1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
any other species of slavery which familiarity has
rendered less^evoliing, and which is only less re-
volting from its very familial ity, this system is pe-
culiarly revolting1.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, in the obser-
vations which I made yesterday, I suggested that
1 had no anxiety for the passage of this amend-
ment, even if it should be reamended by my prop-
osition. But if it is to pass—and I understand the
Senator from Missouri a*id others are in favor of
that proposition—I desire to put it in the most un-
exceptionable shape.
Now, sir, one word in reference to the proposi-
tion itself, and the amendment which I proposed.
One objection which I have to the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin, arises from the fact
that we are dealing with a subject which we do not
eren profess to understand, it is making the Fed-
eral Government take the initiative, as to the mu-
nicipal regulations of a new State or Territory, or
whatever it may be. And I am not disposed, for
one, in this blind way to legislate, changing so ma-
terially a municipal and long-continued law of that
country. I think if we attempt it, we shall vote
without due light, and without a due knowledge of
the suujecf, and for this reason I dislike to vote at
all upon the main proposition.
But, sir, it seems to me, that from the statements
of the Senator from Wisconsin, and (he decree
read by him, (which I believe wasalso read by the
Senator fiorri Missouri yesterday,) of themselves,
show the propriety of adopting the amendment
which I have offered. The amendment is, (hat this
peon sei vitude shall not exist as connected with or
growing out of future contracts. The Senator
says he does not know that it is a servitude which
is of such a character as to come within the provis-
ion of the Constitution in relation to contuicts.
3 do not myself know that u is, but it is, at all
events, a doubtful question; and I must say that,
so lar as I understand it, it is a question growing
out of, or connected with contracts. If it does not
grow out of contracts, what does it grow out of?
It entities the master or employer, or whatever
you may choose to call him, to the labor of the
laborer, be he Indian or whoever else he may.
Now, what doesthat grow out of? It grows out
oT the preexisting debt, the contract of the parry,
whether Indian or not, to work oat the debt. You
are about now to soy that lhat agreement shall
have no force, no efficacy, either as to the time
past or the tune to come. 1 mean that it shall have
no efficacy as to the servitude, whatever may have
been the contract. It seems to me, therefore, that
it is a question immediately connected with and
growing out of contract, and nothing else.
Then again, sir, 1 admit that my feelings have
not been so much excitcd in regard to the doctrine,
or the fact, or the nature of peon servitude, as ap-
pears to be the case with some gentlemen in this
Chamber. Sir, within the memory of every man
in this Chamber, there has been a worse than peon
servitude in every State of the Union. In Great
Britain what was the system m relation to debt,
even in our memory ? NVhy, sir, you were en-
titled to take every article of propeity the debtor j
possessed, and, if that was not sufficient to liqm- j
date the claim, you were entitled to the suiplus j
proceeds of his labor, or at your option to seize 1
his person and confine him within the four waifs '
of a jail. That I suppose was peonage at the '
common-law, a'nd infinitely more harassing and
tyrannical than this system of peonage known to j
the laws of Mexico. My sensibilities, theiefore, i
are not so highly woiked upon in discussing this i
doctrine of peonage. Still, however, I admit that !
the doctrine, as a doctiine, and the practice, as a ]
practice, is wrong; and at the proper time, and in
a proper way, I am willing to abolish it; but I ;
dislike to deal with it finally now, for I do not j
understand it. I must say, too, that it would be -
more proper and moie in confoimity with our gen- I
era! mode of legislation to leave these municipal ;
regulations to the people of the country them-
selves, and not to inflict upon them a mode of col-
lecting their debts by legislation here. I therefore
desire that if this amendment pass at all, it should
pass with the additional amendment which I have
offered, although I must confess that I have no
anxiety about either of them.
Mr. CLAY. We have been six months, in
some form or other, engaged in the consideration
of African slavery; and, as if we had not enough
of that, peonage has sprung up at the end of these
six months, about which I myself know but little,
and perhaps the Senate generally do not know
much. We have some general historical informa-
tion which travelers have told us about it, but we
do not know its minute operations, its relations
upon society, its effects upon the Indians them-
selves, or its tendency to civilization or otherwise,
in those countries in which it exists. For one,
Mr. President, f profess to have no such amount
of information upon the subject as to authorize
me to legislate upon it. 1 do hope that, as I be-
lieve there are many important amendments to be
oflfeied to the bill, the Senator from Wisconsin
will withdraw his amendment, so as to avoid dis-
cussion, as we are evidently not in a position to
legislate on the subject now. Is it not a much
more fitting subject for the consideration of those
local legislatures, which we propose by this bill or
some other hill to e«tablish-?-i3 it not, I say, a
much more fitting subject for such local legisla-
i tures to consider? We have never been among
them; we know nothing of them; but the legisla-
tures of the localities will be particularly informed
of its operation, and if it is oppressive, or tyran-
i meal, or injurious, they will doubtless repeal it.
| There is no prohibition of the exeicise of their
j power, and I think it is unnecessarily taking up
; the time of the Senate when we have momentous
| amendments before us. I hope the Senator from
I Wisconsin will withdraw his amendment, smd let
I us proceed to the consideration of other amend-
i rnents which appear to mc to be more important.
I But, sir, if he persist in it, I must say that I think
the Senator on my left [VIr. Dayton] is light.
We cannot violate contracts. I do not know much
about this system; but, from what I do know, it
j appears to me to be a description of servitude
i springing out of contracts, arid if theyaie con-
i tracts, it is an infringement of the Constitution of
I the United States to violate them,
i Mr. SFWARD. I have asked for the yeas and
t nays upon the amendment of the Senator from
; New Jersey for the purpose of recording my vote
; against it; as I shall with great cheerfulness and
! pleasure record my vote in favor of the otiginal
j proposition to abolish peon slavery. We have
j been, as was remaiked by the honorable Senator
I fiom Kentucky, six months here engaged m
j endeavoiing to admit California, and I have spent
i all the days of those six months endeavoring to
| arrest Afucan slavery. Failing in that, to my
profound regret, I do not think it ought to be un-
j worthy of our care to prevent the enslaving of
! Indians or of any other class or caste of men. We
| aie told that we know nothing or not enough about
| this peon slavery to legislate upon it. Sir, we
i have known enough to subvert the constitution of
! New Mexico and to undertake to sive it another,
! and to subvert the constitution of Utah and to
i! give it another; and we know, therefore, that we
;! oui ht to understand the systems which have pre-
j: vailed there, and the systems which ought to be
lj substituted, if any, in their place. Now, we
!i know this in regatd to peon servitude—that it is
'j sl vyery, and that it is slavery that is creatcd there
|j either by law or by contract. If itis created by
j1 law, and without the consent and will of the slave,
I then it is void, or ought to be, and ought to be
abolished. If it be created there by contiact, then,
' sir, I have no difficulty in regard to the proposi-
' tion; for I hold this truth to be self-evident, that
"all men are crcated equal,'* and that they have
inalienable rights, and that among those rights is
[! liberty.
jl Mr. PRATT. I desire to say a word to the
ij Senate, in relation to the ordinance which has been
ij referred to by the Senator from Wisconsin this
j; morning, and also referred to by the Senator from
II Missouri yesteiday. I find that this is not the
]i ordinance by which this species of servitude was
j! ongina'Iy established, and there may be some
!| question whether it applies to the territories in
;| reference to which we are now legislating. But,
even if it does apply without the limits of those
j territories, it is only a municipal regulation in
: reference to that subject, and not the law by
! which this servitude was originally established. I
; believe, however, it does not apply to the territory
i for which we are now legislating. It is an ordt-
| nance respecting theemploymentoflndians. Thus
it commences:
; " Be it known to all persons residing within the jim?dic-
; tion of Monterey that the, magistrate of smd jurisdiction and
i the board of council have decreed the following"
Then comes the ordinance itself, as it has al-
ready been read. Now, there is a decree affecting
only a particular district—that of Monterey—anil
it is signed by 44 Walter Colton" as "chief magis-
trate." It is, then, an ordinance established by
our own people since the conquest of California,
and is applicable to that district of country irj
reference to which this amendment does not apply.
It does not at all apply to the territory to which
this clause of the bill refers.
I rose merely to correct the Senalor from Wis.
consin—to put him right in reference to this law.
It is not, perhaps, that our own people in this ter-
ritory would not ha\ea light to do what this law
has done; but the ordinance certainly has no refer-
ence to the original law by which this description
of servitude was created. Now, if we had that
law before us, or if it be the law of custom, is
would be necessary for U3 to understand it beloie
we can legislate upon ihe subject. But it occurs
to me, that, independently of the considerations
growing out of this ordinance itself, ihe lerntoria?
legislature which we are about to establish, if it
has any peculiar offices to peiform, among those
offices will be to legislate upon the very sublet
now tinder consideration. Can the Senator fiom
New Yoi k suppose that American citizens, inhab-
iting that couniry and forming a territorial legisla-
ture, would not legislate properly in reference to
this subject of sei vitude or j-lavei y, if it, is lo be so
called? 1 am entirely willing to leave it to the
teiritorial legislature; and, moreover, I do not be-
lieve that we have power to pass such an amend-
ment as that which is proposed.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to legislating
on this subject, for the reasons which have been
given by the Senators from New Jersey and Ken-
tucky. This is a matter upon which none of us
j are sufficiently informed; I certainly have not in-
formation enough to justify me in acting upon it.
It has been called an institution; I incline to the
belief that there is no such institution as that of
peonage in the country for which wc are legislating.
It is not one which is known to the Mexican laws;
and I am afraid that, if we meddle with the subject
at all, we may go further than we design. We
may not only deprive the laborer of an oppoitunity
of disposing of his labor, and exchanging personal
service for the means of subsistence, but we may
impose great inconvenience upon society in tho
district where this labor is required.
So far as I have been able to ascertain the his-
tory of this matter, I am inclined to bebexethat
the form in which it now exists arose out of cus-
tom. Originally, under the Spanish law, tip ere
were certain offireis in each municipality who as-
signed these Indians to certain persons who were
allowed to appropriate their services; a certain
class of Indians were required to labor during
certain weeks, and were assigned to the vanous
Spanish proprietors of the soil around. Fmding,
however, that this was against the spirit of the
age, in the year 1812 this forced assignment of
Indian laboteis was prohibited. But there had
arisen a custom, and it is that custom which now
exists. It appears that those persons who em-
ployed peons used to sell them goods, for which
they bound themselves by contract to serve their
creditors; and the Indians, being improvident,
never paid the debt, so that it lesuhcd in this
species of servitude; and this, as I have already
said, was owing to no peculiar fault of the Mexi-
can law, but to those improvidences which we
cannot regula'e by law. As I understand it, the
Indian who can pay his debt is entitled to be re-
leased from servitude by the Mexican law. And
it is because of his recklessness and want of fore-
sight that he is not released. I do not see, then,
how we can destroy this system, without at least
running the i isk of destroying what is regarded as
a relation between master and servant in all other
countries in the world. I believe that m this case
the master may require a specific performance of
the contract; that is, he may require it to be per-
formed in service or labor, and there may be a
punishment if he dors not so perform it; in other
words, it is a relation subsisting between the In-
dian and the master similar to that which subsists
between the master and the apprentice.
Now, I submit to the Senate whether, in a mat-
ter of this importance, we ought to be legislating
in the dark, and more especially when we con-
sider that there will be a territorial legislature
composed of persons cognizant of all the circum-
