1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
stances, who will understand the relation between
master and seivantas it exists there,and who will
also have the power to remedy whatever it may be j
necessary to remedy in it. Will it not be better
to leave it to them to make any changes which the
nature of the case may require? It seems to me
that it would be unsafe to legislate on the question
now.
Mr. WALKER. Had { assumed the position
which the Senator from Maryland represents me
as having assumed, he would have been correct in
what he has slated; but he misapprehends the
position which I took, and places meinone which
J did riot seek to occupy, and then he corrects ine.
Sir, 1 referred to that ordinance simply as a speci-
men of the laws passed in different parts of the
country. I read this one to show that, under its
operation, the servant did not become a servant so
much by viitue of his contract, as by the inter-
ference of the man who had last employed him;
for it will be perceived that this species of ordi-
nance is such as to prevent him from becoming a
free man—not of his own fault, but because the
master whom he last served refused to give him a j
certificate, which he might do on any trifling aile
gation of debt. It was for this purpose that I
produced that ordinance, and for none other.
A word now as to what has fallen from the Sen-
ator from New Jersey. He says that this is an in-
terference with municipal regulations. Does he |
see nothing m this bill which interferes with the j
municipal regulations of the country ? What does I
he see in that provision which prevents the author- ;
ities from taxing the property of non-residents j
higher than that of residents, and which may be ;
a provision of the most injurious kind? I have |
been in a territory, and I know the embarrassment j
and injustice which such a provision produces, i
You have non-residents holding large landed prop- I
erty, which they keep on speculation, while the !
settlers of the country are improving these lands jj
in value, by the improvements which they are ;i
making in the vicinity of these lands; and yet the
local authorities have no power to tax the non-resi- j;
dents higher than those who reside there. This I ij
regard as an interference with municipal iemulation, /
and which, as 1 shall propose, should be stricken jj
out of the bill. _ _
Again, we propose to restrict t'ne people in the I
right of exercising the suffrage. This, it is true, j
may be a political regulation, but they may adopt j
the township system of government, which gives
them the power to levy their own road and school j
tax, and yet yoa would restrict the class of per-
sons to whom this privilege should be given; and
there are various other matters in this bill which j
may be sa'd to be infractions of the municipal i
rights of the people. But, sir, on the subject of ;
the constitutional objection, let meadd another ob- ;
serration. It is not every interference with a con- j
tract which affects its validity. Here is a contract j
made: what is it? Say an obligation to pay so
much money. But we know that, in our country, I
a contract for labor may be liquidated by money, j
It is, therefore, only the remedy which is proposed j
to be affected by this amendment. There was j
once such a remedy as imprisonment of the body. ;
Who ever thought it was affecting the provisions ■
of the Constitution of the United States in relation
to contracts when that leniedy was proposed to be |
repealed ? And now, in proposing this remedy, I i
think we are none the more interfeiing with the
validity of contracts than we were then. |
I again disavow any desire to interfere with the
constitutional rights of the people there, or to im-
pair the validity of contracts; but, if there be an
improper law existing there, it is well that Con-
gress should step in and see it repealed, and pre- ]
vent the possibility of its existence in future. i
Mr. FOOI'E. I have no idea of detaining the
Senate by discussing this question. But it appears 1
' to me that upon this question the Senate is divided j
into two distinct classes, one professing to know I
nothing on the subject of peonage at all, and the ,
other professing to know every thing, and yet who j
prove that they know less than those who frankly j
acknowledge their ignorance. I doubt mnen .
whether there is a single Senator here who ever I
saw a peonage contract, except it may be my |
friend on the left, [Mr. Rusk.] and he considers :
the thing of so little importance as not to regard it
worth Ins while to detain the Senate with any at-
tempt at explanation. Allow me to saythat nothing
tan be more mischievous in itself, or more ridicu-
lous, than attempts to meddle with legislative mat- jj
ters which we do not understand. It is obviously !■
much wiser to allow such matters to be attended 'I
to by those who best understand them, confining f
our attention to suitable subjects of legislation. j;
Myovvn opinion is, further, that we cannot le-jj
gislate upon this subject of Mexican peonage with-
out violating the principles of good faith towards
Mexico, and the people of the territories; because
if such an institution be actually existing there—
the existence of which has not yet been proved
on this occasion—it is evident from the fact of its
being established there at the time of its acquisi-
tion, that it was not expected by the Government
of Mexico that we would do the least detriment
to this institution in the manner now proposed;
nor could the people of the territories ceded have
expected that we would interfere with their do-
mestic rights, else they would hardly have acqui- ■
esced so quietly in the transfer of citizenship ,
effected by the treaty. Now, sir, I am as much j
opposed to violating any principle of good faith, !
impliedly connected with this treaty with the j
Mexican Government and the people inhabiting ,
those territories, as I would be of violating rny ,
own nath of office for the purpose of carrying out :
certain abstract principles of national law. Never i
will I consent to violate my own sense of what is i
honest and equitable, and conformable to good |
faith, in order to enhance my own consequence as j
in agitator of abstract and startling theories. I j
hope, therefore, that we will give the go-by to this j
proposition. Every one must see that, in under- j
taking to legislate on this subject, we are wander- i
ing in the dark, and may commit mischief withou. i
intending it. i
Mr. WALKER. I do not know what the Sen-
ator means when he speaks of violating his oath
of office. Perhaps he will expisun.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not allude to the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the Senator from
Mississippi did not suppose that any gentlemen
who support this measure would violate their
oaths of office.
Mr. FOOTE. I was not alluding to any gen-
tleman in particular. I merely made a general
remark. If any one felt its application to himself,
j I am not responsible. But I feel bound to say
; that the honorable Senator from Wisconsin is one
! of the last men in the world to wh"m I would
' think of specially applying the remark referred to.
I Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think we have
I traveled far enough now to perceive that we are
! out at sea, without chart or compass, legislating
| upon a subject about which we know but little.
1 The sooner, therefore, that we get back to port the
; better, it is proposed to legislate on the subject
. of peonage, and it is evident, fiom the ordinance
j that has been read, that some members of theSen-
! ate suppose it is confined to Indians.
i Mr. WALKER. I merely referred to that or-
i d.nance as an instance of legislation on the subject,
j Mr. DAVIS. ThenitappearsthattheSenatordid
I not mean us to understand this as the general sys-
j temoflawupon the subject. That ordinance, under
1 the existing laws of the country, could have none
! of the evil effects which he suppose*, because the
owner of the peon, if he refuses Ills discharge upon
< the payment of the debt, can be compelled by the
magistrate of the district to give that discharge.
1 Peonage does n,ot rest upon any law of Mcxico.
i It came from Spain to Mexico, and to Spain it
j came from Rome. It is a contract modified by
custom, so that the. child of the peon passes with
! his estate. It is a hard species of service; and this
j causes peonage to be worth so little that the master
! takes no care of the peon.
I think, Mr. President, that we know too little
on this subject to legislate upon it; besides, I hold
that il is one of those relations of personal property
1 for which the Federal Governmentcannotlegislate.
j I do not take the ground that the Constitution for-
j bids us to interfere with contracts. The Consti-
I tution forbids any State to impair the obligation of
I a contract. Those who framed that Constitution
I believfd that the Congress of the Lnited States
: would never interfere with private property, and that
they could not therefore impair the obligations of
contracts. This species ofproperty, then, restingas
■ it does upon contract, is much in the same position
\ as the apprentice is to his master. The apprentice
! runs away from his master; what does the master
i do ? Why, he advertises him, and forbids all per-
sons from employing him; and I take it to be ex-
actly the case with the peon.
! Again, Mr. President, by the 9th article of the
; treaty, it is obligatory upon us, in relation to the
■ Mexicans in this country, to grant to them fu-il
j protection to their property. This is a species of
j property, and we have no right to interfere with
j it. I believe it has been ofien said that when our
j institutions are fully established in that country,
i the course of time would abolish this system of
; peonage, because it is a thing which is opposed to
the feelings of our people, and could hot exist
; where our people establish laws and government.
| Till that time arrives, I trust that we will not pass
: the limit of our proper authority; and that we will
I not interfere with the domestic relations of a peo-
1 pie over whom we claim to exercise the powers of
| government.
Mr. DODGLAS. In the present condition of
> the bill, I shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
. ator from New Jersey, although, under other cir-
i curristances, I should have voted for the proposition
! of the Senator from Wisconsin. I would, iftw-
! ever, prefer that the bill should be silent upon these
; questions; but if we are to take cognizance of the
j subject of slavery there, then I am compelled to
i vote according to my view of what is right under
j my instructions This species of servitude called pe-
; onage I understand to result not from a contract to
i serve, but is the effect of being in debt. It requires
l no contract on the part of the peon to serve his roas-
' teror his creditor; it only requires thatany individ-
| ual should create a debt, and then peonage exists,
i if he is unable to pay; for this gives the creditor a
1 right to take the peon before the alcalde, and he
:. gives the creditor power over him, so that he must
; complete his service before the debt is paid. The
master then furnishes the debtor or the peon with
!, all his supplies, for which he charges his own
prices,and creditshim with his services, anddoubt-
-1 less always takes care to strike a balance against
ji the debtor, so that he is never able to discharge the
ij debt. The consequence is that the peon becomes
1 a slave for life; and not only a slave for life, but
; the debt descends to his posterity, and the children
■ , are furnished with supplies by the master in the
i same way as were the parents. Thus the son,
j when he comes to maturity, finds himself indebted
to the master to such ari extent that he never can
free himself, and the consequence is, that his chil-
dren are made slaves irrevocably, without their
own consent. This is a species of slavery that is not
confined to any color, to any race, or to any de-
scription of men-, but applies to all men, black and
jl white, no matter what may have been their origin,
male and female; theie is no distinction of color or
j' sex, of age or of race. An American citizen who
may be in New Mexico under this law, and be-
i i comes in debt to the amount of five dolhrs, is, un-
! der this system, a siave, and his posterity after
I him, for all time to come, if it should happen that
he cannot pay. It requires, as 1 understand it, no
! contract except the one creating the debt; and the
law gives the creditor the power to seize the debtor,
j' and have him conveyed before the alcalde, and
gives him a right not only to take possession of
! that debtor, but to charge him with all his supplies,
>i and thus the peon becomes a slave for life, and his
H children after him. If this be the case, there is no
:! remedy; for we have been told, and the law has
jj been read here, showing that no man can be hired
'! as a servant or workman to any second master,
j' until he has had a certificate of discharge from his
' first one. Thus it is clear that there is no remedy,
1 no escaping this servitude, and the white man, the
i fiee man, the American citizen who has been free
his whole life, and his posterity, may be held to
servitude which has no end.
Sir, I think, if we are to take jurisdiction of this
: subject of slavery at all, if we are to restiict and
I limit the action of tenitorial iegislatur.es, our first
duty should be to abolish this revolting system,
1: by which white men, our own kindied. may be
reduced to a system of slavery, provided they
II should happen to be so unfortunate as to be unable
" to pay a debt of five dollars. For one, Mr. Presi-
. dent, I am disposed to put an end to this peonage
: system.
M r. RUSK. 1 desire, Mr. President, to say on
H this subject a very few words. Mexican peonage
has its otigin in the civil law, and existed m Spam
long before Mexico was discovered, and it 5"
tomed upon contract. The Senator from Illinois
j i says that there is no contract about it.
