50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
think, will be in order. I think you may as well
rescind the resolution, and let this matter be dis-
cussed,
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call the gentleman to
order. He has no more right to debate a resolu-
tion to rescind the resolution of the 14th instant,
than to debate any other resolution. I understand
the gentleman now to offer substantially a resolu-
tion that the resolution of the 14th be rescinded.
Such a resolution is not debatable. 1 call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. ROOT. 1 have moved to rescind that reso-
lution. That is the question to which 1 intend to
speak.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BOWLIN. I believe I sent up to the Clerk
a resolution to that effect.
Mr. ROOT. I havethe floor. I will adopt the
resolution, and offer it on my own responsibility.
Mr. BOWLIN. I adhere to the resolution,and
offer it myself.
Mr. ROOT claimed the floor, and insisted upon
his motion to rescind; which, he said, he believed
was equivalent to a resolution; at any rate, he could
put the motion in writing at any time.
Mr. STANLY requested the Clerk to put the
question of order, whether the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Root] should be allowed to proceed.
The gentleman (he said) was about to arraign the
conduct of gentlemen on both sides of the House,
in their efforts to organize.
Mr. ROOT made a remark in reply, which was
lost to the reporter.
The Clerk stated the question of order. The
gentleman from Ohio (he said) had made a motion
to rescind the resolution of the 14th instant, and
after doing that, was proceeding with remarks in
which he was called to order by the gentleman from
Worth Carolina. The question was, whether the
gentleman from Ohio was in order in proceeding
with remarks ?
Mr. BOWLIN rose to a question of order, and
called to the notice of the Clerk and the House the
fact, that he (Mr. B.) had offered a resolution to
rescind the rule before the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Root] had got the floor.
Mr. ROOT. "Wtil the g&^.leman from Missouri
allow me to correct him aSto a matter of fact?
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ash-
mun] had the floor, and did not give way to the
gentleman from Missouri to offer a resolution.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Is not the question of oider
debatable.
The Clerk. That is for the House to deter-
mine.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have the floor upon the
question of order. I intend to debate the question
of order.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man, that he cannot pile questions of order upon
questions of order.
Mr. ROOT, (to Mr. Vajj Dyke.) You cannot
do it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have the floor. I am going
to discuss the question of order, and to show that
my colleague [Mr. Root] has the right to goon to
give the reisons why he is in favor of rescinding
the rule
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will keep strictly in order.
I shall go on to state the reasons why my col-
league should bf allowed to proceed.
Mr. VAN DYKE. The gentleman will be in-
terrupted at every step, then.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It matters very little, sir. I
can talk, if the gentleman talks at the same time.
My colleague 
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague offered to
show the reasons why the lesolutiun adopted on
t ie 14th instant should be rescinded. He was
called to order-- 
[Mr. G. was here interrupted for some minutes,
by calls to order from various parts of the House.
After they had partially subsided ]
I rise to debate the question of order, (said he )
I stand by the rules of order. I intend to debate
the question of order, and gentlemen may cry
" order1' till they are hoarse. They will not de-
prive me of my rights on this floor. This House
has no authority under the parliamentary law—
and there is no other law at present for the govern-
ment of this House-—to deprive my colleague of
his right to show why that resolution should be
rescinded, and no man has the right to stop his
mouth 
Mr. VAN DYKE, (inturrupting.) I call the
gentleman to order, and I ask the House to decide
the question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And prevent him from show-
ing the reasons why the resolution should be
rescinded.
[Cries of " Put the question to the House," and
confusion.]
The Cli<rk. The gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Van Dyke] called the gentlemanjrom Ohio
[Mr. UiDDiNGa] to order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes; but he had no right to
do so.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I have, at all times; and I
shall exercise that right whenever the gentleman
violates the rules of order.
The Clerk propounded the question of leave to
Mr. Giddings to proceed; which being taken, was
decided in the negative.
So leave was refused.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed his seat, with the re-
mark that this was not the first time he had been
choked down on this floor.
The Clerk. The question recurs on the point
of order, whether the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Root,] m making the motion to rescind the reso-
lution adopted on the 14th instant, and to debate
that motion, is out of order ?
Mr. GIDDINGS called the yeas and naya on
that question.
Mr. MASON inquired whether the question
was as to the right of the gentleman from Ohio to
offer his resolution, or to debate it?
The Clerk. As to the right of the gentleman
to debate.
Mr. ROOT renewed the demand of Mr. Gid-
dings for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken, was decided in the negative.
So leave was refused to Mr. Root to proceed
in his remarks.
Mr. FOWLER inquired what was the question
now before the House.
The Clerk replied that it was on the motion to
rescind the rule adopted on the 14th instant.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Root and decided in the negative—yeas 90,
nays 130; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashe, Baker, Bingham, Bocock,
Booth, Bowdoti, Boyd, A. G. Brown, Buel, Burt, E. C.
Cabell, J. Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Campbell, Canter, Cleve-
land, Clinjjman, VV. R VV. Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Crowell,
I)t.mh-y, Duhi, Durkt-e, Edmund>on, Fitch, Gidduus, Green,
H.iralsim. Harlan, H irmanson, S. VV. Harus, T. L. Harris,
Hiliirird, H Jlddfty, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Inge,
A. John-son, R W. Johnson, J  m's, P King, La Sere,
Levin, Lmlefield, H Maun, Ma>oti, R. M. MeLanr, Mc-
Mullen, McQueen, McWiIhe, Meade, Mtllson, Morse, Mor-
ton, Ned, O.da, Oir, Owen, Ptnlp&, hotter, Richuitbon,
Robinson, Root, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Schenek, Seddon,
dpaulding, F. P Stanton, R II. ckumon, A. H. Stephens, T.
Sevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Toombs, Tu«-k, Venable, Wallitcn, Waiktns, Wellborn,
Wtlmot, Wood, and Woodward—90
NA YS—Mtssr>. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
A&lnnun, Ave fit, Bay, Bayly, Beak-, Bennett, Bu> eJl,
Bowie, Bovvlin, Breck, Brigg-*, Brook?, William J. Brown,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Builei, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvm, Case>, Chandler, Clarke, Howell Cobb,
Conger, Conrad, Corwiu, Daniel, Duberry, Dickey, Dun-
imck, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evan>, Ewm*, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gerty,
Gtlmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Goti? Gould, Grlnneli, Hack-
etr, Hall. Hallowa>, Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, I hain
G Hams, Hay, Haymoud, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoay-
LumI, J.icK-von, Jamen L. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, Daniel
P. King, George G. Kins, James G. King, John A Kmg,
r, Job wann, Marshall, Matuson, McClernand, Mc-
Dowell, McKu-sock, McLanahan, F.£. McLean, Meacliam,
Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morns, Nelson, Neweil, Ogle,
Oti^, Outlaw, Parker, Peas-lee, P,-ck, Pnconiv, Pitman,
Powell, Putnam, Reed, R.-ynold^, R^iey, Robbins, Rock-
wall, R > e, liutnsey, Sawtelle, Sohennerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Slipppeid, Silvester, tf prague. Stanly, Siroue, Taylor, James
Thompson, John B Thompson, William Thompson, Thur-
man, Underbill, Vinton, Waldtn, Waldo, Weiitworth.
White, Whiuie^y, Wildnck, Williams, Wilson, Winthrou,
and Young—130.
So the House decided that the resolution of the
14 h instant should not be rescinded.
[Cries: "Call the roil !"]
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. ALBERTSON sent to the Clerk's table the
following resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That James McDowell, of Virginia, be, and
lie is hereby, chosen Speaker pro tem., and that, upon his
assuming the chair, the House wil! proceed 10 the electron
of Clerk, and Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and Post-
master ; and upon the election of those officers ihe House
will pioceed to vote for a permanent Speaker, and will con-
tinue so to vote, Irom day to day, until a permanent
Speaker shall be elected. And, in ihe mean lime the said
temporary cpeaker shall not appoint any committee on be-
half of the House, nor shall the House itself elect any, or
entertain any petition, bill, or proposition whatever, looking
to legislation, until such permanent Speaker shall have beea
duly elected.
The yeas and nays were asked.
Mr. WOOD said he believed that it was out of
order to offer the resolution. He moved that it be
laid upon the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
The reading; of the resolution was called for,
and it was again read.
The question, lt Shall this resolution be laid on
the table?" was then taken,*and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 127, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen. Alston, Anderson, Asb-
mun, Averett, Baker, Bay, Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Booth,
Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Burt, Chester But-
ler, T. B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clevt land!,
Chngman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Crowell, De-
berry, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Duikee, A.
Evans-, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fri-edtey, Giddmg«, Goode-
now, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, I-falioway, Hampton, Hay,
Hebard, Henry, Hilhard, Holiaday, Holmes, Howe, Huir-
t^r. Jackson, Jas. L>. Johnson, Julian,Kerr. Darnel P King,
George G. King, Jas. G. King, John A King, Preston Kin« ,
Horace Mann, Marshnll, Matte«onjMcD<>wen, MfGau«hey,
McKi?sock, Finis E McLean,Meacham,Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Ne?., Newell, OsIp, Oti.-, Outlaw, Oweir,
Peck, Phcenix, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sehenck,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulding, Spragne, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephen?, Thad-
deus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman.,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace, Watkins,
White, Williams, Wihnoi, Wilson, Winihrop, Wood, and
Woodward—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberf«on, Ashe, Beale, Binsrham, Bis-
still, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
Buel, J. Cable, G. A. Caldwell, II. Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb-,
Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Edmund-*
son, Ewing, Fitch, Fuller. Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green,
Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, HaraKon, Harlan, Har-
manson. Is-ham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, L .
Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hoagland, Hou-ton, Howard,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kauf-
man, La Sere, Leffler, Levin, Littlefi^ld, Job Mami. Maj-nn,
McClernand, McLanaban, R. M. MrLane, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, McWiihe, Meade, Miller, Milison, Morris, Morse,
Old>-, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, PhHps, potter, Rieha>d-on
Rohbins, Robinson, Ro?s, Savage, Sawtelfe, Frederick P.
Stanton, Rtchard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetspj%
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
Thompson, Toomb--, Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, Went-
worth, Whmlesry, Wildrick, and Young—94.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
[Orient (t Call the roll!"]
Mr. LEVIN rose and was understood to refer
to the fact that a committee had been appointed to
confer upon a mode of organizing the House*
Mr. ROOT rose and called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Levin] to order.
Mr. LEVIN said he had risen to submit a mo-
tion that the House adjourn, for the purpose of
enabling the committer of conference to meet and
report-
Mr. ROOT called the erentleman to order.
[Cries: tl Call the roll !"]
Mr. LEVIN. 1 move that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelveo'clock.
The Clerk stated the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Levin of
Pennsylvania and Bowdon of Alabama were ap-
pointed.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the negative—ayes 74, noes 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Cries: " Call the roll !"}
Mr. WOODWARD rose and said that it must
be manifest that this House would not elect a
Speaker for many days,  f at all.
[Cries; H Call the roll!"]
Mr. WOODWARD, (continuing.) I therefore
move that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet at twelve o'clock on Monday next.
The Clerk stated the question.
Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and nays, remark-
ing, let us see who wishes to waste the time in this
way,
[Laughter, and calls to order.]
Mr. WOODWARD withdrew his motion.
Mr. JONES renewed it.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. JONES withdrew his motion.
Mr. BOWDON moved that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
