1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJjOBE.
June 6,
extended to Utah and New Mexico,, " so far as
they are applicable." These expressions are lia-
ble to the same objections when applied to law as
to the Constitution.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him if the expression in common
law is not u so far as it has been used and ap-
proved," and not "applicable?"
Mr. BERRIEN. Those words certainly applied
to the common law of England, as it had been
"used and approved" to a certain extent before
the Revolution; but we are about to apply our
laws to a territory where they have not been
** used and approved," and consequently there
must be a difference of phraseology arising out of
a di{Terence of circumstances. This expression
is analogous to that which was used in regard to
the introduction of the common law of Great
Britain here, as far as in the nature of circum-
stances it can be analogous. Bur, ir is asked,
what are the principles of the Constitution which
are to be extended to the Territories? And the
Senator from Massachusetts adverts to the organ-
ization provided for by the constitution of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives and th« judicial
department. Well, I can say generally, in answer
to that, that the Constitution of the United States
separates into two parts. One regards the organ-
ization and administration of the Government, the
other the rights of citizens. Those provisions
which accomplish the organization and adminis-
tration of the Government, are of course not
needed .in the territory. But the rights of citizens,
those which the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to specify in the amendment which he has
intimated it to be his intention to introduce, those
in general terms which are principles of the Con-
stitution applicable to Americen citizens, wherever
found within the jui isdiction of the United States,
will be transferred by the operation of this pro-
vision into the territories. But really, sir, this is
giving the amendment too much importance. I
hope that the further discussion of this subject
will be postponed until the Senator from Massa-
chusetts shall offer the amendment of which he
has spoken when the subject will be open for gen-
eral discussion.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall not detain the Senate
long; but as my vote will not perhaps altogether
explain the opinions I entert <in on this subject, I
desire to say a. few words. I have always under-
stood that when you organize territorial govern-
ments, and establish the machinery of government
and courts of justice, that the judge m those courts
administers the laws of the temtory, but that the
Constitution of the United States is the supreme
law. And without expiess extension of the Con-
stitution, any judge going into any one of the
teriitories of the United States under the organi-
zation of a territorial government, could not deny
the right of habeas corpus without being im-
peached, because it is a part of the law; and I say
furthermore, that if he undertook to construe any
contract, or permit any ex post facto law to be
passed there, he would violate the supreme law
under winch he was acting, because the Constitu-
tion, to the extent to which it is applicable, is not
only a part of the law, but it is the supreme low
for every judge who administers there. I agree
with the Senator from Georgia that there are two
divisions in the Constitution. One is the organi-
zation of the Government itself. Of course that
is not applicable. And the other is the law of fhe
country. Now the Constitution has certain gieat
principles which must be enforced. You cannot
disie^aid it m any part of the United States where
on American citizen claims the protection of the
laws of the country. I have only to say, that if
to morrow any set of men in the Territory of
Utah were to rise in arms against the Government
of the United Stales, to levy war, or to aid and
give countenance to an enemy, they would he
guilty of treason, without any special extension
of the Constitution.
1 know th/it this subject has been a good deal
discussed, and 1 am sorry that the Senator from
Florida has thought proper to introduce it now,
for I agree thoroughly in the opinion that, the
moment we organize a territorial government, it
carries with it the constitutional law.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator from South Car-
olina does not like the amendment, 1 presume he 1
will vote against it, and 1 am sorry for it. It is i
not necessary for me to say how much value I |
attach to this amendment, or whether I attach any
value to it at all. I do myself entertain opinions
in some degree coincident with those expressed
by the Senator from South Carolina, but there is
another class of gentlemen who think otherwise.
The Senator from New Jersey expressly objected
to this particular phraseology, on the ground that
it might give to the South an advantage which it
had not otherwise 
A Senator. That was to the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker ]
Mr. YQLEE. It is precisely the same thing,
and inasmuch as the friends of this bill announce
to the public that those opposed to it are opposed
to territorial organizations that are identical with
those proposed in the Clayton compromise bill for
: which they voted; 1 say that, inasmuch as this
i pretence is made by the friends of the bill, I have
1 simply desired that they should include, in the
form of territorial government which they pro-
| pose for these two territories, precisely the in-
j tents and contents of the Clayton compromise.
! That is all. Whether I attach more or less value
| to it, it is not necessary for me to say.
| Mr. WALKER. I would suggest that, by the
I fifteenth section of the bill, officers of the terri-
j tory are required to take an oath to support the
< Constitution of the United States; and there is, I
| believe, a provision of the same kind in every
! territorial bill. I take it, therefore, that the gen-
I era! provisions of the Constitution in favor of
! human liberty go with the bill, without specially
j extending the Constitution, and that the amend-
i ment is therefore unnecessary.
i Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply to say that if the
j Senator from Florida does not attach any import-
i ance to the amendment, it can only be for the pur-
pose of momentary entertainment.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator has no right to
impute motives.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator attaches any im-
portance to it, I shall vote for it; if he does not, I
shall vote against it.
Mr. DICKINSON. Every Senator will ask
himself now, by what authority we hold this ter-
ritory ? If we can hold it under anv other author-
ity than the Constitution of the United States, I
should like to know what it is. It seems tome,
therefore, that the amendment is entirely unneces-
sary, but I will vote for it rather than lose time
on it.
Mr. CHASE. I shall vote against this amend-
ment for the precise reason which the Senator
from New York assigns for voting for it—because
the Constitution extends to the territories, inde-
pendently of all legislation of Congress, i# all
those provisions which are designed to secure
rights of person or pioperty. I shall vote against
the amendment because it is nugatory; no result
will be attained whether we adopt or reject it. It
is m keeping, however, with the general character
of the provision in regard to slavery. Nothing is
settled by it. The question in dispute is merely
j shifted from Congress to the Adtninistrntion and
I the courts. The bill is brought forward as one of
! settlement and peace; but if will settle nothing,
! and effect nothing beyond throwing -he question
j of slavery into the arena of public discussion and
j party strife.
j For myself, I hold that the Constitution extends
| to the terntoiies, and in this we nearly all aaree;
! hut we differ widely as to the effects of the Con-
j stuution upon personal r'ghis. For my own part,
j so long as the Constitution letdins unaltered, that
| provision which denies to Congress all power to
j deprive any person of liberty without due process
| of law, i shall not believe that anv person can be
! held in the territories as a slave without a viola-
i lion of that instrument.
! The question was then taken on Mr. Yulee's
i amendment, and resulted as follows:
i YRA^—\Tes«r«. Atchison, BHI, Berripn, Borland, Butler,
l (Jt iv, OlciiM'n*, D.ivis of Dawson, Diok-
I jiwori, Dodae of Iowa, Dm«zln«. Dowiw, Foofe, Hon.ton,
[ Hntifor, Kiny, Mariirnm. Mrwon. Morion, P^nroe, Pratt,
Rti-k, SelM!>tian, Soule, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Turnev, and
Yutpf—30-
NAY?5—Me«pr= . Badger, Baldwin, B"nforj, Rrishl. Olia«e,
01 ii k<>. Cooper. Davi« of >Ma^-arlni.-TtN. D u ton, Dodire of
Wi«i-on=in. FWr-li, Grc >n< , Ha i hr , Jonpw, Miller, orris,
S^vvnrd, S!ih>Ms. Smith, Undeiwood, Upham, Walker,
Wrl>*tei. and Whitcoml)—24.
So the amendment was adopted.
On motion by Mr. Downs, the twenty-seventh
section of the bill was amended so as to corre-
spond with the tenth section.
Mr. BALDWIN. I now move to amend the
27th section by inserting the following immediate-
ly after the words " African slavery," in the G'.h
line: "It being-hereby intended and declared that
the Mexican laws prohibiting slavery shall be and
remain in force in said territory until they shall be
altered or repealed by Congress " It seems to be
conceded, Mr President, on ail sides of the cham-
ber, that slavery is prohibited in all those terri-
tories which we acquired from Mexico; that if
the Mexican law is to remain in force, that law
establishes freedom and not slavery as the law of
those territories. The distinguished chairman of
the committee who reported this bill, has himself
declared to the Senate that such is his undemand-
ing of the law, and that if we pass this lull the
Mexican law will remain in force; and, indeed, he
has informed the Sena'e that if such were rot to
be the law, he would vote against this hill; for he
would never vote for any bill that would have the
effect of extending slavery to territory now free.
My own opinion is in accordance with that of the
chairman of the committee, that if we pass this
bill, the Mexican laws prohibiting slavery will re-
main in force, and that the teriitonal legislature
will not have the power of repealing or changing
those laws by its own legislation, under the pro-
visions of this bill. But, sir, that is not the opin-
ion of other distinguished gentlemen who have
deliveied their sentiments in the course of this de-
bate. The Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,]
on the other hand, has expressed the opinion, that
by the establishment of a territoiial government
the Mexican law upon this subject will be abro-
gated, and that slavery may, under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, which will
then be in force, be carried into those territories,
notwithstanding the original prohibition in the
Mexican law. Now, sir, this is a subject about
which, in my judgment, there should be no differ-
ence of opinion as to what Congress intends We
are-here for the purpose of making a law for the
people of these territories—a law which is to gov-
ern all our citizens in their relation to these territo-
ries; we are enacting a law in behalf of the Ameri-
can people, who, however much we may differ
m sentiment in regard to what would be the effect
of this bill, can have, as lawmakers, but one will;
and they require us to express their will by a law
which is susceptible of but one legal construction.
If it be the intention of Congress that the law of
Mexico shall remain; if it be the understanding of
Senators who vote for this bill, that such will be
its effect, why not frankly place upon the face of
the bill, language which will be subject to no mis-
construction ? The object of the amendment is to
declare what the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee has stated to be, in his opinion, the effect of
the bill. I agree entirely in the sentiment which
was advanced the other day by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Soule,} that we ought not to pass
a law which shall be understood in a different
sense by those who cooperate in its passage. I
do not concur in the sentiments advanced by the
Senator in regard to what, in his opinion, ought to
be the law; but £do concur with him fully in this :
that m giving that law to the people, there is but
one sound rule of legislation for us to adopt, and
that i-=, to declaie our meaning in clear, plain, and
intelligible language, so that there shall be no mis-
take in regard to it. I hold, sir, that this is a mat-
ter which concerns us as legislators; that we have
a duty to discharge which we cannot throw off on
others. The people demand a law, a rule for their
conduct, clear ami intelligible. They do not ask
us to give them a Delphic response, which may be
interpreted in one way or in another, according to
the wishes of every inquirer. They do not ask
us for a law like those which are said to have been
promulgated by one of the Roman emperors, so
illegibly written and hung up on pillars so high
that they could not be read. They want a pldin
and intelligible law. The owner of slaves, if he
wishes to emigrate into those territories, hasa right
to know before he goes there whether the law will
allow him to take with him his slaves, and hold
them there in servitude. The free man of the
North, orof the South, who desires to emigrate to
a country where fieedom is to be the law, has a
right to know before he goes—as far as we car*
inform him—whether he shall find it on his arrival
a slaveholding territory, or a territory where the
law of freedom prevails.
The object of my amendment* then, sir* is
