52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
increased, and the condition of its people ameliora-
ted, by the labor® of Theobald Matbew. Where
among the living do we find a man whose works
of benevolence have so splendidly and gloriously
followed him ?
Mr. President, I should join in this homage—in
this fact.of reverence—as an act of reverence to
virtue alone, if no other reason was offered; but I
must say with all freedom, and trust that the free-
don\ will be conceded to me as I concede it to
others, that since it is objected that this act of re-
spect shall not be alio wed, because of the particular
opinions of the person who is the subject of it, in
regard to slavery, I must be allowed lo say, with
all respect, that I hope the American Senate will
give evidence, by the unanimity with which they
pass this resolution, bf this sentiment—which is
almost unanimous, I believe, amongst us—that if
slavery be an error, if it be a crime, if it be a sin,
we deplore its existence among us, and deny the
responsibility of its introduction here; and, there-
fore, that we shall not withhold from virtue the
meed which is us due, because it happens to be
combined in the person of one who exhibits not
more a devotion to virtue than to the rights of
man.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 am glad to hear
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] place
this movement upon a distinct basis—to know that
it is advocated because of the opinions in relation
to domestic slavery, which are ascribed to the in-
dividual named in the resolution. Yes, sir, I am
glad to hear that now avowed.
For years past we have seen our fraternity dis-
turbed, our country torn by domestic contention;
even now we see our Government seriously embar-
rassed by a dissension, the seeds of which were
sown by British emissaries, who assumed the false
pretext of philanthropy to mask their unholy de-
signs to kindle the fires of civil war among the
United States. There was a time, sir, when an
American feeling pervaded and ruled in this coun-
try; when every man worthy to be descended from
the sires of our Revolution, repulsed with loathing
and scorn the foreign emissary who attempted to
distract our nationality. Not even on questions
of general policy and common interest would they
permit the interference of others.
Has this passed away ? Now, when it requires
all the forbearance of brotherhood to allay excite-
ment, to calm irritation, to prevent pent up feeling
from bursting into strife, are we not only to per-
mit, but to welcome, the intrusion of the stranger
into the most deucate domestic question which has
ever threatened the peace and safety of our Con-
federacy? Degenerate and unworthy of the sires
from whom we derive our institutions and our
union must that son be, who can thus court for-
eign interference, and grasp the hand in fellow-
ship with which he expects to scatter over our land
the seeds of a new and most mischievous species
of domestic discord.
Sir, I have no wish to depreciate the labors or
to contest the merits of him whose name is identi-
fied with the beneficent cause of temperance
reformation. The good he has done to a portion
of our race deserves the thanks of mankind. The
heart pays a willing tribute to the benevolence of
a labor like his; and who has not rejoiced in the
happy influence his mission has exercised over
his unfortunate countrymen? Could it devolve
upon the Senate to decide either of these points,
there would, I suppose, be but little difference of
opinion among us. But it would not thence follow,
that as a department of this Government we should
give testimonial of our approbation and accord-
ance. Still less can this be claimed for the reason
urged by the Senator from New York.
Thus presented, the question is, whether the
United States Senate, partly composed of those
who represent a slaveholdmg constituency, shall
vote an extraordinary compliment to one known
as the ally of Daniel O'Connell in his attempt to
incite the Irishmen, naturalized citizens of the
United States, to unite as a body with the Abo-
litionists in their nefarious designs against the
peace, the property, arid the constitutional rights
of the southern States. An act of such obtrusive
interference in our domestic affairs, a declaration
of opinions so offensive, an attemptso mischievous,
requires something more than a temporary silence
to justify the unprecedented compliment which is
claimed at our hands.
If, as the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
intimates, those opinions in relation to African
slavery as it exists in this country have undergone
a change, why was not such change avowed when
an opportunity was kindly offered, as has been
stated by#he Senator from Alabama? A refusal
to do so, under the circumstances connected with
it, could not fail to have an injurious effect upon
what is recognized as the great object of his visit,
and i«, therefore, conclusive against the supposi-
tion of such a change having occurred. When
opinions are gratuitously thrown before the world,
it is our right to note them, and, if mischievous,
our duty to remember them; this is not to probe
private sentiments, but is to see that which is laid
before us.
In the present case exceptions have been taken
not to the opinions of '4 Father Mathew" on the
subject of slavery, but to his conduct in attempting
to instigate his countrymen, naturalized among us,
to join in a crusade against institutions of their
adopted country. Why, if he came purely as a
missionary in the cause of temperance, should he
have hesitated to disavow any purpose to interfere
with the political relations of any portion of our
citizens, or to assail any of the domestic institu-
tions of our country ? This was necessary, not to
assure us against any supposed danger from his
influence—our confidence in the allegiance of our
citizens gave full security against that—but was
necessary to justify the attentions and courtesy
which it was desired to offer. In default of such
disavowals, under answers which are said to have
been evasive, and with.such advocacy as we have
just heard, hi3 attitude is that of one who comes
covertly as a wolf in sheep's clothing; and 1 hold
the Senator from New York to be the very best
authority on that subject.
Mr. President, in opposing this resolution I wish
it to be distinctly understood, that I yield all which
has been claimed for the success of Father
Mathew"to the cause of temperance in Ireland;
and certainly abate nothing of respect and sympa-
thy because of his clerical character and the land
of his nativity. If either one or the other had led
me into error, it would have been that of compli-
ance, not resistance. Irishmen not allied with
O'Connell and abolitionism, take in my sympathies
the next place to our brethren; but this feeling is
not sufficient to give a controlling influence to the
mere name of "Irish patriot." My first duty, my
nearest ties, are at home; and I will say of the
hoideof abolitionists, foreign and domestic, that
if I had the power to exclude them all from this
Chamber, I would nol hesitate a moment to do it
Mr. WALKER. As the introducer of that
resolution, it is proper for me to give some ex-
pression of the motives which actuated me in
doing it. I assure you, sir, and the Senate, that 1
looked to the reverend gentleman named in the
resolution, m no other capacity than that of a phi-
lanthropist connected with the temperance reform.
1 did not, for a moment, take into consideration
what he was or was not in regard to the subject of
slavery. If I ever noticed any statement which
he has heretofore expressed upon that subject, I
have now forgotten particularly what those senti-
ments were. And if, sir, I had thought of it, it
would have made no difference in my mind, nor
do I think it ought to make a difference with gen-
tlemen from the South. So far as we have had
any indication of the mission of Father Mathew,
it is one of peace, one of benevolence, of good-
will to mankind. It is not one of disturbance, of
aggression upon the rights of any class of the
community. Looking to him, Mr, as a philanthro-
pist—one who has not only done great good, but
who is now engaged in the same good work, it did
not for one moment occur to me to look at the
reverend gentleman named in any other light, or
in any other capacity; but I will say this—that in
concurrence with the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, I think it unfortunate that in every little
matter we must see so much jealousy upon the
subject of slavery. I think it unfortunate—bene-
ficial neither to the South, to the North, nor to the
country. Other gentlemen may have more feeling
than it is possible for me to have, on account of
their nearer relations to it; but it does seem to me
that the introduction of this subject on every occa-
sion, in this way, will do good neither to the Sen-
ate of the United States, good to the country, nor
good to.either division of the country.
Perhaps, sir, I may be in error. Perhaps gen-
tlemen from the South may be more strongly of
opinion that I am in error, and that others advo-
cating thi« resolution are in error, than 1 am able
to see or to appreciate. But, sir, in^egard to this
matter, and in regard to all other similar matters,
I have, I hope, some reason to thank God that I
can look at them with an eye divested of any
view to my own selfish interests. If others are so
unfortunately constituted that they cannot, it is
not forme to censure them. I pronounce no cen-
sure; but it does seem to me that the widows and
orphans of slaveholders, as well as the widows
and orphans of non-slaveholders, snd that the
wives of slaveholders, as well as the wives of non-
slaveholders, can sympathize alike in the great
work in which Father iVlathew is engaged; that
they can look at it alike, laboring under the hor-
rors of inebriation in their social and private rela-
tions. It seems to me that they can look at it
divested of selfish and personal interests. I use
the term " selfish" in no opprobrious sense; I use
it to convey the meaning of whatever is personal
to themselves. 1 believe, sir, that there are indi-
viduals in every portion of our country who can
sympathize with Father Mathew in the course he
is pursuing; and I also believe that these large
classes, these great numbers of individuals, will
look to the Senate of the United Siates with per-
fect astonishment, when they find that the matter
of slavery has so far crept into our deliberations,
that we cannot sympathize with men upon the
great and glorious subject of temperance, without
bringing in this question to mar the deliberations
of the' body". But be that as it may, sir, for one i
must^epeat that I had ho other view of this ques-
tion, in introducing this resolution, than that I
have expressed. I looked at the individual named
in the resolution as a philanthropist—as a man
endeavoring to promote the good of humanity, the
good of mankind; and at the time I neither thought,
nor knew, nor cared what he was doing on any
other subject, so long as I had no evidence which
I remembered—and I may say that no evidence
yet introduced has satisfied me—that he was act-
ing here in any other capacity than as a philan-
thropist. if I should hereafter see from him any
efforts to disturb the peace of the country, I should
regret it; and I doubt whether there is a Senator
upon this floor who would not regret it. I feei
that every man here would be surprised to see
a course pursued by Rev. Theobald Mathew which
would call him in question, and present him as a
man desiring to disturb the public peace, or de-
siring to interfere with the local institutions of the
country, in which he can render assistance neither
one way nor another for purposes of good. I
should be surprised for one, and I doubt whether
there is a Senator upon this floor who would be
otherwise than surprised, to learn that Rev. The-
obald Mathew had acted improperly in relation to
the subject of slavery or anything else of the kind.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote for this resolution,
sir; but I rise to say that if this vote was to be
measured by the merits of Father Mathew as an
anti-slavery man, I should be constrained to vote
against him.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) Hear him. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, " hear him." I say
that if he was to be measured by his merits as an
anti-slavery man, I should feel constrained to vote
against him; and I rise now, sir, lest I should be
supposed to extend this courtesy on any such con-
siderations; because, if the honorable Senator from
Kentucky will allow me, I think 1 can correct him
in a mistake
Mr. CLAY, (interposing.) Certainly; always.
Mr. HALE. Father Mathew has not, so far
as I can ascertain, gone so far as to say that he has
retracted a single sentiment which he has ever
uttered, or altered or changed any opinion which
he has ever entertained.
Mr. CLAY. Will the honorable Senatorallow
me to say that I do not think ! used the word u re-
tracted r" I think I did say that 1 understood that .
he had refused to lend himself to the movements
of Mr. Garrison and others engaged in abolition
projects.
Mr HALE. I believe the honorable Senator
is right. When Father iVlathew was in Boston,
he was called upon by some anti-slavery men to
lend the sanction of his presence to a meeting to
be held on the first of August [third of August—
Rep,] in commemoration of the emancipation
of the British slaves in the West Indies, and he
