1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53-
refused to do it. He did not intimate his sentiments
to the committee which watted upon him, as i un-
derstand—and I read the accounts with a good
deal of care, and L confess with a good deal of pain
and mortification, as a friend of Father Mathew
in the cause in which he is engaged—but took
what i understand to be the doctrine of the
" Union "—the Democratic paper—of non-inter-
vention. He would not interfere. Heconsented,
in one word, sir, to be silent upon this great ques-
tion; and for that reason, if he were to be weighed
in this balance, I should withhold my vote from
him with great regret.
But I vote for him on different grounds. I vote
for the resolution upon the ground upon which it
is placed by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
—as a tribute to his virtues and philanthropy in
another field of labor. AH hope and all reliance
that the friends of what I consider the great cause
of humanity have placed upon Father Mathew in
coming to this country, have most signally failed,
and have been entirely disappointed.
If tiie Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
will allow me a word: He said that if he had the
power he would exclude from this floor every one
who sympathizes with the abolitionists, foreign
and domestic.
Mr. DAVIS. Every abolitionist, foreign and
domestic.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, it is sufficient that
slavery has not got the power; and I venture to
say that if I had the power I would not exclude
oil, but I would exclude so many, that when we
came to have the committees of the Senate ap-
pointed, they should wear a little different com-
plexion from what they now do. [Laughter.] I
would restore the equilibrium, but not shut them
«.U out. I would have perhaps three fifths of those
who were left here of my own way of thinking,
and leave a wholesome minority to keep the bal-
ance wheels of Government properly in motion,
so that we should have free and fair discussion
upon the subject. I hope I have made myself un-
derstood, for I would by no means seem to sanc-
tion Father Mathew's course in this respect. My
objections to him are as deep upon that ground as
those of the Senator from Alabama. They are of
another color altogether, it is true, but go quite as
far as his. Upon the ground I have stated, I shall
certainly vote for the resolution; but with reluc-
tance, I confess, fearing that 1 shall be misunder-
stood as sanctioning his course upon the subject of
slavery, which I disapprove as much as anybody.
Mr. BADGER. Believing, Mr. President, as
I do, that no good is to arise out of the discussion
* that has grown up from this resolution; and being,
besides that, myself opposed to the adoption of
the resolution, and, if in favor of it, opposed to
the further prosecution of, this discussion, for the
purpose of ridding the Senate of it, I move, sir,
that the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. FOOTE. Let me make an appeal to my
friend to withdraw his motion for a few minutes,
as I desire to be heard upon this question.
Mr. BERRIEN. Let us vote upon the resolu-
tion. . , ,
Mr. BADGER. I will withdraw the motion
for the present. .
Mr. FOOTE obtained the floor, but yielded it
^Mr.'cASS. Mr. President, I join in the regret
so well expressed by the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] that any opposition
has been made to the adoption of this resolution,
and I particularly regret with him the reasons
which have led to it. I know nothing of the opin-
ions of Father Mathew on the subject of slavery,
nor do I seek to know them. I have a recollection,
though not a very distinct one, that the reverend
gentlemen was interrogated in Boston by some per-
sons with extreme views upon this question, in
order to draw from him his sentiments respecting
it. He declined intermeddling with the subject,
and gave much offence by this prudent and proper
course. And certainly the declaration of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] whose
opinions are pretty well known ihrough the coun-
tiv, that the views of Father Mathew were not
acceptable to him, is enough to redeem this distin-
guished stranger from the charge of interfering with
our domestic eoncerns. But, sir, I deprecate the
introduction of this topic on the present occasion^
It must come and be met; and it must be discussed
and adjusted. But, " sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof." Nothing is gained by its premature
introduction here; and least of all should it be made
a test by which questions foreign to its interest are
to be tried and determined. Already the public
mind is in a high state of excitement on this sub-
ject; and there is no man who loves his country
who can regard its dangers withoutdeep solicitude.
But certainly, if it is to meet us at every step of
the session, a spirit will be roused utterly incom-
patible with calm deliberation or satisfactory ad-
justment.
This is but a complimentary notice to a distin-
guished man just arrived among us; and well does
he merit it. He is a stranger to us personally;
but he has won a world-wide renown. He comes
among us upon a mission of benevolence—not un-
like Howard, whose name and deeds rank high in
the annals of philanthropy, and who sought to
carry hope and comfort into the darkest cehs, and
to alleviate the moral and physical condition of
their unhappy tenants. He comes to bretk the
bonds of the captive and to set the prisoner free;
to redeem the lost, to confirm the wavering, and to
aid in saving all from the temptation and dangers
of intemperance. It is a noble mission, and well
is he fulfilling it. I neei not stop to recount the
evils which the great enemy he is contending with
has inflicted uDon the world—evils which are the
source of a large portion of the vice and misery
that human nature has to encounter.- But the in-
undation is stayed. Higher motives, nobler as-
pirations, the influence of religion and the hopes of
life, are coming to the rescue, and are doing their
part in this great work of reformation. You grant
a seat here to the successful warrior returning from
the conquests of war. Let us not refuse it to a i
better warrior—to one who comes from the con-
quests of peace; from victories achieved without j
the loss of blood or life, and whose trophies are
equally dear to the patriot and the Christian.
Mr. DAVIS. May I interrupt the Senator from ;
Michigan ? I
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 believe we do not grant seats i
specially to officers, however distinguished. They 1
come in under our rule to admit those who have \
received the thanks of Congress. This is the first j
proposition of the kind. I
Mr. CASS. Officers are provided with seats ;
here in consequence, of their distinguished services.
But if this is the first time that ever such a propo-
sition was made, it is the first time that such an
occasion ever called it forth. We have nothing
to fearfrom an example like this; and when similar
services are rendered to us, and to the world, let
us reward them by a similar mark of approbation.
Of all the nations of the earth, ours is the only
one where public opinion is entirely unfettered,
and the tribute it renders is therefore the more
valuable. I believe public sentiment was never
more unanimous than in the appreciation of this
great cause, and of the zeal and self-sacrifice with
which this Christian missionary has devoted him-
self to its service. Let us, therefore, not refuse
this slight acknowledgment to cheer him upon his
journey. _ .
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, it is with no little
reluctance that I take part in the debate now in
progress. Delicate topics have been introduced,
that have to some extent beendiscussed also, which
I had hoped would not have been intruded upon i
our notice thus early. The real question before the
Senate seems to me to be, whether certain honor
shall be done by us to a distinguished champion of
the causeof temperance,on account of the eminent
service which he has rendered to mankind by his
activity and zeal in suppressing one of the most
hideous evils which has ever made its appearance
in the world. No one who knows the history of
Father Mathew as the champion of temperancc,
can doubt that he deserves the respect and sym- !
pathy of ail who feel interested in preserving the |
dignity and happiness of man as a moral being, i
In°this character I have long admired him most
profoundly and sympathized with him most deep-
ly. On account of his merits as a successful advo-
cate of temperance in two hemispheres, 1 feel
strongly inclined to support the resolution which
has been offered for according him a seat on the j
floor of the Senate; and so 1 shaU.certamty vote, j
unless it be shown that there ls'something in the j
resolution offered by the Senator from W isconsm j
violative of the rules of this body, or repugnant to ,
precedents heretofore held in respect. Indeed, 1;
believe that the almost unanimous vole of the Sen-
ate would have been given in the support of Ihjs
resolution bu*for the extraordinary speech deliv-
ered by the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] a few moments since. It seems
that this gentleman feels authorized to say that he
recognized Father Mathewas an anti-slavery prop-
agandist, and on this account, and on no other,
does he base his support of the resolution. I eati-"
not help hoping that he has done gross injustice to
the distinguished nativeof the Emerald Isle alluded
to, in recognizing him,/as he has explicitly done,
as a mere abolition incendiary. I am inclined to
think, and indeed I confidently believe, that the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Ci-at,}
and the equally distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] understand the attitude of Father
Mathew with regard to slavery in this country far
better than the Senator from New York, who has
showered upon him such degrading commenda-
tions. If the honorable Senators from Michigan
and Kentucky have not been egregiously misin-
formed in regard to the present opinions and plans
of the venerable apostle of temperance now in our
midst, he would be one of the last men in the world
either to intermeddle, himself, with any portion of
the domestic institutions of a Republic of which he
is a temporary guest, or to instigate the vicious
intermeddling of others, or to sanction directly or
indirectly the foul incendiarism which has at last
placed in such serious jeopardy the noblest civic
institutions which the wisdom of man has ever
yet succeeded in establishing upon earth. -
Sir, I have been so long fighting under the noble
non-intervention flag, which' may be seen at the
masthead of that well-rigsed vessel of State, of
which the honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] has been the faithful and fearless pilot, that 1
am not afraid to attend upon him still during the
short voyage for which it would seem he has con- ^
eluded to embark. Could I suppose it possible that
the rumors, which have reached us relative to the
present opinions of Father Mathew upon the
question of slavery were true, or that he was ca-
pable of abetting ill the least degree, either by
word or deed, the schemes of unprincipled fac-
tionists, whose sentiments and policy are so fiercely
and efficiently represented upon this floor, instead
of uniting in a proceeding intended to do him
special honor, I should not hesitate to refuse him
even the kind and courteous hospitalities which
he everywhere so modestly and gracefully re-
ceives, as he journeys through the Republic. I
regret to learn, that, when addressed by citizens
of Alabama and Georgia, as to his views upon the
question of slavery, he either declined responding,
or responded by letters withheld from publication
at his own request. I think that in this transac-
tion he committed a great mistake, and one which
will greatly impair his efficiency as a champion of
temperance. But, until I receive conclusive evi-
dence to the contrary, I must believe that he still
adheres to the resolution which he assumed and
made public shortly after his arrival in this coun-
try, not to connect himself atall with any of the do-
mestic controversies in progress on this side of
the Atlantic. I well recollect the scene, which
occurred somewhere in the State of Massachu-
setts, between certain fierce abolition agitators
and Father Mathew, in which these wicked in-
cendiaries made a most indecent and ungentle-
manly attempt to inveigle this venerable personage
in their nefarious schemes, and to wield the influ-
ence of his name and character against the insti-
tutions of the South; and I have not forgotten the
dignified and severe rebuke which he administered
uAhese infatuated factionists, nor the scurrilous
denunciations which they showered down upon
him so plenteously afterwards. These facts are
too recent not to be recollected by all of us. 1 do
not wish to be understood as at all censuring the
action of the honorable Senator from Alabama,
[Mr Clemevs,] who has on this occasion grati-
fied his friends so highly, by one of the most bril-
liant parliamentary debuts that I have ever wit-
nessed His conduct evinces only that decent and
Draper respect for public sentiment in his own no-
ble State, specially inflamed by the circumstances
siateti by him, which a previous knowledge of his
character and history would have induced me to
anticipate from him upon an occasion like the
present. Nor did my gallant colleague, [Mr.
Davis,] in the eloquent harangue which he hag
just delivered in our hearing, utter one sentiment
