54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
Dec. 20,
to which I do not heartily respond. The rebuke
which he administered to the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,} ami his allies
in and out of this Hall, was richly deserved, as all
must have felt who heard it, save, perhaps, the
unhappy subjects themselves. And now, sir, let
me turn my attention particularly, for a moment
or two, to the Senator from the Empire State, ^ho
has so unauthorizedly advocated the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,} on the ground that Father Mathew is
an avowed abolitionist in opinion, and is on that
account worthy to receive special honor at the
hands of an American Senate. Why, sir, the
honorable Senator must have forgotten where he
was; he must have become suddenly oblivious of
• his official oath, which binds him to support the
Constitution of the United States, whose sacred
provisions guaranty perpetual protection to slavery
against all foes, either foreign or domestic; with-
out which protection, thus guarantied, the Con-
stitution itself would never have become part of
the supreme law of the land, or the Union ot these
States have been established upon foundations
which all true patriots hope may prove perpetual.
Sir, what object did the honoiable Senator from
New York purpose to attain by this extraordinary
display of the morning ? Is it his object merely to
monopolize the sympathies of the whole Irish and
Catholic population of the Republic; and, by ma-
king this resolution odious to all who respect the
vital principles which are embodied in our political
compact, and driving from its support all but the
avowed anti-slavery members of this body, thus
to establish exclusive claims to the future political
support of this numerous and respectable class of
American voters? Is it the acquisition of presi-
dential honors in 1852 that has bedazzled the fancy
of the honorable Senator from New York, and
prompted him to utter that calumnious and deeply
dishonoring panegyric upon the famed Missionary
of Temperance which has awakened in this Hall
bo profound a sentiment of surprise, of indigna-
tion, and of horror ? Did I regard Father Mathew
as deserving any part of the commendation be-
stowed upon him, in connection with the cause of
abolition, by the honorable Senator from New
York, instead of recognizing him as a noble phi-
lanthropist, I should feel compelled to class him
with thieves, and robbers, and murderers, and mid-
night incendiaries. Did I suppose that ihe honor-
able Senator from New York had been duly author-
ized to give expression to the sentiments of Father
Mathew upon the question of slavery, I should
regard it as insulting to this body to have his
nnmeeven uttered in our hearing. I must suppose,
until proof to the contrary shall be adduced, that
the honorable Senator from New York, whether
designedly or not I will not undertake to decide,
has done serious injustice to a worthy and unof-
fending personage, and that, in his fiery eagerness
to advancc a favorite but infamous cause, he has
attempted to drag to his aid the influence and pop-
ularity of a great and potential name, in a manner
that cannot fail to prove displeasing to all the dis-
interested friends of the temperance reform to be
found upon the habitableglobe. I venture to pre-
dict that the shrewd and sagacious Irish popula-
tion of the country will infallibly detect this most
bungling attempt to decoy them; and comprehend-
ing the lofty motives which actuated the honorable
Senator from the Empire State in setting on foot
this precious scheme of demagogical deception,
they will not fail, in due season, to reward the
author of it'according to his intrinsic deserts.
Sir, there was a classicsaying in the olden time,
which all of us doubtless remember: " Qjaod tetigit
id ornavitThe conduct of the honorable Sena-
tor from New York, and that of his abolition
associates and allies, here and elsewhere, is ex-
actly the reverse of this: whatever they touch they
defile; contact with them and their accursed cause
(politically speaking) is rank pollution; their coun-
sels are pregnant with destruction; the downfall of
free institutions is the natural and inevitable result
of their malevolent devices. On thi3 particular
occassion the honorable Senator from New York,
professing his desire to evince his personal respect
for one who stands but little in need of his super-
serviceabie praises, has signally discredited the
subject of his laudations, and awakened more or
less of prejudice in the bosoms where, but for the
officious zeal of which I am complaining, naught
but sentiments of kind respect and generous sym-
pathy would have found admittance. The honor-
able Senator will not be offended, 1 trust, if 1 state
to him that he has, on this occasion, rather pain-
fully awakened a forensic reminiscence of former
years, which, but for him, wauld perhaps never
have risen up m my memory again.
I once witnessed a trial of two criminals upon a
capital charge. They were defended rather un-
skilfully by a young and inexperienced attorney,
who had spoken about an hour, with about as
much heat and animation, at least, as has been
exhibited by the honorable Senator from New
York in the assertion of Father Mathew's claims
to Senatorial honors. The young advocate had
got through with about half of his speech*, the
evidence, so far as one of the alleged malefactors
was concerned, had been discussed, and the case*
of the associate culprit was about to be presented.
The judge, who was a decidedly humane man,
and had been greatly agonized with the damning
character of the defence set up for the accused,
bent forward from the bench, and thus addressed
the unfatigued defender of persecuted innocence:
" Young man, you have already secured the con-
viction of one of your unfortunate clients, and I
admonish you that if you have any wish that the
other should be acquitted, you will decline utter-
ing a single word in his vindication." The young
lawyer took the hint and desisted, and his client ;
escaped the gallows, it is to be hoped that Father >
Mathew will be lucky enough to avoid the de-
struction with which he is threatened by the fatal
advocacy of the Senator from New York, who,
from the period of his noted contest with the State
of Virginia upon the subject of the surrender of
fugitive slaves, has been distinguished as an ultia
abolition agitator, and an open and undisguised
assailant ot the most venerated guarantees of the
Constitution.
In conclusion, I will take the liberty of warning
that Senator that a period has almost arrived when
even his eloquent tongue will be stilled upon his
favorite topic. The time is not far distant when
even such a formally prepared, prosy, and well-
conned speech as that which he uttered this morn-
ing in our hearing will be impatiently listened to,
it listened to at all, by this august assembly, when
the enlightened and patriotic people of this great
Republic will indignantly denounce the noisy
agents of faction who have so long disturbed the
public repose by unseemly and profitless wrang-
Imgs, and command th-em to be silent, and silent
forever, whilst the Constitution and its guarantees
will ride triumphant over all obstacles which a
perverse sophistry has raised up to obstruct the
progress of twenty millions of people to a state of
felicity, of power, and of grandeur never before
attained by any civilized nation; when perject
justice will be seen to prevail throughout our bor-
ders; when the absolute equality of the sovereign
States of this Confederacy shall be universally ac-
knowledged; when the domestic institutions of all
the States shall be made effectually secure against
the malign assaults of all foes, whether open and
direct, or covert and insidious; when the real
enemies of the Constitution, as our fathers framed
it, shall be universally recognized as the real
enemies of the Union for which that Constitution
has provided; when the good sense and sound
patriotism of the North shall nobly concede to the
South her long-withheld rights, arid the South in
her turn shall punish the vile traitors within her
own confines who have conspired for her over-
throw with undying infamy; and a day of resplend-
ent glory shall dawn upon our country, before
whose brightness all nations of earth shall stand
in wondering admiration, and the page of history
be adorned with such scenes of moral grandeur
and social beatitude as have never been portrayed
heretofore by human pen or pencil.
Ye , sir, the day is not distant—it is even now
at hand—when/action shall no longer be permitted
to encumber the machinery of government; when
a patient and forbearing people will submit no fur-
ther to be burdened with all the enormous expen-
ses of government,without any of the benefits of
actual legislation; when a few wicked an4 reckles"s
demagogues in Congress will be no longer per-
mitted to embroil our public councils with seditious
declamation, and put the happiness of the whole
Republic in imminent peril, in order to earn for
themselves a little dishonorable notoriety ; and
when the wretched champions of abolition and
free-soil shall mourn in sackcloth and ashes over
all the mischief which they have engendered, and
seek in retirementand obscurity that immunity for
offences perpetrated, and for still greater offences
projected but counteracted, for which they will be
indebted alone to the magnanimity of the people
whom they have sought to betray and to ruin.
Mr. MANGUM. AJf. President, I have lived
so long, sir, and have witnessed so many scenes
in the Senate Chamber, that I am not, by any
means, surprised at the present one. [f 1 had
been called upon to express an opinion as to the
propriety,originally,of introducing this resolution,
I should have considered it entirely unnecessary
to offer it, because we ail knew that by daily usage
the vigilance of the Chair sleeps over the infrac-
tion of rules to permit the practice of courtesy j
and had any member of this body chosen to intro-
duce the reverend and distinguished gentleman to-
whom this resolution refers upon the floor of this
house, I presume that no objection would have
been made. I should have expressed an opinion,
therefore, adverse to the introduction of the reso-
lution. But, sir, if there be any occasion on which
anew precedent may be established, I think the
case of Father Mathew is one of peculiar strength.
I cannot deem it necessary to reiterate what has-
been so well said respecting the virtues and phi-
lanthropy of this distinguished gentleman. The
tribute proposed is an homage due to the virtues'
and claims upon our respect and veneration of the
greatest benefactor of the age in which we live—-
one who has done more than any one else to re-
strain his countrymen from a vice, that, perhaps,
has destroyed more of its victims tha-n the most
insidious pestilence.
Sir, in conferring honor ur>on a distinguished
philanthropist, what may be his opinions on the
subject of slavery I neither know nor do I inquire.
I have no sensibility, sir, that can be excited by
such small matters as the expression of any senti-
ments as a mere individual opinion. 1 suppose
that nobody can misconceive my general senti-
ments in connection with the subject of slavery;
but,sir, this institution, whether for weal or forwo,
may defy such weak assaults. It is based upon a
foundation that may defy danger from such a
cause, and scorn to exhibit any apprehension in
relation to its stability or justification. Sir, I do-
not suffer that consideration to weigh a feather.
i am willing to make this preeedent,if thire has
been no such precedent hitherto. I know of none;
but 1 am willing to make one, as an homage to an
individual who is, as I have already said, the
greatest benefactor of mankmd in the present age.
I have never laid my eyes upon this distinguished
man, but I revere his character, and I would ex-,
tend to him every testimonial of courtesy; and if
I had the means, there is no benefit which an hon-
orable man could bestow, or an honorable man
receive, which 1 would not willingly confer upon
him.
I do hope that we shall not allow this discussion
to run off into matters wholly unconnected with it,
and upon which there will be future occasions—
perhaps too many of them—for uttering the opin-
ions and professions of this entire body. I an**
willing to extend this privilege to this distinguished
gentleman, from considerations of strict personal
courtesy, and a fitting testimonial of that homage
which we all feel for a character like his. «
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I was some-
what surprised, sir, when I heard this resolution
offered. It appeared to rae as extraordinary and
unnecessary. As it is before the Senate for its
action, I would not have any inference drawn from
the vote that I shall give upon this occasion, of
censure upon the reverend gentleman whose name
is before the Senate; for f am strongly inclined to
believe that he is not fully understood hy the gen-
tlemen on either side who have spoken on the
subject. I happened to be in Columbia when a
message was received by a very distinguished
gentleman—a friend of mine—who has taken.a
leading part in the temperance movement in South
Carolina, and m many of the southern States,
That gentleman had just received a letter from
Judge Lumpkin, of Georgia, who had, in some
measure, discouraged Father Mathew from visiting
that State, but who wished to confer with my
friend upon the subject. He had received a letter
from the North, I do not think it was directly
from this gentleman himself; but his inference was.
that Father Mathew intended to keep aloof, as far
as possible, from being used by any of the political
