1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
purpose of strengthening the arm of this political
party. He replied to claims which had been as-
serted, in the course of the debate, that the views
of Mr. Jefferson on the subject of slavery corre-
sponded with those of this northern party. He
pronounced all such statements to be a slander
upon the illustrious dead; and proceeded to show,
by citations from Mr. Jefferson's letters, in 1821,
to the elder Adams, (on the subject of the Missouri
compromise,) and to General La Fayette in 1823,
that, however his opinions might originally, or even
at that time, in the abstract, have been opposed
to the institution of slavery, yet that he had no
sympathy with that party whose object was to
trample under foot the rights of half the States of
the Union. He cited also the declaration of Rufus
King, (of another school of politics,) to show that
the controversy which resulted in the adoption of
the Missouri compromise, was a struggle for po-
litical power. Comingdown to more recent times,
he adverted to the unexampled virulence which
had signalized later issues.
He alluded to the war waged,he said, by a dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, now no
more, [John Q,uincy Adams,] in which it had been
avowed on all occasions that the object was to
gain political power. In that controversy, which
had kept up in the House of Representatives a
continual state of excitement, whose vihrations had
been felt in every quarter of the Union, it had
been openly avowed that the great object was to
secure the political ascendency of the North by
getting rid of that portion of representation in the
southern States which was based upon the institu-
tion of slavery. That gentleman had introduced
an amendment to the Constitution, the ultimate
aim of which was to abolish slavery in the South.
Not only had he done so, but he came on to this
floor, bearing with him the wishes and sentiments
of his State;" for he presented here the resolutions
of the Legislature of Massachusetts, asking the
adoption of an amendment to the Constitution, so
as to get rid of that portion of the representation
of the slave States which was based upon sla-
very. He (Mr. C.) intended to refer to these
propositions, if he had time, in another portion of
his remarks. He had adverted to them for the
purpose of showing that the present difficulty did
not originate in the" acquisition of these territories,
but that that acquisition was used as the instrument
of effecting a long-settled and cherished purpose
on the part of northern politicians. He did not
apply these re-narks to the great masses of the
northern people, and most especially not to the
Democracy of the North.
He then proceeded to notice the argnment which
had been urged, that if the opposition to the an-
nexation of Texas had succeeded, this trouble
never would have arisen. Suppose Texas had
not been annexed, what, he asked, would have
been the condition of the country ? That very
equilibrium which the true friends of the South
earnestly desired to preserve, would before now
have been broken up by the admission of Iowa
and Wisconsin. The North would have had
majorities in both branches of Congress. By the
admission of Texas tins equilibrium had hitherto
been preserved. Had it not been so, the South
could no longer have maintained her rights in
either branch of the Capitol. The North would
have had the giant's strength, and might, if she
chose, have used it like a giant to accomplish the
purposes for which she had so long contended.
And he vindicated the annexation of Texas, and
his own course infavorof that measure, even if it
could be shown that the Mexican war was the re-
sult of that annexation. Since then a sort of
hereditary disease, of which the present difficulty
■was but one phase, had prevailed. And it became
very important to inquire whether any plan of
adjustment could be devised. He was anxious
that a settlement should be effected, but entertained
serious doubts as to its practicability. He had
examined all the propositions which had been sub-
mitted, with the limited capacity winch he had
been able to bring to the inquiry, and under all
the disadvantages of a state of health which ren-
dered it impossible for him to labor very much
upon anything. There were terms which he was
willing to take, but he did not think that they could
be obtained. He was willing to plant himself on
that which he considered the Democratic doctrine
of the country—growing out of a strict construc-
tion of the Constitution—based as that doctrine
was upon the right of the sovereign States of this
Union to regulate their own domestic concerns—
based as it was upon th$ doctrine that the General
Government should in no manner interfere between
the people of the different sections of the Union in
relation to their private and local institutions. He
was willing to plant himself upon the doctrine
that a State, when she asked admission into the
Union, had a right to determine her own local
institutions. In other words, he was willing to
plant himself on the doctriue of non-intervention.
This was no new doctrine to him. He had suc-
cessfully maintained it two years ago.
He was willing to accept a bill that should or-
ganize territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, without any interference on the part of
the General Government in the question of sla-
very; and with these measures he was willing to
couple a bill for the admission of California into
the Union as a State, leaving her people to settle
forthemselves their own local rights—as Kentucky
had claimed the right to do for herself, and as she
had recently done. He was well aware of the
grave objections which existed to the admission of
California with her present constitution and bound-
aries. As a separate measure—apart from the
interests and feelings which, under present circum-
stances, were inseparably connected with it—he
would have voted against it. These objections he
briefly noticed. But in a liberal spirit of com-
promise and con-ession, and in the anxious wish
of his heart to restore peace to the country, he
would concede this point if, on the other hand,
such concessions were made as would secure the
s'ettlement of both questions. By these terms, it
was true, the South would not obtain all which
she ought to have; but one thing she would obtain
State, with a constitution guarantying, slavery
throughout its entire limits; but, not content with
the "equilibrium " thus obtained, a southern Pres-
ident had involved the country in war for the ex-
tension of slavery. He did not charge that all
who voted for the annexation of Texas meant to
extend slavery; but he must be a cursory observer
who did not see that the object with which the war
was commenced and carried on was to acquire ter-
ritory over which to extend slavery. " Indem-
nity for the past and security for the future," was
the watchword with the Democratic supporters of
the war; but it was well known that no other
"indemnity" could be procured from a Republic
wbose treasury was bankrupt, and who could not
even pay her own officers, than a cession of terri-
tory. " Indemnity " meant a considerable portion
of the territory of Mexico; that territory was sought
for the purpose of extending slavery and perpetu-
ating the "equilibrium " He had voted against
the war at the outset, and at all subsequent times
against prospective measures for its prosecution.
He claimed none of its glory; he shared none of
its guilt. During its progress the South had been
warned by himself and by others to beware, lest if
they acquired territory from Mexico the Wilmot
proviso might be extended over it.
Slavery, he said, had already been excluded
from California—he trusted in God it would be
from the remaining territories—not by this House,
(for he had not much confidence in it,) but through
the people demanding and insisting upon it. The
northern Representatives, if they truly represented
their people, would be unanimously in favor of
the application of the proviso to the territories.
The dread of the proviso, the gentleman from
Kentucky had told them, had kept slavery out of
California. If it had accomplished nothing else,
peace, and the Union would be preserved, and the , - _ ...
Representatives of southern interests could return ;! it had done this, and he hoped its effects would be
home with an untarnished honor to their people. :j still further felt in excjudiag slavery from the re-
Thev would get rid of that which, if adopted, '■! maining territories.
would have left the South no alternative but dis- j! He referred to the history of the resolution of-
union or dishonor—in other words, of the Wilmot ]j fered by himself in the early part of the last ses-
nroviso. Two years ago the South could have got j si"", instructing the Committee on Territories to
more. Since then things had materially changed, j: report a bill establishing territorial governments
Two years ago the South could have got non-inter-I1 tor California and New Mexico, and excluding
vention and territorial governments over the whole >j slavery therefrom, and briefly glanced at thea^tion
of this acquired territory. And he designated the i; of his colleague [Mr. Vinton] and of the Whigs
causes which had produced the change. Among j of the House generally thereon, arguing their un-
tbese was the adoption, by a sudden process, ofa [; willingness to meet the question upon a recorded
State constitution for California, to which, as
a territory, southern men had been prevented
from emigrating with their property by the appre-
hension of the adoption of the Wilmot proviso.
And this state of things suggested one important
consideration: could the South hope to remain in   . ... .
! the Union and preserve her rights, her equality, '! Representatives, and reiterating and enforcing he
land her honor? As the equilibrium had been | positions tn which he had heretofore impugned the
broken up, the South could no longer rely on its r P°i'i'cal£°SI5S°[T
numerical strength in either Bouse. Could she, ■
in this exigency, appeal to any portion of the
| vote, and commenting upon their declaration that
i the resolution was "premature." He then pro-
1 ceeded at length to review the controversies whi^h
| have heretofore occurred between himself and Mr.
! Winthrop, replying to portions of the most re-
! cent speeches of that gentleman in the House'of
North to sustain her? He referred to the hisfori-
| cal records of the country to show that this appeal
; had never been made in vain; that the Democratic
party in every section of the country had hereto-
fore sustained the rights of the South, and that to
them, and them alone, the South must now again
appeal. The Democratic party had never joined
in the crusade of the Federal party of the North
for political ascendency. He referred to the votes
on the admission of Texas, on the proposition of
I Mr. Adams to open diplomatic relations with
San Domingo, on the twenty-first rule, and other
political questions, as illustrating the correctness
of his position. If any support or help was to be
obtained from members residing North of Mason '
and Dixon's line, they must be found on the ,
Democratic side of this Chamber. If men were
not to be found there who would stand by the
South, and who would see that even-handed justice [
was meted out to her, all hope would vanish, <
and the South, in that event, must either submit |
ignominiouslv to disgrace in the Union, or she ;
must dissolve it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, then obtained the
floor, and addressed the committee during the
hour. He desired, he said, to make no effort of
display, and the committee would bear him wit-
ness that it was not his habit to trespass upon its
time. He intended to read, in a very quiet tone,
the remarks which it was his desire to submit.
He did so in order that he might not say anything
which he did not design to say, and that he might
say the things which it was his wish to say. He
earnestly advocated a union of the people of the
States of the South, for the defence and preserva-
tion of the South. This was a policy, the neces-
sity of which he could not have dreamed of, until
he had seen what was going on before and around
him. He referred to the conflicts of interest and
of feeling which existed under the old Confedera-
tion, to which were to be attributed the formation
of the Constitution, and the existence of the just
and happy Government which it had called into
being. But for the determined, sectional spirit
which then existed, this Government would never
have been made the just and equal Government
which it was designed to be. It had, however,,
been diverted from its true and legitimate purposes,
Mr. C. then "proceeded to notice^ the charge of ;( and would soon become oppressive, if suffered to
disunion which had been made against the South. \\ do so.
He had but just entered upon this point of his re-
marks when—the hammer fell. <
Mr. ROOT conceded that the gentleman from j
Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell,] had been nearer right ,
m siving the cause of the present difficulty grow- ;
ing out of the slavery question, than most other ,
o-entlemen who had undertaken to account for |
i Them. Texas (he said) was admitted as a slave I
He adverted to the violations of the Constitu-
tion, which had been committed in the North, in
respect to fugitive slaves—to thecd^eof the ''Cre-
ole"—-to the hostility which had been manifested
towards the South, as evidenced in the proceed-
ings of the Government in the case of California,
and to the existence of a great sectional party,
which numbered in its ranks men of all political
