1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
parties of the United Slates, and that he wished to
confine himself exclusively to the cause of tem-
perance, which he had so long and so faithfully
served. In doing that, he had a difficult part to
play; and in endeavoring to do it, it may be that
he has given occasion for being misunderstood at
boih ends of the Union. The inference 0/ my
friend was, that so far from his sentiments being
against the South, his views were quite liberal,
and especially that he was in favor of—in accord-
ance with the spirit of oar institutions—the idea
that the people of the whole country were entitled
to the equal enjoyment of the Territories which
belong to all. However, in this, sir, t may not
be correctly representing the sentiments of the
reverend gentleman; I speak only of the impres-
sion that was left upon the mind of my friend,
But, sir, 1 shall vote to lay the resolution on the
table for a different reason. It is an extraordinary
resolution. ( do not remember any precedent for
it as having occurred during the period that [ have
been here. And, sir, if Father MUchew had been
introduced into this hall by the invitation of any
member of the Senate—I will not say any distin-
guished member, but by any member of the Senate
—I believe that no objection would have arisen
from any quarter, and there would have been no
occasion for establishing this precedent.
Mr. President, it is well known that the prece-
dent of to-day is the prescription of to-morrow;
and if you pass a resolution of this kind, you will,
in spite of the avowal of gentlemen, have it mingled
with politics, and perhaps with New York politics
—I make no allusion to gentlemen's motives—
perhaps to the politics of this section or of that
section.
Father Mathew's name might be used by those
who choose to do so for purposes, perhaps, very
far remote from those which' he would choose to
entertain. It is on account of this that I do not
choose to designate him, by the passage of this
resolution, as an extraordinary man, though doubt-
less he may be an extraordinary man. I do not
choose to put him upon the same historical page
with Lafayette ; and, as the precedents of the Sen-
ate can make history by an extraordinary move*
ment of this kind, I am not prepared to cheapen
the privileges and honors of this Senate Chamber.
These are my views, and for these reasons I
forbear wholly, Mr. President, to enter upon the
discussion of some topics which have been so freely
indulged here. I look upon them  also, with too
profound an interest to make them the subject of
declamatory remark on collateral questions of this
sort. I know that these issues will come; and
when they do come, I wish them to come in the
gravest and most imposing form, for the delibera-
tions of this body.
Mr. DICKINSON. An honorable Senator has
thought proper to introduce a resolution, giving to
this distinguished stranger, and great moral re-
former the privileges of this floor. He is believed
to have accomplished great good, both in the Old
World and the New, in advancing the temperance
reformation; to which mission of good-will and
field of labor here he has been studiously confined.
These are doubtless the reasons which induced
the introduction of the resolution, and are the rea-
sons, and the only reasons, why I shall vote for
it. The other questions which have been intro-
duced here I will neather entertain nor discuss. As
has already been said, they will be upon us soon
enough, and be sufficiently embarrassing when
necessarily and directly presented, and to such
time let them stand postponed.
Mr. BADGER, i agree, Mr. President, with
the remarks which have been m-ade by my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Mangum,] that this resolu-
tion should not have been introduced; but I do not
agree that inasmuch as it has been introduced,
when it ought not to have been, that fact should
furnish a reason for voting in favor of it.
I wish, sir, to state the reasons why I vote as I
intend to do, without complicating the question
with a collateral question either of temperance or
abolition. The Senate, in my judgment, ought
not to adopt this resolution In the first place, sir,
it is a resolution without a precedent, so far as I
know, and so far as I am able to hear from gen-
tlemen around me, who have been for a much lon-
ger time members of, and acquainted with the
precedents of this body, i say, sir, it is a resolu-
tion withouta precedent, because it isimpossibleto
suppose that the case of U-eneral Lafayette can be
55
considered as forming a precedent for a case like
this.
He stands upon such grounds of preeminence
as distinguish him necessarily fro n any and from
every man, not a citizen of the United States, to
whom honors could be proposed by the people of
the United States. It is, then, the establishment
of a precedent. And now, Mr. President, let us
look a little ahead, and see the consequences to be
produced by establishing this precedent.
In refusing to adopt this resolution—in laying
this resolution on the table, a31 intend to propose
doing, upon the grounds which I have suggested—
we pass no judgment upon the merits of the rever-
end gentleman to whom the resolution refers. But
if this resolution be adopted, what is to be the
consequence? This session, the next session,
and, so far as we can see, for an illimitable, inter-
minable period of time, we are to have successive
resolutions presented to this body for granting spe-
cial privileges and favors to distinguished individ-
uals. We must pass them all, or reject them all,
or pass judgment upon the merits of the individ-
uals whose names are submitted to us. By re-
jecting some and adopting others, every time that
one is rejected it is a declaration of this Senate
against the fitness of the individual to be admitted
to the honors conferred on proper occasions by
this body. We shall thus be compelled, at the
instance of any member of the Senate, to pass a
judgment of the Senate that any individual is or
is not a proper person to be admiited to the privi-
lege of a seat upon this floor. ( see no necessity,
in that case, for the rules of the Senate with re-
gard to the privileges of this floor. The rules are
general, and they apply not to persons individ-
ually, but to classes of persons And with regard
to military personages, the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [VIr. Cass,} it seems to me, slightly
misunderstands the rule of the Senate. No mili-
tary man, as such, is entitled to admission on this
floor, be his merits whatever they may. It is only
those military officers who have, by name, re-
ceived a vote of thanks from Congress for distin-
guished military services. All our rules are rules
respecting classes, and there I leave them. 1 do
not wish to see the Senate embarrassed with the
consideration of successive individual precedents,
involving the necessity of discussing particular
merits and particular persons. What will be the
consequence? Supposing a resolution is brought
forward in favor of some gentlemen who have
served gallantly in the defence of their country,
but who have not been distinguished by a special
vote of thanks, and who, therefore, under the gen-
eral rule or the Senate, are not entitled to admis-
sion within this bar: shall we vote it down? If
we establish this precedent of conferring privileges
upon eminent strangers who visit our country for
purposes laudable—surely, but no more laudable
certainly than the fearless bravery.of those who
gallantly defend their country—how, then, shall
we draw the line of distinction? I am not, there-
fore for embarrassing myself. I do not wish to
see the Senate embarrassed with these endless
complications of individual merit. If the Senate
wishes any illustration of what will be the conse-
quence following from the establishment of this
precedent, why, have we not a sufficient one here
before us to-day in the discussion which has
sprung up upon this resolution ? I, for one, am
not disposed to embark in any such experiment.
As my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
said, I do not wish to be considered as expressing
any opinion of disrespect or slight estimation for
the reverend gentleman whose name is before us.
I esteem him highly for his exertions in the cause
of benevolence. I wish only to keep the Senate
clear from the embarrassments which I have pointed
out. I would prefer, therefore, to vote to lay this
resolution on the table—not as passing any judg-
ment upon the individual, but upon the ground
that it is a subject not proper to be entertained by
the Senate. If there is no other gentleman who
desires to be heard upon the question, I will re-
new the motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The motion to lay on the table being withdrawn—
Mr. DOWNS said: Mr. President, I regret that
this resolution was introduced. In much that the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] has
said against the expediency of.adopting such reso-
lutions, I concur, tinder ordinary circumstances
1 would vote against such a resolution. It is said
that the only precedent for such a case is that of
Lafayette. If this be so, need we fear that the
precedent will be often invoked? While applied
to such cases only as Lafayette and Father
Mathew, can there be a reasonable objection to it?
Another case such as tbese may not occur for half
a century; and when it does, I can see rio danger
in following the precedent.
If 1 thought for a moment that there was any-
thing in the past history of the individual to wtiotn
this resolution applies, or that there was likely to
be anything in his opinions advocated, or in his
conduct in his proposed visit to the South, inimi-
cal to our interests or hostile to our opinions, then
I would certainly be one of the first to oppose Kim.
But is this the case? 1 think not. It is said that
long ago, before he came to America, he expressed
opinions opposed to slavery. Well, suppose ha
did; is it reasonable or proper in us of the South
to require of him to retract these opinions? He
comes among us, not as a propagandist either of
religious or political doctrines, but on a benevolent
mission of humanity , to make mankind better and
happier, like the Saviour of the world who prece-
ded him—on a mission scarcely less divine. He
has, when approached, refused to commit himself,
or in any manner to interfere in public affairs or
opinions on that subject in our country. Is not this
a course which all must approve of? Could he with
propriety, or without defeating the success of his
mission, have pursued a different course? For
myself, I confess, coming to the United States for
the benevolent purpose he did—an object to be ac-
complished in no particular section and by no par-
ticular party or sect, but throughout our broatj
land, from north to south and from east to wgst,
and by the cooperation of the well-disposed of all
—if he had taken any part in political discussions,
or obtruded his opinions on all occasions, I should
not have approved of his course, even if it had been
in favor of our side of the q estion, but should have
considered him wanting in that wisdom and dis-
I cretion necessary for the success of his mission.
Besides, sir, we of the South believe ourselves to
be right in our opinions on the subject of slavery;
that our course will bear the test of scrutiny and
' examination; that people abroad entertain eirone-
i ous opinions of our institutions, which would be
! removed by visiting our country and ascertaining
j the true state of the case. Would it not, then, be
i inexpedient and unwise to ask Father Mathew,
before he has visited one section of the country,
and had an opportunity of judging for himself, to
etiange opinions previously formed ? Would the
world say this was the conduct of a people confi-
! dent of the justice of their cause, or would not it
[ rather say there is something to conceal, or there
would not be such precautions? For myself, I do
not believe that he has evinced any disposition to
interfere in our institutions. On the contrary, it
seems to be admitted on all sides, that when ap-
proached by the abolitionists on the subject, he re-
fused to concur with them in their views, or give
them any encouragement. But even if he was so
disposed, i have too much confidence in the justice
of our cause and the strength of our institutions
to suppose he could do us any harm.
Mr. President, I shall vote for this resolution
upon another ground. This distinguished gentle-
man is upon a mission which I consider of vast
importance to the people of the United States and
to all the world. I believe his efforts are to be of
immense advantage, and I concur in the object of
them; and I wish them success, and am disposed
to advance them in every possible way. I pre-
sume there is not a single individual in this Senate
but will use his utmost endeavors to promote that
object,
Mr. President, I connot see the occasion for
offering this resolution; but, since it has been
offered, let it be considered andjiassed. I beg my
southern friends to reflect upon the rejection of this
resolution, before this venerable gentleman makes
his departure to our own section of the country.
He is engaged in a benevolent mission, and per-
haps, if he is so unapprovingly received by the
Senate ofthe United States, it will lessen the good
effects of his mission, and paralyze his efforts, and
take away the great advantages that will accrue to
the United States through his exertions, and to our
section, as well as others.
I ask my southern friends if the movement will
not be impolitic? To give their disapprobation of
the gentleman's conduct would be as much as to
say that he ought not to go among us. I am sura
