1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
opinions, whose sole object was opposition to the
interests and rights of the South. And he asked
whether the. South was tamely to submit to such
encroachments, or whether her sons were to be
denounced as di^nn'onisfs because they protested
against them. The Government was to be sus-
tained only so lon^ as, in the fulfillment of the
ju<*t purposes of its creation, it gave equal secu-
rity and protection to the rights and interests of
all pnities. It existed only in the affections of its
constituent parts. Sweep that away, and the
Government would and ou^ht to fail. The South,
therefore, must unite. She must diive from her
bosom those who would not sustain and defend
her. Her or.ly hone was in firm and united re-
sistance to oppression.
He then proceeded, at considerable length, to
reply to the speech made some weeks nso by Mr.
Stanly. He denounced what he declared to be
the northern predilections and destructive princi-
ples of that gentleman, and the insidious blow
which he had aimed at the harmony and peace of
his southern brethren.
He advocated the adoption of the Missouri com-
promise line. Ft had, he said, been the policy of
the country for thirty years. It had been a happy
policy. It had given peace, unity, and brother-
hood. It should be adopted now, and the South
shou'd refuse to accept any proposition less satis-
factory. It had been carried out in the case of
Oie,?on and Texas. Under that policy the South
would obtain not more than one-third of the terri-
tory, whilst the North would acquire two-thirds.
The South believed itself entitled to half; but as
the North would not assent to that, the South was
willing; to accept one-thiid. The North, however,
declared that the South should not have a foot of
it. If one-third was given, the South did not even
ask that it should be guarantied to he slave terri-
tory, but was willing that the people should, at
the proper time, adopt their own laws, and ex-
clude slavery if they desired. But nothing but
exclusion, immediate, total, absolute, exclusion
from the entirety of our common acquisitions,
would satisfy the North. The demand was im-
perious and urgent. He argued that the Demo-
cratic parly hud made a great mistake during the
last canvass, in abandoning the Missouri com-
promise policy for the new doctrine of non inter-
vention; and that had they not done so, the whole
difficulty might have been settled on that basis.
Mr DUN CAN, after brief preliminary lemaiks,
in which he expressed his unwavering devotion
to the Union as it is, and to the Constitution, with
all us compromises, proceeded to say that he was
in favor of the admission of California with her
present consiitution and boundaiies; in favor of
the exclusion of slavery fiom Utah and New
Mexico, if teintorial bills fir those territories
were presented; of a jo-stand proper measure for
the settlement of the boundary of Texas; of the
abolition of i he slave trade in the Did net of Colum-
bia, and of the extinction of slavery therein when-
ever requiied by the voice of the people of the
Distiict, and Congress weie willing to indemnify
the owners; and of any proper bill to carry into
effect that clause of the Constitution providing for
the reclamation of fugitive slaves. He devoted
t\\?. gieater part of his hour to the dcfence and en-
forcement of these propositions.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, was next recog-
nized by the Chairman, and yielded the floor foi
0 motion to ri«e, to
Mr DUEU, who said, that before making that
motion, he wished, wiih the leave of the gentle-
man from Georgia, to  ive notice of a bill which
he might move hereafter, embodying a plan of
pctilement of some of the difficulties arising out of
our recent teiriioial acquisitions, and the subject
of slavery as connected therewith: the bdl which
he held in his hand pioposed an adjustment of the
boundaiies of Texns, hy means of a convention
with that State; and then it provided for the ad-
mission of New Mexico, and ultimately of the
jpsulueof the acquired territory under the name
of Utah, as States into the Union. He wished to
8'tv that in drafting this bill, he had not sought
otiginality: on the contrary he had endeavored to
avoid if. The bill was founded on the principle
recommended to us by the President of the United
States, and vva* in accordance with his policy, ex-
cept upmi nne point—the settlement of the bound-
aries of Texas. Upon that point the President
had recommended no specific plan; and he,(Mr. D.,)
after much reflection, had adopted, with a few
changes, th^ provisions, and indeed the very lan-
guage, of the compromise plan proposed in the
Senate. He was aware of the existence of strong
objections to this feature of that plan; but there was
an urgent necessity for action upon this question,
and no mode of settlement had suggested itself to
his mtnd which was not liable to ev°n greater objec-
tion. He did not wish to be considered as offering
this bill, but he presented it thatit might b* printed,
and read by gentlemen, reserving fo himself the lib-
erty to offer if or not hereafter. He desired also to
say that he did not bring it forward as embodying
his individual views and opinions upon ail points,
which it did not by any means; but as a practica
hie proposition, and one that to his mind was less
objectionable than any measure likely to be success-
ful. In that view he wished it printed and con-
sidered; and in the emergencies that might occur,
he reserved it to himself to decide, when and how
he should offer it, or whether or not he should
offer it at all.
The contemplated amendment is as follows:
A BILL fo 7i5'0vide for the •settlement of the honnrhtry of
and to authorize the pcojle of New Mexico and
Utah to foim constitutions and State governments* and for
the admi^'on of such Sti'fo into the Union on an equal
footing v'dh the oiiginal States.
Win rea*. doubt exM* a? to tlie true boundaries between
the State of Texas and the territories of Hie United States;
therefore, for the purpose of removing such doubt, and de-
te mimticr the bound iries aforesaid :
Beit enacted bathe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled* That
Hu- following proportion* ..hall be, and hereby are, offered
to the State of Texas, which, being agreed to bv the said
State, m an act pi«wed hy the Genera! Assembly thereof,
within months fiom the day of the passage of this
act. «hall be binding and obligatory on the United States :
First. The northern boundary of said Sla'e is iieicbv de-
elan d to be a> follows: Beginning at the point on the Rio
d' | Norte, commonly called El Pa*o. and running up that
i iver twenty mile*, inea-med hy a straight line thereon, a d
thence eastuaidlyto a point where ihe hundredth degree ol
west longitude crosses Rt d river, being the southwest angle
in the line designated between the United States and Mex-
ico, and the same angle in the. line of the territory >et apart
for the Tndnns, In the United States.
Seond TheUmnd State- relinquishes to the State of
Texas all right and claim which tliev mav have to any ter-
i itory l\ ing -.omli of the line aforesaid. And Ihe said State
of Texas relinquishes to the United Stale* all light ami
clann winch it may have to any territory l>ing north of the
said line.
Third. The State of Texas relinquishes to ihe United
Staler a'! cl.iim upon them, for liability for any portion of
the d> bts of Texa-, and for compensation and tnd< inn it v for
the smreeder fo the United States of her ships, forts, arse-
nal*, custom houses, revenue denved from foreign import?,
.n nts ami munitions o| war, ami public building., with tli'dr
*ites. which became the property of the United States at the
time of the annexation o! Texas.
Fourth. The United Slates, m eon«idein!inn of the three
preceding articles, and considering that to a portion of the
creditors of Texas were pleilged the duties on foieigi im-
ports, receivable in her ports, as a secur tv for the ieim-
biir-rment til ihe loan*, and advances which they made to
the said State, and that Ihe said duti «.«mee the annexation
of ihe <-nid Slat" to the United State*, have been iceeivrd.
and are receivable bv iliem, will pay to the State of Texas
ihe mi:ii of dollars, in a slot k hern i. g five p i cent
interest, pavahle half vearlv at the Trea ury of the United
States, the principal to he n deemahle ai the end of fo >rter n
\ ears ; which s nil •.lock -.hall he fir*f app'ied to the extinc-
tion of any debt for which the duties on i . poiN weic
pledged as aforesaid, and lit" residue thereof in mu h man-
ner 's the ^iitd State uinydireci: P>orided< That nothing
herein contained i-< to he con-inn <1 io irnph or admit The
hahihivof ihe United States for any portion of the public
debr of Texas.
Fifth Jmmedi telv after Ihe President of the United
S nte-j shall have officiallv recei ved an fimhc tic copv of ihe
fct of the General Assenihlv of Texas, accepting in behalf of
Ihe said Stale, and comph ing on her part with these propo-
sinoris, he sljcill c ,ui<e the stock aforesaid to l«e !s*ij,. ,| anil
d'diveied to the lawful agent of ihe Stale of Tex l*, a^ pio-
vided for in the fourth article aforesa'd ; and tin* compact
sh.dl be binding and obligatory on the United r tales and the
sa d State nf Te.x i".
Sj/'i. If tin'said State of Texas shall not. within
calendar months accept, or ^hall lefnseo declin  fo accede
in the preceding aniens they become mill and void,
and ihe United Stales shall he remitted back to all their ter-
ntonal rights in the same state and condition as if these
•uncle* of compact had never been tendered to the accept-
ance of the Slate of Texas.
Sec 2 And be it further enacted. That if the propositions
in the last pieceding section confurted "hail be accepted by
ihe Stare of Texas, a- In-iein provided, then, upon the receipt
bv the President of the Uni'ed tales of an authentic copy
of the act of Texas accepting the -nine, if '.hall he hr.s duty
to make proclamation thereof; and ther upon, all that part
of the temioiv of ihe United Smics ,i< quired bv I he trfaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and which is not included within the
limit* of the Slate of Cahforma, nor within the lim s nf the
State of T< xn*. nor within the limits of the territoi v of Utalu
in this act atierward* pie--rribed, s{t:,ii |„ pjirt and
known by ihe natne of the {")i<trtct,of New Mexico
Sfc. 3 ,fl d he it fuither enacted. That the Mini of 
thou-and d <l!ar* i* hereby appropiiated, out or anv inonevs
in the Trea*nry not otlierwisH appropriated to be e\pcnd(d
under the direction of the President of the United States, in
paying such expenses as may have been incurred since the
final ratification of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, or as
may he incurred Hereafter bv Ihe people of the said District,
ia administering justice and preserving order therein, and
otheiwise at the discretion of ihe Prej-ident, for the benefit
and protection ot the people of ihe said distnet.
Sec. 4. And he it farther enncted, That it shall be the duly
of ihe Present of the United States, as soon as practicable
after the acceptance by Texas of the propositions aforesfiid>
fo divide, or cause to be divided, the said District of New
Mexico into a convenient number of ejection districts, for
the purpose ol holding an election to ohoo*e representatives
to a convention, to be convened for tht* purpose of forming
a constifuiiou and State government for the inhabitants of
said district; and it shall also he the duty of the President
to fix the time and plicesfor the holding of s.ud election,
find to fix the number of representatives thereto, and to
apportion the same among ihe said election di 'triet*, in pro-
portion,;^ nearly as may he. to thff numbers, so far as the
same can be ascertained, ol their inhabitant* re>peciivelj ;
and to make all necessary and proper regulations respecting
the mode of holding said election, the appointment of inspect-
ors to preside iheiear, the canvassing of ihe voff«, the ma-
king of ihe returns, and all other matter* appertaining to the
said election, and the ascertainment and proof of the result
thereof: Provided, '} hat the number of representatives to
the caul convention shah not be le*3 than thirty, nor more
than sixty.
Sisc.5. And be it further enacfcd* That all while tnalecifi-
zem. of the United States, including such persons formerly
Mexican citizens, as may have ejected under the provi io^s
of the treatv of Guadalupe Hidalgo aforesaid to become
citizens of the United States, who shall have arrived at the
age of twent\-one\ears, and'have n>ided in said district
six months previous to the election, shall be. and they are
heieby auiiorized to vote for representatives to the" said
convention; provided that they shall actually rende, and
shall have r<-jtie(| for thirty days previous to such election}
in the election district m whicli they mav offer to vote.
Sec. 6. And be it fartfvr enacted, That the said conven-
tion s-lial! meet and hold its session in the city of Santa F£,
at «uch lime as the President may appoint.
Sec. 7. And be H fuitker enacted, That a majority of the
said convention Jhall commute a quorum for* the transac-
tion of hu*ines.-, and that the said convention when mef,
shall (list determine win ther it be or be not expedient at
that time to foini a constitution and Stale government for
the people wiihin the said di>tiict; and il it be determined
to he expedient, the s-nid convention -h.il be, and hen by is,
aurhoi ized to form a con titutinn an t Si ue government.
Sfc.8. And be it further enacted. That upon the final
adoption of a constitution bv the said convention, the said
di«ti ict shall thereupon arid tb"iobv and without further
action ol Congress, become a State of the Union, by the
name of tlie State of New Mexico, upon the same footing
with the original Staffs in all rvsfiects uhfteycr: Provided,
That the said con>tmit!on shall be republican in its foim,
and provided, also, and upon ihe express condition that the
said convention shall, bv ,*u affirmative act, assent to and
ratify the following article*, n'tmelv :
Fint. That file people of the siiid State, through their
legislature or oiherwi*e, shall never mteifi re with the pri-
mary disposal of tlie public land.s vxiihin il* hunts, and *hall
pass no law. and do no act w hereby the title of the United
Staters to the light to dupose of the same, shall be unpaired
or questioned.
S< cond. That the said State shall never lay any tax* or as-
sessment of anv riescuption whatsoever upon* the public
domain of the United States, and shall in no case, tax non-
resident proprietor who ate citizcns of the United States
higher than residents.
Third. That all ihe navigable waters within the *nid State
shall be common highways, and forever free, a^ well to the
inhabitant* of said State as to the citizen* of the United
Slater, wiihont anv tav, dutv, or impost : Therefore,
Sec 9 And he it further cnatf&l, That when it shall be
shown to the President of the United State*, that ihe people
of the *atd district have by a convention. conv< ncd as
herein before prrscribed, adopted a constitution for their
government, and that such constitution upon inspection
ih  reof appears to be republican m lis form, and in other
respret-5 in accordance with ihe provisions of this act, it
'hall be his duty to decline such facts by public proclama-
tion.
Sf.c. 10. And be it further enacted, That until the general
census to be taken next alter its admission, the said State
"hall he entitled to one representative in the House of
Representatives of ihe United States.
} Sec H. And be it fuither enacted, Thatirica«e the con-
vention convened to form a constitution and State govern-
ment for th* Mid district of New Mexico, shall determine
that it is not then expedn nt to do so, or ehall lail to do so
for any otlu r reason, or in case the constitution formed bv
such convention shall not he republican in Us form and
oilieiiMsp m accordance with Ihe provisions of this act,
then ihe President of the United State® is hereby authorized,
and it shall be In® duty, whenever it shall appear probable to
bun that a majority of the people of the said district are
d'snous to he admitted into the Union a* a Suite, to pro-
ce  d to convene another c' n vent ion for that purpose, hi ihe
maniKr hereinbefoie piescubed, and the same proceedings
shall take place thereupon in all respec s as hereinbefore
piovided, and so in case of a second and oilier Mibsequent
failure, until rhe said di.frict shall be admitted as a State
into the Union, in accordance with the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all that part of
the territory of the UniHd States, included within the fol-
lowing limits, to wit: Hounded on the west by the State of
California, on the North bv the Temtorv ofOiegon, and on
the east and south by ihe dividing ridge, which separates
the water* flowing info the Great Basin from tho*e flowing
into the Coloiado river, and tlie Gulf of California, is hereby
set ap rt, and *hali hereafter be known by the name of the
District of Utah.
Sgc. 13 And be it further enacted, That the sum of
 dollars, and an equal sum to be paid yearly, in every
year, for eight \cars hereafter, is hereby appropriated out Of
any moriexs in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
be expended under the direction of tfce President of tb«
