1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
United States, to pav such expenses as mnv he incurred bv
the people of the said district in administering jo^tiee and
pre-ervirij? order (herein, and othei wi«e, in his discretion,
for the benefit and protection of the people of the said Dis-
trict.
Sec. 14. he it further cnacted, That whenever it «bnll
nnpear pr'bible to the President of* thp United ?tate* tl>nt
the inhabitants of the said di.-trict of Utah are sufficient in
number to entiile them in one repres mauve in the FIou«e
of Representatives o( the United States, aceordine to the
then PTi-tmL' apporiiomm nt. and that it N the de«iie of a
majority of the «aid inhabitants to he admitted as a State
into tin* TJnion.it «hall tie hi- duty to qrdera census or
enumeration to he taken of e.ihl inhabitant^.
Sfo. 1"  Jhid be it further enacted, That the President
shall have power to designate such persons to act in faking
such ornsii", and to make <-uch regulations in lelafion there-
to a« ina\ he necf e«nrv and proper to spenre an accurate
enumeration ; and for the purpo«e of defraying the expenses
incident to «uch enumeration. the sum of ten thousand dol-
lar? i- hereby appropriated out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not othorwi«-' appropriated.
sfc ifi. Jip'l be it further evaded. That if upon such
enumeration U shall appear that the number of the inhabit-
ant^. ascertained according to the iiile prescribed hv the
Constitution of the United States, are sufficient io ertiile
the said District to one Representative in the Ffonse of Rop-
re^cntniive- of th«* United States, it «hall he the duty of (lie
President of the United Stat « fo divide, or to cau*e to be
divided, the «aid District ot Utah into a convenient number
of ejection di«;tricl«, for the purpose of' holding an election
to choose representatives to n convention to he held fur the
purpose of forming a constitution and P ate government for
the inhabitants of said district; and all the provisions in
the fourth, fifth, seventh, eighth, and ninth sections of this
act contained, reepectine the election of representative* to
a convention for forming a State constitution in i|ip District
of New Mexico, their number*. their apportionment, the
qualification* of voters at such election, the powers and du-
ties nf ihc convention when assembled, the admission of
the State into the Union unon the adoption of a State consti-
tution, the term* and conditions of such admission, and all
other matters whatsoever, so far a« the same mav hp appli-
cable. are hereby declared to apply to the said Dispel of
Utah; and all th** powers conferred, and duties imposed
upon, the President of the Umteil States in said sections
with re-peet to the Di-trict of New M' xico are hereby con-
ferred and imposed upon him with respect to the said Dis-
trict of Utah.
Skc. 17. rfwl be if further enarteJ. That the convention to
he convened for the purpose of forming « con«'ifi tion and
State government in the said District of Utah. «halt he held
at such time and place as the President of the United States
may aptv>int.
Snc 18. JJnd he it further enacted. That the said State of
Utah shall and mav have upon her admission into the Union,
such numberof Representatives in the House of ^prevent-
atives of tho United States, as hei population <=bn!{ entitle
Iter to, according to the then existing apportionment of Rep-
resentatives in Congress among the several States.
Sec. 19. rfnd beU further enacfcrf, That if upon'he taking
of the census prescribed in the fifteenth section of this net,
it shall ?nnear that the numbers of the inhabitants of iio dis-
tiict of'fltah are not Miffioent to epiiiie theni to one mem-
ber nf the House of Representative* of fbe United SmtP1-;
or in ease the convention convened to foim a constitution
and State govei ninent for th" said di-tiicr. shall dpfeitnine
that it is nor then ( spedient to do sn. or fail to do so
for nnv other reason ; or in case the constitution formed bv
tuich convention shall not tv* republican in its form and
otherwise m accordance with the provisions of this act,
then the president of the United States is Jierehv aiiihori'/.ed.
and it -hall h«> his dutv, whenever thereafter it *MN appeir
probable to him that the inhabitants of said district are suf-
ficient in number to entitle them to ope Representative tn
Ihe flott-p of Representatives of the United States, and th'H
it i«- the desire of a maioittv of the «a'd inhabitants to be ad-
mitted as a State nto the Union. to order a second census
or enumeration to be taken of paid inhabitants, as herein-
before prescribed, and the -atne proeoeding* tike f>{ *cc
thereupon, in aU respects. a« heieinueforr provided. and so
in ca e of a sccotid and other subsequent failure, until the
?a:d district shall be admitted as a S ate into the Union, in j
accordance with the provision, of th«s act.
On motion by Mr. DUER, the committee rose |
and reported.
On motion hy Mr. X-IUBBAUD, thoproposition
of Mr. Duer and the various propositions on the
same subject which had not heretofore been, were
now ordered to be printed.
The House then, on motion, took a recess until
eight o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SE33CON.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
thirteen minutes past eight o'clock.
Thirty-two members present.
california..
' On motion of Mr BOYD, 'he House resolved
ir*?clf into Committee of the VV hole on the sta'e of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the California question.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, hein<r entitled to
the Hoot, proceeded to discuss the pending ques-
tion, and occupied his hour. He said, that before
he left home, the resolutions of Mr. Clay had
been spread before the country, and his eonstitu-
ents had generally disapproved them. But those
resolutions differed materially from the provisions
of the compromise bill now pending in the Senate.
He said he disapproved many of the features
of that bill; but he went for compromise. He
should vote as he thought his constituents would
desire him. He was for the Union, if it could be
preserved with honor; but if the North made ag-
gression upon the South, if they passed the Wil-
mot proviso, he should draw his sword for the
rights of Georgia.
Mr. J, havino- concluded—
Mr. DURKEE obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee on the general subject of
slavery.
Mr. PHELPS then obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion that the committee rise.
Some points of order followed, and, on a vote
taken, thirty members were counted.
The roll was then called, (asfrequired hv the
rule.) Forty members (out of two hundred and
thirty-one, the B£grega4e number of the House)
answered fo their names.
The CHAIRMAN left the chair and reported
the facts to the House.
The names of the absentees were ordered to be
entered on the Journal, (as required by the rule.)
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. PITMAN: The petition of Uiiah Gane and 55
other citizens of Schuylkill county. Pennsylvania, n*kirur
Congress for an immediate modification of existing tariff
AUo. the petition of Amos Shire and 54 other citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania for th^ hnme purpose.
ANo. the jietition of Samuel R. VVaddon and n'J other eiti-
zen« of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
AI>-o, the petition of Samnel McMackin and 02 other
citizen^ of Schuylkill county, Penn«j Uattia, for the same
put note.
Also, the petition of Joseph Baker and 53 other citizens
of Sehnvlkill enmity. Pennsylvania, for the *nme purpose.
Al-=o, the petition of George Bra*ev and 39 oiher citizens
of Sehm lkill county, Penn«\ Ivanrn. for the «amp purpose.
AI*o, thf petition of Mihon Bailey and 33 other citizens
of S'-hinlkill county, Pennsylvania, lor the saine nurpoee
AI«o. the petition of William L. Whitney and 10 other
citizens of Scliu>lkill county, Punn?ylvania5 for the same
purnopf.
Al«o. the petition of Thomas Spencer and 87 other citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
Bv M?. KRF.EDTi'RY: The memorial and a.idrec«i of Dr.
Jaenb Deweea. of Montqotnerv countv, Pennsylvania, in
relation to a milroad from the Atlantic States to the Pacific
oe^nn.
Bv Mr. KERR: The petition of ffenrv Dennis, of Mary-
land for compensation for revoJutio'ia'-y pervicep.
By Mr. PARKER: The petition and papers of John
O'Donald, a soldier of the war of 1812, pra3ing for a pen-
sion.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 7, 1850.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memoiial of ci'i-
zens of Clarion county* io theStatp of Pennsylva-
nia, askine an alteration in the, tariff, and the im-
position nfc specific, duties on import?; which was
refeired to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARKE presented a memorial of ri'izens
of Providence, Rhode Island, asking that a public
vessel mav be emploved to carry delegates from the
United States to the'Peace Convention at Frank-
fort, in Germany; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Towa, presented a memorial ;
of citizens of Washington, asking a reform in the i
judicial system of the Distiict of Columbia; which j
was referred to the- Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a communication
from the proprietors of the New York Sun, deny-
ing the statements made on the authority of the
Spanish Minister, char?in2: them with "orsaniz-
ip£ a piracy against a fiiendlv nation, and that we
raised a standard for enlistment and calling: to
arms a?finst Spain, endeavoung; to organize an
armed expedition;" and appeal to the recent and
stringent examination into the subject of violations
of the law of 1818, made by the grandjnquest of ;
the United States in the city of New York as an ;
ample refutation; which was read and oidered to |
lie on the table.
Mr
THE PUBLIC PRINTING. M
MASON". Mr President, I am charged !■
with the petition of Wm. M. Belt, one of the con-
tiactors for the public printing of the two Houses
of Congress. 1 have read the petition, and it sets J
forth in° substance the inability of the contractor j
! to continue the public printing upon the terms of
: his contract. Upon conversation with the Senator
: who i* at^he head of the Committee on Printing,
I [Mr. Borland.] t learn from him that the commii-
I tee havesome time since had this subject of the con-
! dition of the public printing before them, and that
| their deliberations resumed in the resolutions re-
j ported by ihem to the Senate some time since, to
j which an amendment was offered by the chairman
! of the committee himself. Those resolutions in sub-
! stance, recommend that the contract under which
j the public printing is now executed shouW-be- ab-
! rotated upon terms set forth in the resolutions,
| but the Senate has not y& acted upon those reso-
| lutions. The ol.jectof the petitioner in presenting
! this memorial to Congress, as he informs me, is to
; bring to the attention of the Senate for its consid-
j eration the fact, that it will be out of his power to
, continue the public printing upon the terms of the
! present contract, and that with every disposition,
j as stated in the petition, to discharge the duties
j which he has assumed, he will*be disabled from
j doipg it, in order that the Senate may take such
I action on tlie subject as the Senate may deem
I proper. He has expressed in the petition and in
j conversation with me extreme reluctance to dis-
; continue the public printing, as it might be con-
i sidered disrespectful towards the Senate, and he
I desired to lay before that body the reasons why
j he i%disabled from fulfilling his contract, and to
ask the consideration of the subject, and that a
1 proper remedy may be provided.
Mr. M. then read the material parts of the fol-
lowing petition:
To the honorable the Senate anil H}>'<se of Representatives
of the United Stutes :
; The underpinned hejjs leave mo.n respectfully to repre-
: ?ent that he became the cnmractor for certain classes of the
public printing under th<  j'>int act of the Uvn houses of Con-
ere-s.i, passed the third day ot August, eighteen hundred and
fortv-si*.
Before entering into the contract, lie considered the
means which he miirht command, and they were, the ma-
terials, presses, and other means at tlie Union office, wheie
the woik ha* been executed.
Those mean* wre mppo^ed to he fully ad<quateto the
undeitnkiri", find he is yet convinced that, under ordinary
circumstance^ the contractor would have bten able i., exe-
cute the contract to tfie entire .-au^lacnon of Congr^s, by
a prompt delivery of all the work which was stipulated to
be performed.
He is prepared to show, by unquestionable evidence, that
everv endeavor ha-* been m.*d« to execute the contract
faithfully ;and that the public woik has never been executed
better, if so yvell, and never more promptly, than duiingtho
present «cs*ion, notwithstanding the eAir.ihrdn«aiy miptdi-
rnent« to whieh the work has bi'fii Mibjected. Of uiege
facts he spt-alis with unriouhtnig con/idence.
He adu,ir< that there has heen an apparent d< lay in the
execution of the work; but it has arisen fiom causes afro-
seiher beyond the control of the contractor. "With as large
an office, and a« ample materials a* have ever been her* to-
fore employed to execute tlie pubic printing; yvuh as ex-
tensive arrangem< nt* for T>'e=s work, .md t« r otH.jiiiirg
patter, a« were thoi\<?ht ^uffieient to iio th^ work in yoffi
manner and in cood timp.tht*contractor has been prevented
from delivering the public documents as rapidly was
nnviousU desired, ihrou«;h a concmrence of cuusisover
whieh he could exercise, no control.
Fust onions tlic«e causes was the loss of more than three
weeks before the mnnu-eripK yv**re received, owm« fo the
want of ois'inizntion in the House of Itepre^m tjves;
secondly, the 2reit variety of the documents ; thndly, their
unu-ual lenc'h; fnurthlv, the unprecedented number of
evfr;* copi '« which were ordered to he s-truek. (of the two
volumes of Executive paper®, for example, 28 OjO copie.-;of
the Treasury Report, 33.000 :) flfihlj, the. h^s ot'tour« r fun
weeks in the l.inding aft' rthey wrre primed, a thina winch
has never hern done before; sixthly, the detention of cn-
gravinir*. Con^re^s i< assured, tn the mo^ienrnest manner,
that these are the c. u*es which have kept tuck the wmk,
and not any -im-ter design, as has been insinuated, to effect
anv -'elfish object.
Tt i^ moit respectfully stated to your honorable bodies
thnt the contract is a losing a* d almost ruinous one; that
several thousands of dollars have already heen funk, and
that, even if the~contractor h.id the most t fleetive tin ans to
so on wiih the yvoik, the eontr.iot is caluilatml to involve
him in wormus los«i; tin  eforc, with eveiy confidence in tlie
Justice of Congress, he appeals tr> them lor relief
Had the terms of the coniract been moie hheral, the
contractor would nave been enabled to ohmin adduionat
force, mateiial.and press power to enable hun to execute
promptly even the unprecedented amount of woik yvhich
yva«: ordered.
But, a- hi« contract yva« a lo«ing one, it was not in his
power to make more extensive anangements, arnf he tluuiybt
})*• was dt<ehnr< ins his whole duty, under the circumstancj-s,
m executing hi"* yvork as well <«iiii moie lapidls lhau it Jmd
ever been executed by others, under mo e hiver.ibJe terms
and more propitious circumstance*, lie jts finer d, beside*,
to keep in his employment a large numiitr ot hands tor a
considerable period of time, without having anjihini; for
them to do, hecau«e of ihe delay in oreauizinc tl-e F^-use of
Representatives. And the conting* nt fund ol hoih H<.u*vb
beinir exhausted, he could not obtain compensation accord-
ing to the stipulations of this contiact tor his vvoift hs i was
delivered; and he was thereby forced to obtain means at
heavy cost from other sourccs, in order io enable him iq
fulfill his undertaking. These facts are urged by the under-
