58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
Sir, 1 did not intend to take a part in this discus-
sion. I perfectly concurred with the Senator from
North Carolina, (Mr. Badger;] but a higher de-
gree of importance was given to it by the Senator
from New York. I cannot indorse any such
opinion, any such act whatever. I participate in
the regret of those around me that this resolution
should have been introduced. I intend qo disre-
spect to the man; but ( cannot give my vote when
it is recommended to the American people to con-
nect this compliment with his mission here, i
must, therefore, withhold my vote from the reso-
lution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Humble as I am, sir, I deem
it just to myself, and respectful to the Senate, that
I should assign my reasons for voting for this reso-
lution. I entertain a regret as profound and sin-
cere, I presume, as any gentleman upon this floor,
that any question has arisen calculated to excite
feelings not ihe most felicitous to harmony and to
good understanding in this body. 1 cannot view-
this resolution as some honorable gentlemen do; I
cannot regard it, sir, as any test of merit beyond
what the great Apostle of Temperance has mani-
fested to the world by his advent to this country.
If 1 understand it, sir, it is a sentiment responsive
to the popular expression manifested m different
portions of the country, arid certainly without any
political intentions, so tar as we h<tve a right to
judge. It has been demanded bv gentlemen, what
evidence have we that Father Mathew may not,
on some future occasion, light the torch of discord
in the South? The fact, sir, that he has refused
to join the agitators of the North, and that he has
declined to encourage any of the ultra opinions of
the South, is, to my mind, a proof that he regards
his mission as a mission of peace, and not himself
as the agent of this cause. With a full conviction
upon my mind that his intention is purely to pro-
mote the good of mankind—to add to the general
sum of felicity—I am brought to the conclusion,
sir, to support the resolution.
I cannot see that it is at all connected with any
political consideration whatever; and I think, from
the evidence adduced before the Senate, that the
very contrary is his state of feeling now, and that
he is determined to stand aloof from all the agi*
tations of thi=« country; but that he might, at one pe-
riod, from the scenes of misery surrounding him
in Ireland, as so eloquently described by the Sen-
ator from Alabama, have deprecated the horrors
of slavery in any. nation; and believing it as exist-
ing in the United States far beyond what he saw
manifested in Ireland, in a moment of immature
years, compared to those he now wears, he may
have performed an act which was culpable. But
if it was culpable, he has relieved himself from it
by refusing in the United Stales the participation in
the agitation which unfortunately exists in this
country. I commend him for it, sir. He goes
not with a torch of discord, but wiih a bond of
peace, reformation, and redemption, to an unfor-
tunate class in the community.
I, sir, am a disciple. I needed the discipline
of reformation, and I embraced it. I am proud
upon thus floor to proclaim it, sir, and would that
I could enforce the example upon every American
heart that influences or is influenced by filial affec-
tion, conjugal love, or parental tenderness. Yes,
sir, there is love, purity, and fidelity, inscribed
upon the banner that he bears. It has nothing to
do with abolition or with nullification, sir. Away
with your paltry objection to men who come bear-
ing the binnacle above the turbid wafers which un-
fortunately roll at the foot of this mighty Republic!
It is unfortunate for us, that when great ques-
tions are presented to the Senate, when the nation
thrills, and when the heart's core of patriotism i3
wrung wiih vital affection, then comes up the ob-
jection to courtesy and civility to a foreigner. A
foreigner! Yes, sir; from the land of our ances-
tors, from Erin's Isle he came; and he came on a
mission of peace and good-will. And could not
this little testimony of respect indicate his wel-
come here among the representatives of millions?
Could not they in courtesy receive him, and ex-
tend to him the hand of respect and the embrace
of love? It would not be the individual alone
that they would elevate*, but it would be the cause
of morality; it would enable him to exert a good
influence upon the minds of those who are to be
the beneficiaries of American mothers, American
children, American brothers,fathers and parents—
all.
And yet there is objection—objection in this
Senate! Is it worthy of an American Senaie to
make a victim of a patriot and philanthropist—a
man whose mission is peace and good-will on
earth ? Sir, I will not be guilty ot it. My reasons
may be imperfect, but 1 know that my impulses
are all right.
Mr. President, if this gentleman were entitled to
the privilege of the floor by invitation of the Chair,
this is cleat ly a manifestation of that privilege. It
is nothing more, it is excluding no other indi-
vidual, air, from the respect we extend to this
apostle of temperance. Let others present them-
selves at the head and front of great moral and
social revolution, and i will bid them welcome.
Lafayette was a coadjutor of liberty—a disciple
of liberty. Washington was a coadjutor of liberty.
Father Mathew is a great apostle of temperance,
sent forth at the inspiration of a patriotic heart,
by philanthiopy of soul, to the United States, to
extend the benefit of his influence in reforming
society. I bid him welcome. It has nothing to
do, in my opinion, with all the noise of political
strife, and I am not piepared to combine it with
the tariff, nullification, abolition, or anything of
that kind, or manufactures of any shape, unless it
is the manufacture of intemperate men into sober,
respectable citizens. That is as far as I will go,
sir. But 1 do not think, at all times when tnis
question mayaiise, we should consider that the
ome has passed by when prudential considerations
should be enteuained and cherished in this body.
They are, sir, in the American people; they are at
the citizen's hearthstone; they are in your churches
of sacred worship; they are in your court-houses;
they are even upon your muster-fields, and are
hardly yet excluded Irom the grog-shops in
America. Prudential considerations! Sir, while
liberty is outraged, while man cannot approach
his dignity, or while the Union is worth preserv-
ing, prudential considerations are attached to the
great mind of society. 1 will cherish it properly
on all occasions; i wilt oppose it on no occa&ion,
but 1 will venture everything to avert the evils
threatened; and 1 will never provoke them. 1 am
not a garrulous old man; nor am 1 a testy old wo-
man, sir, to threaten this Union. [Laughter.]
Mr. YULEE said he would vote lor the motion
to lay upon the table.
If the resolution was meant as a mere act of
courtesy to the gentleman named, it was sufficient
reason to determine him against it, that any gen-
tleman belonging to the body objected to it. The
first obligation m the way of courtesies was due
tn each other, tor the reason that in this Hall the
Senators were not only entitled, but obliged to be
present in the discharge ol their public duties, and
it was therefore more imporiant that regard should
be had for the feelings and satisfaction of each
other than of those who were outside, so far as
the use and privileges of the floor were concerned.
This is the chamber of the Senate, in which each
gentleman who is commissioned as a Senator has
equal right. No part of the Senate, though it be
a majority, has any proper right to introduce upon
this floor, by a departuie from the general rules of
the body, any person whose piesence may render
the Hall less comfortable to any one of those who
occupy it by legal right, and for the execution of a
public trust. The feelings and comfort of those
whose duties oblige their presence here, ought not
to be sacrificed to the gratification of any individ-
ual whose presence no public occasion requires.
We owe this to a kind and respectful consideration
towards each other, and to the harmonious internal
relations of the body, upon which its public use-
j fulness so much depends. It would be sufficient
reason with him, therefore, that a single objection
was made to its adoption.
But the reasons strongly stated by the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] were very
convincing to him; and carrying the argument be-
yond the inconvenience of the precedent, it was
plain to him that the proposed action was wrong
| on the score of principle. If the resolution was not
meant merely as a courtesy, but was designed as
a judgment upon the cause in which M r. Mathew
was engaged, the Senate would be departing from
its legitimate sphere of political action, ?tnd assu-
ming the authority of censor morum. It would be
undertaking to consider questions of abstract mor-
als, and pass in judgment upon the manners of the
citizens of the country-—some of whom, in the ex-
I ercise of a rightful personal liberty, may choose to
approve and practice in more or less degree the use
of stimulating beverages.
Mr. Y. said that it was an error to suppose that
any precedent whatever existed for this action—
not even in the case of General Lafayette. That
distinguished soldier of liberty came here as the
guest of the nation, and among other ceremonies
enjoyed a public reception by the Senate in its
Chamber, upon a day appointed. With the cere-*
mony his presence in the Chamber ended; and the
right to general admission upon the floor was never
conferred upon him, by resolution or otherwise.
Nay, more—no President of the Republic, not ex-
cepting Washington, the Father of his Country,
nor any other officer of the Government, has ever
enjoyed the privilege allowed by this resolution
of admission within the bar. The general rule of
privilege, as may be seen by reference to the pam-
phlet on the Secretary's desk, is limited to the
floor or lobby outside of the bar.
Mr. Y. said,that waiving all other objections he
mi^ht share in with others to this resolution, it
would be sufficient in his view that the compliment
proposed was repugnant to the feelings ofarespect-
able portion of the gentlemen whose public duties
were required to be transacted here, and to whom
the Chamber belonged, as fullyand exclusively,
as to any other portion of that body.
Mr. BADGER renewed his motion to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN. .Not supposing that the yeas
and nays would be called for, I have abstained
from making any remarks upon the question. If
the Senate will indulge me in a few remarks 
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, the gentleman may
proceed.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, 1 intend to
limit my remarks simply to the question of laying
upon the table. It is now ascertained that there
is no precedent whatever to justify the resolution.
We are therefore to make a precedent of this case;
for let our vote be either affirmative or negative, it
is a precedent. Now, sir, setting all other con-
siderations out of view, I am not willing to make
a precedent. It appears to me that the Senate
itself ought to come to the conclusion, from this
very debate, of the impropriety of making this
a precedent. It has now occupted us for hours,
bringing up a discussion which, so far as the gen-
tleman Is concerned who is the subject-matter of
it, must wound his feelings much more than the
compliment would heal them. The Senate now
sees that Mr. Mathew cannot possibly receive the
united invitation of this body. It must be a divided
vote. The compliment, if it be passed, will be
weakened; and I submit it to every Senator,
whether it will not be more acceptable to his feel-
ings to lay it upon the table, upon the ground that
we do not choose to make a precedent, than to
vote for it dividedly ?
The Senator from Louisiana behind me, [Mr!
Downs,] urges the reason for making this a prece-
dent, that it is extraordinary; that the occasion is
peculiar, and can scarcely hereafter be repeated.
Sir, the very fact that it is extraordinary, is a
motive for not making it a precedent. If you vote
it down in a strong case, it will establish the rule
so that it cannot be broken over hereafter. And if
you vote affirmatively upon it, it will draw after it
a train that it will be impossible to resist. You
may_ refuse this on the ground that there is no pre-
cedent; but if you make a precedent, then, when
you come to object hereafter to a resolution of this
kind, it becomes a question of merit. Now, sir,
gentlemen know, upon a question of merit how
difficult it is to decide.
Sir, I must say that, in many respects, we do
not respect ourselves as much as we ought. There
is not a parliamentary body in the world that ex-
tends compliments of this kind. In the British
Parliament it is a high honor to be introduced by
a distinguished member of either House privately.
No foreigner or other man ought to expect such a
compliment from the United States. We owe
more to ourselves than to give it; and especially
as this goes far beyond any other—admitting him
within the bar of the Senate, Sir, I do hope the
Senate will pause before they give ^an affirmative
vote. 1 hope they will consider it, and settle it,
that compliments of this kind are not to be expected
from us.
