1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5#'
Mr. FOOTE* Mr. President, I have been very
forcibly struck by the remarks which have just
fallen from the honoraole Senator from South
Carolina, (iMr. Calhoun;] and from the reasons
stated by him in opposition to the resolution under
consideration, i feel constrained to ask of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,]
with the unanimous consent of the Senate, which
i cannot doubt will be yielded, that he will with-
draw his resolution. It is evident that it cannot
be adopted unanimously, and if adopted by a
simple majority, it will do but little honor to the
reverend gentleman in whose favor it was intro-
duced.
iMr. WALKER. Mr. President, I have already
said, sir, that in offering this resolution, 1 did it
only regarding the individual to whom it refers as
a reformer in the temperance cause. I very little
anticipated this debate; I had no idea that such a
debate would grow out of it; and I do not expect
to be more surprised at any debate during this
session of the Senate. Gentlemen speak of the
danger of misconstruction of their position. I have
been the subject of misconstruction, but it has not
yet gone to such an extent as to win me to the
conclusion that upon any occasion that arises here
1 must not act upon my own judgment. Gentle-
men upon the one side may charge me as much as
they please with voting an abolition vote, and
upon the other side they may charge me as much
as they please with casting a pro-slavery vote, in
olfeiing that resolution, it is a matter of enure
indifference to me from which side the charge
comes. 1 stand before the country in the position
of having shown some lutle disregard to miscon-
struction. I occupy that position. 1 care not
from which side misconstruction comes. I hold
that no man, by a speech here, can make me
occupy a position other ihan that in which I place
myself, if the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] has said anything calculated to embar-
rass gentlemen, they know whether they occupy
the position in point of fact which he has ascrioed
to them, or not. if, upon either side, speeches
have been made placing gentlemen in a position
they do not like to occupy, it is for them to con-
sider whether they occupy it or not.
My ideas of duty are these: No gentleman has a
light, by his speech, to place me in one position
or another, i would be very willing to withdraw
this resolution if the debate had not come up—if
nothing had been said of the character of the re-
marks which have been made; but i cannot do it
now,'not, however, because it has been announced
that he is anti-slavery, or that he is not sufficiently
pro-slavery. I look upon Mr. Mathew as a phil-
anthropic reformer, a temperance advocate; and,
as such, he has certainly done more good in this
country than any other. While, therefore, I oc-
cupy that position myself, I care not m what po-
sition others may, by their speeches, think proper
to place me. i propose that resolution as a com-
pliment to Father Mathew as a great temperance
refoimer, and nothing else. I am willing to in-
dorse his philanthropic course; and I hope it will
be indursed by the Senate of the United States. I
hope now that the Senate will not understand me
as intending to place them in an unpleasant or em-
barrassing situation; and i hope every one will
disembarrass himself by the consciousness that he
is doing right, in whatever position others may
thmk proper to place him.
The question being then taken upon the motion
to lay the resolution on the table, H was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Me^ra. Atchison, Baduer, Berrien, Borland, But-
ler, Calhoun, Clemens, Davis of Sr s*i.«*i|>pij Dawson, Hun-
ter, Mrfgnn, (VIoi ion. Ptarce, Phelps, Ru k, Sebastian, lur-
ney, Undfiwoori, Yulei'—
NAYS—Meesr*. Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Cass,
Cha^e, t>la ke, Clav, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dick-
inson, D dg«i ot Iowa, Oouulas, Downs, FWch, toote,
Hale, Hamim, Housion, Jones, Maogum, Miller,
Morris, Si-ward, Shietds, Smith, Suui6, Stewart, bturgeon,
Ui>ham, Wales, Waikei, and WhUeomb—34.
The VICE PRESIDENT then stated the ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution, and the yeas
and nays were demanded and ordered.
Mr. Davis, of Mississippi. When I addressed
the Senate in the early part of this debate, my re-
marks were directed to a single point which had
lieen forced upon my notice. The objection then
made was sufficient to control my vote upon the
question of laying the resolution on the table, ana
would alone suffice to decide my final vote upon
the resolution. But there are other considerations
which, since it has l>een decided to take a vote on
the merits of the resolution, I wish very briefly to*
present.
As an organized body, we are charged with the
public business which comes legitimately before
us; in our character of representatives we are bound
to guard the interests confided to us. Political
questions and the public agents of the United
States constitute the proper objects of our inquiry
and decision. We may give testimonials for pub-
lic services rendered to the United States. By
thanks, medals, swords, resolutions, we often at-
test the value of services rendered by public officers;
but the virtue or exaltation df private character,
the merits of the philanthropist, the savant, or the
artist, come not within the sphere of our official
dunes. We have no charter to grant diplomas for
private virtues, nor for philanthropic labors, nor
for contributions to art or to science. It may be
very well for Senators, as individuals, to express
their commendation and high regard for the ser-
vices of Father Mathew in the cause of temperance,
but it does not belong to the Senate to rewaid such
services ; nor, in my opinion, is it proper that we,
in our official capacity, should entertain any such
question. We-have enough of labor, and causes
enough to disturb us peaceful course, without in-
volving ourselves in the individual discriminations
w hich belong to lodges, to societies, and to colleges.
Elsewhere let his merits as a temperance reformer
be measured—not here, not here.
Mr. President, this resolution is an unprece-
dented compliment, and extraordinary in its nature,
because either a reward for services expected to be
performed, or for those which have been rendered
to a foreign country, of which, as the Senate of the
United States, we cannot take cognizance. Many
things which affect the human race beneficially or
injuriously, have no such connection wiih the
Government as to wairant us in taking official
notice of them. Our action here must be limited
by the powers and proper objects of the body of
which we are members; and this excludes subjects
which, as individuals, we might entertain. This
is not a temperance meeting, but a session of the
Senate; and we are here as the representatives of
constuuents, charged with transacting the public
business, from which this is wholly apart.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, before the vote
is taken on this resolution, I think it necessary
that I should say, a word. This is a question ot
privilege. 1 have asked myself what part of the
character of this distinguished advocate of temper-
ance we were proposing to honor by granting this
extraordinary privilege. Is it because he is a
member of the temperance society, or a leader in
the great temperance reform ? If that is the reason
why we are to grant this great privilege, are there
not thousands of individuals within the limits of
our own country, who are as well worthy of the
distinction on that ground ? Is it because he is a
minister of the Gospel, and, perhaps, has nobly
discharged his duty in that capacity ? If it is on
that ground, have we not thousands in our own
country whose whole lives have been devoted to the
interests of humanity? Have we no man within
the limits of the United States, who is entitled to
receive this privilege on the part of the Senate of
the United States? If we set a precedent of this
sort, what is to be the limit of it? If you say that
the great leader of the temperance reform m an-
other country may receive it, will not the answer
be, have you not great leaders in your own coun-
try ? It it be said tftat it is because a distinguished
minister of the (jrospel is among us, it will be re-
plied that there aie others tqually distinguished
and deseivmg in our own country.
When we come to confer a distinction of this
sort, I beg you to consider that there are various
denominations ot Christians in the country. There
are Catholics and theie are Protestants; and it is
not, in my opinion, the province of this body to
make a precedent in tavor of one class 111 preter-
ence to another. Disconnected from his character
as a temperance lectuier or a temperance reformer,
is there a gentleman on this floor that would vote
this high compliment to the reverend gentleman to
whom it is proposed to be paid ? i have every
feeling of kindness for him; and no man would go
turther m extending to him hospitality and testi-
monials of good feeling; but I am unwilling that
the Senate should establish this precedent. Sup-
pose that now, for the purpose of embarrassing
this resolution, 1 were to present, in addition to
the name of Father Mathew, the name of a distin- .
guished citizen of my own State, alike celebrated
in the cause of temperance, and in all the virtues
that constitute the Christian and the minister, what *
disposition would you make of such an amend-
ment? Shall we make this a precedent? I dis-
connect this question from all the circumstances *-
that have been thrown aiound it, and view the
object above them, and go upon principle. I trust
that Father Mathew will so understand it. My
objection to the resolution is an objection to the
precedent which it wilt establish. I believe sin-  
cerely that the views of (he Senator from South
Carolina are in accordance with the dignity of this
body.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, 1 rise to state
that, though 1 have not at all changed my opinion
in regard to the merits of the venerable personage
whom it is proposed, by the resolution.before us
to accord a seat upon the floor, yet the reasons as-
signed by the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Calhoun] for refusing to establish a new
precedent, seem to me too, cogent to be resisted.
I supposed that the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin had certainly looked into the precedents of
this body before he offered his resolution. I had
no idea that the adoption of it would be an inno-
vation upon all former usages. This seems evi-
dently to be the case. However much I may,
esteem the illustrious Apostle of Temperance, 1
shall not vote to establish a new precedent, in op-
position to the judgments of so many worthy Sen-
ators, even to do him honor.
The question being then taken upon the adop-
tion of the resolution, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 33> nays 18—is follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Cass,
Chase, Cl.irke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Feleti, Greene,
Hamlin, Houston, June-', MarrgHirr, Miller, Nntris. Seward,
Shield*, Sinuh, Souli, Stewart, Sturaeon, Underwood, Op-
ham, Wales, Walker, and Whileomh—33.
NAYS—Mes«r«. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Borland, But-
ler, O.dtioun, Clemens. D-m>of Mississippi, Dawson, Foote,
Hunfer, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Husk, Sebastian, Turaey,
and Yaiee—18.
So the resolution was adopted.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise, Mr. President,
prior to the adjournment, to ask the Senate to
correct a mistake. 1 find tha1, as the committees
are reported, my name is recorded upon three of
them—Public Lands, Territories, and Claims, fa
conversing with the gentlemen who arranged this
business, I understand that my name was placed
upon the Committee on Pubfic Lands by mistake,
and that Mr. Corwjn was intended to be placed
there. I hope that my name will, by universal
consent, be stricken from this committee, and Mr.
Corwin's be placed in its stead.
Mr. SMITH. 1 can confirm the statement made
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky; and as
I am personally, in some degree, responsibfe for
this mistake, i am very anxious that the Senate
should correct it. As the committees were ar-
ranged, or rather as the members of the Committees
which have been assigned to this side of the Cham-
ber were arranged, Mr. Corwin was designed for
the Committees on the Public Lands, on Agricul-
ture, and Engrossed Bills; and the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] was de-
signed to be placed on the Committees on Terri-
tories and Claims I have the original memoranda
before me, but in transferring the names to the
paper from which my honorable friend from .North
Carolina submitted them to the Senate, there was
so little time allowed me that this mistake occurred.
As the appointments now stand upon the Journal
of the Senate, the distinguished and honorable
Senator from Ohio was assigned to the Committees
on Agriculture and Engrossed Bills; and I should
be very much mortified—as I am in some degree
responsible—if this error is not corrected.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
the Journal be corrected by the substitution of the
name of Mr. Cosww upon the Committee on
Public Lands for that of Mr. Underwood.
Mr. NORRfS. Mr. President, I perceive by
the printed list that my name is on the Committees
on Claims, on Revolutionary Claims, and on the
Patent Office 1 presume it was by mistake that
my name was put upon the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, and I ask the Senate to excuse me
from serving on that committee.
