THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOH^rcT~RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 10
New Series.... No. 73
pose. Well, I am not a practical printer, but I
have been to!d by a practical printer that the ob-
ject of the ruinously low prices was perfectly
understand amongst the printers of Washington,
and that it was a matter of common talk among
them that this contract system of Congress would
be broken down, and that this was the mode by
winch it wus to be done.
_ Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator i
rise to a point of order?
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply to protest against
this attempt to drag in mere va^ue hearsay state-
ment upon a matter of this kind. I appeal to the
Senator again whether he considers it to be en-
tirely Senatorial ?
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed the Senator from Mississippi rose to a point
of order.
Mr IIALE. Well, 1 will droo that point.
The VICE- PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the merits of this subjuct are not now
under consideration.
Mr. HALE. I am merely attesting some of
the reasons why I think this investigation ou°-ht
to be made. I have been told.and'I believe'it
is not a mere vague rumor, but that it will appear
up,on inspection to be true, that under this con-
tract as it has been executed, the documents print-
ed and laid upon our tables are printed upon paper
costing over a dollar more than the paper costs
upon which the documents are printed which are
folded up and sent off to our constituents. I be- '
Sieve it is not in order to lefer to the proceedings 1
at the other end of the Capitol, but 1 have been i
told that this is not a mere v&sjue rumor, but that
it has come out under oSth before a committee of -
another body now in session in this District.
Paper costing four dollars per ream is used for the I
printing of documents to be laid on our desks, but ;
paper costing: twenty-five per cent, less   !
Mr. RUSfC. I call the Senator to order. The ;
question before the Senate is the raising of a com- '
mittee. He - - ' ' " "
principally that I acquiesce in the suggestion of the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. RALE. I think the matter had better go
to the Senate committee, and therefore 1 renew
the motion to refer the petition to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to suggest whether,
I: after what has been said by the Senator from Ar-
jj kansas, [Mr. Borland,] the Committee on theJu
PRIKTING OP MR. JONES'S REPORT.
Mr. BENTON. When a motion was pending
the other day for the printing of MK 'Jones's re-
port, I stated to the Senate that Mr. Jones had
caused one thousand copies of this 'report , to be
printed by Mr. Gideon, and that I would bring up
a copy of the, report so printed and let the Senate
see the style of execution; and also that I would
apply to Mr. Gideon to know what was the cost.
i , j . J ( v w I ^ r r J <.\/ tviiv w iviiciv w qcv ttic Ul
oiciary would not be the appropriate reference of I i I have done st>, and Mr. Gideon writes to me
this memorial? It seems to involve a question of '' ""   "
law as to the propriety of discharging these par-
ties from their contract
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not j
now in order. i
Mr. HALE. I will accept it as a modification ;
of my motion, so that it is in order. I
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot see the necessity of -
referring it to the Committee on the Judiciary, or j
| that it involves any doubtful question of law.
These parties cannot claim to be released from their |
I contract on any legal grounds; it is only as a mat- j!
| ter of favor, on which the Senate is as competent I
j to decide as the committee. Besides, if the Sena- I!
j tor from North Carolina knew how occupied 1 am jj
I with the judiciary, of this District, he would not j[
involve me further*. j.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I renew the motion to jj
refer the petition to the Committee on Printing, !l
and 1 will assign the reasons  l!
The VICE" PRESIDENT. That motion is ]!
not now in order. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Have 1 not a right to j
move to refer it to the Printing Committee now 5 !;
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question be- :l
fore the Senate is to refer the petition' to the Ju- '<
diciary Committee. .j
Mr. BUTLER. I hope it will not be done. i
The motion was then put and lost.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now renew the mo- ij
tion to refer it to the Committee on Printing, for ;!
this reason: That committee is familiar with the ;|
duties assigned to them, and with the whole sub- ;i
jsct, from the commencement of the session. If ;•
this contract is to be abrogated and annulled, it '
follows: "We printed for Mr. Jones one thou-
sand copies of his report on California for $120."
There are sixty pages of it. There is the execu-
tion of it—good paper, good ink, and good-work-
manship. I will put it upon the table for the use
of the Senate.
THE COMMITTEE OF INVESTIGATION.
Mr. KING. 1 rise, Mr. President, to ask a
favor of the Senate, which is peisonal to myself.
During the long period that I have served as a
member of the Senate of the United States, I haye
always endeavored, to the extent of my abiIityTi<>
discharge every duly which it has pleased this *
body to impose upon me. I have never asked to
be excused from serving on any committee to
which I have been called, however laborious or
unpleasant. I have always considered, sir, that
there was but one reason which would justify any
Senator in asking to be excused, and that is, when
there were any considerations personal to himself
which rendered it improper that he should serve.
An occurrence, Mr. President, which took place
yesterday in the committee that has been appoint-
ed to investigate the disorder which recently took
place in the Senate, places me, as I conceive, in
that position. I ask, sir, that F may be excused
from longer serving oh that committee. I ask it,
because I could not, with a proper regard to my
own self-respect, consent longer to continue on it.
I hope, therefore, that I shall be excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question to
be on excusing: the Senator from Alabama from
further service on the select committee referred to.
Mr. BADGER. 1 do not know that I dis-
tinctly understood'the reason why the Senator from
s now giving testimony, and is giv-
8h«HW0oresho ld'pot lCaf he®Vvfcy ihlsma"er •' v>',!1 bf their duty to submit"something in place of :! Alala'maTesiredTo'be excused/
Mr HALF vJaleferreu to a committee. j it, and from their familiarity with the subject, I ; Mr. PRATT. A personal di
iir. tin.jul*. Yes, s,i; i was suggesting it as believe they can do it much better than any other '
a.reason why the inquiry should be made, in order committee. I hope, therefore, it will be referred I
that we may know whether this fraud has been '\ to that committee. i
Pr«?.t,c«!uJ™usT : I Mr. BORLAND. I wioh to say one word. In ,
1 he VIC.& PRESIDENT. The Question is on
the motion 
lvlr. HALh. No, sir; f want the decision of
the Chair on the point of order first.
The VIOL PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the Senator was out of order in refer-
ring to what took place in another body not referred
to in the petition. The simple question before
the Senate is, whether the petition shall be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ^OOI\E. When I suggested my motion
before, I forgot that the Senator from Virginia had
not withdrawn his original motion, and therefore
that it was not in order. I understand, however,
thst he is willing to withdraw it now. .
iVIr. MASON. At the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, and at the desire, as {under-
stand, of the Senator from Arkansas, I will with-
draw my motion to refer the petition to the Com-
mittee on Punting, and accede to the motion to
refer it to a select committee. I do not me^n to
reply to the irrelevant matter introduced into the
discussion by the Senator fiom New Hampshire.
He has chosen to drag these matters into debate,
giving testimony, as suggested by the Senator from
iexas, [Mr. Rusk,] for purposes best known to
himself. Now, with regard to this committee-
j case this motion should be lost, as I hope it will, ;
and the matter referred to a select committee, 1 bug 1
! leave to submit one statement for the information ;
• of that "--elcct committee, if it should be raised. It '
is this: Among the reasons assigned to the Com- I
mittee on Printing for the delay m the public print- ■
I ing was the want of payment by Congress for the }
work ordered. Under the terms of the contract I
j' the printing was to be paid for when done. So ;
:■ that, whenever an order was executed, small or \
, large, the printer should have only to come for- !j
: ward with his bill to have it passed and paid; but, jj
owing to the want of funds in hand prior to the jj
passage of the deficiency bill, there were no 'J
i means to pay them, and they did not bring forward
j their bill. Well, I consider that a good ground of j
J complaint, and a material obstacle in the way of I
j the execution of their work. We did not comply j
| with our part of the contract by paying them for j
j the work as it was done, and of course there was
: the less obligation on their part to execute their 'I
part of the contract. I considered that a jjoo.d ex-
cuse. But the delay now continues. Although
the deficiency bill has been passed two or three
personal difficulty.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Alabama
has been on the committee no^ for one month,
and I supoose a gentleman's going there now for
the fiist tune would be placed in a very awkward
situation; and, being unacquainted with the previ-
ous detaMs of the inquiry, he would labor under
great disadvantage. And I am sure that if the
Senator from Alabama cannot discharge the duties
of the committee efficiently, 1 know not where we
can find a person who can do it.
Mr. CASS. 1 unite in the wish expressed by
the Senator from North Carolina, that the Senator
from Alabama will not abandon his position. His
absence from the head of that committee would be
a loss to the country; and I trust he will not aban-
don it.
Mr. KING. I am not chairman. It is the special
committee
Mr. CASS. Ah 1 I beg your pardon. I thought
it was the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say, that it would
be exceedingly agreeable to myself, and I believe
to every member of the committee, if the Senator
from Alabama would consent to remain on it. I
say this, because otherwise it might be supposed
that some difficulty between the members of the
committee had induced the honorable Senator to
relinquish hia position. At the same time I shall
offer no objection to the motion, though I repeat
weeks, not a bill can I get brought forward,
though the want of payment was said to be one of ;: my earnest wish that the honorable Senator should
• . ---— — — - -— , the great obstacles in the way of the execution of j remain on the committee.
Although 1 am decidedly of the opinion that if it the work. This is a circumstance which [ feel it ij Mr. KING. I certainly did not intend to inti-
shall appear that these parties have, from some "proper to state, and to say, that, so far as that :: mste that anvthing of a personal nature had oc-
cause or other, undertaken the execution of this ;j very material obstacle is concerned, the contractor ;! carred between myself and any member of the
work upon terms absolutely ruinous, that they ;; himself refuses to remove if, although the money '! committee. I haveattended, as the chairman well
ought to be relieved, and 1 think any committee of ;; has been lyin^ in the hands of the Secretary of the ji knows, punctually. I have not been absent any
this body would so determine. Yet the great de- j, Senate for some time. 1] day on which the committee has met. I have en-
sideratum is to h.we action upon this matter, so The question was then taken on the motion to |j deavored faithfully, impartially, and honestly to
that the public interests may be subserved by hav- I! refer the memorial to the Committee on Printing, Ij discharge my duties upon that committee- > But,
ing this work executed, and it is for this reason u and it was agreed to. 11 sir, I am fullv aware that there is an impression m
73
