ee
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec, 21,
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over under the rule:
Reiohed, That the Committee on Printing he permitted
to employ a clerK, and that he be allowed such a rate 01
compensation as is usually allowed m such cases.
A motion that when the Senate adjourns it
shou'd be to meet on Monday next, was made and
negatived.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOaSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
fridat, December 21* *849.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
PRAYERS AND PASTING.
Mr. VAN DYKE rose,*4nd sent to the Clerk's
table the fallowing resolution, which was read by
the Clerk:
Resolocd, That a committer of two members he appointed
by the Clerk, to invite the different clergymen of the city ol
Washington to open the 8es?>ions of this House with prayer,
until a regular Chaplain shall be appointed.
Mr, JONES moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
The reading of the resolution having been called
for, it was a^ain read.
Mr WOOD was understood to say, that he
had received some petitions from his constituents
remonstrating against the appointment of regular
chaplains. The delay which had occurred in the
organisation of the House had prevented him from
presenting the&e petitions. In the mean time, not
being prepared to vote for the resolution, he would
move that it he laid on the table.
Mr. JONES suggested that it had yesterday
been deculed that no resolution was in order while
the election of Speaker was pending.
[Ones t«> order.]
The Clbjik stated the question to be on the mo-
tion that the resolution be laid on the table.
And the question thereon was taken, and deci-
ded in the negative—ayes 49, noes 74.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend it by stri-
king out the latter portion (which limits its opera-
tion to the time when a regular Chaplain shall be
appointed.)
Mr. K. naid he desired to see how long the
House could obtain prayeis without compensa-
tion.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment by
adding a proviso that no compensation should
hereafter be made for such pra> ers.
On a suggestion from the Cleric that the ques-
tion should first be taken on the motion of the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Kaufman,] Mr. J.
waived his motion for the moment.
The question was then taken on the amendmentof
Mr. Kaufman, and was decided in the negative—
ayes 22, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
# Mr JONES now moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding, at the end thereof, the words,
u Provided.that no compensation shall hereafter be
made to such clergyman out of the contingent fund
of the House or otherwise."
And the question on the £aid amendment was
taken, and decided in the negative without a
division
So the amendment was rejected.
And the question again recurring on the adop-
tion of the resolution—
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend it by adding,
at the end thereof, the words, " and that the House
do fast during the said period."
The Clerk stated the question to be on this
amendment.
And the question was taken, but with what
result became afterwards a matter of controversy.
The reporter understood the amendment to have
been declared adopted.
Mr. VAN DYKE now called for the question
on the resolution as amended.
The Clerk put the question.
Mr. ROOI1 moved that the resolution as amended
be laid upon the table.
A conversation now took place, as to the action of
the House on Mr. Cartter's amendment about
the fasting—some members insisting that the j
Clerk had declared that amendment to have been I
adopted, and others taking the contrary ground. |
Mr. ROOT, under the supposition that the
amendment had been rejected, withdrew his motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. OONES submitted that in the part of the
House in which he sat, th$ distinct understanding
had been that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] had been agreed to.
Some conversation followed.
Tellers were called for.
Mr STANLY moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. YENABLE rose to a point of order. He
submitted that the House had decided that the
resolution should not be laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLEN rose, he said, not for the purpose
of debating the matter, but 
[Loud calls to order.]
Mr- ALLEN, (continuing.) Simply to inform
gentlemen*—
Mr. VENABLE. I call the gentleman to order,
Mr. ALLEN (continuing.) Simply to inform
gentlemen 
[Loud cries to order.]
The Clerk. The Clerk will put the question of
order to the House. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is proceeding to debate 
Mr. ALLEN. Not to debate, sir.
The Clerk, (continuing ) And he is called to
order 
Mr. ALLEN, (interposing.) It is not my pur-
pose to debate, but simply to inform gentlemen 
[Loud cries to order.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the House adjourn until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
The motion was not pressed.
The Clerk. The question before the House is
on laying the resolution and amendment on the
table.
Mr. CARTTER asked that his amendment
might be again read.
And it was accordingly read.
The Clerk again stated the question.
Mr. ALLEN (who had not taken his seat du-
ing these interruptions) now said: Am I entitled
to the floor ?
[Cries of " Question !"—"No debate!"—and
calls to order ]
Mr. ALLEN. I claim the floor, but not to de-
bate.
The Clerk. The question is onjaying theres-
olution and amendment on the table.
Mr. ALLEN. I rise to inform the House of a
fact, and not io debate 
[I'alU to order.]
Mr. ALLEN, (continuing.) That is to say, that
gentlemen may know 
[Loud cries to order.]
Mr. ALLEN, (continuing.) What f understood
to be the fact, that some of the clergymen in this
city are suspected of being Abolitionists.
[Calls to order, and roars of laughter.)
Mr. VENABLE. I call the genetlman from
Massachusetts to order.
The question was again staled by the Clerk to
be on laying the resolution and amendment on the
table.
Mr. VAN DYKE called for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. V. D. also demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays; but tellers and the yeas and
nays were both refused.
And the question was then taken and decided
in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution and amendment were laid on
the table.
D EBATE.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose and sent to
the Clerk's table a resolution which he desired to
offer, and which was read in the following words:
Resolved, That the rule adopted ottyhe 14th in-stant, pro-
hibiting debate until a Speaker shall ive been elected, be
and the same is hereby suspended until the committees,
appointed by the Whig and Democratic parties to confer
upon the matter of organizing the House, shall have re-
ported.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. CASEY moved that it he laid on the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN made a similar motion-
Mr. ROOT remarked, that not having heard the
reading of the resolution, he would ask that it be
again read,
And the resolution was read accordingly.
The Clerk stated the tjugstion to be on the mo-
1 tion that the resolution be laid on the table. And
the Clerk put the question, and stated that from
the sound he thought it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hampton
and Levin were appointed.
And the question, " Shall this resolution be laid
upon the table ?" was then taken, and the affirma-
tive vote was announced aa 119.
So (a majority of the whole number of members
eldcted having voted in the affirmative) the resolu-
tion was laid on the table.
Mr. ASHMUN rose, and proceeded to remark
that he thought it must be very obvious to both
sides of the House that the motion 
[Loud calls to order.]
Mr. ASHMUN. 1 move that the House ad-
journ until Monday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The Clerk. It is moved' by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] that when this
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ASHMUN. That is not my motioft. It
is, that the House do now adjourn until Monday
at twelve o'clock.
The Clerk so stated the motion, and put to the
House the demand of Mr. Clingman for the yeas
and nays.
They were ordered, and having been taken,
were—yeas 71, nays 143.
So the House refused to adjourn to Monday
next.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved that the
House adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Tellers were ordered and appointed, (Messrs.
Clingman of North Carolina and Robinson of
Indiana.)
And the question having been taken, the affirm-
ative vote was declared to be 123.
The Clerk announced that a majority of the
whole number of members elected having voted
in the affirmative, the motion to adjourn was
agreed to.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The Clerk stated the demand, and was pro-
ceeding to ascertain if it was sustained, when—
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order. It was
this: that a majority of the House had voted in,
favor of adjournment; and that the House, there-
fore, stood adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock. We can (remarked Mr. J.) decide the
question as to the yeas and nays to-morrow.
Mr. LEVIN (in another part of the House)
suggested that the House had already adjourned,
the Clerk having announced the vote.
The Clerk put the question of order raised by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to the
House in this form, "That the question on the
yeas and nays could not be put, because the House,
by its own motion, had already adjourned."
[Much confusion and great merriment.]
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays
on the point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the point of order
be laid upon the table.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays
on that motion, but did not press the demand.
The question was then taken, " Shall the point
of order be laid upon the table?" and was decided
in the affirmative.
So the point of order was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on ordering the yeas
and navs on the motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. JONES. That question has been already
decided 
[Cries to order.]
Mr. JONES, (continuing.) And the House
stands adjourned 
[Cries to order ]
Mr. JONES, (continuing.) 1 make the point
of order now,
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether it would not
be in order for every member who thought that
the House had adjourned to go away? For his
own part, not thinking that the House had ad-
journed, he should stay.
Mr. McCLERNAND made a remark or sugges-
tion, of which nothing was heard orj the left of the
Chair.
Mr. BINGHAM rose to a point of order. It
was understood to be this; that the motion to lay
