1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"fe-.
June 7,
a certain quarter, that I have a bias—a partiality,
which need not exist, but which renders it proper
that I should relinquish my seat. 1 hope the Sen-
ate will allow me to do it.
The motion was then agreed to.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to fill the vacancy in the com-
mittee, caused by the resignation of Mr. King.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Pubiic
Buildings, made the following report:
JOINT KESOLUTION authorizing the expenditure of an
unexpended balance of an appropriation.
Resolved, £c., That so much of the appropriation made for
painting the Capitol as is yet unexpended and not required
for that purpose, be and the same hereby is transferred to
repairs upon the President's House; and that the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings he and he hereby is directed to
expend the said unexpended balance, or so much thereof as
is necessary, upon the President's House, and the out-build-
ings immediately adjoining; \%4iich was read and passed to
a second reading.
SEATS FOR REPORTERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings, submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate is hereby in-
structed to procure and cause to be placed in the area m the
centie, two ehans suitable for the purpose, the same to be
appropriated^ the use of the official reporters of the Senate
proceedings and debates.
I will state to the Senate that the object is to
place two movable chairs, with small tables or
benches ^gjphecl to the right arm, in front of the
Secretarjrs desk. I believe there the reporters
may be able to hear what is said by Senators, and
report more correctly than in their present position.
I ask that it may be acted upon now.
Mr. MANGUiM. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very sorry there is any
objection. 1 hope it will be withdrawn.
Mr. BADGER. 1 wish to ask whether unani-
mous consent is necessary to take up this resolu-
tion? It is reported from a committee, and not
introduced by a member. I am strongly in favor
of it, and I hope it will be considered.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will withdraw his objection. We can
pass the resolution in half a minute.
Mr. MANGUM. No, 1 will not. I am utterly
opposed to it. I think the Senate chamber is
designed for other purposes, and for the con-
venience of Senators, and that we should not lum-
ber up the Clerk's table.
Mr. HALE. I want to call the attention of the
Chair to the last words of the 26ih rule, which
says that every resolution shall lie on the table for
one day.
Mr. MANGUM withdrew his objection, and
the resolution was taken into consideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Noi;th Carolina says that he objects to lumbering
up the Senate chamber. The Senator evidently
do'cs not understand what the resolution proposes.
It is simply to place a chair like the one he sits on
for each of the reporters in front of the Secretary's
desk, with a small bench or table on the right arm
of the chair. When the reporter uses it, it will just
be that much in the way; when he is not there, and
the Senate wishes him not to be there, it will not
be in the way at alt.
Mr. BADGER. Let us try it. Tt is not a per-
manent fixture.
Mr. CLEMENS. I renew the objection to
taking up the resolution now."
Mr.vDAVIS. The objection was withdrawn,
and the resolution is now under consideration. If,
however, the Senator from Alabama objects, I will
let it lie upon the table; but I hope it will be taken
up to-morrow morning by general consent.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of so amending the pension
laws as tt^pJace the nffiocrs and soldiers of the drmy on the
same footing with the officers and seamen of the navy ofibe
United States. And further, into the propriety of providing
by law lor granting peqsions to the widows and orphans of
those soldiers, whether volunteers or rcgulats, who served
on the frontiers of the United States during the Jale war
with Mexico; and that the committee report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. KING submitted the following, which lies
over one day, under the rule:
Revolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate such information as his department
can furnish as to the practicability of removing the obstruc-
tion ana deepening the channel at Dog river bar, Choctaw
pass,'in Mobile bay, with the estimate of cost, if any'&Sch
has been made.
reorganization, of district courts;
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a hill to reorganize
the courts of the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
the compromise bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of California as a State into the Union, to
establish Territorial Governments for Utah and
New Mexico, and making proPosal3 to Texas
for the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, I desire to
submit, an amendment to the 39th section, as fol-
lows: Strike out the words—
"First. The northern boundary of said State shall be as
follows: Beginning at the point on the Rio del Norte, com-
monly called El Paso, and running up that river twenty
miles,measured by astraight line thereon; and thence east-
wardly, to a point where the hundredth degree of west
longitude crosses Red river, being the southwest angle in
thelme designated between the United States and Mexico,
and the same angle in the line of the territory set apart for
the Indians by the United States.
" The United States cede to the State of Texas all right,
claim, and title which they have to any territory lying south
of the line aforesaid. And the said State of Texas cedes to
the United States any right, claim, and title which it has io
any teintory l>mg north of the said line."
And insert the following: 9
« First. The boundaries of the said State of Texas shall
be confirmed and acknowledged as settled by her law of
limits, passed by hei Congiess in eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, and the sovereignty'over the whole of the leiri-
tory included in said boundaries shall be reserved absolutely
to the ?aid State of Texas.
" Second. That for the safety and comfort of the white
nhabitant*, and to enable the Government of the United
States the better to repress Indian depredations, and other-
wise control them in such manner as the peace of ihc coun-
try may require, the various Indian tribes within said Slate
shall be collected and removed to such part of the State of
Texas', worth of the thiity-fourth paiallel of north latitude, as
the Legislature thereof may direct; and such collection and
removal &hall be made under the authority and at the ex-
pense of the United States."
Mr. President, (continued Mr. Clemens,) when
I gave noticeof this and of other amendments.it was
my purpose, of course, to discuss them. But, as
we have notice now that there will be a motion
made on Monday next which will cut off all amend-
ments, and as 1 am exceedingly anxious that the
vote should be taken upon all amendments, I do
not intend to discuss any of the amendments which
I have offered now. I want votes. I may, how-
ever, discuss them when a suitable opportunity
presents itself. I take occasion .to say that the
amendments offered on this side of the House have
been offered in good faith, and with the honest
purpose of improving the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " shall be confirmed,"
and inserting " are hereby recognized."
Several Senators. Accept tire amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I accept the amendment.
The amendment therefore now stands: "The
boundaries of the said State of Texas are hereby
recognized and acknowledged as settled," &c.
Mr. CLAY". Mr. President, the amendment, I
believe, which has been proposed by the Senator
from Alabama is to strike out the proposition made
to Texas for the purchase of the portion of her ter-
i ritory which is designated in the bill; that is to
| say, the territory claimed by her, embracing New
I Mexico; to strike out all the propositions, if I un-
! demand the amendment, made to- Texas for set-
I tling the question of her title to the territory which
| I have described, and in lieu of them to recognize
1 and confirm her rights, as claimed by her, from the
! mouth to the source of the Rio Grande.
J Mr. President, I had hoped that I would not be
; compelled to address the Senate any more on
| amendments to this bill; but the one now offered
1 renders it necessary that I should say a few words.
| The effect of the proposition of the Senator from
! Alabama isto leave the whole territory ever claimed,
j by Texas, including New Mexico, in the posses-
j sion of Texas, sovereignty and all, and conse-
! quently to place New Mexico under the perrna-
1 nent dominion of Texas. To that, for one, I
cannot consent. This I consider to be far the
most important amendment which has been, or
which probably will be offered to this bill. I con-
ceive that there is a good deal of misunderstand-
ing on this subject, both in the country and in
Congress; and 1 desire, at this stage of the bill, to
present a few considerations to the Senate and. to
the country, without, however, discussing at any
length the various questions connected with the
boundaries of Texas.
The questions involved in the amendment are
very complicated, and it requires earnest attention
to comprehend it. ft involves questions of title,
questions of law, and perhaps some other ques-
tions. Before 1 consider any of these questions,
let me say that the whole section which it is pro-
posed to strike out, amounts to nothing more than
a proposal, on the part of the Government of the
United States to the Government of Texas, to settle
and quiet a disputed title. That is the view I take
of it. If these proposals be acceded to by Texas,
then the question of title in controversy is quieted*
and settled. If they are rejected, both Texas and
the United States revert back respectively to all
the rights which they possessed prior to making
the proposals. It is, therefore, a mere overture to
settle a territorial matter in dispute beween Texas
and New Mexico and the United States.
It has been said that the proposals involved a
great concession of slave territory to the princi-
ple of free territory. Sir, I think I shall be able
to show that, upon a certain hypothesis, which
may be well assumed, there is a great conversion
of free territory into slave territory; that there ia
a concession of three-fourths of the disputed ter-
ritory to slavery by the terms of the proposals to
Texas. I say upor. a certain hypothesis. I do
not mean, at this time of day, to enter into a dis-
cussion of the validity of the title of Texas to all
that portion of the territory conceded to us by
Mexico lying east of the Rio Grande. That ques-
tion has been discussed again and again. It has
been very ably discussed by two or three mem-
bers now in my eye. It has been discussed by
the distinguished Senator fiom Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,], who upon that occasion, displayed, as
he does upon almost all occasions, the extent and
the value of his diligent researches It was dis-
cussed by a member from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce] also, who contended with great ability
that the Nueces was the western limtt of Texas;
and, consequently, that the hypothesis to which I
allude is correct. I do not deem it necessary
again to discuss, and now to settle the question of
the controverted title. And I beg leave to say to
those who believe in one state of the title, and to
those who believe that the opposite state of title
exists, not to draw from any observations which
1 am about to make, conclusions favorable or un-
favorable to the one side or the other.
Sir, we know that-this question has greatly di-
vided the people of the United Slates—whether
the western boundary of Texas was or was not
the Nueces. I believe I may say that one great
party in the United States, without, as far as I
know, any exception, were of opinion, a few years
ago, that the Nueces was the western limit of Tex-
as. But that opinion was not confined to that
party. The distinguished Senatorfrom Missouri,
to whom I have referred, on the other side of the
Chamber, belonging to the other party, was always
of that opinion. We all remember—none of us
can forget—the great effect of the powerful speech
of the honorable Senator. Though not a member
of this body at that time, I must confess that 1 read
the speech of the honorable Senator from Missouri
with great attention, and I went along with him
generally in the conviction which he sought to im-
press upon the Senate and upon the public mind;
but, while I abstain, and mean cautiously to
abstain, from going into the general discussion,
whether the Nueces or the Rio Grande from its
mouth to its source was the western boundary of
Texas, as declared by the act of the Congress of
Texas of 1836, I will say that I think Texas
would be unwise, extremely unwise, if she desires
to increase the sphere of slave territory, to submit
that question to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States. Sir, assuming that the Nu-
eces was the western limit of Texas—and that is
the hypothesis to which I have referred—upon
that predicate, there is a cession of free territory to
slavery of the country extending frona the Nueces
to the Rio Grande, and from the mouth of theRio
Grande up to 36° 30' of north latitude. That extent
of territory upon the Rio Grande is about one
thousand two hundred and fifty miles, about three-
