02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
resolution, or any other rule or resolution. It is
an unauthorized infringement of the great right of
freedom of speech. The Constitution and the law
of 1789 
[Load cries to order.]
Mr. TOOMBS. You may cry order, gentlemen,
till the heavens fall; you cannot take this place
from me. i have the right to protest against this
transaction. It in with you to say whether this
right shall be yielded, and when it shall be yielded.
I desire, then, gentlemen of the House, toshowthat
you are without rules, and that no orders can 
[Cries to order—" Sit down; you have no right
to debate."]
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.) I am attempting
to show to you that no man can rise to order 
[Calls to order ]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.) I say that, by the
law of 1798, this House, until a Speaker is elected
and gentlemen have taken the oath of office, has
no right to adopt any rules whatsoever.
[Loud cries of" Order!"]
Mr. TOOMBS, Gentlemen may amuse them*
selves by crying order———
[Calls to order.]
Mr. TOOMBS. But I have the right, and I in-
tend to maintain the right to 
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call upon the Clerk to
put the question, and let us see whether the gen-
tleman will disregard the order of this House.
Mr. TOOVJBS. I have the floor, and the
Clerk cannot put thequestion. i submit that 
(Calls to order.]
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.) The Clerk has
not the right to put the question of order.
[" Order ! order1."]
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.) That it cannot
be done. The House has no right. Gentlemen
may cry " order," and interrupt me. It is mere
brute force, attempting, by the power of lungs, to
put down a gentleman in the exercise of his
right.
[Cries to ord*r.]
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.) But gentlemen
cannot deprive me of my rights. I shall insist
upon them to the last extremity.
Mr. VAN DYKE. It is for the House to de-
cide whether the gentleman is in order or not.
The Clerk The gentleman from New Jersey
rises to a question of order, and calls the gentle-
man fiom Georgia to order. The question sub-
mitted to the House is 
Mr TOOMBS, (*til' retaining the floor.) I deny
the right of the Clerk to put the question. I
have the floor; and i submit that the Clerk has
not the right to put this question until I have
yielded the floor. Where (addressing the Clerk)
is vour authority ?
The Clerk. The res)lution adopted by the
House on the ]4'h instant.
Mr TOOMBS There is none.
Mr. T. remained upon the floor and was pro-
ceeding with his remarks, while—
The Clerk at the same time was propounding;
the question of order to the House, which was,
that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Vam
Dyke] having called the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] to order, the question for the House
to decide was, whether the gentleman from Geor-
gia should be allowed to proceed.
The question was put, and the Clerk announced
that without a division the point of order was sus-
tained by the House, and the gentleman from
Georgia decided out of order.
Mr TOOMBS was still upon the floor, and had
been speaking during the entire time in whifch the
question upon the point of order was propounded
and taken, and the vote declared.
Mr. T. continued: Having the right to the floor,
I shall proceed to the argument of this question.
[Cries of '* Order!"—much conversation and
confusion in all paits of the Hall.]
Mr.TOOMBS,(continuing.) I can speak if gen-
tlemen interrupt and speak at the same time.
The Clerk (while Mr. T was still continuing
-to spreak) stated that the question now recurred
upon the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Inge] to rescind the resolution of rhe 14th
instant prohibiting debate until after the election of
Speaker.
[Calls for the question—u Call the roll!"]
Mr. TOOMBS. I deny the right of the Clerk
to put the question. I am upon the floor, and it is
my right to 
[Calls for the yeas and nays from various parts
of the House.]
The Clerk, (Mr. T. still upon the floor.) The
yeas and nays are demanded upon the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge.] Gen-
tlemen, you who are in favor of agreeing to the
motion will, when your names are called, say
44 aye;" those of a contrary opinion will say
u no.*' The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.) I deny the right
of these gentlemen to——
[Cries of " Older !"—" Call the roil!"]
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall debate the question,
whether you call the roll or not.
[Great confusion.]
Mr. BRECK. 1 move that this House do now
adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing.y I keep upon the
floor. Shall the Clerk deprive me of my constitu-
tional rights? ["Order, order."] Shall members,
by crying "order," deprive me of those rights?
I desire to show my rights under the Constitution.
You do well to call the roll, and to cry " order;"
[loud calls to order]—but I deny the right of any
and every man to interrupt me.
[Cries of " Go it, Toombs"—" Call the roll"—
" Order*'—and great confusion. In the midst of
this, and while Mr. T. was still addressing the
House—
The Clerk commenced to take the yeas and
nays, on the motion of Mr. Inge.
Mr. TOOMBS continued to speak.
[Great confusion prevailed.]
He said: If you seek, by violating the common
law of Parliament, the laws of the land, and the
Constitution of the United States, to put me down,
[" order, order"—"call the roll,"J you will find
it a vain and futile attempt. [" Order, order." I
am sure 1 am indebted to the ignoranceof my char-
acter of those who are thus disgracing themselves,
[•♦order, order,"] if they suppose any such efforts
as they are now making will succeed in driving
me from the position I have assumed. [" Order,
order."] it is too strongly planted in (.he very
foundations of public liberty. [" Order, order."]
I stand upon the Constitution of iny country, upon
the liberty of speech, ["order, order,"] which you
have treacherously violated, and upon the rights
of my constituents, and your fiendish yells may
be well raised to drown an argument which you
tremble to hear. Yo i claim and have exercised
the power to prevent all debate upon any and every
subject, ["order, order,"] yet you have not even
as yet shown your right tu sit here at all. I will
not presume that yoj have any such right—["or-
der, order,"J—I will not suppose that the Ameri-
can people have selected such agents to tepresent
them ; and 1 therefore demand that they shall
comply with the act of 1739, before I shall be
bound to submit to their authority. [Loud cries
of "Order, order."] The second section of that
act is these words:
"That at the first session of Congress after every
general election of representatives, theoath or affir-
mation aforesaid shall be administered by any one
member of the House of Representatives to the
Speaker, and by him to all the members present,
and to the Clerk, previous to entering on any other
business."
This you have not done. ["Order, order."]
Your power to make rules for your own govern-
ment does not belong to you in your unorganized
condition. [Cries of "Order."] You must first
be sworn to obey the Constitution before you can
bind me, or yourselves, or any other citizen, by
your rules. [Loud cries of "Order, order."]
You refuse to hear either the Constitution or
the law, or the comments upon it. Perhaps you
do well to listen to neither; they all speak a voice
of condemnation to your reckless proceedings.
But if you will not hear them, the country will.
Every freeman, from the Atlantic to the Pacific
shore shall hear them, and every honest man will
consider them. They are the securities for his
rights as well as mine. You cannot stifle the voice
that shall reach their ears. The electric shock
shall proclaim to the freemen of this Republic
["Order, order"] that an American Congress, hav-
ing conceived the purpose to violate the Constitu- i
tion and the laws, to conceal those enormities, have |
disgraced the record of their proceedings by j
placing upon it~& resolution that their representa- I
tivesshall not be heard in their defence; and finding
this illegal resolution inadequate to-secure so vile
an end, have resorted to brutish yells and cries, to
stifle the words of those whom they cannot intim-
idate. [<{ Order, order. "J The law is clear, plain,
conclusive. You cannot answer it. It has been
solemnly affirmed by an American Congress in
1839. [" Order,order."] I read from the Congres-
sional Globe, page 56: On motion of Mr. Drom-
goole, of Virginia, to adopt the standing rules and
orders of the (then) last House of Representatives
as the rules and orders of that House, it was
moved by Mr. Lewis Williams to lay the resoiu*
tion on th^table. Mr. W. C.Johnson here made
a point of order, that by the act of 1789, to which I
have referred, the House had no power to adopt
rules until they were sworn. The Speaker (Mr.
R. M. T. Hunter) suggested that the better way of
deciding the question would be on the motion (of
Mr. Williams) to it lay on the table. The yeas
and nays were called, and the resolution was laid
upon the table by the casting vote of the Speaker:
Congress thus deciding that, even after d more
advanced stage of the proceedings, after a Speaker
was elected, the House could not, before its mem-
bers were sworn, even adopt rules for their own
government. [The Clerk still continued to call
the roll, a few members were: answering, others
inquiring what was the question, others demand-
ing that their names, should be called, and great
confusion; during all of which, Mr. T. held on
in his remarks.]
I ask (said Mr. T.) by what authority that
man (pointing to the Clerk's desk) stands there
and calls those names? By what authority does
he interfere with the rights of a member of this
House? [The Clerk continued to call ] Fie is
an intruder, and how dares he to interrupt mem-
bers in the exercise of their constitutional rights?
Gentlemen, has the sense of shame departed with
your sense of right, that you permit a creature,
an interloper, in nowise connected with you, to
stand at that desk and interrupt yourorder. ["Or-
der, order."]
I have shown you that the House of Repre-
sentatives decided this question in 1839, pending
the New Jersey contested election. At the heaa
of the names affirming it, stands that of John Q,.
Adams—a gentleman distinguished at least for his
vast and varied knowledge of constitutional law
and the science of government. The members of
the House whose seats were not contested having
decided (before they were sworn or organized)
that the votes of certain members of New Jersey
should not be counted, and the validity of that de-
cision being insisted upon, Mr. Adams said, "That
decision was illegal, unconstitutional, null and
void, on the ground, also, that the House, in its
then unorganized state, had no power under the
Constitution to decide any question." The his-
tory of that whole controversy shows such to have
been the general opinion of the House, as I am
prepared to show from the debates now before me;
but as the House seems to be a little more patient,
I will not inflict further quotations upon them.
The House continued, without making any new
rules, for days, until it was finally organized, and
the members were sworn; then rules were adopted
for us government.
If, then, the House,' before its organization,
could decide no question, how can it enact a law,
binding upon its members,abridging the liberty of
speech? I venture to say that no such rule was
ever before adopted in any deliberative assembly.
It is without a precedent in the annals of civiliza-
tion. Even the revolutionary tribunals of France,
during the Reign ofTerror, did not soil their blood-
stained records with an order denying the liberty
of speech. This deed was reserved for yon, rep-
resentatives of a free people. ["Order! order!]
What, then, is your condition ?—what your rights,
and what your duties, in your present condition ?
! Under the Constitution yon have the right " to
, choose your Speaker and other officers." This
' must be done in conformity to existing laws, for
; you cannot now make a new law. The general
j parliamentary law, the common law of Parliament,
i as far as it is not inconsistent with your Consti-
; tution and statute law, is your law. By it you
I are bound, until you are in a condition to make
i others. It is amply sufficient for all legitimate
purposes of organization. Thirty Congresses
have met and been organized under it, and no such
tyrannical proceeding as that which you have
