1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
tionable title to all the territory "east of the Rio
Grande, I am willing, and I believe th$ people of
Texas will be willing, to adjust this difficulty by
eedmg a portion of our territory, if she be paid a
reasonable and fair compensation for it. I believe
that the people of Texas, in common with the
people of the United States everywhere, will re-
joice if we adjust this matter. To be sure, there
will be some fanatics, in some parts of the coun-
try, who will cry out against the adjustment, if it
shall have been made; but they will find that the
people will not follow, and they will give up their
agitation'.
If we pass this bill, or some such scheme for
adjusting the matters in dispute, Congress can
once more come to consider some questions in
which the general interests of the country are con-
cerned. Then, sir, I will say that Texas will
make any sacrifice not degrading to her, will ac-
cept any terms" to enable her to adjust matters
with her creditors for fixing her northern bound-
ary, provided that by so doing, she can contribute
to the general peace and harmony of the Union.
I shall vote for this amendment. At the same
time, 1 must say that the character of the amend-
ment is mistaken by the Senator from Kentucky.
It only strikes out that part of the proposal to
Texas with reference ti her boundary, and gives
the territory above the 34th parallel of north lati-
tude to the United States to settle the Indians upon.
I intended to say something upon this part of the
subject, but as that question is not now before the
Senate, Ijgill forbear doing so, and will content
myself wwfwhat I have already said.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have listened to
the Senator from Texas with a great deal of pleas-
ure. He satisfies me that he talks earnestly. I
have risen (o call the attention of the Senate to a
fact that is to be found in the legislation of the
country. He speaks of the act of the Government
recognising the boundary of Texas to be as she
claims. I understand that when the Senator spoke
of the Government he spoke of the President.
Now, I do not consider that the President is the
whole Government 
Mr. RUSK. I spoke of the treaty-making power
—the President and the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I want to call the attention of the
Senator from Texas to an act of the Congress of
the United States, approved by the President
March 3, 1845. We must remember that the
resolutions for the annexation of Texas were ap-
proved on the first day of the same month of
March.
Mr. RUSK. I think that T can save the Senator
some trouble. I have seen in several newspapers
an account of that act, and I see nothing in at all.
The joint resolutions of annexation passed, I be-
lieve, on the 3d of March, 1845. They were not
presented to Texas until July of that year, and on
the 4th of July the people of Texse, in convention
assembled, assented to the terms of the resolutions
of annexation. The Republic of Texas was not
the State of Texas until the year 1846. All the
preliminaries were not complete until the diy that
the Congress of the United States accepted Texas
as a State of the Union. So that the act to which
the Senator refers amounts to nothing.
Mr. HALE. The* Senator does not exactly
meet my point. The Senator is mistaken in the
date of the resolutions of annexation. The joint
resolutions for the annexation of Texas to the'Um-
ted States, or, as it should be more properly
termed, the annexation of the United States to
Texas, passed on the first day of March, 1845.
The joint resolution to which 1 referred—and I do
not refer to it as binding on Texas, or showing
what Texas assented to, "but as showing what all
the departments of this Government thought—was
.passed on the third day of March, 1845, two days
•after the resolutions of annexation were passed.
"The title of that joint resolution was, " Joint res-
olution flowing a drawback on foreign goods and
merchandize exported to Chihuahua and Santa
Fe, in New Mexico." 1 do not call attention to
this as indicative of any assent on the part of
Texas to the limitation of her boundary, but as
an act of the Government of the United States—
of the same Congress that annexed Texas, show-
ing that that Congress which annexed Texas, and
that that President which approved the joint reso-
lution annexing Texas, did not believe that they
annexed Santa Fe, in New Mexico, because two
days after the approval of the joint resolution for
annexation, he approved a joint resolution allowing
a drawback on foreign goods and merchandize
exported to Santa Fe, in New Mexico. That is
one fact to which I beg to call the attention of the
Senate.
There is another fact that is to be found in the
resolutions of annexation. That fact is briefly
alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky. The
question is, what was annexed to the" United
States, or to what, more properly speaking, was
the United States annexed? The resolutions of
annexation read as follows: " That all that terri-
tory properly included within and rightfully be-
longing to the Republic of Texas may be erected
into a new State." That seemed to proceed upon
the supposition that some claim was put up by
Texas which was not rightful, and that Congress
meant to annex only that which was rightfully
included within the limits of Texas.s
According to the honorable Senator from Texas,
the resolutions of annexation only allow the Gov-
ernment of the United States to adjust the question
of boundary between Texas anil Mexico. But
those resolutions do not so read. Mexico is not
named in them, and the resolutions confidently
contemplated the questions of boundary with more
than one Government. I suppose that the reso-
lutions refer to matters of boundary between
Texas and some of the Mexican States. I believe
New Mexico was one of the Mexican States.
Will the honorable Senator inform me whether it
was a State, or whether it was a territory?
Several Senators: It was a State.
Several other Senators. It was a territory.
Mr. RUSK. It was a province.
Mr. HALE. About one-third of the Senate
answer that New Mexico was a State; one-third
answer that it was a territory, and still another
third, that it was a province.
Mr. DOUGLAS. New Mexico never was a
State of the Confederacy. It was meiely a prov-
ince.
Mr. HALE. I find that the resolutions of an-
nexation provide that any question of boundary
which may arise with other Governments may be
adjusted by this Government with such Govern-
ments. I suppose this meant the local govern-
ments into which Mexico was divided, not recog-
nizing the Supreme Government of Mexico as the
sole jurisdiction. I do not propose to enter into
the question of boundaiy now, or to discuss the
question whether this Government succeeded to
the rights of Mexico. Nor shall I go into the
question of whether the territory we acquired was
acquired for the benefit of Texas. I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Texas that I only want
light on this subject: I do not want to act on a fa-
natical idea. But 1 wish to suggest this further
inquiry: whether it be a sound principle that a
State ad joining a foreign territory may, by a mere
act of its own legislature, extend its boundaries so
that whenever we negotiate with the power to
whom that territory rightfully belonged we could
not possibly acquire it. without giving it to the
State whose legislature had asserted a claim to it?
Let me illustrate for a moment. Suppose that the
State of Maine were to pass a law including within
its boundaries the province of New Brunswick
and Nova Scotia, and it were to stand upon their
statute book very much as did the claim of the
King of England in olden days to be the King of
Great Britain, France, and Ireland. Then if, in
the piogiess of events, we should acquire New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia from the Crown of
Great Britain by treaty, would it follow that be-
cause the State of Maine had asserted her author-
ity over New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, when
we by treaty would have to pay a liberal price for
the territory, would that be acquired for the ben-
efit of the State of Maine, or for the henefit of the
United States, -who pay theprice? Now, itseems
to me that the gentleman makes an assumption
that is not warranted by any principle of ethics,
morals, or politics. He assumes the position that
a mere act, existing in the shape of a statute, un-
executed and unaccompanied by authority and by
possession, if the fact be so, gives the right to the
territory so claimed. I say thatthat is an assump-
tion unwarranted by any principle of morals,
ethics, or politics.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the act of 1845
was passed at a time when no obligations existed
between the State of Texas and the'United States.
An overture had just passed between the two Gov-
ernments, and, as a matter of course, those who
passed the law to which the Senator has referred,
had no refe'rence to the pending question of annex-
ation. 1 think that the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire is disposed to do what is just in
this matter. The joint resolution to which the
Senator refers cannot be so ridiculously construed
as to make this Government enter into contracts
and arrangements with subordinate departments of
a foreign Government. We had no minister at
Santa Fe, nor at Chihuahua. This Government
only knew the Supreme Government of Mexico.
Now with regard to the state of facts. Here waa
the claim of Texas understood by this Govern-
ment. This Government proposed to settle it with
other Governments. What coultHh'e term " other
Governments" have meant? Does anybody sup-
pose, and would it be consistent to suppose, that
under the term " other Governments" was lurk-
ing a right, on the part of the United States, to
avail herself of any part of Texas? Il is out of
the question, and preposterous to enter into such
an argument as that. Does any one suppose that
the Government of the United States meant to step
in and take a part of the territory claimed by Texas,
and especially Santa Fe, because the joint resolu-
tions of annexation contained a very significant
fact, which has reference directly to this very ter-
ritory in dispute? That is, that all that part of
Texas north of the parallel of 36° 30' of north lati-
tude, when it comes to be admitted into the Union,
shall be admitted as a free State. Now, Santa
Fe is south of 36° 30', and the United States stip-
ulated for the future disposition, as belonging to
Texas, of all the territory north of 36° 30'. What
could that mean? What reference could it have?
What boundary could the United States have
meant, except the boundary laid down by the law
of Texas? That was intended to be recognized,
and nothins less, in my opinion. ^
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 think it is
essential to put in some other facts for the consid-
eration of the Senator from Texas, which are also
necessary to be regarded in the decision of this
question of boundary. I have not the documents
by me which contain the facts to which I allude;
but as I do not propose to go into any argument
beyond what may arise from a statement of evi-
dence, perhaps my memory will enable me to state
the points so that they may be understood. He
thinks the law of 1843 (passed a day or two after
the resolutions of Congress for annexing Texas)
intended to regulate trade and intercourse with Chi-
huahua and Santa Fe, as foreign territory, should
not be considered as evidence at all conclusive that
Santa Fe was no part of Texas at that time, but
a part-of Mexico, as Texas had not then assented
to the proposals contained in the resolutions, and
Congress did not know what the decision would
be. This may be conceded; but it affords no solu-
tion of the fact that the title was considered to be
in Mexico, and not in Texas; for, however the
question was decided by Texas, it could not alter
the claims of Mexico. He then asks if the United
States had any minister or public agent in these
places? I answer, yes; we had not a diplomatic
agent, nor could we have one in those provinces;
bu.t we had at Santa Fe a consul to watch over and
protect the trade, and to cause the rights of our
citizens to be protected; and a consul remained
£,ere—and this civil relation with a foreign coun-
try was continued until the United States took pos-
session of the country by an ai med force. Gene-
ral Kearny found such an officer there, and trade
and intercourse between the two countries were
carried on under this and other laws up to that
time. The law, therefore, was not passed, nor has
it been executed under any mistake or misappre-
hension, but in the full belief that we were dealing
with Mexico aVid not with Texas. It would, per-
haps, be of some service in adjusting this question,
which is of some considerable importance, since
the disposition of some millions of dollars is em-
braced in it, to know what the Government of the
United States have thought in relation to this title
to the territory. Well, sir, we learn what the
Government thought of this matter by referring to
its action at the time Mr. Shdell was sent as a
Minister to Mexico after the annexation and before
the war. Mexico had recalled her Minister from
this country, and indicated something like un-
friendly feeling, if not hostility toward ns,and our
Minister had retired from Mexico. After the re-
lations ofjhis description had been ruptured, the
