1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
United States sentMr.Slidell as a Minister to that
country to see whether an adjustment could not be
made. The instructions given to this Minister
are of some importance, and they bear pretty dis-
tinctly on this question, and, 1 think, pretty
strongly too. If Senators will turn their attention
to this document, which will be found among the
public documents of 1847-'8, they will find what
were then deemed to be the facts in the case, which
are contained in a letter from Mr. Buchanan to
Mr. Slidell, the date of which I do not now recol-
lect; but they will find the President of the United
States saying, in so many words, that Texas never
had possession of the province of New Mexico—
if a province it be. Of that territory which is
called .New Mexico, he says thatTexas never had
at any time established her sovereignty there, and
that the people of the territory never acknowledged
her jurisdiction, and that they had never been rep-
resented in any of the conventions or of the legis-
lative assemblies of Texas, and that, at the time
the United States sent a military force to subdue
this country, it was found in possession of Mexico,
and the people had a Mexican governor, acknowl-
edging allegiance to that country. And, moreover,
the President states in this document, that not only
do these facts exist, but there was an organized
force there to resist their taking possession by our
army. The President comes very distinctly to
the conclusion that Texas never had asserted any
right of conquest over this country; she had never
established her jurisdiction, her sovereignty, or
la%vs, over the country. [Note 1.]
In the absence of other title by treaty stipula-
tions, the President considered this country as
belonging to the Republic of Mexico, and he
therefore proceeded to treat the subject of its final
disposition, as if it belonged to Mexico. He in-
structs the Minister, therefore, to make certain pro-
positions founded on that idea. Now, 1 ask the
attention of my friend from Texas to these propo-
sitions, to see if he can reconcile them with the ex-
istence of an unquestioned title in Texas, as he
supposes. One proposition was to obtain a cession
of New Mexico to the United Slates, and by New
Mexico he is understood to embrace that tract of
country east of the river, and north of El Paso,
and west of the river to the mountains which
boun'd the valley, and along these mountains north-
ward till the line comes again to the river, then up
the Del Norte to its source, and thence due north
to the boundary of the United States. That seems
to have been marked out as the boundary to be
sought by the cession which was to be made.
The President represents this valley as a long and
narrow tract of country, and he proposes, if the
Mexican Government will cede to the United
States this province of Mexico, thus bounded by
the mountains which bound the valley west of the
river, that he would assume the claims which the
citizens of the United States had against the Gov-
ernment of the Republic of Mexico, be the amount
more or be it less. If they would cede this terri-
tory, the Minister is further authorized to give five
millions of dollars, in addition to assuming the
claims of the citizens of the United States against
Mexico, the amount of which in the aggregate
was found to be something more than six millions
of dollars. This was the proposition which the
Minister was authorized to make in behalf of the
United States, to obtain a cession of this territory
of New Mexico from the Republic of Mexico.
Then the .President, supposing that Mexico
might be willing to cede the territory east of the
Rio Grande, whilst unwilling to cede the country
west of it, directs the Minister to make another
proposition, which is this: that if Mexico would
cede precisely the sameterritorjjaround which the
Republic of Texas had run her boundary on paper,
in 1836, he would giveas an equivalent, or assume
as an equivalent, all the claims which the citizens
of the United States had against the Republic of
Mexico, amounting, as the same document states,
in the aggregate, to something like six millions of
dollars. In other words, he proposed to pur-
[NOTE 1.]
Doe. 52, p. 77,1st session 30th Consress, 1847-'8.
Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Slidell.
"Th<> case is different in regard to New Mexico. Santa
F6 il«s capital, was settled by the Spaniards more than two
centuries ago; and that province has been e>;er since in their
ltosse*sion and that of the Republic of Mexico. The Texans
never have conquered or taken possession of it, nor have its
people ever been represented in any of their Iegblative as-
semblies or conventions."
ehase of the Republic of Mexico, the ?ery terri-
tory which the honorable Senator now asserts was
at that time territory within tft^ jurisdiction of, and
belonging to, the republic of Texas. [Note 2.]
That was the proposition made by the President
of the United States in the instructions given to
Mr. Slide]!. If my memory serves me, I have
stated the propositions correctly. In connection
with the instructions, the President makes this
very significant remark:
"It Is hardly to be supposed that, for the narrow strip of
land along the river and west of it, the Republic of Mexico
will refuse the sum of five millions of dollars."
Subsequently, the same President sent a mil-
itary force there, and they found the country in
the possession of the Republic of Mexico, and
they conquered and took possession of it; and it
is a fair inference from the whole statement con-
tained in these instructions, and from the subse-
quent facts revealed, that the United States had a
twofold title to the country—first, because we had
conquered it with our arms; and, second, because
we subsequently purchased it, and paid a large
sum of money for it. We both conquered and
took it by cession, and paid for it. ]Now, let these
facts stand together, in their historical order, and
we shall see their bearing upon the title of Texas.
The President says, whilst making the proposi-
tion I have named, that Texas never had any juris-
diction over New Mexico, and her laws never
were extended over any part or parcel of it.
In the mean time, and up to this time, we were
maintaining relations with New Mexico, through
Mexico herself, as with a foreign country. We
had a consul there, and exported merchandize as
to a foreign country. We then established a gov-
ernment there, under the authority of the Presi-
dent of the United States, over a conquered peo-
ple, which has continued from that time to this
time without any material change—a government
which was the result of conquest, in the first place,
and then continued under the cession by treaty.
What I desire is, that the Senator should show
that these facts are consistent with his claims; that
these obstacles can be surmounted, and the right
of Texas to the country be fairly established. If
that can be done, I am ready to vote for it. If
Texas posseses this territory, and, above all, be-
fore I am called upon to fill up the blank contained
in this bill, which proposes to give how many
millions of dollars I do not know, 1 want the ques-
tion of title made plain. The proposition, as it
now stands, is to re-purchase the territory from
Texas, after having conquered and purchased it
from Mexico. I think tins demands some ex-
planation, to say the least of it; but if it is just,
and right, and proper, that Texas shall receive a
[Note 2.]
"Thelon«and narrow valley of New Mexico or Santa
F6, is situated on both bank? of the Upper del Norte, and is
bounded on both sides by mountains."
" Bur the President is de«irous to deal liberally by Mex-
ico. You are therefore authorized to offer to assume the
paymentof all the ju«t claims of our citizens against Mexico;
and, in addition, to pay five millions of dollars in ease the
Mexican Government shall ngree to establish the boundary
between the two countries from the mouth of the Rio Grande
up the principal stream to the point where it touches the
line of New Mexico ; thence westerly of the river along the
exterioi line of that piovmce, and so as to include the whole
within the United States until H again intersects the river,
(Rio Grande,) thence up the principal stream oi the same to
its source; and thence due north until it intersects the 4'2d
degree of north latitude."
This line was to run along the mountains which consti-
tute the western boundary of the valley of the river. The
President then proceeds:
« Should the Mexican authorities prove* unwilling to ex-
tend our boundary betfond the Pel Norte, you are in that
event instructed to offer to assume the payment of all claims
of citizens of the United States ajram^t Mexico, should she
agree that the line shall be established along the boundary
defined bv the act of the Congress of Texas, approved De-
cember 19,183Q, to wit, beginning at the mouth of the Rio
Grande; thence up the principal stream of said river to its
source; thence due north to the 43d degree of north lati-
tude."
"It is scaiceiy to be supposed, however, that Mexico
would relinquish five millions of doll rs for the sake of re-
taining the narrow strip of trmtory in the valley of New
Mexico west of the Kio Giande."
Claims of citizens of the United Slates on J'tfezico.
1. Amountallowed by the decision of both
boards of Commis^oners  $439,393
2. Amount allowedon disagreement by the
umpire .    l,5S3,74o
3. Amount allowed hy our Commissioners,
and not acted on by the umpire 
4. Amount not acted oil   
Aggregate claimed    $5,391,603
sum of money, I shall cheerfully vote for it. Buf
I want to see that it is right in the first place. , '
This subject was again considered it? a message
of the President, sent to Congress in July, 1848,
in which he reiterates the opinion to which I.have
adverted, as contained in the instructions to Mr.
Slidell, [Note 3.] He goes for the title of Texas
to all the country below El Paso, on the river, and
down that to its mouth; but he declares the case of
New Mexico to be quite different. He means to
have it understood that Texas neither acquired it
by conquest, by possession, by treaty, or by any
| other mode by which a country 'can Be scgaired
| by one nation from another, so as to come unqer'Uje
I sovereignty of the country. I know that an ex-
planation of this has been offered. X know that a
convention was entered into with Santa Anna
when he became a prisoner to Texas, after the
battle of San Jacinto; and that whilst thus a pris-
oner, he, with other officers, entered into a conven-
tion with Texas, and that convention recognised
the right of Texas to the boundary established by
the act of 1836. That convention between these
prisoners of war and the State of Texas'ls one of
the arguments which is set up to establish'the title
and claim of Texas. I think I have heard the
honorable Senator maintain on this floor that it
was a good and sufficient evidence of title. It
seems to me it needs some support, to say the
least.
In the first place, is it not true that this prisoner
of war was not the Government of Mexico ? Was
it not true that he had no authority from the Gov-
ernment of Mexico to make such a treaty as this ?
But, without adverting to the fact of making a
treaty with a man who is a prisoner, and mani-
festly incompetent to bind the country, the terms
of that agreement were not pretended to be of ob-
ligatory force. Santa Anna and others made a
solemn promise to exercise such powers and such
influence as they had to induce the Government of
Mexico to make a similar treaty with Texas, and
declare it to be an independent State. This is all
they did, and they did not go beyond that. Here,
then, is a promise made by prisoners of war, and
not by the Government of Mexico; and there-
fore it is difficult to see how it could have power
and efficacy till the Government of Mexico, in .
some form, recognixed it. if I recollect right, it
was a fundamental principle in the Mexican gov-
ernment that the moment a chief magistrate took
command of the army his power as a civil Gov-
ernor ceased. The constitution provided at once
for a successor; and it would be an error to'sup-
pose that Santa Anna was at the head of the Gov-
ernment, and had the right to exercise the powers
which properly belonged to the chief civil gov-
ernor of the country, as those powers were then
in other hands. It is enough to say that this con-
vention resulted in nothing. - Mexico did not in
any way sanction the transaction. She did noth-
ing to establish this convention, so far as I recol-
lect.
Mr. UPHAM. If the Senator will allow me,
I will read the articles of agreement entered into
between the President of Texas and Santa Anna,
and other Mexican officers.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be glad to have the Sena-
tor to do so.
Mr. UPHAM then read as follows:
« Articles of agreement and solemn compact, made and
adopted by David G. Burnet, President of the Republic of
Texas, and the undersigned members of the Cabinet there-
of on the one pan, and Don Antonio Lopez, de Santa Anna,
President of the Republic of Mexico, and Don Vmceme
Fili^ola, General of Divisions, Don Jose Uiea, Don Joaquin
llatmres v Sesma, and Don Antonio Gaona, Generals of
Brigades of th^ armies of Mexico."
"See. 10. The President, Santa Anna, and the Gen-
eral Don Vincente Filisola, Don Jose Ure«, Don Joaquin
Ramires y Sestna, and Don Antonio Gaona, do, by this act
of subscribing this mstmment, severally and solemn!#
Dledae themselves on their inviolable paiolc of honor, ttertL
hi the event the Mexican Government shall reTuse orOJgir^
to execute, ratify, confirm, and perfect this agreement, 8li 
will not, on any occasion whatever, take up ami* against
_ [NOTE 3 ]
Again : Doc. 70, p. 3.1st session 30th Congress, 1847 '3—
Presidents Message of July 24,1848.
li She fTexa°] had never conquered or reduced to actual
possession, and brought under her Government and laws,
that part of New Mexico lying e.ist of the Rio Grande, which
site claimed to be within her limits. On the breaking out
of the war, we found Mexico in possession of this disputed
territory. As our army epproached Smite 1' i (the capital of
New Mexico) it was found to be held by a governor
Mexican authority, with an aimed force collected to J east
our advance. The inhabitants were Mexicans, aeKaowi-
edging allegiance to Mexico."
