TFHJB CpNGRgSSIQIfAL GLOBE.
June 7,
{he people of Texas, or any portion of them, but will con-
sider themselves hound, by every sacred'obligation,' to ab-
stain from alt hostility towards Texas or its ciiraeris."-
Mr. DAVIS. I do notwish todetainthe Senate.
I did not rise lo make a speech, but simply to make
a statement, and I have accomplished substantially
what 1 had in view. 1 will, however, add a word
to it. There are two modes of acquiring territory
and jurisdiction over a territory; one is by con-
quest, and the other by some contractor agreement
Vetween parties. I take it for granted that the rev-
olution in Texas, so far as it went, and so far as
territory was acquired by that process, it was ac-
quired by force of arms. It was a conquest, and
to the extent that she obtained possession of the
territory of Mexico, and extended her laws over
it, and exercised her jurisdiction over it, to that
extent she reduced it to her possession. Now, did
she ever acquire territory in any other way ? I have
shown what this convention was. It seems to me
it was hardly adequate to establish a good and suf-
ficient title to any territory whatever. Then, so far
as regards possession and the exercise and astab-
1'ishment.of law over New Mexico, is not the Presi-
dent of the United States right, when he says that
she never extended her jurisdiction overNewiVtex-
ico; never asserted her laws over that people; and
that, at all times and under all circumstances, they
had acknowledged their allegiance either to theSpan-
ish Government when Mexico was a Spanish prov-
ince, or afterwards when the independence of that
country was established, they acknowledged their
allegiance to the Republican Govei nment. Now, if
there never ;*ras any change in these circumstances,
it can hardly be argued that because the Republic
of Texas saw fit to pass a law on paper running
her boundaries around the province of New Mex-
ico, that that constitutes a good title. With res-
pect to this very tract, there were conflicting claims:
that of Mexico on the one hand claiming to the
Sabine, and that of Texas on the other hand claim-
ing to the Rio Grande. This very dispute shosvs
that there was unsettled title, and brings us back
to the question how far Texas had a right to ex-
tend her jurisdiction over this public conquest, so
as to spread her laws over it and exercise her sove-
reign power.
Then, I ask again, is not the President right
when he repeatedly says, with all his sentiments
in favor of Texas, or at least far from being un-
favorable to her, being a warm and ardent friend
of that State, when he says the authority of Texas
was never exercised there; and the people were
never represented in the conventions or legislative
assemblies of Texas; and that the laws of Texas
were not known in that country ? These are mat-
ters which I should like to hear discussed here,
and will surrender the floor for those who choose
to do it.
Mr. RUSK. I shall be very brief in mv an-
swer to the suggestions of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and I will begin by replying first to his
last remark; that is, with regard to the treaty made
with Santa Anna in 1836. It is true I argued upon
the existence of that treaty, but that was before
the treaty between the United States ar.d Mexico
settling the boundary of Texas. But I shall not
go into any argument upon that point now. It is
true it was made with Santa Anna when a prisoner
of war; but it was not made with him alone; it
was sanctioned by the other officers of the Mexi-
can army. Senators must remember that the Gov-
ernment of Mexico was a military despotism. At
that time I was at the head of five hundred and
twenty men, and General Filisola, the second in
command in the Mexican army, on whom devolved
the command when Santa Anna was captured,
was at the head of about four thousand men, at a
distance of twenty or thirty miles. He sanctioned
the treaty, and transmitted it to the Government of
_Mexico. _The Mexican Government then having
iii'e authority to do so, issued an order granting to
him the full authority which Santa Anna had ex-
ercised as Supreme Dictator of Mexico. But 1 do
not care any thing about that. I now come to the
main principle which the Senator from Massachu-
setts lays down as the ground-work of the title of
the United States to this territory. Let us see
what it is. He says, in the first place, that the
United States have conquered this territory; and,
besides that, they have paid for it. Suppose an
army of a foreign power should take possession
of the city of Richmond, Virginia, and the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in the discharge of
its proper functions and duties, should send an
army and conquer the city of Richmond, and res-
cue it. from the foreign power. According to the
same'rule, it would then vest the title in the United
States. Is that the sort of way to deal with a
State of this Union ? Is that the kind of argument,
is that a good foundation upon which the Govern-
ment of the United States rests its title to this
territory? Is that the way she will deal with one
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand inhab-
itants of a State to which it has been solemnly
guaranteed.that she shall come into the Union upon
an equal footing with the original States ?
The Senator says that the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States entertained the opinion that Texas did
not extend higher than El Paso. He takes this
opinion from the instructions given to Mr, Slidell.
Mr. DAVIS. I did hot state that the opinion
of the President should prevail. I merely stated
the facts as to- what he said.
Mr. RUSK. It must have been suggested as
having a bearing, I presume, in favor of the title
of the United States. The Government of the
United States was bound in justice io assert, so
far as was required, the claim of Texas to the
limits with which she had been admitted. Who
will pretend to deny, for a single moment, that
the Government of the United States admitted
Texas with these limits? You make provision
in the resolutions of annexation for the disposition
of this very territory. You make provision that
the territory north of 36° 30', the subject-matter
of dispute now, shall come into the Union as free
territory. The President, however, declared a
different opinion in 3848, in his special message,
.whatever he may have said to Mr. Slidell respect-
ing purchasing these territoiies. It has been stated
by his opponents that Texas has been a pretty
hard bargain to this Government. The honorable
Senator's constituents now drive a profitable trade
with that State, amounting to five millions of dol-
lars annually, not one dollar of which they would
have got if Texas had remained separate. These
things ought to be looked into, and taken into
consideration. It is said the Mexican war was an
enormous expense to the country. But the hon-
orable gentleman himself will not agree to cede
the territory now for ten times the amount which
the war cost. Gentlemen say that war was one
of the consequences of annexation. So we see of
what, great benefit it has been. But as what the
President said is to be laid down as fixing this
subject of title to this territory, and the assertion
seems to be the ground-work of this title, let us
see what the President said to Texas.
As I have said, the power was vested in the
United States Government to settle our boundary
with Mexico. If it had fixed it at the Nueces we
should have been bound by it. because we agreed
to stand by what the treaty-making power might
settle for us. They did not choose to curtail our
limits. About the time these conquests took
place, the Governor of Texas, representing the
State of Texas, asked the President of the United
States what he meant by establishing a military
government within the territory of the State of
Texas. What was his"knswer ? I read from his
message:
"In answer to a letterfrom theGovernorof Texas,dated
on the fourth nf January, 1847, the Secretary of State, by
mv direction, in'onned him, in a letter of the twelfth of
February, 1847, that in the Presidents annual message of
f)oeer^bpr3 'You have alre.ulv prreeived thnt New
Mexico is at nresent jn the temporary occupation of the
troops of the United States, and the covcrnnient over it is
militaiym tfs character. Tt is tne e]y sikIi a government
as must extet muter the laws of nation* and nf war, to pie- j
serve order and protect the rights of the inhabitant*, and j
will cease on the conclusion of a treaty of peace with |
Mexico. Nothing, therefore, can be more certain than that 1
thi<< temporary government, resulting from necessity, can
never injuriously affect the ritrht which the President be-
lieves to he justly asserted by Texas to the wh: le territory
on thi« side of the Rio Giande, whenever the Mexican claim
to it shall have been extinguished by treaty.'"
Thus, before the treaty was made, the Governor
of Texas is assured that the Piesident of the
United States recognized the title of Texas to the
territory in dispute. There was a message laid on
our tables to the same effect, against which no
protest, was made. Now, can the"opinions of the
President, or anybody else, of which Texas was
not cognizant, be brought up in opposition to the
public declaration made to Texas, and the positive
sanction of the Senate, when no man in either
House of Congress raised his voice against it? If
that be the broad principle upon which you are to
establish your title, it will require some argument-,
in my opinion, to convince.the community that it
is good.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Texas seems
to attribute some force to the resoluiionsof annexa-
tion about the provision for the government of the
territory which lies north of 36° 30' north lati-
tude. The honorable Senator from Illinois was
in the House of Representatives at the time the
resolutions of annexation passed. I think he can
give some light as to the manner in which that
provision came to be inserted in those resolutions,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not hear, asll was not
; listening particularly, the remark of the Senator
from New Hampshire, and I am therefore unable
to answer, or understand to what he refers. It is
true I was a member of the House of Representa-
tives at the time the resolutions of annexation
were passed, and I participated in moulding the
resolutions, and helped to pass them.
Mr. HALE. I will state what tny own remem-
brance of it is. I may be mistaken, but I tiling
the Senator from Illinois will remember. Thig
resolution of annexation had gone through all the
stages of amendment in the House of Representa-
tives, if I remember right, when this restriction aa
to slavery north of 36° 30' was introduced by Mr.
Brown, of Tennessee. I think that just about
the time the final vote was to be taken, aa the
amendment could not be made except by unani-
mous consent, (he Senator from Illinois, then a
member of the House, got up and requested that
the honorable member from Tennessee would con-
sent to have this amendment inserted. Fie as-
sented, and that is the way it got into the bill,
Mr DOUGLAS. Although I do not see its
bearing upon this bill, I will state my recollection
about it. Various propositions of annexation were
pending in the House. It was somewhat difficult
to find one upon which all the friends of annexa-
tion would unite. I brought in one series of reso-
lutions for the annexation of Texas, by which it
was proposed to extend the Missouri compromise
line through Texas. That was the first time the
Missouri compromise line wag*introduced in con-
nection with Texas. That, in the form in which
I offered it, was voted down. The gentleman fiom
Tennessee intending, aa I suppose, to offer the
same proposition in a different form, moved the
Missouri compromise, but omitted, as I suppose,
by mistake, that part which prohibited slavery
north of 36° 30'. I suggested in my place, that if
he wanted the Missouri compromise line, he must
put in the whole; which was done, and the bill
thereupon passed iri that shape. This is according
to my recollection of the transaction; which, I be-
lieve, is substantially as the Senator from New*
Hampshire has suggested.
I have a word or two—not a speech—to offer ort
the amendment of the Senator from Alabama. I
cannot vote with him and the honnrab'e Senator
from Texas for the amendment as it is offered. I
have taken a good deal of pains on a former occa-
sion to prove that the title of Texas to the Lower
Rio Grande was clear and valid. In my speeches
I usually put in the reservation of the Lower Rio
Grande; for I never could bring my mind io the
conclusion that Texas had conquered Santa Fe and
the valley of the Upper Rio Grarde, unless getting
her own force captured amounted to a conquest.
Hence, I am not prepared to say that Texas has
a t'tle to the whole country watered by the Rio
Grande, from its mouth to its source. I cannot
vote to affim her title to the Upper Valley and to
Santa Fe. I am willing to take the 34th parallel
of north latitude as the boundary between Texas
and New Mexico, as suggested by the Senator
from Alabama, and also by my friend from Mis-
sissippi in his amendment, although I would pie-
fer the line as proposed by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky. I will not stand upon that
point, whether the 34th parallel shall be the line,
or the one agreed upon by the Committee of Thir-
teen. The Committee on Territories voted in favor
of the hne of the 34th parallel of north latitude. I
acquiesced, in deference to the opinion of the ma-
jority, that being the only point m which they
overruled me. I am willing, therefore, to agree
upon the line of the 34th parallel of north latitude.
I can see much merit in the proposition of the
Senator from Alabama, if he can obviate 6ne diffi-
culty. The merit 1 see is this: He proposes to
locate the Indians now in Texas in that part of the
country north of the thirty-fourth parallel, so that
