68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
old rules should be adopted temporarily. There
were some of the old rules for the readoption of
which he was not himself willing; to vote; and
there were some which he thought could not re-
ceive the votes of a majority of the House. For
these reasons, he should at the proper time offer
an amendment, providing foi the adoption tempo-
rarily of the rules of the last House of Represent-
atives, and also providing {or the appointment of
a Committee on the Rules, which s loukl report
back to the House such rules as, in their opinion,
should be readopted. This was the subsUnce of
the proposition he had offered. He gave notice
that he should ofler it a3 an amendment to the
resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd,] unless that gentleman should think proper
so to modify his resolution.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion to postpone the further consideration of
the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCIt rose to inquire, whether the
resolution was now open to amendment?
The SPEAKER said that no amendment was
now in order. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] might, however, by
general consent, be read for information.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was then read
in the following words:
"E\ce,)l ;-o much of said rules us provide for the appoint-
ment ot a Committee ot Commerce and a Committee of
Road< and Canals; and that instead thereof, toere be ap-
pointe i two comm tt<-es, ot nine member-* each—one com-
mittee to be called the Committee on Foreign Commerce,
and the other to be called ne Committee un Commerce
among the Slates.
" It sfiiill tie the duty of the C immiftee on Foreign C  m-
meree to take into consideration, and report upon ail sub-
jects a d matters referred to them, or hav ng relation to the
foreign commerce of the country.
"ft shill be the duly of tiie Comm ttec on Commerce
anions the States to take into consideration, and report upo.i,
all subjfcts and mutcr< refetred to them, and Mauna; to
commerce, and means of commerce, among the States."
And t'ie question was then taken on the motion
to postpone, and was decided in the affirmative
without a division.
So the consideration of the resolution was post-
poned until to-morrow.
SEATS.
Mr. EVAN'S, of Maryland, rose and offered the
resolution which he had heretofore indicated his
intention to present.
THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, hy A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that a quorum of the Senate had assembled, and
was ready to proceed to business. Also inform-
ing the House that a committee had been appointed
by the Senate, to meet a similar committee which
might be appointed on the part of the House of
Representatives, to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses had assembled, and that they were
ready to receive any communication that he might
be pleased to make.
The m^ssaxe having been read—
Mr. EVANS resumed the floor, but yielded it *
for the moment to |
Mr. THOMPSON", of Mississippi,who said that I
it had been usual to adopt a resolution that the |
House concur in the last lesolution of the Senate, j
And he submitted a motion to that effect.
By general consent, the question was put to the
Hou*e and was decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution of the Senate was concurrcd in.
SEATS.
Mr. EVANS again took the floor.
Mr. MORSE rose and asked leave to offer a
resolution which (he said) was customary m the
organization of the House. Residing far away on j
the frontiers of the House, as he did, he had not j
heard whether such a resolution had been offered j
by any other gentleman. The object of it was to j
give the Speaker an opportunity (more necessary j
from the circumstances which had attended his \
election) to appoint the committees of the House, j
The Christmas holidays happening just at this :
time, would be an additional reason for the adop- |
tion of his resolution. j
Mr. M. moved, that when this House adjourns, !
it adjourn to meet at twelve o'clock on Friday I
next. j
Mr. EVANS now asserted his right to the floor, i
stating that the gentleman could offer his resolu- \\
tion after his (Mr. E.'s) had been disposed of. ;J
The resolution was then read in the words fol-
i lowing:
Resoived, That the Clerk of the House, immediately after
the parage of ilns resolution, place in a box the name of
each member aiul delegate ot tue House of Representatives,
on a be pat ate piece of paper; that he then proceed, m pres-
ence ot the House, to diavv trom said box, one at a tune, the
, &aid pieces oi paper; and as each is drawn, he shall an-
| nounce the name of the member or dekgate upon it, who
| shall then choose his seat for the ptescnt sei-siou: Pxocidtd,
j That Ui.foie said drawing shall commence, the (Speaker shall
1 cause every se.it to be vacated, and shall see that every seat
I continues vacant, until it is selected under this ordei.
I Mr. EVANS (remarking that a similar propo-
i sition had been adopted at the Twenty-ninth and
j Thirtieth Congresses) demanded the previous ques-
j tion on the adoption of the resolution.
! Mr. DCJER inquired of the Speaker whether it
! was in order to move that the consideration of the
| resolution be postponed?
I The repiy of the Steaker was not heard,
j The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
j adoption of the resolution.
i Mr. MEADE srnt to the Speaker's table the
' following amendment, which he desired to offer,
I and which was read:
1 Resolved, That the Clerk of this Hou-e, immed'ately after
1 the passage ot this resolution, place in tiie box the name of
! eaeu member of the House oi iiepieseniativea, up m a piece
; ot paper, and th.it he t-ien pioceed, m the presence ot the
[ House, to draw from said box, one at a tune, the said pieces
; ol paper; and as each is drawn, he shall announce tiie
1 name ot the member upon it, who shall, in person, or by
proxy, choose ins seal tor the present session: P>ouded,
I Tnat belore said drawing shall commence, the Speakei
shall cause every seat to be vacated, and shall see that each
seat continues vacant, miul it is selected under the order.
Mr. STRONG rose to a question of order. He
stated it to be, that it was not in order for any
member to propose an amendment to a resolution,
after the previous question had been demanded
upon it. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] had distinctly called for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of his resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker did not hear
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. EVANS. 1 distinctly moved it.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker states that he
did not hear tne gentleman. The previous ques-
tion having been demanded, it is not in order to
offer an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that, under the par- i
liamentary law, (which was the law under which I
the House was now acting,) the previous question !
was debatable—provided the debate was confined
to the previous question itself. }j
The SPEAKER said that the main question |
could not be debated. (;
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the amend-
ment would stand, or would be cut off?
The SPEAKER said that, jn his opinion, the
amendment would be cut off.
Mr. HARALSON suggested that no rules had
as yet been adopted for the government of the 1
House. He submitted, therefoie, that the pre-
vious question was not applicable. j
The SPEAKER said, (in leply to the sugges- 1
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Haral-
son,) that the House was now acting under the ,
parliamentary law, and that under that law the .
previous question had been demanded. !
Mr. HARALSON said that he held in his hand 1
a proposition, winch he desired, if the other reso-
lution was voted down, to offer as a substitute for |
it, and which he asked should be read. The prop- ;
osition was as follows: ;
Resolved, That the Cierk of this House shall place the j
name ol e ich member of the same, wiitten or printed, on a
piece or pieces ot paper of the same size, into a box, and 1
also shall number tiie seats with leyible numbers, from one 1
to two-hundred and thirty-one, and one of the pages of the (
House shall take out one of ihe names from the box at a |
time; and the member whose name shall be thus drawn <
shall select his seat and announce the number thereof, 1
which shall oe noted by the Cleik onposite the name of
the said member, and continue this process until ail the ;
members shall be seated.
The SPEAKER said the question was on the
resolution of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. I
Evans;] and if that gentleman insisted on his de- |j
mand for the previous question, and the House !!
should sustain it, it would not be in order for the !l
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] to intro- ,j
duce his proposition. ■;
The SPEAKER then (addressing Mr. Evans) '!
asked him if he withdiesv his demand for the pre- \
vious question. jj
Mr, EVANS said he did not withdraw it. jj
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose to incfuire [j
whether it was the intention that the resolution
should be carried into effect immediately? {f so,
the message could not be sent in to-day, for there
would not be time.
Mr. INGE moved that the whole subject be laid
on the table.
And the question was taken on that motion, and
decided in the negative without a division.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] to withdraw his demand
for the previous question, to enable him (Mr. K.)
to offer an amendment, which (he said) would
prevent the gouging which he had seen here when
seats were formerly taken.
Mr. EVANS did not withdraw the demand.
Mr. KAUFMAN offered to renew it.
Mr. EVANS adhered to his motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN desired to have his proposi-
tion read.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
general consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. MORSE called for the reading of the reso-
lution of Mr. Evans; and it was a^am read.
Mr. BOWL1N said he understood that the pre-
vious question, under the parliamentary law, (for
the House had no rules by which its operation
could be controlled,) was debatable.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is it-
self debatable, Under the pailiamentary law; but
not the main question, which is the resolution be-
fore the House.
Mr. BO WLIN. I have a right, as I understand,
to show why the previous question should not be
sustained bv the House. And I wish to make one
or two remarks to^that point. This thing will be
done. It is bound to be done. Probably, it ought
to be done. But there is a method of doing it
which is not provided for by the resolution of the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a point of order. He
said he had understood the Speaker to say, that
no remarks were in order, except such as applied
to the previous question itself.
The SPEAKER expressed the opinion that the
remarks of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Bowlin,] bein<* a discussion on the resolution
itself, were not in order.
Mr. BOWLIN said, he was not about to dis-
cuss the resolution. But there were other propo-
sitions, fair and reasonable, to be submitted; as, for
instance, that the desks should be numbered, and
that each number should be registered as the name
was drawn.
Mr. HOUSTON again called the gentleman
from Missouri to order.
The SPEAKER said, it was the opinion of the
Chair that the remarks of the gentleman from Mis-
souri were o-ut of order.
Mr. BO WLIN said, he knew not by what other
mode he could show to the House that the pre-
vious question should not be sustained.
Mr. KAUFMAN saidy that he understood he
had a right to discuss the question why the pre-
vious question should not be ordered. In h«is
opinion, the resolution of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland was not perfect, and he (Mr. K.) desned
that it should be so amended 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He contended that, under the par-
liamentary law, debate must be confined exclu-
sively to the question of time—as, whether the
previous question should now be ordered. But all
remarks affecting the merits of the question were
clearly out of order.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Kaufman,] was following in the same
course which, in the case of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] had been ruled out of
order. The gentleman was not in order.
Mr. KAUFMAN then asked Mr. E. to with-
draw his motion, on the pledge that he (Mr. K.)
would renew it.
Mr. EVANS declined.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was, "Shall this resolu-
tion be adoptedr"
