j m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOm
June 7,
t^rfene. -When w,e take the $>y.ord out of her hands
\ye must carry on her waifs and defend her rights.
Mr. FOO'CB. 1 Ij^ye, no idea, Mr. President.,
of addressing the Senate at any length on this very
deli.oate question, which has been adverted to in
terms of great propriety by my colleague. In what
has fallen from him heartily concur. In reference
to this cjuestipn I know that I have been grossly
misunderstood an,d not ajittle calumniated. My
colleague has said that he is unwilling to give up
a single acre of the tenitory of Texas to the do-
minion of free-soihsm, and so am I. If the prin-
ciple of free soil is to be carried to. the territory
thus ceded, no man wilt be found more opposed to
it than myself. But, sir, I never shall believe that
the cession of a portion of the territory of Texas
to the United States, for the purpose of establishing
fnerem a territorial government without the V^il-
mot proviso, can result in placing there the Wilmot
proviso after it has been so signally defeated here;
or that it will have the effect of converting territory
which is not free soil into free soil; or that it will
have the least effect in relation to the law of that
region in regard to slavery.
But. sir;"notwithstanding this belief, I was about
to offer an amendment, so as to " make assurance
doubly sure." Weeks ago I announced my de-
termination to do this, and I shall take an oppor-
tunity of doing it now. Some time ago I consulted
with various distinguished gentlemen from the
North—from the free States—in regard to this
very point, and I did not consult with one who did
not express a willingness to adopt such a provis-
ion. Now, [ intend to vote for the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Alabama; but 1 en-
tered into the business in which we are now
engaged in a spirit of conciliation and of compro-
mise. That spirit I shall cultivate throughout
this content. I am perfectly willing to sacrifice
any opinion of mine, with the view of harmonizing
with those who represent the southern Slates of
the Confederacy. I will go as far as any man in
this body in sacrificing my opinions—I will gojust
so far as my conscience will allow me to go, and
not hazard the main features of the bill. After
voting on the amendment which is now before the
Senate, I intend to offer the amendment which I
now hold in my hand, with some additions.
I have made these remarks now for the purpofo
of signifying what is my intention hereafter. 1
believe that these two amendments which I shall
piopose will make the bill better, will make it more
palatable to both sides, and will have a tendency,
at least, to insure its passage.
Mr. MASON. I was not present in the Com-
mittee of Thirteen when this subject was under
consideration, being absent on other duty assigned
to me by the Senate. I do not know, therefore,
the considerations which led to the adoption of the
line proposed. I do know, however, that after it
was submitted to the committee for their final ac-
tion—looking upon it then as I have looked upon
it ever since, as a proposition to which, in my
judgment, the southern States should never assent—
that in committee I moved to strike from the bill
all that part of it which related to Texas.
Now, sir, if 1 rightly understood the Senator
from Georgia in the argument which be submitted
to us just now, I learn that he entertains the opin-
ion, as a jurist, that the effect of the tieaty with
Mexico was, so far as it contained a cession of
territory contiguous to the unsettled boundary of
Texas, to inure, as a resulting trust, for the^bene-
fit of that State—*to give to Texas the territory so
acquired. I understood the honorable Senator to
say that the effect would be to confer upon Texas
all the territory which was acquired by us east, of
the Rio Grande, and contiguous to her boundary.
In that opinion i entirely concur; and if that he
bo, [ submit to the honorable Senator on what
earthly consideration he can now ask the State of
Texas to cede to the United States a part of her
acknowledged territory, for the purpose of con-
verting it into property of the United States'? The
reason, as I understood it, was this: that it was
his opinion that if the question of boundary was
submitted to the Supreme Court, Texas would
obtain a less advantageous boundary than she will
by the proposals of this bill. Then, sir, the hon-
orable Senator must suppose that the Supreme
Court would entertain a view of the operation of
the tieatv different ftom that which he himself;
entertains. But 1 submit to that honorable Sena- j
tor, and to the Senate, that there is no practicable :
mode by which this question can be got before
the Supreme Court under any circumstances. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky said that the
question would get before the Supreme Court
when the United States, in Congress assembled,
shall establish a new State east of the Rio Grande;
that such new State would be the peer o.f Texas,
and >he can go into the Supreme Court and con-
test her boundary. But th^t is only on condition
that such new State should be formed. Now, ho\#
is that to -be done? If all the territory mentioned
belongs to Texas, there is none out of which a
new State can be made. I understood the Senator
from Kentucky further to say, that (provided we
would assume his hypothesis, that Texas has no
claim to the territory west of the Nueces) he.Qo.uM
then demonstrate that the advantages to be de-
rived from this bill, resulting to the South fi;om
the proposed purchase of territory from Texas,
were greater than those to be derived by the
North.
Now, if we are to take that hypothesis, what
should we have done? We should have contra-
dicted the action of the Federal Government, both
on the part of the Executive and the Legislature;
for I undertake to assert that the title of Texas
west of the Nueces has been admitted by act of the
Congress of the United States. And where should
we stand ? In order to conform to the hypothesis
of the Senator from Kentucky, we must falsify a
most solemn act of the Congress of the United
States. I allude to the act declaring that a war
existed between the United States and Mexico. 1
know very well that there was a large and intelli-
gent and patriotic portion of the two Houses who
differed with the majority upon that question; but
they weie overruled, and it went upon the statute j
book of the country. The President in his mes- ;
sage declared that war existed between the two
countries by the act of Mexico. And as the act
that caused the war, he assigned the crossing the
Rio Grande by the Mexican troops and u shedding
American blood upon American soil." That was
the act in which consisted the war; and the Con-
gress of the United States sustained the President
m the view which he took of the territorial bound-
aries of the United States at that time—not by de-
claring war against Mexico, but by declaring that
war existed, and that it existed by the act of Mex-
ico.
Sir, I have adverted to this matter, in passing,
only as a part of the history of the subject. The
act to which I refer says in the preamble:
<- \Vherea«. by the act of tile Republic of Me*ico a state of
war ( xi>t«5" See.
And the enacting law refers to the preamble and
makes it a part of its text.
Now, if war existed between these two countries i
by the act of Mexico, it was because the Mexi- i
cans by crossing the Rio Giande had invaded the |
territory of the United States, and by shedding !
American blood there had caused war. I say, i
then, that we shall falsify the action of this Gov-
ernment, both in its Executive and its legislative
departments, if we now deny the right of the State
of Texas to the country west of the Nueces. «
Sir, I will go further. If this question could be
got before |.he Supreme Court, that court would
be bound to follow the action of the Government
of the United States in relation to this boundary,
!-eyond a'l question. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky ha5? said that the Supreme Court would
not find for the State of Texas so favorable a
boundary as is proposed to he granted to it by this
bill. Mr. President, I should construe the law of
the Supreme Court differently from that Senator.
1 understand their rule of decision to be, on every
question of boundary arising under a treaty, to
conform their judgment to the actions of the
Federal Government, and strictly to adopt that as
the true boundary which the Government assumed
as the boundary. This was the rule laid down in
the case of Foster vs. Elctm, arising under the i
Louisiana treaty, decidcd, 1 think, m 1829, arid !
followed in subsequent cases. The opinion of the [
court was, that questions of boundary between :
nations were political; and, in deciding such, the
Supreme Court must tal^ for its guide the acts
and determinations regarding it, of the Govern-
ment oi which it was a coordinate department.
Now, suppose this case went before the Supreme,
Court, and it was said you must look to the actual
title to the country west of the Nueces. An
answer would be- given at once by the political-
action of the Government on this subject. I sub-
mit, therefore, that; whatever opinions may have,
been sustained before the war with Mexico as to
the southern boundary of Texas, that boundary
was definiiely settled, and the Federal Govern-
ment concluded, by the act declaring war to exist.
Mr. WEBSTER, i look upon this as a very
important pait of this measure, and 1 think it de-
serves full consideration. 1 have never desired to
see great .political questions referred to the judici-
ary of the country. I much prefer that they
should be settled by Congress, or by some form of
compromise. It has always seemed to me that
such questions are better adjusted in one pr other
of these two modes, than by a proceeding at law.
Nevertheless, sir, in answer to the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, I mast say that i see no
difficulty whatever in bringing this question to trial
before the Supreme Cuurt of the United States: not
the slightest. T^he controversy respects territory or.
land,claimed b.y the United States on the one side,
and the State of Texas on the other. That it is
a territory of the United States, and not a pait of
a State, is the .very thing which gives the United
States a right to sue; and theSupieine Cuurt must
decide the matter ultimately, unless it is decided
by a mutual agreement between the United S'ates
and the State of Texav, herself. Now, the honor-
able member will remember that although a State
cannot now be sued by an individual ot another
State, or by the sulject of a foreign State, yet
a State may still be made a party to a suit at
law. One State may sue another in the national
judiciary; and not only is that so, but wherever a
State is a party, the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Couit becomes original, and an action may be
brought in the Supreme Cuui t of the United States,
not by way of appeal from the decision of any in-
ferior court, but directly, by original process issu-
ing out of the Supreme Court. The judicial
power of the United States, and the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court, original or appellate, ex-
tends to every case m which the United States are
a party; and the original jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court extends, as I have already said, to
every case in which a State is a party. I believe
that thus the matter stands. So that, in point of
legal authority and constitutional power, theie is
nothing at all in the way of bringing a suit at unce
by the United States against the State of Texas
for the settlement of this boundary. But the mem-
ber from Virginia is quite right in saying thv-tt,
should this question come before tUe Supreme
Court, that court, in deciding it, must regard what
has taken place in the executive and legisla ive
branches of the Government. In the case to
which the gentleman refers, and which 1 well re-
member, for I think I had something to do with
it, the Chief Justice said: "The language of
treaties is addiessed to Governments and not to
Courts." I believe th t is the expression, al-
though I have not read the case for many years;
but that decision was given on the ground that, in
settling questions of boundary between the United
States and other Powers, the boundaries in which
those Powers have been interested heretofore, and
v, hich boundaries have been the subject of treaty,
that decision does go upon the ground that the
Supreme Court is bound to look to—i will not say
absolutely bound by—the course which the ex-
ecutive and legislative departments may have
taken.
I do not think, sir, that, under the circumstances
of this case, it is a fair case for compromise. I
shall be most happy, for one, if, in the further
profjrep^ of this bill, a provision may be made
likely to be satisfactory to Texas; and, although I
would not wish to buy what is already our own,
yet I would buy peace. Every individual who
buys peace comes to terms of accommodation,
without the formal surrender of any claim; and I
think this a proper occasion to put an end to a
troublesome dispute between the United States and
Texas. I, for one, shall,not regard any moderate
and reasonable cost which might be mcuued to
bring about that amicable adjustment.
Mr. President, I shall only say further, that
there are some gentlemen around me who have
been in this Cnamber since njne o'clock this morn-
ing;~and I believe there is an occasion for a few
minutes' business m executive session, and, with
the permission of the honorable member from
Kentucky, I will move that i(he Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
