70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
I have scrupulously avoided any interference in
the wars and contentions which have recently dis-
tracted Europe.
During the late conflict between Austria and
Hungary, there seemed to be a prospect that the
latter might become an independent nation. How-
ever faint that prospect at the time appeared, I
thought it my duty, in accordance with the gen-
eral sentiment of the American people, who deeply
sympathized with the Magyar patriots, to stand
prepared, upon the contingency of the establish-
ment by her of a permanent Government, to be the
first to welcome independent Hungary into the
family of nations. For this purpose \ invested an
agent, then m Europe, with power to declare our
willingness promptly to recognize her independ-
ence in the event of her ability to sustain it. The
powerful intervention of Russia in the contest ex-
tinguished the hopes of the struggling Magyars.
The United States did not, at any time, wterfeie
in the contest; but the feelings of the nation were
strongly enlisted in the cause, and by the suffer-
ings of a brave people, who had made a gallant
though unsuccessful effort to be free.
Our claims upon Portugal have been, duringthe
past year, prosecuted with renewed vigor, and it
has been my object to employ every effort of hon-
orable diplomacy to procure their adjustment. Our
late Charge d'Affaires at Lisbon, the Hon. George
W. Hopkins, made able and energetic, but unsuc-
cessful efforts to settle these unpleasant matters
of controversy, and to obtain indemnity for the
wrongs which were the subjects of complaint. Our
present Charge d'Affaires at that Court will also
bnnir to the prosecution of these claims ability
and zeal. The revolutionary and distracted con-
dition of Portugal in past times has been repre-
sented as one of the leading causes of her delay m
indemnifying our suffering citizens. But I must
now say it is a matter of profound regret that these
claims have not yet been settled. The omission
of Portugal to do justice to the American claimants
has now assumed a character so grave and serious
that I shall shortly make it the subject of a special
message to Congress, with a view to such ultimate
action as its wisdom and patriotism may sug-
gest.
With Russia, Austria, Prussia, Sweden, Den-
mark, Belgium, the Netherlands, and the Italian
States, we still maintain our accustomed amicable
lelations.
During the recent revolutions in the Papal States,
our Charge d'Affaires at Rome has been unable to
present his letter of credencc, which, indeed, he
was directed by my predecessor to withhold until
he should receive further oiders. Such wa3 the
unsettled condition of things m those States that it
was not deemed expedient to give him any instruc-
tions on the subject of presenting his credential let-
ter different from those with which he had been fur-
nished by the late Administration, until the 25ih of
June last; when, in consequence of the want of
accurate information of the exact state of things at
that distance from us, he was instructed to exer-
cise his own discretion in presenting himself to the
then existing Government, if in his judgment suf-
ficiently stable; or, ir'not, to await further events.
Since that penod Rome has undergone another
revolution, and he abides the establishment of a
government sufficiently permanent to justify him
in opening diplomatic intercourse with it.
With the Republic of Mexico, it is our true
policy to cultivate the most friendly relations.
Since the ratification of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, nothing has occutred of a serious char-
acter to disturb thern. A faithful observance of
the treaty, and a sincere respect for her rights,
cannot fail to secure the lasting confidence and
friendship of that Republic. The message of my
predecessor to the House of Representatives, of
the 8th of February last, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of that body, a copy of
a paper called a Protocol, signed at Queretaro on
the 30th of May, 1848, by the Commissioners of
the United States and the Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs of the Mexican Government, having been a
subject of correspondence between the Department
of State and the Envoy Extraordinary and Min-
ister Plenipotentiary of that Republic accredited to
this Government, a transcript of that correspond-
ence is herewith submitted.
The Commissioner on the part of the United
States for marking the boundary between the two
Republics, though delayed in reaching San Die^o
by unforeseen obstacles, arrived at that place
within a short period after the time required by the
treaty, and was there joined by the Commissioner
on the part of Mexico. They entered upon their
duties; and, at the date of the latest intelligence
from that quarter, some progress had been made
in the survey. The expenses incident to the or-
ganization of the commission, and to its convey-
ance to the point where its operations were to
begin, have so much reduced the fund appropri-
ated by Congress, that a further sum, to cover the
charges which must be incurred during the pres-
ent fiscal year, will be necessary. The great length
of frontier along which the boundary extends, the
nature of the adjacent territory, and the difficulty
of obtaining supplies, except at or near the ex-
tremes of the line, render it also indispensable that
a liberal provision should be made to meet the
necessary charges during the fiscal year ending on
the 30ih of June, 1851. I accordingly recommend
this subject to your attention.
In the adjustment of the claims of American
citizens on Mexico, provided for by the late treaty,
the employment of counsel, on the part of the
Government, may become important for the pur-
pose of assisting the Commissioners in protecting
the interests of the United States. I recommend
this subject to the early and favorable considera-
tion of Congress.
Complaints have been made in regard to the
inefficiency of the means provided by the Govern-
ment of New Granada for transporting the United
States mail across the Isthmus of Panama, pur-
suant to our Postal Convention with that Repub-
lic, of the 6th of March, 1844. Our Charge
d'Affaiiesat Bogota has been directed to make
such representations to the Government of New
Granada as will, it is hoped, lead to a prompt re-
moval of this cause of complaint.
The sanguinary civil war with which the Re-
public of Venezuela has for some time past been
ravaged, has been brought to a close. J n its prog-
ress, the rights of some of our citizens, resident
or trading there, have been violated. The resto-
ration of ordej will afford to the Venezuelan Gov-
ernment an opportunity to examine and redress
those grievances, and others of long standing,
whichour representatives at Caraccas have hither-
to ineffectually urged upon the attention of that
Government.
The extension of the coast of the United States
on the Pacific, and the unexampled rapidity with
which the inhabitants of California especially are
increasing in numbers, have imparted new conse-
quence to our relations with the other countnes
whose territories border upor that occan. It is
probable that the intercourse between those coun-
tries and our possessions in that quarter, particu-
larly with the Republic of Chili, will became ex-
tensive and mutually advantageous m proportion
as California and Oiegon shall increase in popula-
tion and wealth. It is desirable, therefore, that
this Government should do everything in its power
to foster and strengthen its relations with those
States, and that the spirit of amity between us
should be mutual and cordial.
1 recommend the observance of the same course
towards all other American States. The United
btates stand as the great American Power,to wmch,
as their natural ally and friend, they will always
be disposed first to look for mediation and assist-
ance, in the event of any collision between them
and any European nation. As such, we may often
kindly mediate m their behalf, without entangling
ourselves in foreign wars or unnecessary contro-
versies. Whenever the faith of our treaties with
any of them shall require our interference, we must
necessarily interpose.
A convention has been negotiated with Brazil,
providing for the satisfaction of American claims
on that Government, and it will be submitted to
the Senate. Since the last session of Congress, we
have received an Envoy Extraordinary and Min-
ister Plenipotentiary from that Empire, and our
relations with it are founded upon the most amica-
ble understanding.
Your attention is earnestly invited to an amend-
ment of our existing laws relating to the African
slave trade, with a view to the effectual suppres-
sion of that barbarous tiuffic. It is not to be de-
nied that this trade is still, in part, carried on by
means of vessels built in the United States, and
owned or navigated by some of our citizens. The
correspondence between the Department of State
and the Minister and Consul of the Unrted States
at Rio de Janeiro, which has, from time to time,
been laid before Congress, represents that it is a
customary device to evade the penalties of our laws
by means of sea-letters. Vessels sold m Brazil,
when provided with such papers by the Consul,
instead of returning to the United States for a new
register, proceed at once to the coast of Africa,
for the purpose of obtaining cargoes of slaves.
Much additional information, of the same charac-
ter, has recently been transmitted to the Depart-
ment of State. It has not been considered the
policy of our laws to subject an American citizen,
who, in a foreign country, purchases a vessel built
in the United States, to the inconvenience of send-
ing her home for a new register, before permitting
her to proceed on a voyage. Any alteration of the
laws, which might have a tendency to impede the
free transfer of propeity in vessels between our
citizens, or the free navigation of those vessels be-
tween different parts of the world, when employed
in lawful commerce, should be well and cautiously
considered; but I trust that your wisdom will de-
vise a method by which our general policy, in this
respect, may be preserved, and at the same time
the abuse of our flag, by means of sea-letters, in
the manner indicated, may be prevented.
Having ascertained that there is no prospect of
the reunion of the five States of Central America,,
which formerly composed the republic of that
name, we have separately negotiated with some of
them treaties of amity and commerce, which will
be laid before the Senate.
A contract having been concluded with the State
of Nicaragua, by a company composed of Ameri-
can citizens, for the purpose of constructing a
ship-canal through the territory of that State, to
connect the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, 1 have di-
rected the negotiation of a treaty with Nicaragua,
pledging both Governments to protect those who
shall engage in and perfect the work. All other
nations aie mvued by the State of Nicaragua to
enter into the same treaty stipulations with tier;
and the benefit to be derived by each from such an
arrangement will be the protection of this grea*
mter-oceanic communication against any Power
which might seek to obstruct it, or to monopolize
its advantages. All States entering into such a
treaty will enjoy the right of passage through the
canal on payment of the same tolls.
The work,if constructed under these guarantees,
will become a bond of peace instead of a subject
of contention and strife between the nations of the
eaith. Should the great maritime States of Eu-
rope consent to this ai rangement, (and we have
no reason to suppose that a proposition so fair and
honorable will be opposed by any,) the energies of
their people and ours will cooperate in promoting
the success of the enterprise. 1 do not recommend
any appropriation from the National Treasury for
this purpose, nor do I believe that such an appro-
priation is necessary. Piivate enterprise, if prop-
erly protected, will complete the work, should it
prove to be feasible. The parties who have pro-
cured the charter from Nicaragua, for its construc-
tion, desire no assistance from this Government
beyond its protection; and they profess that, having
examined the proposed line of communication,
tbey will be ready to commence the undertaking
whenever that protection shall be extended to
them. Should there appear to be reason, on ex-
amining the whole evidence, to entertain a serious
doubt of the practicability of constructing such a
canal, that doubt coutd be speedily solved by an
actual exploration of the route.
Should such a work be constructed, under the
common protection of ail nations, for equal bene-
fits to all, it would be neither ju-st nor expedient
that any great maritime State should command
the communication. The territory through which
the canal may be opened ought to be freed from
the claims of any foreign Power. No such Power
should occupy a position that would enable it
hereafter to exercise so controlling an influence
over the commerce of the world, or to obstruct a
highway which ought to be dedicated to the com-
mon uses of mankind.
The routes across the Isthmus, at Tehuantepee
and Panama, are also worthy of our serious con-
sideration. They did not fail to engage the atten-
tion of my predecessor. The negotiator of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was instructed to
offer a very large sum of money for the right of
transit across the Isthmus of Tehuantepee. The
