1850.
THE CONeRESSftfffA-L &LOSE.
Mr. MASON. Will the honorable gentleman
withdraw that motion for a moment, and fcwill
renew it?
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON Entertaining, as I do, the highest
possible estimation of the legal talent of thelion-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, I must enter
a dissent to the doctrine he has asserted. I do not
thinlj that in any case it is possible for the United
States to be a party to a suit on the one side and
a State on the other.
Mr. BELL. I will not detain the Senate more
than a moment; but as this is a very important
question, I wish to state the reasons for the vote I
give. I wish to say that, in voting against the
proposed amendment,I do not wish to pbe under-
stood as deciding- against the claim of Texas to
extend her boundaiy to the Rio Grande; and I am
not satisfied, on the grounds suggested by honor-
able Senators on the other side, that Texas has
such a clear title to this boundary that it-may not
be fairly and properly made a matter of adjust-
mer>t by Congress, or by arrangement between the
United States and Texas; and I repeat that in
voting: against the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Alabama, 1 wish it to be understood that
I do not mean to indicate that Texas has not the
better title to the whole of this territory.
I further wish to say, that one ground on which
I give my vote is, that I have considered the ad-
justment of the boundaries of Texas, and the diffi-
culties likely to grow o'ut of that question, if it is
not now settled, to h« a chief merit of the bill now
before the Senate. And when it was proposed to
separate these measures I voted against the separa-
tion, thinking that all the questions growing out of
the annexation of Texas might be adjusted upon
some grounds satisfactory both to the North and
the South. On this ground I shall vote against the
proposition of the Senator from Alabama, hoping
that the proposition of the Committee of Thirteen
in regard to the settlement of this boundary, and
all other questions, may yet be so modified as to
produce a satisfactory result to the South and the
whole country.
The question being; taken on the amendment of
Mr. Clemens, it was decided in the negative, as
follows:
YE\S—Messrs Atchison, BmWnd. Butler,Ci^neri". Da-
vis or* ippi, D)wue. Foote, Hm-ton. nm.ter, Ivinjj,
Ma-on, Morton, Pr;iit, Kiick, SerMttidii, SouSe, and Tuincv
—17.
NAYS—Mc^rs. B 'djpr, Baldwin, Hell, Benton, Berrien,
Bright. Ch.u e Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Oorwni, Davis
o' M •s-ifU'lnKpu*, Dawson. Dayiosi, Dickinson, Dndtre of
Wi-con-in, Dodge or L>.\ a. Greene. Haie, H.iinhri,
Matiuum, Miller, Norr's, Fc.troe, Srward, Shu-ids,
Smith, Spruanee, jStursreon. Underwood, Cpham, Walker,
Webster, and Whiteomb—37.
Mr. FOOTE. It is by no means my intention
to address the Senate at length upon the pending
question, nor should I, in my present state of iil
health, utter a word in relation to it, but for the
strange misconstruction and gross misrepresenta-
tions to which I have been subject for a week or
two past, in regard to the proposition to transfer to
the United States a portion of the present territory
of Tt-xas. So', I am quite as determined as my
colleague has j'.m declared himself ro be, not to
cooperate in any legislative act of a nature calcu-
lated to convert any territory whete slavery now
exists, into free teriitory; and -did I think that the
simple establishment of a territorial government,
without the JVilmot proviso, (especially when the
establishment of sucn a territorial government is
to ttKe plave after repeated and signal triumphs,
achieved m the progress of the struggle now going
on over the YViimot proviso principle m all its va-
rious fornix,) could have the etfect of converting
slave temuuy into free isoil,I should be as much
opposed to this measure as he is. But f have
never th'mgbt that such could be the effect of
establishing a territorial government without any
slavery restriction. Such was not the fffect of
such a measure hen the terrifor'al governments
of Louisiana, Aikansas, and other? which I
coulJ mention were adopted, nor has any one
ever so contended. The extension of the Consti-
tution of the United States to the territories of
Now Mexico and Utah, both generally and spe-
cially, by this very lull, it would seem, might well
satisfy lhos.e of us who he$e heretofoie contended,
and who still contend, that the entrance of the
Constitution within the limits of those Territories,
with all its guarantees, necessarily had the effect,
propria vigors* of repealing the Mexican laws on
the subject of slavery. But, in aadition to all
this, we h* ve restricted the territorial governments
from all action either for the establishment or pro-
hibition of slavery. This, I hkve thought, was
unnecessary, inasmuch as I do not believe that
the territorial governments Would have had any
power to legislate adversety to slavery, had no re-
striction whatever been imposed; but still, in or'der
#> make assurance doubly ante upon a point so
Evolving southern feeling, I have bem
willing to vote for every reasonable amendment
ihfct might be brought forward for the purpose of
guarding southern rights from infraction. In the
Same spirit, and with the same purpose, I shall
now bring to the notice of the Senate certain other
amendments which I have heretofore, on repeated
occasions, promised to brins: forward at a suitable
time, and which i hope to have an opportunity of
offering this morn ins1. When I read the amend-
ments, as I shall presently proceed to do, it will
be appai ent I hope to all, that it is no part of my
intention to despoil the South of any part of her
rights, or to involve her.in a plan of adjustment
to which she cannot consent without dishonor.
Here are the amendments:
"Strike out the tenth line, and to the word 'thereon'in-
clusive in the eleventh line of thirtv-nmth section, and
martin lieu thereof, 'where the thirty-fouith degree of
north latitude crosses said river.'"
At the end of the bill, add as follows:
"Provided, Thafcnothingin this act contained shall he so
construed a=? in any mnniirr to nnpait any light* which the
State of 'IVxa- mav now have to any territory claimed hy
her, under an.; by authority ofher Iiti« of boundary of
in the event that the terms proposed to said State of Te.\o<
phoind not he accepted, in the same manner as if thi< act
had not parsed : *dvd prondtd, vlso, That nothins in tin*
act eontinned shall be t-o eon-tiucd ns to contravene the
p innple of compromise on the subject of slavery em-
bodied m the Texa< resolutions of annexation, in reward to
the ten itory, the ce^ion of winch, on the partot Texas, is
pjnvtded tor hy tin- act."
As 1 have already said, the state of my health
is not surh as to allow meto address the Senate at
length. Indeed, I think it was hardly consistent
with prudence to have said as much as I have
done. *
Mr. HALE. I move that the further consider-
ation of the subject be postponed until Monday.
Mr CLAY. 1 hope that motion -will not pre-
vail, if it is moved for the purpose already indi-
cated—that of adjourning; over to-morrow. I hope
the Senate will get through these amendments.
If this motion be persisted in, I shall m:>ve an
adjournment.
jVIr BENTON. I merely have to say that I
have been waiting for a long time to take the
sense of the Senate on a motion for the indefinite
postponement of this subject. I waited, because
there were several large points on which gentle- l!
men wished to address the Senate, and to take jj
the opinion of the Senate, so that when these ij
points were djspospd of tney could see their way ;i
through the bill. I was in hopes that we should !'
be able to get through these large points this week; '
and I now give notice that on Monday next I shall 1
move that the further consideration of this bill be >
postponed indefinitely.
The question was then taken on the motion of !
Mr. Hale to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until Monday next; and there were, for j
the motion—ayes 19, noes 30 ji
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to. ij
IV?r. DICKIjXSON. I move that the further :j
consideration of this bill be postponed until to- !i
morrow at twelve o'clock. h
The motion was agieed to. 11
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, after some time spent ;i
therein, the doors weie reopened, anu then, on ![
motion, the Senate adjourned. i;
made that the committee risfe.'' He wa3 of the
opinion, and he had so decided, that the majority
voted in favor of the motion: a division
called, however, and on the 'dhision theie' wefel
he believed, 8 voting for the motion to hWariQ
22- againfct it. No quornril was present, a ma-
majority of those Voting bein'g agMnfer it.- Ttffe
Chair Thought it imperative that the roll Bfcmld
be called in pursuance of the Igfitfrrttfe: It wa$
consequently called, and th'e riamSls. dfthe absent-
ees were rep< - • • • -
the Journal.
vere reported to the HouSe to^'eehterfed upon
onrn«i He now asketl th6 uharti'jfebuscfon-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. !
Saturday* Jttne 8, 1850. " |
The Journal of yesterday was read. ;
Mr. JONES addressed the Chair and was ree- j
o^mzed. I
' Mr. RICHARDSON rose (he said) to a pnv- I
ileijfd question. '
Mr. JOXE3 said, the object to which he had ;
risen, }ie believed, w. s of a pnvde^ed character. !
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Jones.) The gentle- !
man wi'l state his question. !
Mr. JOiNES said, he was in the chair in Com- 1
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
last night, and after ten o'clock a motion W8s ■
sent of the'House, as it was the general4
standing that they were to meet last night merely
for the purpose of making and hearing speeches,
that the names of the absentees should not be enr
tered on the Journal.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he had no
objection to the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, but he was going to ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the rule in question be
so modified as to provide that when the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union found
itself without a quorum, the roll should he called,
except uppn a motion to rise; for certainly it. was
not contemplated that the roll should be called
when there was not a quorum upon the motion to
rise. Jt was only when the committee found
themselves without a quorum upon measures of
business.
Mr. JONES wishi^ to make a suggestion o\\
that point: Supposing that the rules were motlj-
fi<d as the gentleman from Georgia proposed, if
no quorum voted on a motion to rise, and the ma-
jority voted against rising, what would be their
condition? They could not go to business, and
the majority would have refused to rise.
IV] r. STEPHENS asked the gentleman to allow
the House to vote upon the proposition which he
sugsres'ed.
The SPEAKER stated that :he question would
be on the motion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, if no obiection was made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I have no objec-
tion to that.
The SPEAKER stated the motion proposed by
the gentleman from Tennessee, and said it would
be put to the House if no objection was made.
Mr. ASHMON said, he thought that ihe rule
ought to be amended, but as long as it stood, it
should be carried out. He himself was absent,
with the great majority of the House, last night,
with the full understanding that there was only to
be debate; and he was willing that h is name should
be recorded with the other gentlemen who were
absent under spch circumstances.
Objection thus being made, the proposition of
Mr. Jones was not received.
Mr. CLEVELAND rose (and no objection be-
in^ made) said, he v\ ished to be allowed to say that
last evening a gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
OwExV,] had called at his room, and stated that
severe domestic affliction rendered it proper that
he should return to his family, but he would not
unless he could pair off with some member who
voted differently from him upon politics and upon
the great questions which were to be voted upon in
this House The gentleman had proposed to him,
(Mr. C..) knowing that he had been for aconsid-
ejable time out of health and desirous ofretiuning-
bom-* that he mi^ht regain it—that he should pair
off with him; assuring h m that he should remain
unless he could pair otT with some one who votfd
u.frVrently from him, and that they had not voted
t'^ether this session, and probably would not.
Under these circumstances—doubling exceedingly
v\ hether his health would allow him to remain in
the House, and especially dunnjr the i-iyht ses-
sions, and knowing that the result could not be
changed in any vote whether they both left or both
remained, he had consented to pair off with the
gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He said the proposition of whirh he had
yesterday jjiven nofce in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, provided for the adnns'-
smn of Cali'orma and for one territorial govern-
ment over Utah and New Mexico; the Journal
stated that the p'oposifion was for two oovern-
monts, one for each territory. He hoped it would
be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be amen'dfed
accordingly.
The Journal, as' amended, wasapproved.
