,1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. DANIEL said he had risen for the purpose
of submitting a motion to proceed to the private j
business which was m order to-day. But before '
he did so,'he wished, to ask leave to make an
adverse report from the Committee of Claims,
whicn he had for some time had in his hand, and
which he had been prevented from making when
the committees were last called by being absent on
account of indisposition.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is with great reluct-
ance that 1 object to the gentleman's proposition.
It will interfere with ihe debate to which we have
agreed to devote the time until Tuesday.
private calendar.
Mr. DANIEL. I now submit the motion that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole House for the consideration of bills on the
private calendar.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion to allow the proposition
•which I suggested to be submitted to the House.
Mr. DANIEL declined to withdraw his motion.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the House
reStilve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the further consideration of
the California question.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion of Mr.
Daniel was first in order, and propounded that
question.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative. #
So the House refused to resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the "Whole House.
california.
The question recurred, and was taken, on the
motion ofMr. King,and decided in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself' into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the President's message transmitting the constitu-
tion of California.
Mr. PHELPS, who was entitled to the floor
from last night, addressed the committee during
his hour, (in remarks which will be published
hereafter.) He referred with some minuteness to
the history of the action of the people of Califor-
nia in their meetings and conventions preliminary
to the Convention which framed their constitution,
showing conclusively, he contended, that the plan
of the State government originated with the peo-
ple of California. Some of his political friends
charged that this Ad ministration had influenced the
people to form the constitution which they had
submitted to Congress: he (Mr. P.) had no doubt
but this was the will of the Administration, but
the people ot' California had previously determined
the question. The constitution of California was
not the child of this Administration: it was too
impotent to beget it. In confirmation of this view,
he further referred to the memorial to Congress ot
the delegates from California, and then passed to
a review of the action of the Senate at the last
session, and to the report of Mr. Senator Douglas,
from a select committee, in favor of the admission
of California as a State. He also read divers ex-
tracts from the Union of this city, published during
the last session, strongly urging the admission of
California, and demanding it as a matter of right,
leaving to her people to decide upon the question
of slavery, and referred to other evidences that the
Democratic party were at that time in favor of the
admission of California as a State.
Mr. AVERETT inquired if the " Union" was
sustained in this position at -that time by the
South? He (Mr. A.) was then in the Senate of
Virginia, and the doctiine was repudiated by both
Whigs and Democrats.
Mr. PHELPS said, he had not spoken of Vir-
ginia opinions especially, but there were many
southern Demociats in Congress ready, at that
time, to vote for the admission of California. Mr.
Preston's bill was endorsed by a distinguished
Democrat from Virginia, (Governor McDowell;)
it did not, in all respects, suit his (Mr. P.'s) vie.-, s,
but the general policy was sustained by himself
and his constituents.
Mr. FEATHERSTON desired to know on
what authority the gentleman from Missouii based
the supposition that the southern Democrats in
Congress were in favor of the admission of Cali-
fornia at the last session of Congress?
Mr. INGE said, there was but one southern
Democrat at that time in favor of it—the
man from Virginia, [Mr. McDowell,] to whom
reference had been made.
Mr. PHELPS said, he was reading from the
files of the Union, which repeatedly and strongly
urged upon the Democrats in Congress the admis-
sion of California as a Democratic measure.
Mr. INGE said, he was not bound by what
was published in the " Union," unless he ex-
pressly endorsed it.
Mr. PHELPS said, it was well known that tHfe
editor of that paper was imported from Virginia
to express the sentiments of the Democratic party
of Virginia, and of the South generally, if he
had erroneously represented them, why had not
his authority been repudiated before?
Mr. BOCQCK said, he had at the time pro-
claimed his opposition to that bill, and his senti-
ments would be found on record in the Appendix
to the Congressional Globe.
Mr. INGE said, he had voted—together with
the great body of the Democrats in Congress—
against it, which he supposed the gentleman would
admit was the most emphatic way of showing
their opposition to the measure.
Mr. PHELPS said, that bill was voted upon in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where no record was kept, but he was
certain that it received a very respectable vote.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that some of their
friends attached the VVilmot proviso to it, and then
the southern Democrats voted against it.
Mr. PHELPS replied, that they ought to have
voted against it then. Without relating private
conversation, he might say that he knew many
southern Democrats, who at that time exposed
themselves favorable to the admission of Califor-
nia and of New Mexico; and, in accordance with
that opinion, "Father" Ritchie appealed again
and again in its behalf, and declared that Congress
must not adjourn without passing it.
Mr. INGE inquired if Mr. Ritchie had not, at
the commencement of the present session, declared
the movement m California a fraud, and taken
the strongest ground against the admission?
Mr. PHELPS saW, if the measure was right
when the Union first advocated it so warmly, it was
right afterwards. He could not reconcile or see
the consistency of the two positions.
He further advocated the admission of the State,
estimating her population, according to his best
information, at one hundred and five to one hundred
and seven thousand, which would entitle her to
two Representatives; replying to the objections
on the ground of precedent, and of the size of tho
State; and assuming that, according to the Dem-
ocratic principles of the right of the people to self-
government, she should long since have been ad-
mitted. He declared his decided opposition to the
Wilmot proviso, and expressed the opinion that it
is not within the constitutional power of Congress;
and appealed to northern gentlemen, if they were
sincere in professing to believe that the Mexican
laws and the geographical character and climate of
the territories would exclude slavery, to desist from
pressing the legislative prohibition. He was de-
sirous to have all the questions of difficulty settled
in accordance with the rights and wishes of the
South, and with the Constitution, and to see the
harmony of the different sections restored. He
was arguing the imperative duty of the northern
States, in compliance with the strict injunctions of
the Constitution and rn justice to the South, to de-
liver up fugitive slaves, when—
The CHAIRMAN'S hammer announced the
expiration of his hour.
Mr. McMULLEN next obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee for an hour. He spoke
of the perfect understanding which he had ot the
opinions of his constituents upon the question
under discussion, and of the desire which he felt
to compare views with gentlemen on the other
side of the House, in order to see whether some
plan might not be devised to relieve the country
from its existing difficulty. Something should be
done, and that without delay. He noticed some
of the remark's which had been made by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] He (Mr.
McM.) characterized the speech of that gentle-
man as being, if not the speech of an out-and-out
Free-Soiler, at least that of a southern man with
northern principles—a speech which, in the judg-
ment of his constituents, should nail him to the
counter as a counterfeit dollar.
Mr. McMULLEN then yielded to
Mr. PHELPS, who explained what his argu-
megf had been, when—
Mr. McMULLEN said: Then you are in favor
of the President's plan?
Mr. PHELPS. Not at all.
Mr. McMULLEN. What plan are you in
favor of?
Mr. PHELPS. In relation to the President's
plan of non-action, I had nothing to sa,y. I de-
clared that my constituents were in favor of ad-
mitting California as she is. I further avowed
my desire to adjust all matters in dispute between
the North and the South in accordance with the
principles of the Constitution, and with the rights
of-the people of the South. And I said that if
any plan by which all the matters which were the
cause of the existing difficulties should be pre-
sented, it would receive my approval. I did not re-
fer to the plan of the Senate, because 1 did not
know what it would be. I will not declare my-
self in favor of that plan, because I do not know
what amendments may be made to it, or what
form it will ultimately assume.
Mr. McMULLEN. Does the gentleman'mean
to say, that he will vote for the admission of Cali-
fornia in advance of the settlement of the other
questions ?
Mr. PHELPS. Well, in relation to that mat-
ter, I will say, that I expect to vote for the ad-
mission of California if there is nothing put into
the bill. That I believe to be the voice of my
people.
Mr. McMULLEN. Then you are practically
a Wilmot-proviso man. If you will admit Cali-
fornia as an isolated question, in advance of the
provision for the establishment of territorial gov-
ernments for Utah and New Mexico, will any
man say that they will not follow the example of
California, and thus to all intents and purposes we
shall have the Wilmot proviso enacted ?
Mr. PHELPS. Will you vote against the ad-
mission of California, if the bill does not contain a
provision for territorial governments for Utah and
New Mexico? and will gentlemen thus keep Cali-
fornia out of the Union until you have two non-
slaveholding States?
Mr. McMULLEN. I will vote against the ad-
mission of California in that event.
Mr. PHELPS. Then you are desirous of
having two non-slaveholding States in the Union.
Mr. McMULLEN. That is another question.
Mr. McM. contended that they mightas well vote
directly for the Wilmot proviso, as permit Califor-
nia to come into the Union in advance of the set-
tlement of the other questions. He then proceeded
to argue, that Congress possesed no constitutional
power to pass the Wilmot proviso, and that it was
their duty to establish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico, without that proviso.
Mr. ALLEN said, the debate which had taken
place in the two Houses during the present session
was not without its use. A mass of information
had been communicated in regard to the history
of the Government, the intentions of its founders,
&c., which was of inestimable value to tho^e who
should succeed them in Congiess. It had shown
that the Government w,as originally framed (as
was declared in the preamble of the Constitution)
for the preservation and security of liberty, but
that a great change had taken place, and that it
was sought to make it the instrument for the sup-
port and extension of slavery. He spoke of the
acquisition of Louisiana and Florida, the admis-
sion of Missouri, the annexation of Texas, and
characterized them all as parts in the great plan of
the perversion of the Government from its legiti-
mate objects to the perpetuation of slavery. He
glanced at the policy which had been pursued by
southern politicians—a policy of encroachments
on the Constitution by new and unheard-of con-
structions; at onetime insisting upon a strict con-
struction—denying the right of the Government to
engage in works of internal improvement, and
to impose a protective tariff; at other times, when
necessary to the promotion of their dai ling scheme,
sanctioning the most latitudinarian construction, or
even confessedly violating its provisions. As in-
stances of the latter course, he cited the acquisition of
Louisiana, which was pronounced by Mr. Jefferson
to be unconstitutional, aad not to be accomplished
without an amendment of that instrument; the
purchase of Florida, the annexation of Texas by
joint resolution of Congress; and, as instances of
i attempts to ingraft upon the Constitution new
