1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M67j
features by construction, he named the theory of a
copartnership among the several States, a.Joint
tenancy in the teriitories—a doctrine, he mid,
unknown to the framers of the Constitution—and
the theory of " equilibrium."
Repeating that the object of this policy was (o
convert the Government into an instrument for
the protection and perpetuation of slavery, he
passed to notice the constitutions of some of the
slave States, specifying that of Virginia, which he
said was so framed as to enable the eastern
minority to control the large western majority of
the free people of that State; and the constitution
of South Carolina, under which, he said, less than
one-third of the freemen of that State elected
twenty-eight members, while the other two-thirds
elected but seventeen members to the State Senate,
and which made a necessary qualification for
eligibility to the House of Representatives of that
State (in addition to a certain amount of real
estate) the possession of ten negroes, and to the
Senate the possession of twenty. He referred to
these, facts to illustrate the objects to which
southern politicians would convert the Constitu-
tion of the General Government if they had the
power. He defined the objects of the Free-Soil
party to be to restore the Constitution to its original
purposes—to resist this progress in the wrong
direction. That party, he said, boldly declared
in Congress, as they did at home, their opposition
to the extension of slavery, their determination to
put forth every effort to arrest its progress, and
their confident hope that so surely as truth pre-
vails, as the Almighty reigns, the day would come
when a stop would be put to the encroachments of
this abominable power, and all should, enjoy the
blessings of freedom.
Mr. A. having concluded his remarks—
Mr.THURMANobtained thefloor,and yielded
to a motion by
Mr. FOWLER, that the committe rise.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN followed, and addressed the
committee for an hour. After some preliminary re-
marks, he entered upon an examination of the
constitutional question involved in the adoption of
the Wilmot proviso, and declared his belief to be
that Congress had full power to adopt it. Believ-
ing slavery to be a social and political evil, he
would exercise the political power which had been
intrusted to his hands, to keep it out of these new-
ly-acquired territories. Whilst he did not begrudge
the South the representation which it already pos-
sessed here, yet he was unable to see anything in
the Constitution or history of the country demand-
ingofhim the extension of the institution of sla-
very. He would not oppose the equilibrium, of
which so much had been heard, if it were to be
obtained by constitutional and fair means. If any
other means were resorted to, he would insist on
his constitutional rights. And believing that Con-
gress had the power to prohibit slavery in the ter-
ritories, one strong motive which would influence
him to vote in favor of its exercise, (as he intended
to do,) would be to prevent further representation
of the institution in Congress, and especially in
the Senate. But he disclaimed any desire to choke
and strangle slavery within the domain in which
it now legitimately existed. He objected to load- ;
ing down the bill for the admission of California
with any other issues; and if, as Congress, not by
a general vote, but by a general expression of sen-
timent, had declared, the time had come when, un-
der the ninth article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, California ought to be admitted into the
Union, he should feel it to be his imperative duty
to vote for her admission at once. He deprecated
the mingling together of various and, as he be-
lieved, incognate measures — thus embarrassing
all of them. He then gave his views generally on
the subject of the compromise bill, (and they will
appear in his published remarks.)
Mr. T. having concluded,
Mr. HAMILTON obtained the floor.
The committee then rose,
And the House took a recess until 8 o'clock to-
night.  
EVENING SESSION.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
twelve minutes past eight o'clock.
Twenty-eight members present.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair) and resumed
the consideration of the California question.
_ Mr. HAMILTON addressed the committee du-
ring his hour. He defended the claims of Califor-
nia to admission as a State; argued that the South
would gain nothing (but the exasperation of the
people of California) by refusing her admission,
as, if she were now remanded to a territorial con-
dition, she must eventually be admitted as a free
State. He defended the compromise plan of the
Senate, justified the connection of the territorial
.question with that of the admission of the State, on
the ground that they both disposed of the slavery
question; and advocated it as the best policy for
the South, and as a means of restoring peace and
harmony to the country.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, said he would
vote for a measure combining the admission of
California and the establishment of territorial gov-
ernments for Utah and New Mexico, excluding
any provision in form, or in fact, by implication
or direct consequence, relative to slavery, but leav-
ing the question in its present state. He avowed
himself in favor of the admission of California as
an independent measure, and of the President's
plan, but said he was not inseparably wedded to
it, but would assent to any amicable and just set-
tlement of pending difficulties.
Mr. McGlUEEN obtained the floor at ten min-
utes past ten o'clock, and addressed the committee.
He asserted that there was a regular system of
war by northern men against the rights, the honor,
and the property of the South. He proceeded to
expose the fanaticism of the North; demanding of |
them to cease their attacks upon the South, and |
giving warning, that if this was not done, the South
would take upon herself the defence of those rights
at all hazards and to the last extremity.
At a quarter past 11 o'clock, p. m., adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
Kendall county, in tile State of Illinois, praying for the pro-
hibition of slavery and tile slave trade in all llie territories ;
and reimmsutuing against the admission ot more slave States
into the Union.
Also, the petition of citizens of Kendall county, in the
State ol Illinois, praying for the right of trial by jury to fugi-
Uve slaves.
Also, the petition of citizens of Kendall cnusty, in the
Stale ot Illinois, praying lor Llie repeal ot all laws author-
izing slavery and the slave trade in the District ot Columbia,
and in the event of non-repsal, the removal ot the seat or
Government.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial signed by the Gov-
ernor ot Pennsylvania diid the members ot both branches of
the Legislature of that State, asking Congress to grant assim-
ilated rank to surgeons m the Navy.
Also, the petition or sundry citizens of Philadelphia, ask-
ing tor a uniform rate of prepaid postage of two cents per
half ounce.
13y Mr. J3R[GGS: The petition of D. P. Ingraham and
others, citizens of New York, prajing Congress to make
appropriation# for the improvementof the navigation of the
Hariem rivrr.
By Mr. IIILLIARD: The petition of citizens of Pike coun-
ty, Alabama, asking Congress to establish uduect mail-route
from Troy to Montgomery, via Onon, Carter's Hill, and
Pine Levt-J.
* J3y Mr. BJROWiV, of Mississippi: An application to have
refunded the duty paid on a church bell presented i" the
year 184*, by Piitice Alexander Forionia, of Koine, to John
Joseph Chauche, Bishop of Natchez, and imported from
Rome in the year 1850.
Bv Mr DOTY: The petitions of P. P. Wmstow, Fiank-
iin Warner,P. B. Richmond,and other dtizensof Columbia
county, in Wisconsin, pravmg that slavery and the slave
trade may be p.-oliibited in the territories ; that no State be
admitted whose constitution does not prohibit slavery; that
fugitive slaves shall be entitled to tiud by jury; and that all
laws authorizing slavery or the slave trade in the District
of Columbia be repealed, or the seat of Government flfe re-
moved. ,
By Mr. CALVIN" ♦ The petition ot'S. Miles Green and 3d
others, citizens of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a modification oi the tariff*act ot 1846.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 8, 1850.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted documents in re-
lation to the claim of Isaac Graves, a soldier in
the last war with Great Britain, to a pension;
which, were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial or William
Holmes, Henry C. White, and other citizens of
the United States, asking the adoption of measures
for encouraging the emigration of the African race
from the United States; which was ordered to .lie
on I he table. •
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of, C. W.
Klotz, D. B. Wyandt, and other citizens of the
United States, asking that the public domain may
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlors
not possessed of other lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Ohio, ask-
ing that slavery may be abolished in the District
of Columbia and prohibited by (aw in the territo-
ries of the United States; that no more slaveli.old-
ing States be admitted into the Union; that the
trial by jury be allowed by law to fugitives'
and the domestic slave tiade abolished.
Also, a petition from citizens of Iowa, i
that slavery may be prohibited by law in the ter-
ritories of the United Stales.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery may be abolished in the Dis-
trict of Columbia or the seat of Government- re-
moved therefrom.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ohio, asking that
the right of trial by jury may be allowed by law
to fugitive slaves; all of which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of citizens of Greenbush, Wisconsin, ask-
ing a grant of unsurveyed lawi, in the Green Bay
land district, to the town of Greenbusji, for .the
purpose of educatioak which was referred to the
Committee on PubllHLands. ,
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to which was referred House bill No. 148,
making further appropriations for public buildings
in the Territories of Minnesota and Oregon, have
had the same under consideration, and have direct-
ed me to report it back without amendment, and
to recommend its passage. I would state that the
appropriations are very limited, and are very ne-
cessary for the erection of public buildings in
Oregon; and it is important to pass this bill imme-
diately, as a steamer is about to leave for Oregon.
I presume there will be no objection to it, and I
therefore ask for its immediate consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand that this bill
is under consideration as in Committee of the
Whole?
The VrCE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. BUTLER, i should like to have some
explanation of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will explain it in a few
words. The first section provides an approprist
j tion of $20,000 to each of the Territories, Min-
I nesota and Oregon, for the purpose of erecting
I penitentiaries, there being no prisons there, the
j bill creating the Territories having omitted to
I make any appropriation for the purpose.
! The second section provides that the Legislature
' of the Territory of Minnesota may expend an
appropriation heretofore made, in the erection of
public buildings, any law to the contrary notwith-
standing; which means just this: When the law
creating the Territory of Minnesota was passed,
it provided that the first session of the territorial
legislature should be held at St. Paul, and that this
legislature should provide by law for the locatiou
of the seat of government. They omitted to go
through the formality of locating the seat of gov-
ernment, as required, at the first session. This is
to cure that defect, so that they may expend the
money in the same'way as if they had acted at
I the first session.
I The other provision relates to the appropriation
i for Oregon. The usual appropnauon for public
| buildings in territories is $20,000. The Oregon
i bill appropriated but §5,000. This is to add
i $20,000 to that ®5,000, supposing that $25,000
! would not now be equal in value to $10,000, and
! certainly not equal to §20,000 at that time; conse-
; quently it is proposed to give §5,000 more than
[ the usual amount appropriated for the erection of
| public buildings. That is the whole bill, and, as
i the House has passed it, the Committee on Terri-
| tories did not hesitate to recommend its passage.
| Mr. BUTLER. Of course the best guarantee
| for a bill of this kind is what has been done here-
j tofore in making other appropriations for territo-
| ries. I shall certainly accede very much to what
I the chairman of the committee has said on this
