1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, inquired whether
the amendment embraced the additional copies of
the accompanying documents?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio not to include the accompa-
nying documents in his motion.
Mr. SWEETSER repeated that his amendment
proposed the printing of the message only.
Mr. ROOT desired that the amendment be re-
duced to writing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sweetser] will please reduce his amend-
ment to writing.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether the res-
olution and amendments proposed the printing in
any other languages than the German and English ?
The SPEAKER. The propositions now before
the House do not.
Mr FOWLER inquired what was the question
now before the House?
The SPEAKER stated the question to be first
upon the amendment to print five thousand addi-
tional copies of the message in the German lan-
guage.
The tellers having been appointed—Messrs.
Peck and Duer—took their places, and were pro-
ceeding to take the affirmative vote.
Mr. BAYLY. Is it in order to discuss the
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order had not
the House already commenced voting.
The tellers announced the affirmative vote to be
115.
And a count of the negatives not being demand-
ed—
The SPEAKER announced that the question
was decided m ihe affirmative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote on
the adoption of the amendment; and upon that
motion, he said, he desired to say a single word.
A Member. Did you vote in the affirmative ?
Mr. BAYLY. I did. I generally know how
to effect my purposes.
I think (said Mr. B ) a worse precedent could
not be set than the adoption of the amendment
just agreed to. We have in this country but one
legislative language, but one national tongue; and
if we set the example of printing the public docu-
ments in another tongue than that which is our
national language, we shall be compelled to follow
it up by printing our documents in every lauguage
that prevails ill any part of our extended Republic
—and these languages are precisely as numerous
as the different tongues which are spoken in Chris-
tendom. How can you discriminate? If you print
the message in the German language, why should
you not print it also in the French ? Why should
you not a fortiori print it m the Spanish? in the
Cherokee? the Hungarian? [A voice: "In the
Pawnee.'"] and in every other language which is
spoken m our extended Republic? If you depart
at ail from the cu3tom of printing it in our national
tono-ue alone, you cannot without improper dis-
crimination refuse to print it in every tongue that is
spoken to any considerable extent in the Union.
If you are to print the President's message in the
different languages which are spoken in the coun-
try there will be a much stronger necessity for
printing the laws too in alt these different lan-
guages" The laws are made to be obeyed. To
enable them to be obeyed they ought to be printed |
in languages which the different citizens under-
stand." There is, therefore, a much stronger reason
for printing all your laws in these tongues than
for printing political documents; and if you are to |
go to that extent—and if this precedent be set and
followed, to that extent you must go—what wilt
be the next step ? You will have to employ inter-
preters. . F
Mr. WINTHROP interposed with a point ot
order* Having adopted no rules and orders, the
House (he said) were governed only by the par-
iiamentary law; and under that law there wasi no
such motion as the motion to reconsider, i he
motion of the gentleman from Virginia was, there-
fore not in order. ,
Mr BAYLY said he had nearly got through
with what he had intended to say. He would not
reTl?eeSPEAKER. The Chair concurs with the
gentleman from Massachusetts upon the point ot
order. The motion to reconsider is not, there-
fore, in order. The question upon the adoption
of the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] as amended, is, however debata-
ble.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to lay the resolution,
as amended, on the table. If that motion suc-
ceed, I will follow it up by moving the resolution
of the gentleman from Georgia afresh.
Mr. MORSE. I hope my friend from Virginia
will withdraw the motion to lay on the table. I
will renew it.
Mr. BAYLY. It is not necessary. The mo-
tion to lay on the table is debatable.
Mr. MORSE. I represent a constituency, a
large portion of whom speak the French language,
and yet I would not vote for the proposition to
have a certain number of copies of the message
printed in that particular language; because, in
addition to the argument which has been submit-
ted by the gentleman from Virginia, there is
another one, and an important one, against it.
Sir, it should be the object of this Government, as
far as it can by its legislation, to seek to make
those who seek an asylum and a home in America,
Americans in every sense of the word. And it
this House, adopting the practice which has pre-
vailed to some extent in some of the States, under-
takes to furnish the Executive documents and
reports in the various languages, these persons
will cling with tenacity to their mother tongue,
and transmit to their children and their descend-
ants the habits, the prejudices, and the language
which they should have left behind them as they
crossed the ocean.
I Now, I ask the House if they mean to insist
' upon printing five thousand copies of the Presi-
1 dent's message in the German language, that they
will at least give me a vote upon tne reconsid-
eration, so as to take again the question of pnnt-
in>* also in the Fiench language—the court lan-
guage of Europe,—and in the Spanish language
 the language ofa section of country almost equal
in extent to the old thirteen States which has re-
The SPEAKER, who laid before the House the
following
executive communications.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering the report of the Auditor to the
Post Office Department.
Also, the report of the Treasurer of the United
States.
Also, the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. VINTON said it was important that the
last-named document be published at as early a
day as possible. He would therefore move the
printing of the usual number, and of as many ex-
tra copies as were ordered printed of the same re-
port at the last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES said, the " usual number" was de-
termined by the rules of the House. They had
no rules, and therefore, when they passed an order
to print the usual number, how would that number
be determined ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
by the usual number is meant the same number
which has uniformly been ordered printed for a
number of years.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the usual number ?
The SPEAKER. Thirteen hundred and eighty
copies is the usual number printed for several
sessions, and ten thousand extra of this leporl
were printed at the last session.
Pending the question—
Mr. BUR T called up his motion to adjourn.
"Which being agreed to—
The House adjourned to Thursday, at twelve
o'clock, m.
in extent tu tuo um ~—— •••.— - ^
centlybeen admitted into the Union. Thepeopleot j tion
r ...   if oi- it AntltlpH I?<
Louisiana are entitled—if any people are entitled
—to read the message in the language which they
' speak; but while I would not ask it for them, 1
| apprehend that common justice requires, if we se-
1 rio'usly mean to bring it home to the understanding
of every constituent ot' the different memoers of
. . ^ . C   .-sT CltlfMllfl
this
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 24, 1849.
The Journal having been read,
Mr. NORR1S submitted the following resotu-
on:
Rrtohed. That the Committee of Claim" be atithorjz'd to
employ a clerk, and that he tie alimv, d such rate of com-
pensation as IS Iitual!y allowed in such ca'-e*.
Mr. RUSK said that the Committee of Claims
had heretofore been allowed to employ a cleik
temporarily. It was expedient, he ttiought, that
very constituent ot the difterent memoers 0 the clerkship should be made permanent; and with
House, that a fair proportion of copies should < ^ ^ ^ subject considered, he moved
a view to have the subject considered, he moved
that the resolution be referred to the Committee of
Claims; which motion was agreed to.
!! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
|j The following message was received from the
; House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell,
their Clerk:
! Mr President: I am directed to inform the Senate that
a quorum of Ihe House of R-presenl.un'-s assembled on the
) 3.1 instant, and that on Saturday, ihe SSd instant, the Hon.
. Howei-l Cobb, a representative from the State of Georgia,
i was chosen Speaker thereof, and that it is now ready lo
i proceed to business.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that a com-
mittee of two be appointed by the Chair, upon the
part of the Senate, to join such committee as may
! • . . j ... .u « nf iVio f-1 (i ti sip nf RoniP«
U) l  X0.UUCO, ui«v j
go out to the country in the French language—the
language of Voltaire—thecourtlanguageof Europe.
Mr. ROOT desired to suggest an inquiry to the
gentleman from Louisiana before he took his seat.
Mr. MORSE. Certainly.
Mr. ROOT. I wish to know from the gentle-
man, if 5,0110 copies are printed in the German t
language, how many each member of this House i
would get for his constituents? .... , i
A Voice: About sixteen, which could oe bought i
for sixteen cents. j
Mr. MORSE. I a n discussing the question ot ,
principle, and, in so doing, it matters very little ■
whether each member would receive but a solitary
copy or more. The question 13—and it is a se-
rious and grave question—whether it is good pol-
icy. 1 do not approve of the systemof legislating f Ql w   -
so as to make political capital. If 1 had desired to . a0.i0inted on the part of the House of Repie-
make political capital, I would have introduced a jj gemal'jves l0 wait 0n the President of the United
resolution for the printing of the message m the n gta and ;nform him that a quorum of the two
French language; for I apprehend that there is not i, jjouacs 0f Congress have assembled, and are ready
a district in the United States where there is so i tQ receive any communlcation which he may have
a. umuivA hi vii -v- 
large a proportion of the people whose mother
tongue is not the English, as the district which 1
have the honor to represent.
But upon principle I am opposed to the piop-
osition, because I am desirous of seeing every
foreigner in the country acquainted with the lan-
guage of the Constitution of the United States; '
and if I am not mistaken, the Legislature of the ,
State of Louisiana—about half of whose popula- j
tion are French—have refused any longer to print
the laws and ordinances of that State in the French
language, thinking that their people will thereby
be induced to learn the language of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. .
But I repeat, 1 hope if the resolution as amended
be not laid on the table by a vote of this House,
that gentlemen will give me their votes for the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the proposi-
tion to print a certain number of copies in the
French laneuage was rejected.
Mr. BURT moved that the House do now ad-
journ, but yielded at the suggestion of
VVJ I J  
to make; which was agreed to.
The. VICE PRESIDENT appnined Senators
Dwis, of Mississippi, and Greene such commit-
. lee on the part of the Senate; and the committee
thereupon retired from the Chamber.
> The following message was received from me
, House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell,
■ their Clerk: .
"The House of Representatives lias passed a resolution
appointing a com.mltee to join such en.nnnllee as may he
anno ' d on the partof the Senate, to wait upon ihe Presi-
dent of the United States, and inform him thai a of
' ihe two House> have assembled, and are ready to recene
tju two h h m!,yjiavt- to mak*1; and haveap-
! as thecommmpeon their parr, Mr. Thompson uf
! Ssyfvinla, Mr. Vinton, and Mr. Holmes."
'' petitions and memorials.
\' jy[r DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
- Richatd Chaney, relative to his claim of pre em p-
!: tion to a part of the land now occupied by the
Ij town of Fort Madison; which was referred to the
j! Committee on Public Lands.
