THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 13, 1850.
New Series No. 74.
like to make charges on vague grounds or suspi-
cions—but I fear something more than appears on
the surface. We have seen towns fostered and
made to grow up under the influence of private in-
terests, aided by public appropriations. Men will
be very anxious to have the public money ex-
pended where it will give value to their property,
and they are ambitious to have their own towns
built up. I think it is batter, in every point of
view, to wait till the peopflphail have decided for
themselves where the seat of government shall be,
and, after they have made their decision, we may
exercise our liberality to aid them, if it is proper.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will explain that point. I
presume my friend from Kentucky did not intend
to be understood that the existing law is compul-
sory on the territorial legislature to take a vote of
the people, in order to locate the seat of govern-
ment, before the expenditure of the money now
appropriated. It provides that the legislature may
prescribe the mode of selecting a site for a perma-
nent seat of governmeat, so that they may give
the people an opportunity to do it, or they may do
it themselves, and that in the mean time St. Paul's
shall be the seat of government. The provision
is therefore complete. All the legislature need do
is to declare St. Paul's the seat of government, and
the difficulty is obviated. I do not think this sec-
tion is necessary, but to strike it out will require
the bill to so back to the House of Representatives,
and it will be delayed perhaps a month or two in
it3 passage, and produce delay in accomplishing
its great object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I made the same sugges-
tion in the committee which the Senator from Ala-
bama has now made here. I thought whether there
was not a possibility that some local interest in
Minnesota might not appropriate this $20,000 to
buildings in some favorite town, and that then they
might afterwards call upon Congress for another
$20,000. That was my objection; but I yield that
consideration. This provision for a popular vote
in the bill establishing the Minnesota territory, is
the first of the kind, I believe. The legislatures
have heretofore had the decision of the matter
with respect to the manner of appropriating the
money which Congress has appropriated for public
buildings. The Legislature has failed to have any
popular vote taken at present, and I do not think
they ought to take any popular vote for many
years, on account of the extent of the territory and
the sparseness of the population, which is disper-
sed at a few points. Any determination that might
be arrived at now might be extremely adverse to
the interest of the mass of the people when they
have spread over the whole country. They have
therefore refused to execute that part of the law.
Under all these circumstances I was induced to ad-
mit that it might be better for the Legislature to
have the disposition of the question at their own
discretion. I am also inclined to think that the
chairman of the committee is correct in what he
says of the bill, and of the power of the Legislature
to expend the money, but 1 do not wish to embar-
rass the bill by sending it back to the House.
Mr. JONES. I think my friend from Kentucky
is mistaken in supposing that this subject was re-
ferred to the decision of the people. It was
referred to the Legislature, and the law provided
that the Legislature, at its first session, should se-
lect a location of the seat of government.
Mr. DOUGLAS read the section of the law re-
ferred to, to show the powers of the Legislature in
this respect.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You will perceive by
the act that the Legislature is authorized to estab-
lish a temporary seat of government, and that they
are authorized to have the seat government located
by a vote of the people. This is a change which
I believe was not introduced into any former legis-
lation on the subject of the territories.
Mr, FOOTE. I have heard no good reason for
the postponement of this bill. However much I
may respect the gentlemen who have urged objec-
tions to this bill, it seems to me that the objections
themselves which have been urged are of too light
a character to be entertained. 1 know something
74
of the gentlemen under whose auspices this bill
has made Its appearance here. ' I know them well;
and I must say that there is no foundation, and
that there can be no possible foundation, for any
such suspicions as have been suggested by my
friend from Alabama. I have another remark to
make. I do think that for several years there has
been a manifestation on the part of Congress of a
want of due and proper sympathy with our new
territories, and the emigrants who go there, and a
willingness to leave them destitute of such provis-
ions as are necessary for their domestic safety and
happiness. I fear that we do not sympathize
enough with them. I make no charge against any
one, but it seems to me that there is often a desti-
tution of that generous sympathy which we should
feel for our fellow-citizens who encounter the dan-
gers of settling our new and exposed frontiers; and
I do not like, when such propositions are before
the Senate, to hear frivolous objections urged
against making such appropriations as are abso-
lutely indispensable to the well-being of those
young and feeble communities.
Mr. KING, I have had occasion often to know
that my friend from Mississippi entertains strong
sympathies and warm attachments, and that he is
very much governed in legislation by his syrnpa- !
thies and attachments. The objections which I \
made to the immediate passage and to the terms of :
this bill, were made m a respectful manner, and !
were not, I submit, of a frivolous or unimportant i
kind. However, the Senate may take them for j
what they are worth. As to sympathy for the <
people of the territories, I myself have never been j
disposed to exercise towards them any other than a j
just liberality, consistent with what i believe to be i
for the interest of the people themselves. The i
objection which I raised was not made because I j
knew anything of those gentlempn whom the i
Senator from Mississippi has eulogized so much,
for I have never had the honor of their acquaint- ;
ance. I take it for granted they are high-minded I
and honorable men; but have they control over the i
whole matter, either in IVJinncsota or Oregon ? j
Does it not belong to others to control it? And |
is it not right that the-people should be permitted j
to control it in the manner which they consider j
will promote their own interest? I am not dis- j
posed to prevent the passage of this bill. I see |
it is the sense of the Senate to act upon it now,'
and I will not throw any obstacles m the way.
But I submit that myself and other Senators, who
are capable of judging what is right and pioper,
have as much sympathy for the Territories as the
Senator fioin Mississippi.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sure I did not undertake
to assert very superior capabilities; for it is some-
thing that I never indulge in for a moment, either
directly or indirectly, i certain'y would make no
comparison between myself and the superior pow-
ers of the Senator from Alabama. 1 say this in
all sincerity. But I do say this, that the commit-
tee has investigated the matter, and I thought
some deference was due to them. And I did say
that I have thought that, for some years past, the
Congress of the United States has manifested a
want of that proper sympathy for our fellow-ci'i-
zens in distant parts of the Republic, to which 1
thought them entitled at our hands. In making
this statement I did not intend to implicate the
Senator from Alabama at ail. On the contrary, I
believe he is one of the last rr.en m either branch
of Congress who would be wanting in sympathy
for that portion of our fellow-citizens. _ 1 under-
stand my friend from South Carolina is inclined
to withdraw the motion to postpone. 1 am sure,
from the generosity of his nature, he will do so.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not in the habit of ap-
pealing to sympathy in legislation, and I dislike
to hear arguments of the kind used by my friend
from Mississippi this morning. In stating my ob-
jection to the passage of this bill now, I said that
I needed further information. However well oth-
ers may be prepared to act, I for one, wanted to
know more about it, for I am not now able to give
an intelligent vote. As a parliamentary privilege,
I interposed my objection to prevent the hasty
passage of this bill. As regards my personal feel-
ings in relation to these people, I do not think
proper to disclaim or acknowledge them one way
or the other, I thought it an extraordinary exer-
cise of power that we could put $20,000 under the
control of the Legislature of Minnesota at this
time. I say this with reference to the fact that if
the money be appropriated at St. Paul's, and
hereafter the seat of government is changed, they
may come here and call for another appropriation
of $20,000 or $40,000. I am not prepared to vote
for it. if I had all the information which the
Senator from Mississippi has, perhaps I should
be induced to vote for it; but I say that now, ac-
cording to my present impressions—what my
judgment may be hereafter 1 know not, but accord'
mg to my present information, I think it is an ex-
traordinary piece of legislation to establish prisons
at the seat of government of a Territory where
prisoners must be carried five hundred miles for
trial. If a territorial government is worth having,
they ought to establish prisons in the counties,
As to the penitentiary system, I do object to it;
but as this debate is taking up too much time, and
as the Senator from Illinois has shown that there
is some necessity for making this appropriation
for Oregon, though 1 think there is none foHMin-
nesota at present, I will not press my opposition
to taking the vote. But I shall vote against the
appropriation, notwithstanding all the arguments
I have heard. 1 therefore withdraw my motion
for a postponement,
Mr. ATCHISON. It spems to me this is a very
simple matter, and amounts to about this. We
sre told by the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories that there is noj.ul m Oregon or Minnesota.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to state one fact? The Delegate
from Oregon tells me—and I am also told by the
Chief Justice of Oregon—that there are now as
many as six Indians arrested for murder there, "
but there is no place in which to confine them, and
they have to detail a military guard to watch them,
at the public expense, while they await their trial.
Several men have been arrested on .charges of
horse stealing. If convicted, there will be no place
in which to confine them. There are other pris.-
oners there, and a military guard, at th^ public
expense, is detailed to watc.h them. In one year,
the expense of guarding them, in this way, will be
twire what it will cost to build a prison.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator has said on
that subject what I was about to say, and I need
not repeat it.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
was read a third time and passed.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the following resolution,
submitted a report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed:
Rctolvctl, Thnt the Committee on Printing he instructed
to impute and repoit tu the te \vl.nh< r the paunHHof
>512 .">00 for inmniL' ten thon-and copse* of tin- op-motis of
the Supi^m" Const in tiio o.w4* Smith i-t. Tuitier" and
" Nufin i«j. the City of Boston,'" making a pamphlet of one
hundiid and eighty-one pu;e=5, made tauee use in-t s-esMon
nt the Senate, was made ni pur-innce of the existing laws
on the &ulijeet of printing; and st it was, under what cia^s of
nnntinir, a< clarified in tin: propolis? for doing Use public
I prnuitiu of CoMgress, the said pa-ep'.det fall- ; aim bow
i muchot the pi nuns of the present Congress will lmve to be
| paid for at such rates?.
I REVENUE COLLECTED IX CALIFORNIA.
! Mr. BENTON moved to take up for consider-
! ation the resolution submitted by him on the 4th
! instant relating to California.
The resolution was read, as follows:
j jRewh-eiy That the Committee on Finance be instructed
' tu inquire into t'v-e expediency of refundmg to California the
1 amount enlleet.-d for tfn ie* in the pr,r?> of Cahfmma, hy
; auibomy of die United S'ates oitie. rsJVom the conquest of
i the country in J«G and l?47tothe lime of the arrival of the
j Cniterf Slates Collector at San Francisco, n\ the woati* of
November, 1847,
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I ask to com-
municate a paper to go along with the resolution.
It is a report from a select committee of tlie Gen*
