76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would ask that
the resolution he would now send to the Chair
might be read. And (said Mr. W.) if the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] will embrace it
in his resolution, we will go with him and sustain
the previous question.
[Several voices: " Speak for yurself. Do not
be sure of that,."]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I meant to say that I
would sustain the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Under the parliamentary law,
if the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] should be pending, and the
demand tor the previous question should be sus-
tained, the amendment would be cut off, and the
House be brought to a direct vote on the original
resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If no amendments can
be introduced, then the only resource is for gen-
tlemen to vote down the demand for the previous
question. I trust they will do so.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to read the
resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded tellers on the
previous question.
Mr. GiDDlNGS (addressing the Speaker) in-
quired whether, under the parliamentary law, the
previous question was debatable?
Ti e SPEAKER replied that, as he had decided
a few days ago, the previous question was deba-
table—no further, however, than as regarded the
question of the time when it should be taken. The
merits of the proposition could not be discussed.
The resolution of Mr. Boyd was then read, as
follows:
Revolted, That the rules of the House or Representatives,
except ihe eleventh rule, a3 th^v exii?t< d at the elo«e of the
last session of Cotiiire^, be adopted as tfierulesof this House
until otherwise ordered; and that a standing committee of
five members be appointed, to bo styled the Committee on
Rules.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
the 11th rule, proposed to be excepted. And it
was read, as follows:
" In all othor ea«es of ballot than for committees, a ma-
jority of the votes ffiven shall be necessary to an election ;
and wlieie there shall not be such a majority on the fi st
ballot, the b.tMots slnll be repeated until a majority be ob-
tained. [April 7, 1789 ] And in all balloting^, blanks shrill
be rfj ct<'d, and not taken into the count in the enumeta-
tion ot votes, or reported by the tellers.^ [Sept. 15, J837-3
Mr. GiDDlNGS said, that he merely desired
to address a single word to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd,] who had introduced this
resolution. That gentleman must know, from the
experience which he had had during his long term
of service in this Hall, that the adoption of the
rules now was equivalent to their permanent adop-
tion. He (Mr. G ) desired that they should be
amended in some respects. He did not intend to
enter into debate upon them. He wished to offer
an amendment, and he hoped that the gentleman
would withdraw his demand for the previous
qneftion, that he might have an opportunity of
doing so. The amendment was one which ought
to he in'roducd.
The SPEAKER inquired of Mr. Boyd whether
he would withdraw the demand for the previous
question, or not.
Mr. BOYD said, he would withdraw it for the
purpose of modifying the resolution in the manner
he would suggest; and when the resolution, as
modified had been read, he should renew his de-
mand for the pre\ious question.
The resolution, as modified by Mr. Boyd, was
read as follows.
ReioU-ed, That the rules of the House of Representatives,
except the I lth rule, as they existed at the close of the la-t
5-e^ion of Congrp^, be adopted the rules of this House,
nritil otli^rwi-je ordtjr< 'l; and that a standing committee of
five mnHiber-i bp appointed, to be styled the Committee on
Rules, whose duty it shall be to take into consuleiation and
retort upon all subjects and matters refeired to them, or
having relation to ihe rules of proceeding in this Huu^e.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that the resolution,
as modified, should he amended by the addition of
the words, " which committee, as usual, shall
never report." The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Boyd,] added Mr. S., knew very weii what
he was about.
Mr. BOYD (scarcely heard) was understood to
say, that he understood very well what he was
doing; and he knew that if the committee did not
report, and did not do their whole duty, he should
call upon them to do so, for some of the business
rules of the House ought to be amended. He re-
newed the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GiDDlNGS claimed the floor. He had
yielded it, hesaid, only for a specific purpose. He
did not think it was right for the gentleman to go
on and call for the previous question. The gen-
tleman withdrew the demand—then offered an
amendment, and renewed the demand. Was that
in order?
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Boyd] had a right to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. GiDDlNGS said, he would, then, send to
the Chair another amendment, which he respect-
fully requested the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] also to adopt as a modification of his
resolution.
The amendment was read as follows:
Thrit the ordering of the previous question shall in n°
case preclude a member from offering any amendment in
the Hou<e which febali have been oifeted in the Coinmitue
ot* the Whole.
Mr. GiDDlNGS again asked Mr. Boyd to ac-
cept it.
Mr. BOYD said he thought the amendment
might be a proper suhject to send to the Committee
on Rules for its consideration. But he could not
indorse it.
Mr. GiDDlNGS said he understood what the
policy of the gentleman was. The gentleman
knew that if the rules of the last House were
adopted now, they would stand permanently. But
the gentleman should be cautious m what he
did. What he (Mr. G ) had suffered, the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] might yet suffer
before the ad journment of Congress, by being in a
minority.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and ob-
jected to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gtddings]
going on to debate. If he did so, a general dis-
cussion would follow.
Mr. GiDDlNGS said he did not intend to de-
bate at ail.
Mr. YINTON said there were some slight
amendments which he desired should be made to
the rules of the last House, and which, he was
sure, would receive the assent of the gentleman
from Kentucky on a bare statement of them.
Among these was the rule requiring the Speaker
to call the States and Territories for petitions,
commencing with the State of Maine; and, alter-
nately, with the Territory of Wisconsin. Wis-
consin was now a State, and Oregon was her sub-
stitute.
Then,again, there was anotherrule under which
it was made the duty of the Speaker to call for pe-
titions every day, for the first thirty days of the
session; after which the States were called for pe-
titions but once a week. Now, he piesumed that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] would
readily agree that, at the present session, this
rule should be so modified as to allow of petitions
being called for daily through the month of Janu-
ary. The delay which hail taken place in the
organization of the House would render such ail
amendment proper.
There was also another amendment which he
was anxious to see ingrafted on the rules of the
House, and which was an important one on some
occasions. It was a rule of the House, that when
a motion was made to sti ike out a resolution or a
bill, and insert a substitute, the friends or support-
ers of the measure should have a rightto perfect it
before the vote was taken on striking out the ori-
ginal and inserting the substitute. The same rule
applied to the Committee of the Whole. He had
often seen the committee spend days in perfect-
ing a bill, by amendment, before taking a vote
upon the proposition to strike out the whole and
insert a substitute; and finally, when the question
was taken, the committee had struck out the whole
bill and inserted a substitute which put an end to
all the amendments—not recollecting that none of
the amendments to the original bill would be re-
ported to the House, or could be acted upon there.
In this state of things, when the substitute was
reported to the House, instead of the friends of
the original bill having the privilege to vote upon
it again, as in committee, they were compelled to
vote between the original bill, unamended, and the
substitute.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, interposed, and
submitted to the Speaker that this discussion was
entirely out of order.
At this stage of the day's proceedings, a mes-
sage in writing was received from the President of
the United Slates, by the hands of Colonel W.
W. S. Bliss, his Private Secretary.
Mr. VINTON said, he had but one word more
to say. When interrupted by the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] he(Mr. V.) was merely
about to add, that he had known a substitute to an
original bill voted upon and reported to the House
by a committee, when the House had no intention
of adopting the substitute. The amendment he
suggested would require that amendments made to
an original bill in committee should be reported to
the House, and that thus an opportunity should
be.given to the friends of the original bill to vote
upon the amendments made in committee before
the final vote was taken on striking out the original
bill and inserting the substitute.
Mr. BOYD said, he was well aware that any
discussion on the merits of the question would be
out of order. All the propositions of amendment
which had been suggested were but so many argu-
ments in favor of the proposition itself to raise a
standing committee. He (Mr. B.) should no doubt
agree with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
in many propositions of amendment. But the
House must see the necessity of adopting the rules
of the last House for its government without de-
lay. The pressure of that necessity, as every
gentleman could see, was upon them now. The
difficulties in the way of the business of the House
would but increase day by day so long as it waa
without rules. Let this resolution be adopted.
Let a committee be appointed, to whom all these
various propositions of amendment might be sent.
The committee would consider them, and they
would all be properly disposed of. He trusted the
House would not now wander from the true point
at issue, which was, whether the proposition he
had offered should be sustained ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, expressed hi3
concurrence in the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] and other gentlemen, that the
rules of the House needed some amendment. But
the House, he thought, should first have rules
before proceeding to amend them. It was in the
power of any gentleman, by giving one day's no-
tice, to introduce an amendment; and the House
might require the committee to report upon it; and
the apprehension that the committee never would
report, might be obviated in tnat way. He
trusted, therefore, that the House would imme-
diately sustain the demand for the previous ques-
tion. The House had acted under these rules at the
last and the preceding sessions. Let them be re-
adopted now, and afterwards let such amendments
as were required be made.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to make an inquiry fiom
Mr. Boyd as to the object he had in view in ex-
cepting the eleventh rule. He (Mr. H.) did not
know whether the gentleman contemplated a
change in the mode of election, or a change m the
general principle upon which elections had hitherto
been conducted. He apprehended that in the
absence of all rules, (and upon this point he would
ask information from the Speaker,) under the
general parliamentary law, and the general prin-
ciple controlling the election of officers, a majority
would be necessary. He presumed that if the
rule was excepted, no change would thereby be
effected in the majority principle by which elec-
tions for officers had heretofore been governed.
Mr. ASHMUN (taking the floor) said that he
concurred entitely in the opinion expressed by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] and the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] as to the
necessity of the adoption of rules. He thought that
the House ought immediately to adopt the°rules of
the last session for its temporary government. In
thut, he thought, all gentlemen would concur. But
that was not the proposition of thegentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Boyh.] That gentleman proposed,
not to adopt the rules as they existed at the last
session, but proposed an amendment with them
which ought to go to the committee. He pro-
posed to strike out the eleventh rule; the effect of
which would be, that when the House came to vote
for other officers, they would be brought to a plu-
rality vote. The gentleman did not disguise that
such was his object. If thegentleman would with-
draw his amendment, and let it go, as other amend-
ments would, to the committee which might be
appointed, he (Mr. A.) would now go with that
gentleman in the demand for the previous question.
