1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
seeded to state his objections to the plan of the
Committee of Thirteen m the Senate—denying that
it would compose the public excitement on the
question of slavery—and to vindicate the Presi-
dent's plan, as the only one practicable, as that
most consistent with the great American princi-
ple of self-government, and best calculated to se-
cure the interests of the South and the whole
country. He deprecated the extreme ground
taken by Mr. Clingman and others, both at the
North and South, counseled moderation, forbear-
ance, and justice, and expressed his unwavering
devotion to the perpetuation of the Union.
[His remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix]
Mr. McCLERNAND next took -the ^fioor and
proceeded with an elaborate view of the various
questions concerning the anti-slavery proviso, the
admission of California, and provision for the ter-
ritories. He said that he had early foreseen the
danger that had resulted from the agitation of sla-
very, in connection with governments for the terri-
tories, and had striven, in the first place, to prevent
the agitation, and was now ready to terminate it
in a way that should be satisfactory to all parties
and sections of the country, if possible. He spoke
of the authorship of the modern anti-slavery pro-
viso, and characterized in emphatic terms, that
measure—tracing its influence upon the Mexican
war—the cause of slave amelioration and emanci-
pation; and vindicating the opposition of himself
and others to the application of the proviso to the
conquered territories. He next spoke of what he
denominated the Winthrop proviso, and traced its
operation to defeat all attempts to establish a gov-
ernment for Oregon, until the measure was mar-
shaled through the Senate under the most angry cir-
cumstances, which rocked the Capitol to its found-
ation. He next spoke of the authors and advo-
cates of the policy of non-action; and argued that
it would jeopardize the peace of the country, com-
promise our faith under the treaty with Mexico,
and our duty to the native population of the terri-
tories acquired from Mexico, and to our own citi-
zens who have emigrated to that country. He
next proposed what he thought ousht to be done.
Said he was for the admission of California, and
making provision for the territories by one and
the same act, if possible, and if not by the same
act, by several acts, but in the shortest time possi-
ble. He then explained and defended the princi-
ples and provisions of the bill for the common set-
tlement of all the territorial questions, including
the Texas boundary, which he had offered for the
consideration of the committee, fie here referred
to the assistance and agency of the Chairman [Mr.
Boyd] in regard to the plans proposed for restor-
ing the concord arid quiet of the country. He
asked, in conclusion, what would be the result of
the non-settlement of these questions? He ar-
gued, first, that the result would be destruction of
political parties, and the erection upon their ruins
of geographical parties; next a collision would i
probably ensue between the people of Texas and !
the people of New Mexico; next with the loss of |
our territories—Califormaand Oregon would prob-
ably ultimately unite and form the Republic of the
Pacific. Lower California would be absorbed;
this would probably provoke a war between Mex-
ico and her young and aspiring Republic on the
Pacific, which would result, sooner or later, in the
absorption of Mexico, and thus extended and for-
tified, &c., the new Republic of the Pacific would
become a formidable rival to us. He urged that if
disunion should follow, there would be no north-
ern and southern, no slaveholding and non-slave-
holding Confederacy, but a Republic of the Atlan-
tic; of the Mississippi valley, and of the Pacific,
conforming to the great natural divisions of this
continent. He concluded by an invocation in fa-
vor of the Union, administered in the spirit of the
Constitution, to be perpetuated forever, for the
good it had done and promised to do.
[A report of this speech will appear at an early
day in the Appendix ]
iMr. WOODWARD said, his object was not to
present, on this occasion, the views he had intend-
ed to make, and at some future time would make,
upon the great questions at issue. He wished to
describe the substance of the issue, and rid it of
technicalities. He did not take the ground that it
would be unconstitutional to admit California.
The Constitution did not prescribe the mode of
admitting new States, or the terms and conditions
of territorial probation. All this was left to the
discretion of Congress. He looked to the question
of expediency. The fraud and imposition prac-
ticed on the South in getting up this California
constitution—the rights sought to bfe destroyed by
it—the consequences to the South—the disastrous
consequences. He then proceeded to discuss the
question of expediency, and presented a great va-
riety of views. [The entire speech will be pre-
pared for the press.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (there being no
competition,) took the floor. He spoke in re-
affirmation of the views which he had heretofore
expressed upon the questions before the committee,
and the correctness of which, he said, maturer re-
flection and the lapse of time had served only to
confirm. He opposed the admission of California,
as a single measure, and regarded the adoption
of the Missouri compromise line (unequal to the
South as such a division would be) as greatly
preferable to the compromise bill of Mr. Clay,
which he opposed. In answer to the argument
which had been insisted upon, that the South could
not now obtain that line, he said that if the South
should become united upon it, and if the North was
so bent upon mischief as to be unwilling to yield
even this measure of justice, it was idle, it was
hypocritical, to speak of the preservation of the
Union In that event he should abandon all hope of
its continuance.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
The committee then rose,
And the House took a recess until 7 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, pursuant to its order, again met at
seven o'clock.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion, the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the California question.
The debate was continued by Messrs. KAUF-
MAN, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, WELL-
BORN, HARRIS, of Alabama, and THOMP-
SON, of Pennsylvania, (of whose speeches a re-
port will be given in the Appendix.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor at half past
11 o'clock, p. m.
And the House adjourned to 11 o'clock to-
morrow morning.
PETITIONS, Sec.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule,and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
By Mr, MfLLSON: The petition of Henry and Robert
Blow, of Southampton, Virginia, praying for arrears of pun-
eion due Henry Blow, deceased, (or ins services in llie late
war with fit eat Britain.
By Mr. KING, of New Jersey: The petition from physi-
cians, &c., of Newark, New Jersey, and of physicians, ko.,
ot Patcrson, New Jer«ey, in behalf of the medical officers
01 the UnitPd Stite- Navy.
By Mr. HEBaRD: The petition of Sarah Smith, for a
pension.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Isaac
Se.ymour, an invalid ^oldier of the Seminole wai, piaymg a
pension.
By Mr. DIMMICK: The petition of Lucius Collins and
25 others, citizens of Wayne county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating the renewal of the patent of Austin and
Zehulon Parker.
Al^o, the petition of Henry E^gell and 10') others, citizens
of Wayne county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
renewal of the parent of A. and Z Parker.
By Mr. ROSS: The memorial of' 18 members ofthemed-
ical profession of Buck* county, Pennsylvania, relative to
the grades of medical officers ot the Navy.
By Mr. HAMILTON: The pennon of Samuel Lumin,
for remuneration for services rendered in preventing the
rohbery of the United States Mail.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 10, 1850.
Mr PEARCE submitted an additional document
relating to the memorial of the legal representatives
of Rinaldo Johnson, deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON" presented a memorial of phy-
sicians of St. Louis, asking that the rank of medical
officers of the navy may be assimilated by law to
that of officers of similar grades in the medical de-
partment of the army; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER submitted additional documents
relating to the memorial of Daniel Turner; .which
were referred to the Committee on NavabAiTairs,
Mr. PRATT presented two memorials of phy-
sicians of Baltimore, Maryland, asking that "the5
rank of medical officers of the navy may by law
be assimilated to that of officers of like grades in
the medical department of the army; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. , -
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of citizens
of Illinois, asking a grant of the right of way a,nd
a portion of public land to the Terre Haute and
Alton railroad company; which'was referred tOihe
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of Clarion
county, Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the
tariff and the imposition of specific duties on such
articles of foreign growth or manufacture as may
be produced in the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DICKINSON" presented a memorial, nu-
merously signeAby citizens of Schenectady, in the
State of New York, asking the adoption of the
measures recommended by the Select Committee
of Thirteen; representing that six months of \he
session have passed without the transaction of
much of the public business; that the true interests
of the country and the wants of the territories are
not wholly provided for; and, believing-that the
spirit of compromise which formed our Govern-
ment should ever be cherished as the only safeguard
of the Union, and believing also that a speedy ad-
justment of the slavery question, which has been
agitated long enough, is demanded by the patriotic
and reflecting men of all parties; therefore asking
that ihe measures, as substantially reported by the
Committee of Thirteen, should be speedily passed,
restoring pcacc and concord to our common
country.
Mr. D. sent the memorial to the Secretary, with
the request that it might be read; after which it
was laid on the table
EXPLORATION OF COAL REGIONS.
Mr. "WEBSTER. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present to the Senate a short but very
interesting memorial, signed by a considerable
number of men of business and enterprize in the
city of Boston. It relates to the subject of coal,
and its prayer is, that Congress will adopt the
necessary meansfora further and fuller exploration
of the coal regions and coal beds of the] United
States. The petition is short; if I may have the
indulgence of the Senate to allow it to be read, I
will then make a motion for its reference.
The Secretary then read the memorial of David .
A. Neale, Josiah Gtuincy, and others, asking that
provision may be made by law for continuing
experiments on American coals.
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senate will perceive,
from the reading of that document, that the con-
sumption of coal in the United States has doubled
in five years; that there is an appearance of such
a great variety and great excellence in some vari-
eties of American coal, that an exportation from
the United States of that article may ere Jong be
expected to take place; and that further discov-
eries and the prosecution of the explorations may
add much to our knowledge of the vast means of
the general wealth of the nation. I think there
are eighteen or twenty States in the Union in
which coal has been discovered; and there is no
State perhaps in which it is not desirable that the
exploration and seatch for coal should be made.
I think a modern writer remarks, in speaking
of England, that while some ascribe the gieat
wealth of England to the profits of her West Indies^
and others ascribe it to the great profit of her East
Indies, the truth is, after all, that a greater share
of her existing wealth has been drawn from her
Black Indies—the coal and iron that she has ex-
tracted from beneath the surfacc of the earth, and
employed in all the prominent uses and purposes
of life. I suppose that there are portions of the
United States richer in this article than any part
of England, and that some parts of Maryland and
Pennsylvania, and perhaps of some other States,
are richer in varieties of coal than England herself.
I take occasion to remind the Senate that early
in the session a report was made by the honorable
member from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] from the
Committee on Public Lands, stating that the work
of Professor Johnson, since its publication in 1843,
has been much enlarged and improved by sab-
sequent discoveries, observations, and remarks.
