1112
TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
and that it has been reprinted in England with
great commendation, and found to be highly use-
ful. And the Committee on the Public Lands,
in its report, presented on that occasion, recom-
mended the publication, at the expense of the
Government, of this improved work of Professor
Johnson. I recollect that the subject was dis-
cussed here, and it was mixed up wiih that always
troublesome, and, as far as I see, interminable
question about the public printing; and, on that
account, I believe, it was laid upon the table. I
hope that the honorable member from Arkansas
will revive that topic and ask the attention of the
Senate to his report, an,d take the decision of the
Senate upon it. And T am prepared to further,
and do what I can to induce the Senate to make
provision by law for further explorations to be
made of these American coal-fields; and if we
shall ever arrive at the end of our present debate,
and, especially, as 1 fervently hope, if on arriving
at it, we shall come to a conclusion that will give
a restoration of peace and harmfliiy to the com-
munity, and leave Congress to pursue the ordi-
nary business of the Government with its accus-
tomed temper of harmony and union, it will be
one of the first things I do, sir, in connection with
the smaller class of public measures, to take up
this subject of the authorization on the part of
Congress to Professor Johnson -to pursue his re-
searches. I move the reference of this memorial
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND. A report has already been
made on the subject of Professor Johnson's work.
Mr. WEBSTER. This is a memorial praying
that Professor Johnson may be authorized by
Congress to pursue his researches. 1 suppose the
Committee on the Public Laflds is the proper refer-
ence. I desire also that it may be printed, and
that the Senate will now act upon that question.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred House
bill for the relief of James T. Shackleford, reported
back the same without amendment, and asked its
immediate consideration.
The bill was then considered in Committee of
the Whole, and, no amendment having been
offered, it was ordered to a third reading, and was
read a third time by unanimous consent, and
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the Legislature of Minnesota relative to the pur-
chase of the Sioux lands west of the Mississippi,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same, on the ground that it was a
matter pertaining to the executive branch of the
Government, which was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on
Printing, to which was referred the motion to
print the report of the Secretary of the Interior in
answer to a resolution of the Senate in relation to
the expense of the judicialy of the District of
Columbia, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
IMPORTATION OF GUANO.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, 1 submit the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to in-
form tlie Senate whether, by the exiting treaties of the
United States with the Peruvian Government, the citizens
of the United State* are placed upon an equal footing with
the citizens or subjects of other countries in the trade in
guano.
Resolved, further, That, if no such treaty-stipulations
exi^t, the Secretary of State be instructed to inform the
Seriate whether there is any* obstacle to such tresuy-stipu-
lattons being effected with the Government of Peru as
wouH place the citizens of the United States on an equal
foo ing with the r itizens or feiitijectb of other countries* in
regard to «>aid trode.
During the whole of last week, the morning
hour having been occupied with important busi-
ness, I had not an opportunity of offering the
resolutions which I have now submitted. They
relate to a letter received by the Agricultural So-
ciety of Maryland, m which they allege that the
Government of Great Britain, by a treaty with
the Peruvian Government, has obtained for the
subjects of Great Britain a monopoly in the arti-
cle of guano, which has resulted in this state of
facts: that novV no guano can be brought into the
United States from Peru, except such as is pur-
chased from English merchants. This results, in
two ways, injuriously to our country. In the first
place, we are obliged to pay for this valuable arti-
cle of manure a much larger sum than we would
otherwise be obliged to pay; and, in the second
place, it operates against our shipping interest,
because it must be impor-ted here in English ves-
sels. I ask, therefore, the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the consideration of these
resolutions now. They are mere resolutions of
inquiry.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts object?
Mr- WEBSTER. So far from objecting, sir,
the only question with me is, whether these resolu-
tions should be referred to the Department of State
or to a committee of the Senate? The evil to
which the resolutions allude is one which is much
complained of in some portions of the country,
where the article would be extensively used, if it
could be obtained at a fair cost. The difficulty is,
that, under the present arrangement, it cannot be
so obtained. If it could be obtained at a fair ex-
pense, it would he a most useful article of com-
merce, and would be found to be highly beneficial
to the land in many portions of the country. I
ccyicur entirely in the importance of the object,
and am willing that the resolutions should go as
resolutions of inquiry to the Secretary of State.
Mr. PRATT. I apprehend the proper course
will be to obtain the information which is sought
to'be obtained, and then probably that information
would be referred to a committee.
The question being taken on the resolutions,
they were adefpted.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. TURNEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 200,
being "A bill to amend 'an act to promote the
progress of the useful arts.' 99 My object in ma-
king this motion now is notito enter upon any dis-
cussion of the bill, or to ask for its passage to-day,
but with the view of making it the special order
for half-past eleven o'clock to-morrow, and for
every succeeding day at that time until it is dis-
posed of.
Mr. HALE. Is the new bill printed?
Mr. TURNEY, Yes; it has been printed for
more than a week, and, I believe, has been laid
upon the desks of Senators.
Mr. FOOTE. If I understand the object of the
Senator from Tennessee, 1 shall have no objection
to his motion. I suppose the consideration of this
bill is only to consume a portion of the morning
hour.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This bill has
already created a good deal of debate, and is not
entitled to preference on the calendar. I dislike to
make any special order for that hour, because I
think the hour ought to be reserved for the busi-
ness specially appropriated to it.
Mr. HALE. If it will be in order, Mr. Presi-
dent, I will move for a division of that motion. I
mean to say that I have no objection to making this
bill the special order for to-morrow, but I do ob-
ect to making it the special or^er for every suc-
ceeding day until it i3 disposed of.
Mr. TURNEY. Well, I will accept that as a
modification of the motion.
Mr. HALE. It would be better if the Senator
from Tennessee would simply move to make this
bill the special order for.to-morrow. However,
he can take his own eoutse about it.
Mr. TURNEY. Very well; I withdraw that
part of the motion which asks that the bill be
made the special order of the day for every day
till disposed of, and simply move that it be made
the special order of the day for to-morrow, at half-
past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BANGOR, IN MAINE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate nowtotakeup
Senate bill No. 73. It is "A bill making an appro-
priation for a customhouse at Bangor, in the State
of Maine." I apprehend it will not give rise to
any debite. The object of it is urgent.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of this hilt as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not design to occupy the
attention of the Senate, but I will simply state that
that bill has been unanimously recommended by
the Committee on Commerce, having first been
recommended by the department. It appropriates
only a small sum, ant! the place where it is pro-
posed to erect this custom-house 13 one of the
largest in the State of Maine without a convenience
of that kind. Having been thus recommended, I
have no doubt it will be received favorably by the
Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. "When the bill was in-
trqduced here a few years ago to erect a custom-
house in Boston, I endeavored to obtain a restriction
of the amount which that custom-house was to cost.
Although I labored hard for this purpose, my
efforts were in vain; I failed in accomplishing it.
S>ince that time much discussion has taken place
here at va.rious times in regard to the great expense
to which the country has been put in completing
this custom-house; and I rise to submit to the con-
sideration of the Senate the propriety of amending
this bill by fixing some limit to this appropriation;
and I desire to test the sense of the Senate whether
they will hereafter put some limits upon appropri-
ations for objects of this kind, or whether, as in
times past, they will commence a work of this
description by appropriating some twenty, thirty,
or forty thousand dollars to begin with, as an
entering-wedge, and then allow^ those who com-
mence the work to lay foundations for buildings
on such a scale as will make them cost millions of
dollars before they are completed. Sir, this is a
subject worthy of the consideration of the Senate;
and if the Senate choo3e to make an appropriation
of that sort wfren there is a risk of the amount be-
ing trebled or quadrupled before the superstructure
is finished, it seems to me we had better pause a
little, and let the matter lie upon the table till gen-
tlemen have had time and opportunity to take the
subject into their consideration. If the Senate do
not wish to begin now to make restrictions by
limiting the sum which such a building shall not
transcend, they can refuse to let the bill lie upon the
table, and act. upon it now; but I wish to take the
sense of the Senate on the subject, as a test of what
they will do hereafter. If the Senate determine
upon considering this bill now, I shall regard it a3
a determination to keep up the old system of be-
ginning with small appropriations, and then laying
such foundations as will cost the country millions
to complete the superstructures. On the other
hand, if the question be laid upon thejtable, I shall
look upon it that there is a disposition in the Sen-
ate to restrict these appropriations to a definite
amount, and thus reform a practice which certainly
needs reforming. I now move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. H AMLIN. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will withdraw that motion for a few mo-
ments; at any rate, for an explanation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that this motion, if it
is renewed by the Senator from Kentucky, will
not prevail. The estimate of the cost of a site
and building, in this instance, is$30,000. lean
well see how there may be a variation<of ten or
fifteen thousand dollars, because it is not exactly
known in what location the site will be purchased,
and the cost of the site, in the first place, might
vary the sum required for the whole. I have,
however, no hesitation in saying that the maxi-
mum sum that will be required for thts site and
building will be $50,000,although it is quite prob-
able that $30,000 may cover the whole. Then,
sir, it is very well known that the seasons when
work of this kind can be prosecuted in that part
of the Union, are very short; and as there is no
building of this kind for the accommodation of
the Government at that place, and as one is very
much needed, 1 hope that the Senator will not
press his objection, for it certainly is desirable that
some early action should be had upon this bill, in
order that, if the appropriation be determined
upon, the work may progress.- I can assure the
gentleman from Kentucky that the amount ex-
1 pended will be strictly confined to the commer-
cial requirements of the place.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 must inform my
friend over the way, that I have heard assurances
of this kind, in similar cases, given again and
again in times gone by, and that they have inva-
riably failed. But let me ask how are we situated!
You have no plan of the building; you have no
estimate of the cost; you have no data on which
to go. We are just leaping in the dark, precisely
