78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
Vie thought of some consequence, upon which he
did riot expect to get a vote now.
Mr. BOYD (interposing) said, if it was in order,
he would accept the gentleman's suggestion as a
modifiea'ion of hn resolution.
Mr. DIJER. I have nothing more to say, then.
Mr. WfiXTWORTH desired the gentleman
from Kentucky also to modify the resolution so
a<? to provide that the Committee on Rules should
consist of nine members.
Mr. BOYD accepted this suggestion also.
The resolution, as modified, was then read :
Resolved, That the rules of the House of Representatives,
a<s tney existed at the close ot the last session of Congress,
be adopted until the 15th day of January next, and that a
standing committee of nine members be appointed, to be
s'yled the C nninittee on Rules, who e duty shall he to lake
into consideration and report upon all subjects and matters
referred to them, or having relation to the rules of proceed-
ing in thi« fioiwe.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Is the previous question
pending now J
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
moved by the gemleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SCHENCK said he wished to make a sug-
gestion in reference to the resolution.
Mr. OAR ITER addiessed the Chair.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman's
colleague [vlr Schenck] was upon the floor and
desired to make a suggestion m relation to the res-
olution. If no £• ntleman objected, the gentleman
fio vi Ohio would proceed.
No gentleman <> jected.
Mr. SHHENCK was about to proceed when—
Mr. BOYD objected.
After a word of conversation between Messrs.
STANLY, BOYD, and the SPEAKER, as to
whether the unanimous consent had been extended
to Mr. Schenck to proceed in his remarks—the
point being; yielded—
Mr SCHENCK proceeded. He was not (he
said) Particularly unxioua to speak upon this mat-
ter. But a little time since, when considerable lati-
tude of debate had been allowed all gentlemen
around htm, the rule had been applied to him in
all Us strictness. Having the floor now by this
general consent of the House, and that consent, as
he understood, not having been revoked, hedesired
simply to repeat what he had before said, as to the
general effect of the adoption of the rules now,
r-lying upon a report from the committee hereafter,
but more particularly to c:\ll the attention of the
House to the fact, that if certain modifications were
to be m\de, in order to give them efficiency, they
must be made now. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Vlr Thompson] was not right in saying
t\at, ihe maj >nty ot this House could control its
action. Time and again occasions had arisen, and
would arise, when the majouty were conquered
by it^ own rules and unable to act. Suppose tins
committee, when raised, reported, and their repoit
went upon the calendar, and that the calendar were
already encumbered with propositions which mem-
beis, many of thom, wished to dodge, the House
could never get through them; and away at the
further end of the calendar this report might be, :
where it could nev^r be reached.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, reminded
the gentleman th if a. reference to the rules would
show him that under them a proposition to change
the rules required at any time butoneday's notice
Mr. SCHEN JK replied: Any particular or
specific change, provided it was in Older and could
be got in.
But th it was apart from the question of acting
up ui the report of the committee. He did not
believe that one single calendar could be found of
one single session for the last six years at least
upon which there had not been at the time of ad-
journment some leport upon rules pending and
unacted upon, because it could never be reached,
for the very simple reason that the majority of the
House could not control the business out of order.
The truth was, he had often been induced to think
that if they would merely adopt the parliamentary
law, and in addition provide for the intercourse of
the two Houses, and the appointment of the com-
mittees, they would have better rules—rules which
would not hamper the House and prevent its busi-
ness. But, he repeated, if they now adopted the
rules of the last Congress, he very much doubted
whether they would get any material amendments
this session. All past experience sustained him
in this belief.
Gentlemen had said they could not now go into
the consideration of the subject of rules; but his
colleague [Mr. Vinton] had very properly le-
marked that they had now more time for this pur-
pose than they would have at any future period.
He did not be'ieve that the House would now
make any general revision of its rules; but there
were certain obvious modifications which must at
once commend themselves to the favorable con-
sideration of the House, and which must be acted
upon now, or they never would be acted upon.
He had the other day given notice of an amend-
ment to the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky, which proposed to abolish the Com-
mittees on Commerce and on Roads and Canals,
and in their place to raise two new committees, to
be composed of nine members each, to take their
place among the standing committees of the House,
viz, : a Committee on Foreign Commerce and a
Committee on Commerce among the States, that
these subjects of external and internal commerce
might be intrusted to two committees, giving to
each as much business as any one committee
would do. He was very well aware that a propo-
sition of this kind would be opposed by every man
who was opposed to internal improvements; but he
believed it would commend itself to the favorable
consideration of the raajouty of the House, because
he believed a majority were in favor of some
judicious system of internal improvements. If
there was any merit in this proposition, now was
the time to adopt it before the committees were
appointed by the Speaker, or it never could be
adopted or carried into effect without great diffi-
culty and contusion. If the House intended, then,
to modify the rules in this particular, they must
now do it, or never.
He was also opposed to the previous question,
because he wanted a further opportunity ot record-
ing his vote against the hour rule. That rule had
been adopted for purposes of wise economy, but
the whole effect of it had been to ptolong the ses-
sions, to make more speaking, and thatofa worse
quality, than they had ever had before. He de-
sired the opportunity of again recording his vote
against it with a respectable minority, at least.
He had always voted against it, and the experience
of every session had but confirmed him in his op-
position to it.
Mr. SCtFENCK having concluded—
Mr. BUIll' addresand the Chair, and inquired
if the previous question had been moved?
The SPEAKER. It has been moved, and is
now pending.
Mr. HURT. I have nothing then to say.
The question was then put to the House on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Harris of Tennessee, and Johnson of Kentucky,
were appointed.
And the vote having been taken, stood, ayes 79,
noes 71.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Tne main question (on the adoption of the res-
olution) was then taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative without a division.
So the resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. VENA8LE rose and sent to the Chair a
resolution, which he desired might be read.
The SPE AKER said, unanimous consent would
be required.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to communicate to this House, as early as he con-
veniently i-iirij whether, since the last session of Congress,
any petfOn has been by him appointed ei<hcra civil or mili-
tary vioveuiorof Cahlurniaor New Mexico. H any military
or civil Governor ha  been appointed, their names and their
compensation. If military and civil Governor has been
united in one person, win iher any additional compensation
ha* been given or ?aul duties, .ma the amount ol the same.
AUo, that lie be requested to communicate to thi- Hoti*e
i whether any agent or agents, or oilier person*, have been
appointed by the President, or any of the departim ntsof tins
Government, and sent to California or Ntvv Mevito, or
recognized in &aid Teintones by this- Government authorized
■o organize the people of Caliiorma or New Mexico into a
Government, or to aid or advise them in such organization:
i or wnelher such agf-nt, civil or military G >vernor, was in-
I structed or diiected to aid, preside over, or be present at the
i a sembly of a body of" peisons called a Convention, in Cah-
\ forma, to control, aid, advise, direct, or participate in any
1 manner in the dehbeiauons ot that body ol persons. ii any,
the names ot such a«ent or agenu, and their compensation.
! Also, that the Pre-ident be requested to inform the House
i wheihei the Executive or either of the d-partim nt=> have
sent any agent or agents, on the part of this Government, to
I California or New Mexico, to aid or advise the people of
those Territories as to the formation of a government for
themselves; and if such agent or agents have been sent;
who they are, and their compensation.
Also, that the President be respectfully requested to com-
municate to this House all the instructions given to such
Governor, civil or military, m California or New Mexico, or
to any officers of the army of the United States, or any other
per>ons who may have been sent by tins Government to
California or New Mexico, and the proclamations and com-
munications by them made to the people of said Territories,
as well as the entire correspondence of such agents or Gov-
ernor with this Government. And ah-o, whether any person
or persons have been authorized by this Government, or any
of its departments, to appoint and direct elections in said
Territories, and determine the qualifications of voters at the
same; and whether any laws have been enacted by any
supposed Government in California; and if so, what laws.
And that the President be requested to communicate to this
Hoiu-e all correspondence held by this Government with any
persons in California or New Mexico, relative to the forma-
tion of a government fot said Territories by the inhabitants
thereof; and whether any census of the citizens of said
Territories has been made; and the same, if made, be com-
municated to this House.
Mr. W1NTHROP said he believed, in the first
place, that there was no authority under which
such a resolution could be introduced, except by
the unanimous consent of the House.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had so stated.
Mr. WINTHROP continued. In the next
place, even if the resolution should be received, it
must, by the rules of the House, being a call for
information, lie over one day. He had no par-
ticular desire to except to the reception of the
resolution, if other gentlemen did riot; but he
should insist upon the enforcement of the rule re-
quiring that the resolution should he over.
There was a message from the President of the
United States now before the House. It seemed
to him that it would be but a matter of respect to
the Executive, first to consider subjects which had
already been communicated to them, before calling
for other information. He therefore renewed the
motion to refer the message to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
it be printed for the use of the House; and that
15,000 copies of the message arid of the accompa-
nying documents be also printed.
And upon that motion, and with a desire to
avoid the difficulty into which gentleman had fallen
in relation to printing these documents in various
languages—the French, Dutch, Spanish, and he
knew not what else—he moved the previous
question.
Mr. SWEETSER asked Mr. Winthrop to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. VENABLE (addressing the Speaker) said
he presumed his resolution would lie over one day.
The SPEAKER said he had understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrof]
as objecting to the consideration of the resolution.
The Chair desired to know whether the resolu-
tion was to be considered as having been received ?
Objections were made to the reception of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was
objected to, and therefore was not received.
The question then recurred on the demand of
Mr. Winthrop for the previous question.
There was a second.
The main question was ordered; and, having
been taken, was decided in the affirmative without
a division.
So the annual message of the President of the
United States was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and was ordered
to be printed; and 15.000 extra copies of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents were also or-
dered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ASHMUN gave notice of " a bill to reduce
the rates of postage, and abolish the franking priv-
ilege.1'
Mi. COBB, of Alabama, gave notice of a " bill
to grant to all American soldiers who have not
been provided for by the United States bounty
lands or pensions, bounty lands."
Also,%i a bill to graduate and reduce the price
of the public lands to actual cultivators and set-
tlers. "
Mr. WENTWORTHgavenotice that he should
introduce " a bill providing for the improvement
of certain harbors and rivers."
Also,44 a bill granting to the State of Illinois the
right of way, and a donation of public lands for
making a railroad connecting the Upper and Lower
Mississippi with the chain of lakes at Chicago "
Mr. WOOD asked the unanimous consent of the
