82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
United States. These were the gentleman's votes,
and his colleague [Mr. Gidmngs] knew it; yet he
bad chosen to vote for the gentleman from Indiana
upon the pledge pf that gentleman, vamped up for
the occasion, contradicting the tenor of his whole
previous course. He (Mr. S.) had not much faith
in these death-bed repentances. He had not much
faith in these sudden conversions, and least of all
had he faith in them when they seemed to have
been made under tWe strong, impulsive influence
of a reward just ahead, that was to be given in
case pledges were made on the other side.
He repeated that he was tired of hearing certain
gentlemen assume to themselves to lecture the
Whig party. There might be some propriety in
it, if they had not entirely separated from the
party; but,having done so, he must protest against
the right of gentlemen, in a Pharisaical spirit,.to
preach purity and good conduct to all the rest of
the world, assuming to be champions of all that
was right, snd putting everybody else in the
wrong. This requiring of pledges showed that
there were men at each end of the Union who
would not vote for candidates who refused to give
pledges of a sectional character—who would not
vote for a northern man because he was a northern
man, and who would not vote for a southern man
because he was a southern man. What did this
mean ? If he took the position that he would not
vote for a man because he was a southern man, and
another gentleman would not vote for a man be-
cause he was a northern man, what did it amount
to? It was disunion. They might cover it as
they pleased—it was disunion. It might perhaps
be defined as but the first step towards disunion;
but it was a step from which the consequence fol-
lowed inevitably as fate. One section—the Norih
or the South—must have the majority. Disfran-
chise all upon the other side, and the Union could
not hold together a day—it ought not to hold to-
gether a day. The Whig party, and some of the
Democrats, differed from his colleague in this re-
spect. They believed that this Union resulted
from a compromise between the slave and the free
States. They entertained peculiar local, sectional
views, which education, habit, association, had
forced upon them in reference to the question of
slavery. He was in favor of the ordinance of
1787. He had always voted with the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] in favor of
it; yet he did not feel that upon this account he
must stand here and claim to disfranchise every
man living in the slave States because he differed
with him on that local, sectional question. He
had voied the other day, a part of the time, for
northern men, and a part of the time for a southern
man. He had been willing to vote for any man
whom he believed to be a conservative and a true
Whig. But, failing to elect such a man, and find-
ing that, at both extremes of the Union, there were
men who would stand out impracticably " to the
bitter end," unless the whole mass of the House
consented to their peculiar views, he was one of
those who had very reluctantly consented to the
plurality system as the only mode of organizing
the House. He hoped he did his colleague no
injustice when he said he knew the obstinacy of
his character, and that no impression could be
made upon him.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (in his seat.) You are right.
Mr. SCHENCK (continuing) said, the gentle-
man then admitted that unless the House of Rep-
resentatives came to him, the House could not be
organized; but that he would prefer, in the language
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
"that disorder should reign forever," rather than
that the House should be organized on any other
ground than that which he chose. He (Mr. S.)
did not feel thus. Believing it to beetuiiely con-
stitutional, although, in other circumstances, of
doubtful expediency, he had voted for the plurality
rule. He had not known, however, as his col-
league had intimated, that the election of the pres- j
ent Speaker would be the result. He had known
that the organization of the House would be effected '
by it. He had not known but that, when the issue ]
came between the present Speaker and the Northern j
Whig, who had not given pledges, but who was
known to be right and sound upon all these ques-
tions—who, upon the record, had entertained the 1
views generally entertained in regard to these sec- i
tional and local questions by the members of the
two great leading parties of the country at the
North,—he had not known but that, when the issue
was presented between these two gentlemen, some
of his colleague's associates at least might be in-
duced to take the gentleman from Massachusetts
as a choice of evils, if he might be allowed the ex-
pression. But he had found that he was mistaken.
These gentlemen had held out to the end, deter-
mined that the House should remain in a state of
disorganization unless the great mass of the House
came to their impracticable views.
He thought there was no occasion for the ful-
minations they had heard here about disunion.
He had been sorry to hear ge.ntlemen take the
position, that they preferred at once to put an end
to this Union, rather than what they considered-
the present state of things should be enforced
on the country. But he found a precedent for
speeches of this sort. Fanaticism at both ex-
tremities of the Union seemed to be much the
same. He read from a speech of Wendell Phillips,
of Boston, delivered before the National Anti-
slavery Society, the following extracts:
"We confess that we intend to trample underfoot the
Constitution of this country; we call upon you to do like-
wise. Shall I tel! you why ? You can never make a reve-
lation in this matter until you make the common sense and
the consciences of the people superior to their statute book ;
until you arraign against the despotism of the majority the
conscientious convictions of the mass of the minority,
whatever it be."
" Daniel Webster =ays, you are a law-abiding people—that
the elory of New England is, that a is a iaw-atmlifig com-
munity. Shame on it, if Una betiue; it evpn the religion
of New England sinks as low as its statute book. But I sav
we are not. a taw-ahiding community. God be thanked for it
" That is the error ot American politics. We have forced
the Democratic party out of the field, the original ally of the
slave power. We havo sent the Whigs into an alliance with
southern slaveholders. It is a natural alliance. It is the
Lords of the La.>h and the Lords of the Loom associated.
It is the capital of the country and the conservatism of the
countiy against the ideas of the country."
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired, if the gentleman
called Mr Phillips a Free-Soiler ?
Mr. SCHENCK replied that he had supposed
he was—he was, perhaps, what was called in
Massachusetts a " conscienceWhig"—a man who
required the majority to come to the minority, and
who declared if they did not, let disunion come,
and disorder reign forever. Here we saw extremes
meet. The Whig party, as charged by Mr. Phil-
lips, were indeed the " conservatism" of the coun-
try. Coming from the North and from the South,
representing every sectional interest, they acted
together for the general good, for the mamtenar.ee
of the rights and interests of the whole. These
lights arid these interests he (Mr. S ) was ready
to maintain, here and elsewhere, wherever his hand
or his voice could do it against these impracticable
gentlemen, whether of the North or the South.
Mr. HOLMES said, if this debate had not been
very instructive to the House, it had been a po-
tent manifestation to the country. What was the
exhibition which had been made on this floor in
this debate? A glorious emulation among the
northern men to show each for himself the utmost
hostility to the institutions of the South; each gen-
tleman endeavoring to defend his own vote upon
the Speakership on the ground that he had gone as
far as any other man to extend over the Territories
that were shortly to-come into this union the Wil-
mot proviso; and that he had gone as far as any
other for the destruction, within this District, under
the peculiar jurisdiction of Congress, of that insti-
tution which gave vitality to the South.
Mr. SCHENCK (interposing) explained that
he had stated that he was determined to separate
himself from the influences of merely sectional and
local feelings and views; and in proof of that, he
had voted one while with his party for a northern
man, and one while with his party for a southern
man—not believing, as did his colleague, that this
subject was far above everything else, even the
union of the country. He (Mr. S.) was, by edu-
cation, by association, by habits of thought, and
from reason and conviction, opposed to slavery,
and in favor of the extension of the provision of
the ordinance of 1787, nicknamed now the Wilmot
proviso, over our Territories; but he did not feel
authorized, on that account, to proscribe all who
resided in another section of the Union, where
they entertained different opinions.
Mr. HOLMES (resuming) said that one thing
was now clearly manifest to the South, namely,
that the representatives of the entire North on this
floor had made up their minds to restrict the South
in the occupancy of the new Territories which had
been acquired by their common energies. There
was also a manifestation, though it was spoken of
in reference to the slave trade, that they were hos-
tile to the existence of slavery in this District, and
that they intended, whenever the power was in
their hands, to exercise it, to destroy that institu-
tion which was now under the protection of this
Government. He was delighted at this exhibition,
because there were many of the South who had
believed that there were few of what were called
Wilmot-proviso men—that they were confined to
the gentleman from Ohio and his pecaltar clique.
He (Mr. H.) had warned them that there was not
a man in the North who was not hostile to the ex-
tension of their institutions, who would no^com-
press, circumscribe, and hoop them around, to the
ultimate destruction of slavery. He had warned
them long ago. But, unfortunately, his powers
had no proportion to his zeal. He had seen that
there was an advance made by zealots upon the
conservatism of the North, and that the whole
body of the North were setting themselves in array
against the South, and would destroy them, unless
the South in time was warned and roused to mam-
tain us proper position. He had heard the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] the other day
speaking about disunion. He (Mr. H.) had no
apprehensions of disunion. Why ? Because, as
Mr. Phillips had said, in the speech of which ex-
tracts had just been read, the lords of the loom, if
gentlemen chose to call ihem so, were the natural
allies of the lords of the " lash"—that the interests •
of the North were allied with stave labor, ami
would sink to annihilation without its aid. • But
he had no apprehensions now, because, in the
language of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] the people of ihe South, after a long
sleep, had risen up and shaken their invincible
locks. They were aware of the danger of grad-
ually circumscribing them with the folds of the
serpent, to crush with the influence and with the
mighty strength of the boa, their energies ami
their life. He begged gentlemen not to mistake.
He knew thet the Union was safe, beeause the
South was aroused; and if the gentleman from
Ohio was not an enemy to the Union, as he
charged upon his (Mr. H.'s) colleague that Aewas,
let him tell the gentleman that the sooner he dis-
played his patriotism by the retraction of his.
avowal in favor of the Wilmot proviso the quicker
would be manifest his devotion to conservative
principles. For sooner than the South would
submit to have their institutions circumscribed,
their feelings outraged and their children degraded,
they would separate this Union as wide as the poles.
Let not gentlemen be mistaken. The sentiments
expressed on this floor the other day had gone on
the wings of the wind, and with the force of light-
ning to the different sections of the South; and in
what paper had there not been a response? The
voice of the people, like the voice of many waters,
had come up, declaring to their representatives on
this floor that they must now assume the attitude
of bold defiance to the circumscription of their
rights in the Territories, to the abolition of slavery
in this District, declaring with united voice that
the Union, dear as it was, rich in its associations,
embellished with all that could make it desirable,
was nothing compared with the interests which
were to them life—without which all that they
owned, and which they would transmit to pos-
terity as a heritage, would have passed away.
Mr. KAUFMAN saul, he looked upon this de-
bate as entirely out of order. The question was
on the resolution providing for the appointment of
committees. He demanded the previous question
but withdrew it on the pledge of '
Mr. GIDDINGS to renew it.
Mr. G. then proceeded with his remarks. No
gentleman, he said, could regret more than him-
self that this debate should have been forced upon
him.
Mr. JONES interposed, and asked Mr. G. to
yield the floor, to allow him (Mr. J.) to move an
adjournment.
Mr. GIDDINGS declined, remarking that he
would not detain the House long.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had no intention of
reading lectures to otheis, as bis colleague [Mr.
Schenck) had intimated. He had come here in-
tending to do his duly in a quiet and humble man-
ner so far as he was able; and when he had seen
himself assailed through the Taylor press of the
North, he felt it a duty to state in short some of the
reasons which had constiained him to withhold
