1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
his vote from the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. While previously on the floor he had
assigned some of those reasons. But the honora-
ble member from Massachusetts had seen fit, in
his explanation, to refer to a vindication which he
(Mr. G.) had published two years since. The
honorable gentleman had referred to a fact which
he had then stated, and in the heat of the moment
had pronounced it false. He had intended to treat
that gentleman, as he did all others, with respect;
but he now felt bound to refer to the statement al-
luded to by thaPmember.
It was known to the whole country that in the
presidential campaign, of 1844, the entire Whig
party had denounced the Mexican war, and no
one had done so more zealously than himself. He
was for withdrawing the troops from Mexico when
the Whigs came into power here in 1847. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
iiad, as he understood, in common with all other
Whigs, denounced the war; and when the ques-
tion was presented here in May, 1846, he changed
his position and voted for it.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired if the gentleman
intended to say that he voted for the war?
Mr. G. said he did intend to be so understood.
He intended to say that the gentleman did vote for
the bill declaring war. This change of the gentle-
man's position constituted one of his objections to
feim as a candidate for Speaker.
Mr. WINTHROP. I deny that I ever changed
my position.
Mr. G1DDINGS resumed. But when he had
given his vote, he was at once assailed through all
the Taylor papers of that day as a deserter from
the Whig ranks. So general were these attacks that
he felt constrained to publish a vindication of his
vote. In writing out that vindication, he alluded to
this change of position by the gentleman, and had
stated that he advocated in a caucus the propriety
of the Whig party voting for that bill. I hat he
had also urged his colleagues personally to do so.
And, finally, that he had placed his vote in favor
of the bill on record.
Mr. WINTHROP. I deny that 1 ever came
out. ...
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, his organ did.
Mr. WINTHROP. I have no organ.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Now the gentleman says
that that statement is false! Does he intend to
deny that he voted for the bill ? That was the
very gist of the charge. It constituted the very
essence of his objection. It bore conclusive evi-
dence of his change of opinion. There stands the
record of that vote. No time can alter, no effort
can erase it. It will descend in all coming time,
and will forever remain indubitable proof of the
accuracy of the charge. The gentleman, nor his
friends, ever have, or ever will deny it. But how
does he now attempt to escape from it? Why, by
saying nothing about it; by evading this import-
ant part constituting the charge, and turns off to a
collateral, to an immaterial matter, seeking to form
an issue on an incidental remark. Now the gen-
tleman is too good a lawyer to suppose that he
can escape the charge brought against him by such
an irregularity of special pleading. The evasion
is too palpable to deceive even a casual reader
The objection to him waa that he had changed
his mind. This change he has never denied, nor
can he deny it. But he insists, that although he
voted in favor of the war, which he and the whole
Whig party had denounced, yet he did not urge
his party in caucus to do it.
No w even as to these collateral matters, which he
savs he proved by two colleagues, all they said
or could say was, that they had no recollection of
it- while an honorable gentleman from New York,
E D Culver, had stated every fact to which he
had alluded as within his distinct recollection.
Other gentlemen had testified to parts of the con-
versations. He would here leave the gentleman
from Massachusetts, as he had not time to follow
him farther.
Mr HARRIS, of Tennessee, rose to a question
of order. He submitted that the whole of this
discussion was entirely foreign to the question be-
fore the House. If the debate on these irrelevant
topics was suffered to go on, it would be inteimm-
SbThe SPEAKER said, that the gentleman was
clearlv out of order under the decision already
madef The House had before given the gentle-
man liberty to proceed.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the gentleman have
leave to proceed.
Mr. HARRIS. Can a majority give leave to
proceed ?
The SPEAKER. That has always been the
practice.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Ashmun, and was decided in the affirmative.
So leave was given.
Mr. GIDDINGS then proceeded.
He said he had but a word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts behind him, on the
left, [Mr. Rockwell.] That gentleman was in
error when he said that the committees were ap-
poiuted on the 10th of December. They were ap-
pointed on the 7th of that month. *
Mr. ROCKWELL. That is true. On Thurs-
day, the 7th December, the House adjourned over
to Monday. That resolution was introduced on
Wednesday; but three legislative days had inter-
vened.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There can be no doubt about
the fact. When Congress assembled the country
wa3 anxious on this subject; all were looking to
that committee, expecting a prompt report on this
important subject. Such was the delay, that my
colleague [Mr. Root] brought forward his resolu-
tion, peremptorily ordering them to report. This
was all.he had said. He left it to the country to
say whether the delay was unreasonable. His
colleague seemed to think it was, and had there-
fore offered his resolution. Whether the House
so thought or r.ot, they passed the resolution, from
which it would be fairly implied that they thought
the delay was at least unnecessary.
He said he had a word or two in reply to his
colleague, [Mr. Schenck.] That gentleman in 1847
was aware that he would never vote for the Whig
candidate. He then knew his reasons; and he
would add another fact, his colleague did not then
denounce him.
Mr. SCHENCK (interposing) inquired if his
colleague referred to a private conversation be-
tween them and other colleagues?
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK (continuing) referred to what
Mr. Giddincs had stated, and remarked that there
was just so much in it as made it liable to miscon-
struction; and he (Mr. S.) should take care that
that misconstruction was prevented. His colleague
knew that at that time the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Winthrop] was not his (Mr. S.'s)
first choice for Speaker. His colleague knew that
he (Mr. S.) intended to vote for any one who was
the nominee of the Whig party.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, it was stated by whalers
that when a death-blow was given to those levia-
thans of the deep, they became dangerous in their
dying agonies. These expiring convulsions were
called the flurries. He thought some gentlemen
were in their flurries; but all he could do was, like
the whaler, to cry " Siarn all," and to keep as far
out of their way as he could. [A laugh ]
His colleague had said that his only objection
to the Whig nominee was, the arrangement of the
committees, to which he had referred wnen last
up. He had then stated some of the objections.
He had not intended to go into these personal ob-
jections further than was absolutely necessary.
They were matters to which he had felt great re-
pugnance; but he now told his colleague that his
objections were founded on the whole political
course of that gentleman. He referred particularly
to his Paneuil Hall toast on the 4th July, 1845,
in favor of Texas, before Texas was annexed
He referred to his motion to lay the resolution of
Mr. Palfret on the table, at a Whig convention
in that State, in the Autumn of 1845. That reso-
lution was designed to pledge that party in oppo-
sition to any man as a candidate for President who
was not pledged, by his acts or avowed opinions,
against theextension of slavery. These all entered
into his estimate of that gentleman's character.
He had also regarded the avowals of those gentle-
men of influence who lead that party. He referred
to the remark of that gentleman's colleague, at
the Whig caucus held on the Saturday evening
previous to the commencement of the present ses-
sion, that the Whig party in Massachusetts did
not make the support of the proviso a party test.
Mr ASHMUN inquired, which colleague?
Mr. GIDDINGS replied, the one who now ad-
d Mr ASHMUN said he had not made that remark.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. He did not pre-
tend to* quote the language; be had intended to
express the substance. The words had been pub-,
lished; he referred to them.
But his colleague had referred to the Whig parly,
and was willing to vote for any Whig. He was
unwilling to be driven into any remarks relative
to that party. But the House would bear him -
witness that this discussion was not his seeking.
He was driven into it m self-defence. But he was
constrained to say that the action of that, party '
for the last year had been anything but consistent.
On the21st December, 1847,he had presented to
this House a petition from the people of ihis Dis-
trict praying the abolition of the slave trade now
carried on in this city, and moved its reference to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, with
instructions to report a bill agreeably to the prayer
of said petition. A motion was made to lay his
proposition on the table. Against this motion,
every Whig north of Mason and Dixon's line
voted. The vote was such as he expected—such
as did them credit. But mark the change. Just
one year subsequently, the. gentleman from New
Yoik, on his right, offered his resolution to instruct
the same committee to report a bill abolishing the
slave trade. It carried, and a motion was made to
reconsider the vote by which it was adopted. That
motion came up on the 27th of Jhe same month,
and the gentleman over the way, from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentworth,] moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. On this they rallied their
forces, as they regarded it the most favorable for a
strong vote in favor of freedom. If carried, it would
leave the resolution in force, and the bill to abolish
that traffic would have come before them. But he
would that every man m the nation could hear him.
On that vote twenty-six northern Whigs record-
ed their names against the motion, thereby lending
their influence in favor of that disgraceful com-
merce in our own species. Sir, (said he,)General
Taylor had been elected, and these northern Whigs,
being a majority of that party who then voted
against the motion, in the space of one year and
six days faced to the right about—countermarched
—changed their position on this subject.
Mr. G. said he wished just to state a fact in the
most profound confidence. His colleague, who
had justaddressed the House with so much ability,
was one of those who had thus suddenly turned a
political somerset.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and said that his
colleague spoke of Mr. Gott's resolution. He
(Mr. S.) was not here when that resolution was -
passed, having been called away by affliction in
his family. If he had been here, he should have
attempted to have the resolution passed with-
out the preamble, which he considered unnecessa-
rily offensive to the people of the South. When
the question on the reconsideration of the resolu-
tion came up, he had returned to this city. He
voted against the motion to lay on the table; and
he meant to vote to reconsider, as one of his col-
leagues whom he had consulted knew, because he
deemed it proper, if the resolution passed, (and he
was in favor of the resolution,) that it should not
be done in the offensive language of the preamble.
If his colleague would read that preamble, he
would see what its terms were. In the then sore
and morbid state of feeling on this subject, it was
calculated to repel southern men who were other-
wise, as he knew, inclined to make no opposition
to the abolishing of the slave trade in the District ,,
of Columbia.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. He said his col-
league referred to the preamble ot the resolution
as offensive to the South. Does he allege there
was anything in that preamble that was not strictly
true? And was he afraid that truth would be of-
fensive ? Again he asked his colleague if southern
gentlemen made any objections, to the preamble ?
He believed the South had at all times been able
to take care of themselves. Indeed he had gener-
ally found them able and willing to take care of
the North also. But his colleague had volunteered
to take them under his protection, to extend over
these slaveholders a parental care. Why, (said
he ) does he not see that he was going entirely
beyond the slaveholders? that he out-Herod's
Herod? He was sensible that gentlemen could at
all times find some excuse for keeping up this
slave trade; such excuses had been found for the
last forty years.
Mr. VINTON interposed and said, that when
