1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the yeas and nays on the amendment, and they
were refused.
The question on the amendment was then taken,
and decided in the negative without a division.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, gave notice
that he would ask leave on to-morrow, or on
some subsequent day, to introduce a bill of the
following title: " A bill to repeal an act entitled
' An act to establish the Home Department, and
to provide for the Treasury Department an As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury and a Commis-
sioner of Customs.' "
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to
offer a resolution.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will proceed to the election of
Clerk, and other officers, on Thursday, the third of January,
1850.
Mr. HOLMES insisted on his motion.
And the question thereon was taken, and having
been decided in the affirmative—
The House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 27, 1849.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the credentials of
the Hon. W . R. King, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Alabama for the term
of six years from the 4th day of March last;
which were read, and the oath prescribed by law
was administered to Mr. K , and he took his seat
in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. Bliss, his
Private Secretary:
Washington, Dec. 27,1849.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
In consequence of the unexpected delay in proceeding to
business, I deem it necessary to invite the immediate atten-
tion of Congress to so much of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury as relates to the appropriations required for
the expenses of collecting the revenue jdfc tl.e half of the
current fiscal year. /.. TAYLOR.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS,
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE REPORTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, made
agreeably to law, accompanied by a statement of
the transfers of appropriations for the naval service
during the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1849;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
made agreeably to law, accompanied by a state-
ment of appropriations for the naval service for
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1849;
• which was read.
Also, a report of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, made agreeably to law, accompanied
by copies of such accounts as have been rendered
by persons charged or intrusted with the disburse-
ment or application of moneys, goods, or effects,
for the benefit of the Indians, from the 1st of Octo-
ber, 1847, to the 30th September, 1848, together
with a statement exhibiting the names of all per-
sons to whom money, goods, or effects, have been
delivered within the same time; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
COMMERCE AMD NAVIGATION.
receive it so late in the session as to be of little
service. He would now move that the usual
number of the document be printed for the use of
the Senate; and when he ascertained what num-
ber of extra copies was usually ordered, he would
move the printing of a like number also.
The "VICE PRESIDENT remarked, that unless
by unanimous consent of the Senate, the motion
to print must be referred to the Committee on
Printing. , , ,
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Chair look at the rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may be
mistaken in his construction of the rule. It is as
follows:
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, ,
accompanied by a report of the Register of the ;
Treasury, and statements of the commerce ana i
navigation of the United States for the last fiscal |
year, prepared as required by the act of 10th Feb- |
ruary,*1820; which was read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, expressed his I
gratification that this report had been sent in at so 1
early a day, as it had been usual for Congress to I
" A Committee on Printing, to consist of three members,
to whom shall be referred every question on the printing of
documents, reports, or other mauer transmitted hy either
of the executive departments; and all memorials, petitions,
accompanying documents, together with all other matter,
the printing of which shall be moved, excepting bills ori-
ginating in Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator,
communications from the Legislatures of the respective
States, and nrotions to print by order of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate ; and it shall be the duty of gueh Com-
mittee on Printing to report, in every case, in one day, or
sooner, if practicable."
Mr. WEESTER. Mr. President, the motion
to print which has been made appears to come
within the provision of that rule. It is quite evi-
dent, sir, that some modification of that rule ought
to be made, or else we shall find ourlelves very
much etnbariassed in dealing with communica-
tions coming from the executive departments. I
hope for the present that there may be a unani-
mous consent on the part of the Senate for the
printing of so many of these important public doc-
uments as is usual, without reference to the com-
mittee. And I would suggest the hope, sir, that
some member of this body, having the necessary
qualifications for that purpose, would undertake
to prepare and submit some modification of the
rule wlfich the Chair has just read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no objec-
tion, the question on printing will now be taken.
No objection being made, the motion was put,
and agreed to. ■
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. It appears by
a note sent to me by the Secretary, that the usual
number of extra copies of this document is 5,500,
of which 500 are for the use of the Treasury De-
partment. I would submit a motion, therefore,
conforming with that usage—that the number of
5,500 be printed for distribution, and that 500 of
the number be considered to be for the use of the
Treasury Department. As has been suggested by
my colleague, this is a document of very great
importance, and I am very glad to see it here at so
early a day in the session; and I rise now for the
purpose not only of making this motion, but also
again to express the hope that the printing of this
document may not be delayed. I believe that
usually Congress has closed its labors, and we
have left this place and gone to our homes, before
this document has reached us. It has, therefore,
generally come to us through the mails. It is a
document which the whole commercial commu-
nity, and all persons who are curious in statistics,
are anxious to see. I would therefore express the
hope and expectation that, at a much earlier day
than has heretofore been thought suitable and
proper, this document may be printed and de-
livered to the Senate by the public printers, and
that this suggestion will be enough to accomplish
the object in view. .
Mr. HALE. Before the question is taken, 1
wish to make a few remarks upon the subject of
printing, though I do not know that they are prop-
er to this occasion. I wish to be informed, sir,
whether there is no way in which the printing ot
Congress can be done in such a manner that we
need not be absolutely ashamed to show It to our
constituents. I made up my mind, after the last
session, that I would never vote for publishing
another document, unless some mode could be de-
vised by which we could prevent its being so ab-
solutely ridiculous. I remember, very particu-
larly, the printing of the last report of the Com-
missioner of Patents was the most disgraceful
exhibition of printing that I ever saw m my lite.
After I had distributed them around among some
of my friends, they asked me if they used wooden
types in Washington. The paper was, if possi-
ble, worse than the printing. But take it alto-
gether, it was, as I said before, the most discredit-
able and disgraceful exhibition of printing that 1
ever saw in my'life.
There is not an oyster-shop in this city that
.would not be ashamed to put out its advertisements
in such a guise as the public documents of the last
session appeared in; and unless I have some assu-
rance that we shall exhibit ourselves to the country,
in a little more creditable light, I shall withhold
my vote for printing-any more documents what"
ever.
Mr. BORLAND. As chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing, I would remark that I agree pef-
fectly with the opinion expressed by the Senator
from New Hamshire; and I take this occason to
say to the Senate, that so far as I am concerned,
and I think, so far as the other members of the
committee are concerned, we are resolved to cause
the public printers to come up to the standard by
which the contracts are made, and that in no case
will any printing be received that does not conform
strictly with the terms of the contract, and with
the samples given. But, sir, I will say further,
that I think the main cause of the bad printing
complained of, is what has been, as I regard it, the
bad economy of the Senate. Instead of paying a
fair compensation, and having the printing under-
taken by competent persons, a sort of small econ-
omy has been adopted, and the printers have taken
theircontracts upon such terms that they positively
cannot perform it in a proper and creditable man-
ner without losing money. That lies at the foun-
dation of the difficulty; but as the plan has been
adopted, and they have come forward and taken
contracts under this regulation, there is nothing
for the Committee on Printing to do but to hold
them up to the contract, and receive no printing
that does not conform strictly to the terms of the
contract.
I The question being then taken on the motion to
print extra copies of the document in question, it
was decided in the affirmative.
CHEROKEE INDIANS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Second Comptroller and Second
Auditor of the Treasury, made in pursuance of a
ioint resolution, approved August.7, 1848, show-
ing the amount payable by the United States to
the Cherokee Indians, according to the principles
established by the treaty of August, 1846, between
the United States and the said Indians.
Mr. BORLAND moved that it be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to inquire under
what resolution of the Senate that order comes.
Will the Secretary have the goodness to turn to
the resolution, and see to what it refers?
The Secretary stated that the report was made
in compliance with ajoint resolution of Congress.
Mr. WEBSTER. What I wish to "suggest is,
whether, in a general call upon the Treasury De-
partment, a report is sent here by a suborfinate.
If we call for a report from the Treasury Depart-
ment, the report is to come, I think, from the head
of the department. I move to lay it on the table.
The question being taken on the motion to lay
on the table, it was agreed to.
THE COA&T SURVEY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
accompanied by a report from the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey. -
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That it be printed, and that 5,500 copies, in ad-
dition to tfie usual number, tie printed ; 500 of which for the
u&e of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Lu-
ther Bradish and others, citizens of New York,
asking the adoption of measures for procuring, in
connection with the census of 1850, certaini sta-
i tistical information, important to commercial,
! political, and scientific purposes; which was laid
1 on the table u til a committee on the subject
1 ^Mr^ S6also presented the petition of the heirs of
John Holden, deceased, a revolutionary officer,
asking compensation for his military services;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
ti0MrySGIlso presented the petition of the heirs of
Tacob Lathing, deceased, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was laid-
1 ° Mr. S. also presented the petition of Fiancis
