1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H7#
Al?o, the petition of James A. Fnness and 67 o?hfr citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of Daniel Bush and 55 other citizens of
Schuylkill eountv, Pemnj tvaiu?i, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BOWLIN : The petition of G. Erskme and 141
other citizens of St. Louis*, Missouri, prayine the estabh>h-
in«'nt of an additional trial term of the circuit court of the
United States, in the State of Missouri, and a correspond-
ing increase of rotnpensation to the diMtict judge.
By Mr. PHOENIX: A memorial to amend an act entitled
•«Au act concerning the registry and recording of ships or
other vessel-," parsed December 31, 1792.
I3yMr. BUTLER, ot Pennsylvania: The remonstrance
of <J. Collins and others, citizens ol Pennsylvania, t gainst
the renewal of the patent granted to Austin and Zebulon
Parker, for alleged improvements upon reaction water-
wheels.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of citizens of the eity of
Rochester und vicinfty, New York, for the reduction of post-
age to two cents, pr*$ d, upon letters not over half an ounce,
and five cents upon letters not over one ounce, tor all dis-
tances.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the ftankinij privilege,
and providing for the free transmission of newspapers
through the mails within thirty miles of the place of publi-
cation.
By Mr. DfMMCCK: The petition of William Burke and
8 others, volunteers in the Florida war, who were en board
the ship Charles Wharton at the time of her s-hipwreck,
praying for bounty land and compensation for los-ses.
Also, the petition ot Charlps P. Smith and seven others,
who were on hoard of the same ship at the time of her ship-
wreck, prayine fnr homity 'and and compensation for losses.
By Mr. SWEETSER: The petition ol Charles H. Frisbee
and 37 other citizen's ol Columbus, Ohio, asking the passage
of a law compelling all vessels navigating the waters of the
United States, which carry passengers, to provide and carry
life-boats and other lile-saving apparatus.
A ho, the petition of J. A. Taylor and 46 others, of same
place, upon the same subject.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 24 citizens of Dear-
born county, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal all laws
hv which slavery or the slave trade is authorized in the
District of Columbia.
A)«o, the petition of 34 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Congress to refuse the admission of any more slave
States.
AI?o, the petition of 39 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Congress to provide a trial by jury for persons claimed
as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 3J citizens of the same county,pray-
ing Concress to secure, by law, freedom m all the territories
of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 11, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 3d instant, calling- for instruc-
tions given and orders issued in relation to tjie as-
semblage of persons on Round Island during the
summer of 1849, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of the Navy and accompanying docu-
ments, containing all the information not hereto-
fore communicated to the Senate; which was read
and ordered to be printed. f
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of War in
further compliance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate calling for copies of reports on the geology and
topography of California. The motion to print
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial of citizens of
Brownsville and its vicinity, intheStateof Texas,
in the valley of the Rio Grande, setting forth that
the trade of the valley has increased so as to be-
come second in importance to no other port on the
Gulf of Mexico, and bidding fair at no distant date
to equal that of any port on the Atlantic south of
New York, and asking the Extension of mail facil-
ities between that place and New Orleans; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK. I also present the petition of cer-
tain clerks, temporarily employed -in the office of
the Second Auditor for some two or three years
past at the daily compensation of $3. They ask
Congress to increase it to $4 per day. The peti-
tion is accompanied by a letter from the Second
Auditor of the Treasury, than whom perhaps
there is not a mote faithful officer, stating the ser-
vices which these individuals have performed. I
hope the petition wilt be favorably considered by
the Finance Committee, to which I move its refer-
ence. The petition was so referred.
Mr. HALE presented four petitions from citi-
zens of WhiteCord, in the county of Coos, New
Hampshire, asking for the repeal of all laws en-
acted by Congress by whSch slavery or the slave
trade is authorized or sanctioned in the city of
Washington, and that in^the event of their non-
repeal the seat of the National Government may
be removed to some more suitable location; which
were read and ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition ofWm. Goodell and twenty-one
other citizens of Ontario county, New York, ask-
ing the prohibition of the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petkion of A. G. Foss and one hundred
and sixteen other citizens of Hillsborough county,
New Hampshire, asking that the resolutions in-
troduced by Mr. Clay may not pass, and that the
slave trade may be abolished in the Distiict of Co-
lumbia, and the law of 1793 in relation to the rec-
lamation of fugitive slaves may be repealed;
which was oulered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of J. B/McAllister and thirty-
eight other citizens of Chester county, Pennsylva-
nia, asking that the slave trade be expressly pro-
hibited by an act of Congtess in all the Territories
of the United States, and that no State be admitted
into the Union whose constitution does not ex-
pressly prohibit slavery within its limits, and that
slavery may be abolished m the District of Colum-
bia and wherever else Congress has the constitu-
tional power to abolish it; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a petition from Charles Adams and thirty-
six other inhabitants of the city and county of
Philadelphia, for a law prohibiting internal slave
trade; which was ordered to lie on the table.
.Also, a petition from J. Franklin and eighteen
other citizens of Gloucester county, in the State of
New Jersey, praying that tf slavery be a blessing,
that all the people of the United States may be al-
lowed to participate in its benefits; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from Samuel H. Peckham and
four others, gf Lunenberg, Massachusetts, ex-
pressing their apprehensions that the contest now
going on to decide whether our newly-acquired
territory shall remain free, or be cursed with the
plague-spot of slavery, will eventually dissolve the
Union,however it may be decided, and requesting
Congress to restore immediately to Mexico all the
territory obtained from her, either by conquest or
treaty, as being the most honorable compromise
of the question; which was ordered to He on the
table.
Also, a petition from Abisrail Fuller, late widow
of Timothy Newman, an officer in the naval ser-
vice during the Revolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, Thar the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any order* have been
issued to any military officer or officers at Sama Fd to hold
po.-eesMon against the authority of Texas, or in any way to
embarrass or prevent the exnoise of her pinsjhetion over
that country, and that he hp requp-tpd ro furnish the Senate
with anv correspondence which mny have taken place be
tween the War Department and the military stationed at
Santa Fe, since the date of his last communication to the
Senate on that subject.
RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
repeal a part of the Gth section of an act approved
September 15, 1789, entitled An act to provide
for the safe-keeping of the records and seal of the
United States and for other purposes," was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CUSTOM-HOUSE IN MAINE
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the bill making
an appropriation for a custom-house at Bangor, in
the State of Maine, was read a third time and passed.
PRESENTS FROM THE SULTAN OF TURKEY.
Th6 joint resolution for the relief of Samuel B.
Colt and J. F. Morse, was read a third time and
passed.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
to increase the rank and file of the army, and to
encourage enlistments.
The first question was on concurring in the
amendment of the House to the second section.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that amendment will not
be concurred in. It would be an expense for no
possible benefit whatever. All those who have
any acquaintance wtth military service kn#w well
that mounted infantry, those who have been for
years in the service and know nothing on earth
about horses,and who are atan agetoo'when they*
can learn nothing with regard to them, are perfectly'
useless; more useless on horseback,a vast deal,than*
on foot. In the first place, they do not know how to
take care of horses; and in the second, when on
horseback, they do not know how to ride at all;
and yet they mast necessarily be used against the
Indians, who are the best horsemen in the world.
In such service they would be utterly and totally
useless. I hope, therefore, that the amendment'
will not be agreed to by the Senate. It is my pur-
pose to brin? in a bill authorizing the President
to increase the force of the army by cavalry for
that purpose, who can be drilled properly and be
of some service. But the amendment of the
House of Representatives does not answer the
purpose at all. It will be a mere expense for no
earthly use; for I am sure that the infantry would
he utterly useless and unable to contend against
the Indians, if mounted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not entirely
approve of tbe amendment of the House. Indeed,
I had expected to oppose it. It is not, however,
quite so bad as the Senator from Texas represents.
Ft is a discretionary power conferred on the
President to mount such portions of infantry
serving on the frontier as he may think proper.
In the bill which passed the Senate, and which"
comes back from the House with this amendment,
provision is. made to secure the enlistment of
western men; and I may be permitted to say to
the Senate that the Secretary of War connected
that provision with this amendment, expecting
that men would be enlisted in the West who would
be suitable for mounted service; and I do not
doubt such enlistments may be made, if they have
a guarantee that they are to serve on horseback.
The Senator from Texas will probably admit that
this is an expectation which is well founded. The
Secretary of War proposes, then, to select such men
from the d liferent companies at various stations on
the frontiers, and convert them into mounted men.
The companies of infantry will thus have on their
muster-rolls men serving on horseback. They are to
be equipped and used as mounted men, to act as es-
corts and to pursue the predatory bands of Indians.
Such, I think it due to the Secretary of War to
state, was the plan he proposed; and it is, in my
opinion, capable of execution, if we may consent
thus to disturb the organization of the army. It
would require additional remuneration to the men
thus to serve on horseback. They would require
the pay of cavalry, because their expenses would
be increased by such service; and unless they
serve permanently, I as;ree with the Senator from
Texas that they would be utterly useless. You
could notdetaila man unacquainted with his horse,
and untrained to riding, and expect him to perform
the duty of a soldier of cavalry. He could only
use the horse for transportation, to carry him
where he had to act, and the chances would be
that the man and horse would part company foe-
fore they got to th<3 place of destination. But if,
indeed, the man and horse should together get
there and back again—he having no cavalry in-
stiuction—no permanent interest or attachment to
the horse—would, by his ignorance and careless-
ness, neglect and abuse the animal. I think,
therefore, onjhe whole, that the proviston is not
entirely an economical one. 1 would myself pre-
fer, both for efficiency and economy, to see such
mounted force as is required regularly oigantzed.
Yet, though the expense would be greater, man
for man, as long as it is kept up, according to the
proposed plan, it is much easier to get rid of it
when no longer required as a mounted force. The
infantry could be ordered again on foot, without
a lasv for disbandment, and the horses (^j.u!d be
sold. I think with the increase of the anPy pro-
posed, by increasing the rank and file of the fron-
tier companies, and with the enlistments which
can be effected with the guarantee that they aie to
serve on horseback, that the amendment could be
made quite useful, though not so good as a regular-
ly organized force of cavalry. I have always been
in favor of having in our army, upon the peace
establishment, a nucleus for every branch of the
service. We have in recent years added light
artillery and dragoons. We have, however, no
light cavalry and no lancers. I think a regiment
of light cavalry, and one or two squadrons Of that
