1849
THE CONGRESSION A L GLOBE.
m
this may be considered distinctly and primarily aa
a proposition for admission as a State* and in this
viewy I move to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary. If the Senator from Illinois was pres-
ent on Monday, he will recollect that there was a
be taken up on this Jay* With that understand-
ing a number of Senators have absented them-
selves, and among others the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, As this question at the
last session was deemed important, and is so
deemed by many gentlemen here, I would suggest
•#to the Senator from Illinois the propriety of per-
mitting this motion to lie over until the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee shall be present, in
order that he may take whatever course he may
<Jeem necessary and proper.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator, f take great pleasure in con-
senting that it He over.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of Mary A.
Watson, widow of Samuel E. Watson, late an
officer in the marine corps, asking an increase of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
in presenting the latter paper, Mr. C. said that
the husband of the petitioner, having fought gal-
lantly in the course of the war with Mexico, had
contracted a disease of which he had died in Vera
Cruz. His widow represented that application
had been made for a pension, and that a pension
was granted, but below the rate of the rank of her
deceased husband. She wished Congress to in-
crease the pension so as to make it correspond
with the rank which he bore in the service of his
country.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of the citizens of
Michigan, asking that the franking privilege may
be abolished, and the rates of postage reduced;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented a petition from receivers
and registers of the land office at Detroit, Michi-
gan, asking an entire change in the law providing
compensation to the registers and receivers for
their services in locating military bounty land
warrants; which was referred to the Committeeon
Public Lands.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Wm. H. Walker, for the heirs of Daniel Walker,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition very numerously signed by citizens of
Massachusetts, asking an appropriation for the
removal of the dangerous rocks which obstruct
the navigation of Hurlgate channel, in the harbor
of New York.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of George F. Warfield, asking compensation
for losses sustained by depredations of public and
private armed vessels of France from the year
1793 to 1800; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of David
M. Smith, of the county of Niagara, New York,
asking a pension: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Edward
J. Thomas, asking compensation for a horse
abandoned by order of an officer of the United
States in the Florida war; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
* Mr, Y. also presented the petition of Joseph T.
Walker, attorney, in favor of sundry citizens of
Florida, asking compensation for horses lost in the
service of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. Y. also presented a petition of Kennedy &
Darling, of Tampa, Florida, asking indemnity for
injuries committed by the Seminole Indians in
Florida; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate, as early as practicable,
whether any person has been by him appointed civil or mil-
itary Governor of California, since the 4th day of March
last; and if so, who has so been appointed, and what com-
pensation has been allowed him. Also, that he be requested
toinform the Senate whether any agent has been appointed
by the Executive, or any of the departments of the Govern-
ment, and sent to Caiitorma, with instructions or authority
to organize a Stale government for that Territory, or to aid
and advise the people within its limits in such organization.
And further, that he be requested to inform the Senate bow
the delegates, recently assembled in California call tog them-
selves a convention, were elected, by whom the qualifica-
tions of the voters were fixed and determined, what those
qualifications were, and by what law the time, places, and
manner of holding said election were regulated. And further,
that he be requested to inform the Senate whether any cen-
sus of the inhabitants of said Territory has been taken; and if
so, by what law and under what authority. And further, that
he be requested to communicate to the Senate all orders,
(written or verbaf,) instructions, or correspondence with
any person as civil or military Governor of California, or as
agent on the part of the United States Government in Cali-
fornia. And further, that he be requested to inform the
Senate whether any steps have been taken by the Execu-
tive, or any department of the Government, to assemble a
convention in New Mexico for the purpose of adopting a
constitution, and making application tor admission into the
Union j and it so, that he be requested to communicate to
the Senate all orders, instructions, and papers, m relation
thereto- And further, that he be requested to inform the
Senate upon whatground he bases the opinion, expressed in
his annual message of December 4, 1849, that the people of
New Mexico will " at no very distant period present them-
selves for admission into the Union."
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all the official corre-
spondence since the 4th March la*t, between the Govern-
ment of the UniLed States and the military authority stationed
at Santa F£. Also, all the correspondence between the
State of Texas and those ot the United States Government
relating to the boundary or occupation of the Territory of
Texas by the troops of the United States. Also, the reasons
why the judtcial authority of the State of Texas has not
been recognized by the military authorities at Santa F6.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for eunti umg the improvements ol the navigation
ol the Mississippi at the Des Moines and Rock River Rapids,
m feaid river.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. FOOTE. I gave notice, a few days since,
that I would ask leave to-day to introduce a bill
for the establishment of a territorial government
in California, Deseret, and New Mexico, and for
other purposes. This bill was drawn up in a
spirit of compiomise, and with a due regard to
the constitutional rights of the vatious sections of
the Confederacy, and I should now press the ap-
plication for leave to introduce it, but for certain
indications of public sentiment in several quarters
of the Union, which I shall not now particularize,
and certain proceedings of Congress which have
occurred since we first assembled at the present
session. As it is, after some consultation with
various worthy gentlemen, I have come to the
conclusion to postpone the introduction of the bill
mentioned for the present; and, in lieu thereof, to
introduce the resolution which I hold in my hand;
:he object of which is, at some early period, to
bring about a calm, free, and perfectly fraternal
interchange of views and sentiments upon the
grave and momentous subject embraced in it.
Believing that such an interchange is of the high-
est importance, and is likely to result in the most
beneficial consequences to the whole country, and
sincerely hoping, also, that such a debate upon
this resolution may occur as will tend to stengthen
our free institutions, and secure the permanent
repose and happiness of the Republc, I proceed to
offer it for the consideration of the Senate, I do
not desire immediate action upon it, but will call
it up at some suitable moment.
The resolution was then sent to the desk and
read, as follows:
Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress, at this session,
to establish suitable territorial governments for California,
for Deseret, and for New Mexico.
The resolution lies over, under the rule.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to fur-
nish the Senate, as soon as practicable, with copies of the
following surveys:
1st. A copy of the report, plan, and estimate for improving
the entrance from Lake Michigan to Mu-^kegan lake.
2d. A copy of the report, plan, and estimate tor improving
the entrance from Lake Michigan to Black river.
3d. A copy of the report, plan, and estimate tor improving
the entrance from Lake Michigan to Grand river.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which, after a remark by him, was considered by
unanimons consent, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of granting a pension to Patsey
Bllmore for the services of hei husband, Thomas Elimore,
during the revolutionary war, in the Virginia line; and that
the Secretary of the Interior be directed to lay before the
said committee the evidence! in support of her application
lor a pension, now in the Pension Office.
PRINTING THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. PHELPS remarked that it was usual to
print an extra number of copies of the President's
annual message and the accompanying documents.
Upon reference to the record, he found that the
number had varied from ten thousand to fifteen
thousand. He would move, therefore, that ten
thousand extra copies of the message and docu-
ments be printed for the use of the Senate. "
The motion, being objected to, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. P. then moved that twenty thousand extra
copies of the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the finances be printed for the use of the
Senate; which motion, being objected to, was also
referred to the Committee on Printing.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be 10 meet oa
Monday next.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Mrs. Everett*
widow ot ttie late Alexander Everett, now on the files of
the Senate, be withdrawn, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Rt lations.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered, That the memorial and other papers in the case
of John S. Russworm, now on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, asked and obtained leave to introduce
" A bill to authorize a change of venue in certain
cases;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. YUL'EE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce " A bill to be entitled
' An act to provide for the adjustment and pay-
ment of expenses incurred and obligations con-
tracted by the State of Florida, in providing for the
safety of the people of that State during the recent
insurrection oftheSeminolelndians;'" which Was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained ltave to introduce " A bill granting
160 acres of the public lands to the actual settlers
who shall reside thereon and cultivate a portion
thereof for a period of four years;"^ which was
read twice by its title, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. also, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce " A bill granting to
each of the States in which the public lands are
situated a quantity of land, equal to one township,
in each land district, to aid in making a geological
survey of such States, respectively;" which was
read twice by its title, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. also, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce " A bill for the benefit
of the Territory of Minnesota;'' which was read a
first and second time by its title, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
EXPENSE OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise for the purpose of asking
leave of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution.
Not having been advised of the exigency which
calls for the resolution until yesterday, it was not
in my power to give a previous notice of the appli-
cation which I now make to the Senate. My
apology, however, for making application without
notice is this: The resolution relates to a Subject
which demands, imperiously, the immediate action
of Congress, being that which is referred to in the
communication received this morning from the
President of the United States. By a law passed
in March last, the expenditure for the collection of
the revenue, from customs, was limited to the sum
of one million five hundred and sixty thousand
dollars. This limitation upon that expenditure is
to take effect on the 1st of January of the coming
year. It has been found that the limitation is
much too small; that the expenditure, in connec-
tion with the collection of the revenue, has hither-
to exceeded that limitation, and must, in all human
probability, exceed it hereafter. If, however, the
law takes effect the 1st of January, it will become
necessary to make a very great reduction of the
