1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOFE.
June 12,
a claim being brought here by any such officer as
for extra services. I apprehended, if we passed
this claim, we should lay the foundaiion for the
preSentation of many similar ones heretofore acted
on. But I was mistakenrin the supposition that
this claim came legitimately within the duties of the
officers who prefer it. It did not come within that
branch of the accounts at the Treasury Depart-
ment which it was their duty to attend to. I make
this explanation that they and their friends may
have the full benefit of it. But while T do this, I
cannot say that my mind has undergone any
change as to the amount which I think these gen-
tlemen ought to have. If the principle which I
stated at the first was correct, it is clear that they
ought to have nothing in addition to their regular
salaries, i know, sir, there is some difficulty in
resisting claims; nevertheless, all claims should be
scrutinized, and, unless well founded, I shall be
found in opposition to them.
While the present claimants were performing
the services for which they now ask compensa-
tion, they were in the receipt of regular salaries,
amounting to $8 25 per day. The committee es-
timated that they were employed about four
months, and recommended that they should be
allowed $100 per month for these extra services.
The present motion seeks to give them nearly
double that amount, which, even if (as contended
for) they were employed six months, would
amount Jp four dollars; and if four months, six
dollars per day in addition.
If I felt disposed to be liberal at all, it would be
in the case of these very gentlemen. I know one
of them well, and I know him to be an excellent
officer. The other is recommended to me from a
source in which 1 have full confidence, as merit-
ing the most favoiable regard. But it is not with
me a matter of personal favor; and if it were, and
I felt disposed to manifest my friendship, I should
not feel at liberty to do it at the expense of the
public. When a proper occasion presents itself
to exhibit generosity, 1 desire to do it from my
own pocket, for such only would be worthy of
the name. Believing the sum recommended by
the committee to be sufficient, I feel constrained to
vote against the motion to reconsider.
Mr.'MASON". Mr. President, I cannot under-
stand what the Senator from Indiana proposes by
asking, in this Senatorial body, whether an indi-
vidual, in his vote for the payment of public
money, may not be governed by considerations
of personal favor. Personal favor to whom? I
brought in this resolution; it was at my instance
the Senate directed this work to be done; it was
the estimate which I placed upon the services
rendered which the committee reported to the
Senate. They were services as truly disconnected
from their appropriate labors as if they had been
brought from the State of Indiana. So far as 1 am
concerned, with relation to a feeling of liberality
toward these gentlemen, or any other considera-
tion, one of them I never knew at all, or heard of
in any manner, except that he was one of the
Auditors of this Government, and J made his ac-
quaintance incidentally, which has not been con-
tinued, because there has been no opportunity for
it since 1 came into the Senate.
Mr. WTIIfCOMB. If the Senator will allow
me, i will say that most assuredly I had no idea
of reflecting upon the motives of any Senator. I
knew nothing of the personal relations of the
Senator from Virginia. I was thinking of my own
vote with regard to this question, and of the regard
I entertained for these gentlemen, but said that if
I were disposed to gratify my personal feelings, I
could not do it except at my own expense. 1 in-
tended no peisonal allusion, and entirely exoner-
ate my friend from any wrong motive.
Mr. MASON. I do not take it to myself, I
assure the Senator; but the effect of his remaik
seems to be that there is something in this case
more than a just regard to the rights of the parties.
As to the other gentleman who discharged this
work, I made his acquaintance casually within the
last eight months, and know but little of him,
from having met him m the circles of Washing-
ton. 1 mention this to show that I had no feeling
of personal regard to influence me. 1 go further.
I say that i fixed the amount of $750 after an
examination of the work done. And those whom
1 consulted told me it was too low. I replied that I
thought it better to give a moderate sum, to which
all might see they were justly entitled, than to put
the amount so high as to run the ns|t: of delaying
or losing the passage of the resolution.
I have a single word in reply to the remark of
the Senator from Kentucky. He says he under-
stood that all the papers examined were in the
possession of one gentleman of a very eccentric
character, who represented one of the parties
whose claims were examined. Mr. President, the
papers necessary to be .examined with reference to
these claims were an immense mass, and were
stored away in a .state of confusion in one of the
upper rooms of the War Department, where they
had been for a long period of years, having been
put away without any expectation that they would
ever be examined, and m the condition that such
papers will be undersuch circumstances. Of course,
a great deal of time was required to arrange them,
i am sorry to have detained the Senate so long.
Mr. CLAY. I am sorry to interfere with the
passage of this resolution, as 1 believe this is the
second time I have felt called on to move its post-
ponement for the puipose of taking up the order
of the day.
Mr. MASON. I the Senator will allow the
vote to be taken now, it will require but a moment.
Mr. CLAY. X will allow it, if the speeches will
allow it.
The question was then taken on reconsidering
the vote by which the amendment was adopted,
and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment,
which was to strike out $750, and insert $413 33^.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on ordering the
original lesoiution to a third reading, which was
agreed to, and it was read a third time and passed,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary pay out of the contingent
fund ot the Senate to William Collins, late First Auditor,
and to Peter G. Wellington, lute Sixth Auditor, ille sum 01
seven hundred nnil fifty dollars each, for services rendered
in examining and slating the accounts of Jennings, Roddy,
and Caiter, under a resolution of the Senate ot the 11th
August, ltJ48j reported by them to the Senate the 12th Feb-
raary, 1849; and that lie aUo pay to William D. Baguali the
sum ot one hundred dollars.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the ad mission of California as a State into the
Union, to establish Territorial Governments for
Utah arid New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate for nearly two
hours, of whose speech a report will appear Jn the
Appendix.
Mr. DAYTON also addressed the Senate for
upwards of an hour und a half, and, without con-
cluding, gave way for a motion to adjourn. A
report of his remarks will appear m the Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 12, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GREliN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to present a memorial from the con-
tractors for the public printing, with a view to its
reference to the Committee oil Public Printing.
Mr. ASHMUN (scarcely heard) was under-
stood to sjggest its reference to a select commit-
166.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
So the memorial was not presented.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BR1GGS asked that the House, by unani-
mous consent, should proceed *^o the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table. There were,
he said, a number of bills which it was desirable
sho.uld be taken up and referred.
Mr. JONES. 1 have no objection to proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, but I protest against taking up the bills to
refer them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair under^nds the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Briggs] to be, that the House should proceed to
dispose of bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BRIGGS." That is my object.
The SPEAKER. Is there, any objection ?
Mr. PRESTON KING rose arid objected.
So the motion of Mr. Briggs was not enter-
tained.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for
REPORTS.
Mr. EWLNG, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which the memorial of the Legislature
of Texas upon the subject was referred, reported
a bill to authorize the payment to the State of
Texas of the amount advanced for the payment
of a company of volunteers called into service du-
ring the years 1848 and 1849; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PRESTON KING moveS that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 85, noes 65.
-So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyed in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the special message of the President rela-
ting to the admission of California, and of the bill
heretofore reported by Mr. Doty.
Th* pending question was on the amendment
offered yesterday by Mr. Bayly, to strike from
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Green] the words, " together with
the compromise Iherem effected."
Mr. BAYLY was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHMUN desired to ask a question of the
Chair.
Mr. BAYLY yielded for the purpose.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether, if he should
now withdraw his amendment, the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] would
fail with it ?
The CHAIRMAN answered that it would.
Mr. BAYLY. But I do not yield the floor for
the purpose.
Mr. B. then proceeded with his remarks.
Mr. B. said: Mr. Chairman,! had desired to
be heard in full upon the various propositions now
before the committee, but I have been so occupied
with other matters connected with the business of
the House that I had not time for it, until late in
the debate, when, from the competition for the
floor by those who had been struggling for it for a
good while, I was unable to obtain it. 1 regret
this less, as I have on former occasions expressed
my views at length upon the questions which agi-
tate us, in most of the bearings in which they are
now presented. Indeed, I may say 1 have been a
pioneer in the discussion of them; and if 1 had
been more fortunate in getting the floor, i confess
1 could have added but little to what I have here-
tofore said. 1 wish now, before we have come to
any vote, to state, as explicitly as possible in the
five minutes which our rules allow me, the princi-
ples that mil guide me throughout.
1 shall act, sir, in the spirit in which the patriots
and statesmen of the country acted from 1784 to
1846—for a period of sixty-two years. In the
former year, Mr. Jefferson introduced into the
Continental Congress his ordinance for the govern-
ment of the Western Territory. It proposed
to include within it " all territory ceded or to be
ceded" to the United States, as well south as
north of the Ohio. It was simple in its pro-
visions. It proposed to authorize the people,
" on their own petition or on the order of Con-
'gress, to meet together fur the purpose of estab-
' lishiug temporary governments; to adopt the con-
'stitution and laws of arfy one of the original
1 Slates, so that such laws, nevertheless, should be
' subject to alteration by their ordinary legisla-
ture." Anil it further provided, that when any
such territory should have twenty thousand inhab-
itants, the people should meet together to form a
permanent government for themselves; and that
whenever the free inhabitants thereof should
amount to as many as the inhabitants of the least
numerousof the thirteen original States, they should
be admitted by then- delegates into the Congress of
the United States. It is true it provided for the
prohibition of slavery after the year 1800, which
was a prospective prohibition sixteen years in ad-
vance. But this provision was stricken out, Vir-
ginia, even against Mr. Jefferson, with the other
southern States voting to strike out. After this
Mr. Jefferson's ordinance did not contain a solitary
provision of a legislative character. Even the
