90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deci 3i,
quantity, and moved that the matter be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER said that there was no Com-
mittee on Priming.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that
there should be. And on his motion the Spb&ker
was authorized to appoint a Committee on Print-
ing. Then—
- The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
King, and it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was
Ordered, That the u«ual extra number of copies of the
Annual Report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the Fi-
nances of the Government be printed.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Notices were given that leave would be asked
to-morrow, or the earliest day thereafter, to intro-
duce bills, as follows:
By Mr. LA SERE: A bill for the relief of the
assignees under the Baron de Ferret.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A bill further to extend the j
time for locating Virginia military land warrants, t
and returning surveys thereon to the General Land |
Office. }
By Mr. SPAULDING: A bill to authorize the j
improvement of the navigation of the St. Clair j
Fiatts, in the State of Michigan. j
By Mr. HfLLIARD: A bill to provide for the j
appointment of a marshal and a district attorney j
for the middle judicial district of the United States,
in the State of Alabama. j
By Mr. VINTON: A bill to define and perma- I
nently establish the number of the members of the !
House of Representatives, and to provide for their
apportionment among the States.
By Mr. INGE: A bill for the relief of James
Shackelford. *
By Mr. CROWELL: A bill to abolish the slave
trade in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. HARMANSON: A bill to graduate the
price of the public lands, to cede a portion of the
same, and to grant a donation to actual settlers.
By Mr. MASON: A bill to grant to the soldiers
and officers of the war of 1812, and the officers and
soldiers of the war with Mexico, who have not
received bounty land, a quantity of land equal to
that granted to the soldiers of the war with Mexico.
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: A bill ceding to
the State of Mississippi all the public lands within
her boundaries subject to annual overflow.
Also, a bill to reorganize the Granada land dis-
trict, in the State of Mississippi.
Also, a bill for the relief of Jacob P. Montgom-
ery and others, soldiers in the late Mexican war.
By Mr. LEFFLER; A bill to set apart a portion
of the public lands in Iowa, to aid said State in
the construction of a railroad from Dubuque to
Keokuk.
Also, a bill to set apart a portion of the public
lands in Iowa, to aid said State in the construction
of a railroad from Davenport, via Iowa City and
Fort Des Moines, to the Council Bluffs, on the
Missouri river.
Also, a bill to provide additional compensation
for registers and receivers of the land offices of the
United States, for the location of bounty land
warrants.
Mr. THOMAS introduced a bill to extend the
privilege of franking letters and packages to Sarah
Polk, the widow of the late President. The bill
was read three several times, passed, and sent to
the Senate. Subsequently, it was returned from
the Senate, passed.
Mr. SCHENCft.on leave, introduced " A bi I
for the benefit of John Oztas;" which was read
twice, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States in their order for resolutions.
On motion of Mr. LI T I'L EFI ELD,
Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be furnished to the
members of this H >U3e, during the present session, such
papers as they may respectively direct, the expanse thereof
wot to exceed the rate of thirty dollars per annum to each
member from the comtaencera-mt of the session.
On motion of Mr. VAN" DYKE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po^t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire inio the expediency of estab-
lishing a po^t-route from White House ro New Gerumn-
town; and al.-o one from Plainfield 10 Baskenridge, both
in the State of New Jersey.
Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, submitted the
following resolution, which, giving.rise to debate,
lies over under the rule:
Whereasj by an act of Congress, entitled " An aoi for the
government of the Navy of the United States," passed 3d
March, 1779—sec. 1, art. 3—seamen and marines are al-
lowed to be flogged for certain offences, if the captain
shall think proper, which by the 4th artiele of the same act
is limited to twelve lashes on the bare back with cat-o'-nine-
tails:
And whereas, public sentiment, humanity, and every
principle of republicanism and justice demand that such a
barbarous law shouid be stricken from our national statute
book: Therefore,
Be i£ Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a
bill repealing that part of said act ot Congress authorizing
ihe flogging of American seamen, and providing, if neces-
sary, some other mode ot puni&hment better adapted to civil-
ization and the age in which we live.
Mr. VENABLE submitted the following reso-
lution, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, as early a* he con-
veniently can, whether, since the last session of Congress,
any person has been by him appointed either a civil or mili-
tary Governor of Califnrni t or New Mexico. If any military
or civil Governor has been appointed, their names and their
compensation, (f a military and civil Governor has been
united in one person, whetlirr any additional compensation
has been given tor said dntie«, and the amount of the same.
Also, that he be requested to commumcate to this House
whether any agent or agents, or other persons, have been
appointed by the President, or any of the .Departments of this
Government, and sent to California or New Mexico, or rec-
ognized m said Territories by this Government authorized
to ingamze the people of California or New Mexico into a
Government, or,to aid or advise them in such organization ;
or whether such agent, civil or military Governor, was in-
structed or directed to aid, preside over, oi be present at the
assembly of a body ot persons called a Convention, in Cali-
fornia, to control, aid, advise, direct, or participate in any
manner in the deliberations of that body of persons. It' any,
the names of such agent or agents and their compensation.
Also, ihat the President be requested to inform the House
whether ihe Executive or either of the Depaitments have
sent any agent or aaents, on the part of this Government, to
California or New Mexico, to aid oi advise the people of
those Territories as to the formation oi a government for
themselves ; and if such agent or ageuts have been sent, who
they are, and their compensation. h
Also, that the President be respectfully requested to com- /
municate to this House all the instructions given to such j)
Governor, civil or military, in California or New Mexico, or '
to any officers of the army of the United States, or any
other persons who may have been sent by this Government
to California or New Mexico, and the proclamations and
communications by them made to the people of said Terri-
tories, as well as tht}, entire correspondence ol such agents
or Governor with this Government. And also, whether any
person or persons have been authorized by this Govern-
ment, or any of its departments, to appoint and direct elec-
tions in said Territories, and determine the qualifications uf
voters at the same ; and whether any laws have been enacted
by any supposed government in California; and if so, what
laws. And that the President be requested to communicate
to this House all correspondence held uy this Government
with any persons in California or New Mexico, relative to
the formation of a government for said Territories by the
inhabitants thereof; and whether any census of the citizens
of said Territories has been made; and the same, if made,
be communicated to this House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, suggested to the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Venable]
that the resolution should be so modified as also
to include all similar instructions issued by the
preceding Administration, if the resolution were
thus modified, he hoped it would be unanimously
adopted.
Mr. STANLY said he had observed that a
similar resolution had been introduced at the other
end of the Capitol. He wished to inquire of his
colleague [Mr. Venable] whether this was his
" thunder," or whether somebody else had stolen
it?
Mr. VENABLE replied that he did not know
the object of his colleague m putting this question.
As a matter of courtesy, however, he would say-
that nobody had stolen his thunder; that he him-
self had drawn up the resolution.
He accepted the suggestion of Mr. Stephens,
and modified his resolution by adding thereto the
following:
" Also, all similar instructions that were given to similar
officers or agents by the late Executive, and all similar in-
formation of which the Department ofState had possession
upon similar marters,at the expiration of the term of office
of the late President."
Mr. HfLLIARD suggested to Mr. Venable
that the resolution be further modified by adding
the usual qualifying clause, " provided in his (the
President's) judgment it be not incompatible with
the public interests."
Mr. VENABLE declined to accept this modifi-
cation, remarking that he believed that this pro-
viso was usually inserted in resolutions calling for
information relative to our foreign relations, and
not necessarily in other calls. He intended no
discoartesy to the President, but wanted the in-
formation.
After some further conversation,
Mr. H1LLIARD submitted'his amendment, by"
qualifying the call with the words, "if it be not'
incompatible with the public interests."
The question was then put and determined in
the negative.
The resolution as modified by the mover was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WOODWARD, it was
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following mail routes in the State of South
Carolina, to wit:
Prom Camden, in the Kershaw district, by the way of
Ridgewood, to Wmnsborough, in the district of Fairfield,
and thence by the way of Mouticelio to the village of New-
berry, in Newberry district.
From Rocky Mount, in the district of Fairfield, to Long
Street, in the district of Lancaster.
From Darlington Court-House to Camden, in Kershaw
district. ,
On motion by Mr. HOLMES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce do report, as
soon as practicable, to this House upon the propriety of re-
storing the officers of the reveuue marine service, lately
dismissed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution:
Rosolred, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill to abolish the practice of flogging in
the Navy.
Mr. J. said he designed to make this a test ques-
tion, and demanded the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution. There was not, how-
ever, a second, and the resolution giving rise to
debate, was ordered to lie over under the rule.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
it was
Resotoed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of entry
at Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. SAVAGE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested to communicate to the House (provided
the publication thereof be not prejudicial to the public in-
terest) all such information as may be within the knowledge'
of the Executive Department relative to the alleged ex-
traordinary proceedings of the Eoglish Government in the
forcible seizure and occupation of the i&land of Tigre, in
the State of Nicaiagua, Central America. Also, all facte,
circumstances, or communications within the knowledge of
the Executive relative to any seizure, occupation, or at-
tempted seizuie or occupation, by the f'Jnglish Government
ofany port, river, town, territory, ot inland belonging to, or
claimed by, any of the States of Central America. Also,
that he be requested to communicate to this House (if not
incompatible with the public interest) all tieaties not here-
tofore published, which may have been negotiated with any
of the States of Central America, by any person acting by
authority from the late Administration, or under the auspices
of the present Executive.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution, which, being objected to, lies
one day on the table:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the President's
message be printed in the German language.
Mr.MOREHEAD submitted the following res-
olution, which lies one day on the table, under the
rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to this House in a tabular form—
1. The total amount of hemp annually purchased for the
u&e of the American navy, by order ofthe Navy Departm^at,
since the first ot January,1841, the prices paid, and the dates
and places of purchase; and further, to show in said table,,
the propoition ot foreign hemp to that of American growth
and preparation so purchased annually, and the prices for
each, respectively.
2. To report to this House the results of any experiments
upon the comparative strength of foreign hemp and Ameri-
can water-rotted hemp, which have been made under di-
recti- n, or reported to the Navy Department, within the
same period.
Mr. WOOD submitted the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
transmit to this House copies of the map and estimate, re-
specting the improvement of the Maumee river, in the State
of Ohio, between the mouth of said river and the Perrys-
burg and Maumee cities at the foot of the Rapids.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill to repeal the act entitled "An act to
establish the Home Department, and to provide for the
Treasury Department^ Assistant Secretary of the Treasu-
ry and a Commissioner of the Customs.'
Mr. M. moved the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution, which not-being sec-
onded, and there being a disposition to debate it,
lie3 on the table one day under the rule.
