1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
Mr. CARTTER submitted the following resolu"
tion, which, under the ruie, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the President be reqiiesred to inform this
House whether James Collier, Collector to the port of San
Francisco, has received from the Government any appro-
priation, in money or otherwise, as an outfit, to defray the
exposes of his journey to California j and if so, how much,
and by what authority of law,
Mr. CROWELL submitted the following reso-
lution, which, under the rule, lies one dav on the
table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to re-
port to this House, at as early a day as practicable, the an-
nual expense of the recruiting service in each year, since
the close of the last war with Great Britain, the numbei of
recruits levied in each year, and the compensation, inclu-
ding bounty Jands, paid to each annually.
THE TERRITORIES.
The State of Ohio having been called—
* Mr. ROOT offered the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to report to the House, with as little delay as practicable, a
bill or bills providing for a territorial government or govern-
ments for nil that part of the territory ceded to the United
States by Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, lying
eastward of the Sierra Nevada mountains, and prohibiting
slavery therein.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. ROOT demanded the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMES asked for the yeas and naysj
which were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays on that motion were asked
and refused.
And the question having been taken, the motion
was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Stephens, that the resolution of Mr. Root
be laid on the table.
And the question, " Shall the resolution be laid
on the table ?" was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 81, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,
Breek, Brooks, Burt,G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Clarke,
Clingnian, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, * 'onrad, Deberry, Duer,
Edmundson, Ewmg, Featherston, Gilmore,Gorman, Green,
Haokett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, fiarmanson,
I. G. Harris, S. W. Harris, Haymond, Hilliard, Holmes,
Houston, Hubbard, Inge, A. Johnson, J. L. Johnson, R. W.
Johnson, Jones, Kiufman, La Sere, Job Mann, Marshall,
Mason, McCfcernand, McDowell, R M. McLane, F. E Mc-
Lean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Miller, M.llson,
Morse, Ori, Owen, Phelps, Richardson, Savage, Stanly,
P. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Alex. H Stephens, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Venable,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, Woodward, and
Younn—83.
NAY??—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Ashmun,
Baker, Bennett, Bmgham, Booth, Griggs, Buel, Burrows, J.
Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, Cole, Conger,
Corwin, Crowell, Diinmick, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry, Gid-
ding?, Goodenow, Gott, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Har-
lan, Hebard, Henry, Htbbard, Hoaaland, H we, Hunter,
Jackson, Julian, D. P. King, George G. King, Jas G. King,
John A King, Preston King, Lefller, LiUlefield, Horace
Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, McKi?sock, Meacham, Mor-
ris, Ojzle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putnam,
Reyno ds,Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Koot,Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Silvester. Spauldtug, Sprague, Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor,
James Thompson, Wi ham Thompson, Thurman, Tuck,
Uaderhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wcntworth,
White, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, Wilson, Winthrop,
and Wood—101.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question—
Mr. HILLIARD gave notice of his intention to
debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER said no debate would be in
order, the gentleman who introduced the resolu-
tion [Mr. Root] having, at the same time, de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays, and subsequently tellers,
were asked and refused.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative,
The House adjourned until Thursday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
Bv Mr. BOWLIN: The memorial of the Legislature of
Mi-snuri, asking Congress for a grant of the swamp or sub-
merged lauds of southeast Missouri and northeastern Ar-
kansas to the States respectively in which they lie, for
purposes of draining and reclaiming.
Also, the memorial of the BloomfMd Convention, in the
State of .vliaaoun, upon the same subject.
Also^ the petition of the inhabitants of the counties of
Cape Girardeau, Scott, New Madrid, Stoddard, Mississippi,
Dublm^and Wayne, in relation to the same subject.
Also, the petition of Hiram Pearsons and eighty-seven
others, on the same subject.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Missouri, asking
for the graduation and reduction of the price of the public
!and£; and also the relinquishment to the said State ot lands
known and designated as condemned lands, not having been
deemed worthy of survey; all of which were severally re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of E. H. Beebe and about two hundred
others, citizens of St. Louis, inteiested in the navigation of
the western rivers by steam, praying the passage of certain
laws regulating the navigation of said rivers and securing1
more effectually the protection of life and property against
casualties and accidents; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of the citizens and corporation of
Carondelet, in the State of Missouri, praying a confirmation
ol their survey of commons, as located by the surveyor gen-
eral, undei a confirmation by this Government and subse-
quent relinquishment of claim thereto. Referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. •
Also, the petition of Jarrot H. Dudley, and ninety-four
other citizens of Missouri, piaying the establishment of a
mail-route from Thomasville, the county seat of Oregon
county, to Martinsburg, in Ripley county, by way of Mill
Creek and Doniphan, the county seat of Ripley county, in
Missouri.
Also, the petition of citizens of Perry county, Missouri,
praying the establishment of a mail-route from Perryville,
in Perry county, to Chester, in the State of Illinois ; both ot
which were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr. BiSSELL : The petition of Jacob Feaman, John
A. Langloi, and Ferd. Maxwell, praying for the passage of
a law allowing compensation to lind officers tor issuing
bounty laud warrants. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. B. asked and obtained leave to withdraw from the
files of the House certain papers relating to the claim of
Charles S Jackson.
By Mr. WEN F WORTH: The petition of masters of ves-
sels, &c., tor a light-house at Northwest Point, at the mouth
ot Grand Traverse Bay, in the Slate of Michigan.
Also, the petition of Nathan Corey, of Lake county, Illi-
nois, a soldier of the revolutionary war, lora pension.
Also, the petition of the late and present land officers at
Danville, Illinois, (or extra compensation for their services
in casses of lands entered by soldiers' wairants.
Also, the petition of citizens ot Vermillion county, Illi-
nois. to abolish in the Army, Navy, Congress, and every-
where else, the office of chaplain; and also to have Con-
gie&s refrain from all legislation upon the subject of religion.
By Mr. RICHARDSON : The petition ot Lavis Putnam
and two hundred and fourteen other citizens of the State ot
Illinois, remonstrating against the appropriation ot national
funds to pay clergy tor the Houses of Congress, for the
Army and Navy, for Military Schools and Indian stations.
Also, the pennon of H. P. McCli'itock and one hundred
and ninety-eighr others, upon the same subject.
Also, the petition ot Henry Snively, of Fulton county,
Illinois, asking Congress to reimburse certain moneys ex-
pended by him for and upon land «?old by the General Gov-
ernment to him, to which the Government had no title;
which was, without reading, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Doctor Francis Drude, of Qnincy,
Illinois, asking an appropriation for medicines and surgical
instruments lost by him while in the service of the United
States in the war with Mexico.
Mr. R asked leave to withdraw from the files the petition
and papers of Luke Perry, of Brown county, Illinois, and
to have them referred to the Committee on Fubhc Lauds.
Agreed 10.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of the heirs of John
H. Piatt, praying for the balance due from the United States.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. SIL VESTER: The memorial of sundry inhabit-
ants of the city of New York, for the removal of the rocks
from Hurlgate.
On motion of Mr. S., leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers of Skelton Felton j and
they were referred to the Committee on invalid Pensions.
By Mr. RCME: The petition of the heirs of Moses Van
Campen. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
By Mr. LITTLEFIELD. The petition of Lydia Jordan,
and another, widows of soldiers of the revolutionary war,
for an amendment and extension of the pension laws;
which was referred to tne Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. BINGHAM presented a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of the Slate of Michigan, relative to slavery and the
slava trade in the District of Columbia.
Also, a joint lesolutton respecting the Territories of .the
United States.
Also, joint resolutions relative fo the construction of a
chip canal around the falls of Niagara and the Saui,t Ste.
Marie.
Also, joint resolutions in favor of a reduction of postage.
Also, joint resolutions relative to a road from Saginaw to
Miehilimackinac and Ste. Marie.
Bv Mr. GRINNELL : A petition of citizens of Nantucket;
Of William Rotch,jr., William Handy, and others; of Ed-
ward and Cornelius Howfand; of William Rotch and Sons,
of Nantucket; of Reuben Cook, Provmcetown , and of James
and Anna Arnold, New Bedford,—lor French spoliations.
Also, ofciuzens of New Bedford, for "an appropriation to
complete the improvement of that harbor.
Also, of citizens of Rochester, Massachusetts, for a semi-
monthly mail to California.
Also, of citizens of Boston, and other places, for removal
of rocks from Hurlgate channel.
Also, of Isaac Paine and others, for a light-house on Hog
Island, Virginia.
Also, of Susan Worth, mother-in-law of General Worth,
for a pension.
Abo, of snip-masters and others, against a prime meridian
being established in this corintry..
Mr. PHCENIX presented a memorial from the Chamber
of Commerce of New York, for improving the HurJgate
channel.
Also, a memorial from citizens in Brooklyn.
Also, six memorials from citizens in Boston, New Haven,
and New York.
Also, a memorial from the marine insurance companies
of New York and elsewhere, all for the same object. $
Also, a memorial from the insurance companies^ f°r the
establishment of a mint in 'he city of New York.
Also, three memorials from merchants in the cities of.
Nejy York and Brooklyn, for the same obect.
Also, a petition from E. Pav$n3tedtand Schumaker, to be
discharged from liability as sureties and f-ancelling bond.
Also, a memorial and resolutions from the Chamber of
Commerce of New Yoik, favorable to the construction of
a railroad to the Pacific Ocean.
Also, a petition from Curtis Ho)ton, for remuneration for
losses sustained by action of .the Government of France,
from 1793 to 3801.
Also, a memorial from the matine insurance companies
and merchants of New York, and resolutions of the Cham-
ber ot Commprce of New York, in relation to the District
Court of the United States at Key West.
Also, a memorial of marine insurance companies and
merchants of Boston, and others interested in the commeice
of the United Slates, in relation to the District Court at Key
West, in Florida. All of which were dulv referred.
Mr. MEACHAM asked leave to withdraw the papers of
Robert Beach, Sylvest* r Bodget, and Joseph Johnson, from
the files of the House, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. THOMAS presented the petition of Thomas J, Kelly
and 67 others, praying the abolition of the office of chap-
lain In Congress, and in the army and navy. Ateo, the pe-
tition of William Brownlow, John Phil ips,and 307 others,
upon the same subject. Also, the petitionof J. P. Hard-
wickc and 35 others, upon the same subject; which said
several petitions were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. Also, the petition of Charles Allen for a pension,
which was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions^
and the petition'of D W. P. A. Hale, which was referred to
the Committee ot Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 31, 1849.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by Colonel Buss,
his Private Secretary.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have been requested to
present the petition of Caroline L. Eustis, widow
of the late Gov. Eustis, of Massachusetts. Her
husband entered the army as a surgeon on the day
of the battle of Bunker Hill, and continued to dis-
charge the duties appertaining to a surgeon in the
army through the whole war. Afterwards, as is
well known, he became distinguished, politically
and personally. He was successively a member
of Congress, Secretary of the War Department,
and Governor of Massachusetts. During his life,
he applied for no pension nor allowance of any
kind; his circumstances not requiring that he
should make a demand upon the country for an
allowance. He was afterwards married, and it so
happened that his marriage was subsequent to the
period fixed by law for authorizing the widows of
revolutionary officers to draw pensions. There
are very peculiar circumstances in the case, and it
is one, as 1 think, of very great merit.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have received a great many
memorials from various towns m Massachusetts
on the subject of indemnity for French spoliations
committed prior to the year 1800—an old subject
—and in regard to which a bill to indemnify the
claimants has twice or three times passed the Sen-
ate. These memorials are from Boston, Nan-
tucket, Newburyport, Salem, Gloucester, and
many other places. Some memorials of thesame
nature have been presented already, and in order
to give time for consideration to those who are in-
trusted with them, as to what course ought to be
pursued in regard to their reference, such as have
been presented have been laid upon the table. I
propose to give the same disposition to these, and
intend, as soon as the Senate shall be full, after
the holidays, to call up the subject, in order that
the memorials may receive such disposition as to
the Senate may seem proper.
They were laid upon the table accordingly.
Mr. W. further presented fifteen petitions from
citizens of Massachusetts, asking that the spirit
ration of the navy may be abolished.
I will move, sir, with your permission, that these
petitions be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; and I take this occasion to say, that I think
the time has come, and fully come, when a law
