1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
acquisition of the territories acquired from Mexico,
and during the pendency of the war, adequate
notice was given by the North, that in the event
of new territories being acquired, slavery should
be positively prohibited, and thus the South ex-
cluded from all participation in them. He referred
particularly to the declarations emphatically made
on this floor some years since by the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Preston King,]
in a sort of manifesto, which under the guise of a,
personal explanation, he introduced here, against
the extension ofslavery, and in favor of the Wilmot
proviso, should new territories be acquired by the
existing war. Sir, before such effect is to be im-
puted to the declarations of the gentleman from
New York, however positive or pointed, reference
ought to be had to the action and declaration of
others here. I was, sir, an humble member of
that Congress, and having participated deeply in
the feeling that the course of the gentleman from
New York and others, then excited among south-
ern representatives, I have a vivid recollection of
the whole. Sir, at the earliest possible moment
after the declarations of the gentleman from New
York that the rules of the House would allow,
an able and influential friend from the South,
(then, as for the sake of his section more than
for himself, I wish he were now, a member of the
House,) Judge Dargan, of Mobile, and myself re-
plied to and denounced the positions of that gen-
tleman. I distinctly declared, that if the purpose
and principles of the North were such as that gen-
tleman declared, the South ought not, and in my
opinion would not furnish a dollar or a man for
the prosecution of the war, and for one, humble
as I was, so help me God, with that understand-
ing and expectation, I never would have given a
vote for either. But, sir, in the course of the de-
bate that followed on the Wilmot proviso, I well
recollect that at least one distinguished gentleman
from the Northwest, [Mr. Douglas,] who enjoyed
largely the confidence of the Democracy of that j
section, openly repudiated the doctrine of the
gentleman, and declared he would, in the event of
acquisitions, adhere to and carry out the Missouri
compromise line. I certainly understood that there
•were other northern Democrats at least who con-
curred in the same sentiments; but surely the gen-
tleman to whom I referred is at least an adequate
offset to the gentleman from New York, whose
remarks were so insisted on by the member from
Tennessee. But, sir, apart from this House, was
there not throughout the whole country, at the
time of the acquisition of the territories by the
treaty of peace, a general expectation that the
"Wilmot proviso would not be enforced, to the ex-
clusion of the South, but that some fair adjustment,
either on the principle of the Missouri compro-
mise line, or of non-intervention in its just sense
of no invidious discrimination by our common
Government against the property of any section
or State, would be secured? Jt was expected that
a fair chance of participation would be allowed to
the South. Sir, had not the Wilmot proviso been
rejected in the Senate ? Had it not been emphati-
cally declared by the then President that he would
veto it? Was not the great Democratic party,
■whose triumph in the coming presidential canvass
v/assanguinely expected, pledged, through its can-
didate and its solemn resolves, to the repudiation of
the proviso and the settlement of the sectional
controversy on fair terms? Sir, a general expecta-
tion of adjustment—of participation on the part of
the South, was entertained. The principle of non-
intervention was unfortunately not understood
alike in both sections. It canpot be resorted to
•without disappointment and mockery to one sec-
tion or the other. The Missouri com promise re-
mains, commended by past precedent—by the
peace it once administered—by the long acqui-
escence and consent of the country. Is it not a
reasonable expectation—is it not demanded by
equity and good faith that it should be again
adopted and made forever permanent?
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. SEDDON proposed, as an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Green,] to insert after the word " territory,"
in the 12th line, the words " as by the past action
of the Government the benefit of the Missouri line
has been fully realized to the non-slaveholdmg
States."
Mr. S. said: The amendment presents another
strong ground of reason and justice for the adop-
tion of the Missouri line. As I have said, sir, and
no fair-minded man has denied or can controvert it,
the Missouri line was adopted and designed as a
compromise, by partition between the slaveholdmg
and non-slaveholding States of the whole territory
of the United States, and intended to apply to the
utmost western limits of such territory. Sir, the
full benefit of that line to the Pacific ocean has, on
the faith of that compromise, been realized, and is
now enjoyed by the non-slaveholding States. Sir,
as has been recently stated here, when the ordi-
nance of '87, or the prohibition of slavery, was first
introduced by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Winthrop] into the Oregon bill, it was based
on a recognition of the Missouri compromise,
as applicable thereto, and on that ground many
southern men voted for it. When afterwards the
prohibition was actually inserted in the Oregon bill,
is it not known—for was it not solemnly declajpd
by the then President—that it escaped a veto and
received his sanction only on the faith and sup-
posed obligation of the Missouri compromise?
The interdict of slavery in Oregon never could
have been law but for that compromise. Above
that line to the Pacific, the North has undisputed
possession and enjoyment. The institutions and
the rights of the slaveholding States are debarred
and precluded therefrom. We of the South have
acquiesced in this, for it was in the bond. On the
faith of past legislation—on the force of com-
pact scarce less stringent than fundamental law—
we have relied, and now claim our reciprocal
rights—our propoition of the territory south of
that line. As just and honorable men, can you,
representatives of the non-slaveholding States, now
deny and exclude us ? I appeal to your respect
for the faith of your honored sires—1 invoke the
solemn obligations imposed by the reliance and
trust we have reposed in your honor and jus-
tice, and 1 call on you to allow to the slavehold-
ing States the enjoyment of the territory south of
the line, in the full sense and to the full extent,
even to the ocean, in which you enjoy all north of
it. The fact that you have realized and are now
enjoying the full benefit of the line to that extent,
with men of honor, must be conclusive against the
denial or repudiation of the reciprocal rights se-
cured by that line to the ocean to the slaveholding
States. I appeal from your prejudices and avcr-
| sions to your honor and justice.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER renewed the amendment, and
said: Mr. Chairman, 1 will ask the indulgence of
the committee again for a few moments, for the
purpose of adding another word of remonstrance
against the unnatural and persevering attempt
to fasten upon California the peculiar institu-
tion of a portion of these States. The preten-
sion of the right to do it is claimed by a portion of
the South, and by all who have seen fit to address
the committee in support of the position, upon the
ground, that California is the joint conquest of
the Slates, purchased by the common blood and
treasure of the States, and of right, under the Con-
stitution, should be partitioned to the two great
sections of the Union for all political and proper-
ty purposes; that the Federal Government is a
mere trustee of the States for such purpose, and
bound in the faithful execution of the trust, to
give the required dnection to the territorial ob-
ject of property and political dominion. Srr, I'
propose, with the view of placing myself light
upon the recurd, to examine ill outline this claim.
Is it true, that the territory was conquered with
the common blood of the States ? I deny it totally.
The States, like all other corporations, are desti-
tute of blood. Is it true that the territory was
conquered by the blood of the citizens of the
States, as Stale sovereignties? This proposition is
equally untrue.
Sir, the citizen within the sovereignty of this
nation, owing duty to, and entitled to the protec-
tion of the several State and National Governments,
has a compound political being. His political rela-
I tions to his State government is one thing; his
political relations to the Federal Government anoth-
er. The separate political attnbutes in the same
person are distinguished by the distinct rights and
duties enjoyed and enforced within the orbits of
the respective governments. Sir, the war with
Mexico was a war, not of the States or of a single
State—they all or either of them, in their §tate
soveieignty, possessed no such power. The war
was recognized to exist by this Government, the
only Government having the power over the sub'-
ject. The soldier, in the exercise of Ilia natural
and individual sovereignty, voluntarily, and of his
own right and authority, enlisted into the service
of this Government, and in this capacity prose-
cuted the war. The war was closed by treaty—
with whom? With this Government, the only
Government possessing the power to treat upon
the subject. The result of*that treaty was a con-
cession of the territory, not to the States, but to
the Government of the United States.
It is urged again, that the territory was bought
with the common treasure of the several States,
or the citizens thereof. This conclusion is equally
false. The war was prosccuted, and the territory
purchased with funds drawn and to be drawn from
the Treasury of the Federal Government, and this
fund is the fruit of an indirect impost, not upon
the States, but upon the individual citizens of the
several States in the discharge of a tax-paying
duty to the Federal Government, a tax drawn
from their Federal citizenship.
Sir, if I am correct in this view of the subject,
it answers the steieotyped argument, that tire ter-
ritory was conquered with the blood and treasure
of the States.
I am willing to concede that the Government .
holds the territory in the nature of a trust. But,
it is a trust for the benefit of the population upon
it, and that may accumulate upon it up to such
period and to such condition and extent as shall
entitle them to lay aside their infancy and put on
the character of State sovereignty. This is the
only doctrine, as 1 humbly conceive, that can pass
the population of a territory through their inchoate
tiial to State independency. This leaves every
citizen of every State to migrate to the teriitorics
and take with him all the natural rights of prop-
erty. If the right of the master to property in his
slave is a right of natural origin and sustained by
natuial justice, as claimed by its defendeis here,
his way is open to the territories as clearly as
though he tgok with him any other uncontested
subject of property. The only hazards he en-
counters are the hazards of judicial judgment. If
his property is the mere creation ot force or posi-
tive law, he must in this, as in the case of all other
legislatively cieated rights, remain within the ju-
risdiction that creates and justifies his property
pretentions. Sir, I hold, that the success of this
attempt to transfer the institutions (whatever their
character) of the existing States, to the States in
infancy or prospect, to be a monstrous subjugation
of State rights, as far as our new territories are
concerned, and an alarming assumption of power
on the part of existing States, which would, if
permitted to be successful, transform the free
West from independent constituencies of this vast
empire to mere provinces, creating to reflect, the
worm-eaten policy and prejudices of its senior
sisters. And permit me to say the ambition of the
old States in this respect can never be accom-
plished; the West will fashion its own govern-
ments to fit its own limbs—your old clothes will
not cover them.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VENABLE renewed the amendment. He
said, no proposition is clearer than that the people
of the non-slaveholdmg States have enjoyed all
the benefit of the Missouri compromise line.
They, as my friend from Virginia [Mr. Seddon]
remarked, were willing to acknowledge it in former
times. Sir, it was when the bargain benefited
the North—when Iowa was coming into theUnion
and territories were growing out of the domain cut
off by the Missouri compromise line. When Texas
was admitted, that line was run. When Oregon
was made a territory, a southern President signed
the bill, wi'h the averment, that if it came below
the line of 3b° 30', he would have vetoed the bill.
Now, when the line is to inure to the protection
of the South, we are told that the bargain was
not binding. Thus have the South been made the
subject of imposition. Thus do gentlemen press
a war upon us, and sustain the whole system by
arguments so contradictory as to demonstrate that
they seek only to justify a purpose of oppression.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] denies
that the Federal Government is a trustee for the
whole people in relation to the interests of the
territories. He laughs at all that is said about
common blood and treasure of the people of the
States. Says he, they (the States) have no blood,
