M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
leave to introduce a bilL to grant the right of way
to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company.
GOVERNMENTS FOR THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. HALE. It will be recollected that a few
days since the Senator from Mississippi (Mr.
Foote] gave notice of his intention to introduce a
bill looking; to very important legislation; and, as
several Senators are desirous of knowing what the
provisions of that bill are, and as the country is
looking with some interest for information on the
subject, I hope the Senator, if it meet the appro-
bation of the Senate, will allow the bill to be pre-
sented, laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. POOTE. I have no objection at all, in
order to gratify gentlemen who desire to have an
opportunity of lookfng at the bill, to lay it on the
table. I suppose the gentleman's object will be
attained by the printing. But the reason that op-
erated with me in deferring^its introduction, is still
potential; and that is, there are to be found in the
bill some details on which there may be some little
controversy, and I am anxious that any discussion
which may arise shall take place upon the resolu-
tion, and that the principle shall be settled ante-
rior to the consideration of the details. I have no
objection to lay the bill upon the table, for the pur-
pose of having it printed.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
BTLLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained letve to introduce a bill concerning
judgments in the courts of the United States within
the State of New York; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. S. said: I will state the reasons for the in-
troduction of this bill. Judgments in the courts of
the United States are liens upon property in the
States by virtue of the laws of such States, and not
of the laws of Congress, and are regulated in their
force and effect by the laws of the States. A law
of the State of New York requires that all judg-
ments, in order to be leviable upon real estate in
any county of the State, shall be docketed, as it
is technically called, in the clerk's office of the
county. There is no provision directing judgments
recovered in the United Slates courts to be so re-
corded, and consequently it is very difficult to
ascertain whether a title to land be free from the
incumbrance of such judgments. This bill is in-
tended to provide that it shall be the duty of the
clerk3 of the courts of the United States to furnish
copies of judgments as the clerks of the State courts
are required to do, and for the same purpose.
The bill was twice read, and, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill allowing
exchanges of, and granting additional school lands
in the State of Arkansas; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. B. also, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Connelly;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
providing for an additional term of the United
States Circuit and District Courts at Chicago, in
the State of Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
appropriating money to remove rocks in the Hurl-
pate channel, and elsewhere in the harbor of New
York; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred .to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill granting
the franking privilege to Sarah Polk.
The Senate, on motion by Mr. BADGER, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of said bill; which I
was read a first and second time by unanimous [
consent, considered as in Committee of the W hole,
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to a third reading, read a third time, and
Mr. KING stated that, upon looking over
the list of committees, he found that he had been
made chairman of two of them, to wit: that of
Foreign Relations and of Pensions. He thought
it impossible to discharge the duties of both, and
asked that he be discharged from further service
on the Committee on Pensions; which was agreed
to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved that Mr. Jones
be appointed chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions in place of Mr. King, excused; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved that the vacancy occasioned
in the Committee on Pensions be filled by the ap-
pointment of Mr. Hale; which motion was agreed
t0- . . /
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet
on Thursday next.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. It will be re-
membered that at the last session of Congress a
bill was passed concerning the taking of the cen-
ses, the time for doing which is now close at hand,
and the census board was directed to make a re-
port at the commencement of this session. That
report was presented some time since to the Sen-
ate, and has been lying on the table, I believe, ever
since it was made. It is evidently a case which
requires the immediate action of the Senate. As
the subject was committed to a select committee at
the last session, perhaps it will be well to dispose
of it now in the same way. it certainly requires
immediate dispatch, and 1 move therefore that the
subject be referred to a select committee, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of how many mem-
bers shall the committee consist?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Of five mem-
bers.
The names of the committee were not announced
by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move that the report made
by the board on the subject of the census, and
which is now in the possession of the Senate, be
referred to the select committee, when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. There was a report of cer-
tain officers of the Treasury that was laid on the
table at my suggestion on the last day on which
the Senate was in session. I now propose that
that report be taken up and considered.
The report was accordingly taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the motion to print.
The question being put, it was concurred in.
On-motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time so spent, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 3, 1851).
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
Messrs. Seddon of Virginia, Reed and Levin
of Pennsylvania, and Nelson of New Yoric, pre-
sented themselves at the Speaker's chair, and were
qualified by taking the usual oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
DESERET.
Mr. BOYD rose and said that he asked the
unanimous consent of the House to present, with
a view to its reference to the Committee on the
Territories, the memorial of the people of Deseret,
praying admission as a State into the Union, or
that such other form of civil government be ex-
tended to them as Congress might deem just.
Also, another memorial of that people asking that
Mr. Babbit be admitted as their Representative.
The latter memorial was accompanied by cre-
dentials (showing his election) under the broad
seal. [Laughter.]
Mr. B. asked that the first memorial might be
referred to the Committee on the Territories, and
the second to the Committee of Elections. He
hoped there would be no objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose and object-
ed; and demanded the regular orders of the day.
So the memorials were not introduced.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
The following notices were handed in under the
rule, viz:
Mr. BINGHAM gave notice that at some fu-
ture day he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
grant alternate sections of land to aid the construc-
tion of the Clinton and Kalamazoo canal, in the
State of Michigan.
Also, a bill relative to the construction of a ship
canal around the falls of Sault St. Marie, in said
State.
Also, a bill to aid in the construction of a road
from Saginaw to Michilimackinac and Sault St.
Marie, in said State.
Also, a bill to aid in the construction of a road
from Lansing, the capital of the State, to Macki-
nac, in said State of Michigan.
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice of bills—
For the benefit of the Territory of^ Minnesota;
For the establishment of certain post-routes in
said Territory.
For extending the laws of the United States over
the Indian tribes in Minnesota Territory.
Mr. BOWLIN gave notice of leave to bring in
a bill, on to-morrow or some future day, entitled
"A bill for establishing an additional term of. the
district court of the United States at St. Louis,
Missouri, and for a corresponding increase of com-
pensation to the judge."
CHAPLAINS.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business would be the execution of the order of
the House, adopted on Monday last, providing
that the House would go into the election of offi-'
cers; and the first in order would be the election of
a Clerk.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that before
the House proceeded to the execution of that
order, he would ask leave to present the usual joint
resolution providing for ttie election of Chaplains,
but not with a view now to go into that election.
Objections in several quarters were made.
So the resolution was not introduced.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BAKER rose to present (he said) the cre-
dentials of Hogh N. Smith, of Santa Fe, New
Mexico, containing evidence of the fact of his
election by the people of that Territory, if it was
a Territory, to appear as a Delegate in this House.
Mr. B. asked that the credentials be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER said that objection having
been made, the House would proceed to the exe-
cution of the order of Monday.
Mr BAKER said he raised this question: that
he offered the credentials of the gentleman claim*
ing his seat as a question of privilege, and entitled,
as such, to be considered.
The SPEAKER thought, he said, that the ques-
tion was not a question of privilege. The business
first in order was the election of a Clerk.
So the memorial was not received.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
the order of the House of Monday last.
The SPEAKER said, that under the rules of
the House it was necessary that nominations
should be made. Nominations for Clerk were
now in order.
The reading of the rules by which the election
of officers of the House is governed was called for,
and they were read, as follows:
" In all cases of election by the House, of its officers, the
vote shall be taken viva voce."
"In all ea:>es where oilier than members of the House
may be eligible to an office by the election ol the House
there shall he a previous nomination." '
Mr. BINGHAM was understood to inquire of
the Speaker whether, under the rule which had
been read, members were prohibited from voting
for any person who had not been previously nomi-
nated ?
The SPEAKER said he did not know that such
a case had heretofore been presented. The rule
required that nominations should be made, but it
did not declare that votes should be excluded on
the ground that they might not have been given for
persons thus nominated.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired of
the Speaker whether members could make nomi-
nations if no election should be effected to-day ?
