1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
Whig and Democrat, voted against it. Such was
the vo;e in the committee; and thoujh some
Whigs and some Democrats from the North voted
against the bill in the House after that proviso was
incorporated in it, yet a large majority of both
parties from the North voted for it, and carried it
by a vote of 85 to 79.
Mr. S. said he spoke from the record. And after
that, on the 15th of January, 1847, when the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] offered
the Missouri compromise line to the Oregon bill,
it was expressly rejected by a vote of one hundred
and thirteen against it, to eighty-two only in favor
of it. This also was a sectional vote, only six
northern men voting for that line. And several
southern gentlemen voted for that measure, not
only with the Wilmot proviso in it, but even after
the Missouri compromise line had been repudiated.
Yet in the face of these demonstrations, southern
men had gone for these acquisitions. The cry then
was " indemnity for the past and security f r the
future." The cry was taken up not only by gen-
tlemen from the South, who went for it as slave
territory, but by their allies at the North, who de-
clared by their repeated votes that it should be
free territory. It required no far-seeing sagacity
then to perceive what would be the result. The
only difference between parties at the North was
this; The Whigs were opposed to acquisition, but
said, if acquisition was made, the territory acquired
should be free- territory; whilst the Democrats
went for the acquisition for the purpose of extend-
ing the area of tree territory. Apprehending just
such a state of thing as we are now witnessing, he
(Mr. S.) had attempted to arrest and prevent
the evil. He met but little encouragement from
that quarter where he ought to have got most.
But he knew the day of retribution would
come. That, in his opinion, was the time for the
South to have looked to her interests; and that
was the time for all friends of the Union to have
counted its value. It was then his voice was raised,
and it was then that those who acted with him
were denounced as " Mexican Whigs," for at-
tempting to save the country from its present
calamities. An insinuation had even gone forth
from the then Executive that all those who ex-
posed the mischievous tendency of his policy
were " giving aid and comfort" to the public
enemy. That insinuation he (Mr. S.) had treated
with the scorn it deserved.
The conquest, however, was not arrested. Glory
was all then that could he heard. "Indemnity for
the past and security for the future" were the
watchwords. Well, you have got the " indem-
nity for the past," and what is it? A war that
has cost you not less than $120,000,000, to say
nothing of the waste of human life. And as for
your security for the future, what is it ? Sir, (said
Mr. Stephens,) in this House, more than three
years ago, when this war was in full blast, when
the thirst f$r conquest and dominion was at its
greatest rage, I warned members from the North
and South to take heed, lest in their eager
pursuit after the dismemberment of a neighboring
Republic, they might have the unenviable distinc-
tion of looking back upon the broken fragments
of another and a mors glorious confederacy. The
warning was not heeded—the acquisition has been
made. I opposed it in the beginning—I opposed
it in all its stages, and I expect I shall oppose it
to the end. I have never seen any good to result
from it, but mischief incalculable. I am willing
to stand the test of the future upon the propriety
of my course throughout. My motto at first was,
" to touch not, taste not, and handle not" the un-
holy thing. I never voted a dollar for these terri-
tories; and I think it was a solemn duty on the
part of all well-wishers for the peace and harmony
of the country to have withheld the ratification of
the treaty by which the acquisition was proposed
to be made, until all these perplexing questions
which now distract and divide the country were
settled and adjusted. 1 opposed the ratification of
the treaty on the part of this House by voting the
''money. In this last position, it is true, I regretted
to find myself deserted by many, yea a large ma-
jority, of the northern as well as the southern
Whigs. Some stood by me. My colleague, [Mr.
Toombs,] and a few others I see here, voted with
me against the appropriation. But the measure
was carried. The treaty was sanctioned by all
the deparments of the Government. No under-
standing or settlement of the vexed questions
was had. All was left open—the South declar-
ing, rightly and justly, that she should have an 1
equal participation, while the North was firm in l
the declaration that it was free territory, and j
should remain free. And we are now quarrel- 1
ing about the division of our ill-gotten plunder, j
This is the spectacle we present. If we had come i
to a distinct understanding at first, we should have I
had none of these difficulties. The' gentleman \
from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] said the other i|
day that the honor of the acquisition belonged to i
his party. This I fully believe. If there be any ;|
honor in the achievement, they are welcome to it i
for me. And I agree with him that the main re-
sponsibility of settling these questions rests with !
the same party. It would have rested with them :
entirely, if the Whigs had maintained their integ-
rity to the last. But, sir, a majority of them
joined in the consummation of the measure. I ;
regretted to see it, and regret more now to see '
them, after having done so, abandoning the prin-
ciples of justice, right, and equality, and claiming
the whole of the territories to the exclusion of the
South. I speak of and to the northern Whigs
upon this floor. I acted with you in resisting the
acquisition until the final consummation.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McMULLEN renewed the amendment.
He expressed his surprise that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] should have said that the
country was mortified, that if we acquired these ter-
ritories from Mexico they should be free. On
what ground could the people of the South give
their confidence to those who made these declara-
tions? Had they not higher obligations to look to
than the declarations of these gentlemen ? He put
this question to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Gentrt,] who came forward a day or two .
ago, and told the committee that he had predicted j
all these difficulties, and foretold the agitation t
which would be brought on us by the acquisition •
of these territories. What had the South to look j
to ? They had a right to look to the Constitution, j
And they had also to rely on the Missouri com- ;
promise, which they expected would be regarded I
in good faith. They had reason to expect that !
the North would abide by this compiomise. The \
South had a right to look for a settlement of the j
slave question on this line. He begged to ask !
northern gentlemen what had the South done since
this solemn obligation was entered into, to justify j
trilS SUIC11U1 UU! .1
them in coming forward at this day to oppose the s
extension of the Missouri line through these terri- i
tories? He wished gentlemen from the North \
to answer this question. He wished they 1
would tell him, and tell his constituents what the
southern people had done to induce the North thus
to violate her solemn obligations ?
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
took great credit for warning the country against
the danger which the acquisition of these territo-
ries was to bring upon us. He wished to tell
that gentleman, and some other southern Whigs,
that if they had come up to the point like men—
and like statesmen, at a proper tune, this question
could have been settled. Then the country would
have been tranquil. He desired to put the saddle
on the right horse. Why did they not come for-
ward and settle this difficulty during the last Con-
gress ? He would not make the charge, but they
mi "lit be suspected of being actuated by political
considerations. The South, however, throughout
had, in good faith, adhered to the Missouri com-
promise.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ORR renewed the amendment, and ad-
dressed the Chair as follows: There is one fact ;
conclusive to my mind, that the North did not in- ,
tend to exclude the South from all participation in '
the acquired territory, or that if it was so intended, .
f,he North was guilty of unpardonable duplicity in j
not disclosing its purpose. The acquisition was ,
made by treaty, and when the treaty was under l
consideration in the Senate the proposition was |
made to ingraft the "Wilmot proviso on the treaty ,
itself. Only fifteen votes were cast in favor of this j
amendment, all the other Senators voting against .
it. Now, if the North had voted unanimously m j
its favor, the South would have understood their j
purpose-, as they did not, the South justly inferred ,
that they were assenting to an equal participation .
in the common territory. If the South had un- j
derstood that she was not to share in the acquisi- j
tjon that she was to be unjustly excluded, she |
had it in her power to have defeated the acquisi-
tion. She had thirty Senators on the floor—one-
half the body, and less than two-thirds could not
have ratified the treaty. She could, therefore, have
saved herself the indignity and humiliation you
seem determined to infiict on her by rejecting the
treaty. Has not the North acted, therefore, in
bad faith towards us, in not disclosing their pur-
pose and putting us on our guard? Did not fair
dealing demand of them a frank avowal of their
object?
We now tender you the Missouri compromise;
it is a fair and equitable division of the territory.
When the Louisiana territory was acquired, this
line was adopted, which gave more of the territory
to the northern than southern section—this was
at its acquisition all slave territory. Texas was
acquired, and this line again adopted; territory
enough yielded by the South to make two free'
States. This was slave territory.
Now, when by two acquisitions of slave terri-
tory we surrendered more than we retained, with
what justice, with what honesty, with what pro-
priety can the North exclude us from all participa-
tion in every foot of the first acquisition of free
territory? Let the fair-minded man answer that
question. I do not appeal to northern men to do
us justice: I hope I never shall be so far lost to
self-respect as to become a suppliant at the feet of
power. We tender you this line to the Pacific—
you can accept it or reject it; but there is one
thing which it is my duty now to say: we do
not intend to submit to exclusion from that terri-
tory; we will have a fair proportion of it, " peace-
ably if we can—forcibly if we must."
He withdrew the amendment.
[ Mr. MORSE said, he renewed the amendment,
I although he did not know exactly what it was;
! and if his remarks miglrt not seem as pertinent as
' some gentlemen desired, he hoped that it would
not be considered as an intentional violation of
the rules of the House. Presuming that the re-
marks of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens] were in order, I desire to reply to him
and some other gentlemen of the Whig party from
the South, like Mr. Gentry, who, on more occa-
sions than one, have taunted the members of the
Democratic party with having brought this trou-
ble upon the countiy, and with great complacen-
cy arrogate to themselves great credit for their
warning voice during the Mexican war. In the
first place, as regards the vote on the territorial
bill for Oregon, with the proviso in it, I have only
this to say, that up to that time ,the Missouri
compromise had never been violated; the North
had admitted Texas a slave State, and it was de-
! sired as an over-caution to have it so inserted, and
! I would not be the first to show an example of
j bad faith. Shall I violate my duty because I fear
1 that another mav not comnly with his part? No,
! sir, I would not put such a dishonorable imputation
! upon them. Thegentleman from Massachusetts,
: [Mr. Winthrop,] introduced it, and though I c®n-
; sidered it a work of supererogation, I voted for it.
' I would not, when any additional territory should
' be acquired, that I should be held up as the first
violator of a solemn compact, made under such
circumstances, and after five months discuss ion, and
I would vote in the same way under similar circum-
stances. But these gentlemen make a great merit
of having warned us about continuing the ^war.
Sir, they opposed the war because they knew
and feared it would redound to the credit of the
Democratic party, and the glory of the adminis-
! tration of the late lamented James IC. Polk. Sir,
! I believed my country engaged in an honorable
1 war, and I was determined to prosecute it until
i we had obtained indemnity for the past and secu-
; rity for the future; and if, when the country was
! obtained, the people of the North chose to de-
1 prive us of our rights there—-the sin is then a.
Sir, the gentleman from Georgia would better sub-
serve the interests of the people of the South, in-
stead of ouarrelling and endeavoring to make a
little political capital by finding fault with his po-
litical opponents. Instead oi the petty ambition
of making small points in the Democratic party, he
would unite with the South, by his vote and his
counsel, and give quiet and peace to the country.
If there is a "man who is responsible more than
another it is that gentleman, who moved to lay
Clayton compromise on the table, and who, witn
eight or ten others, preferred to make a little cfPl"
tal&for Gen. Taylor, over the higher and nob.er
