1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked and obtained leave, in
putsuance of notice, to introduce a bill granting
the right of way and a donation of public lands to
the State of Illinois, to aid in the construction of
the Central Railroad; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
NOTrCES OP BILLS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or some day thereafter, ask leave to
introduce bills with the following titles, to wit:
A bill for the relief of Joseph P. Williams;
A bill for the relief of Miles Knowlton; and
A bill concerning donation claims to land in the
State of Arkansas.
Mr. FELCH gave notice that he would ask
. leave, at an early day, to introduce a bill to reduce
the minimum price of mineral lands in the Lake
Superior district, in Michigan, and in the Chip-
pewa district, in Wisconsin.
Mr. YULEE gave notice that at an early day
he would ask leave to introduce a bill providing a
retired list for the navy.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would ask
leave to-morrow to introduce a bill to revive a por-
tion of an act for the relief of widows of deceased
soldiers.
Mr. BADGER, gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to direct the payment
to the State of North Carolina of the sum of
$9,382 43, with interest thereon, for moneys ad-
vanced and transportation furnished to the North
Carolina volunteers in the recent war with Mexico.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, gave notice of his in-
tention to bring in a bill granting to the State of
Alabama a right of way and a donation of public
lands, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Selma, on the Alabama river, to Gunter'a Landing,
on the Tennessee.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the more
effectual execution of the third clause of the second
section fourth article of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. MASON said that the title of the bill did
not disclose its purpose, but he would state that its
object was to provide additional accommodation to
the owners of slaves in securing them upon their
capture in other States. It was a bill reported at
the last Congress by the Committee on the Judici-
ary, and he desired to introduce it for the purpose
of again referring it to that committee.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
establishment of a branch mint of the United States
in the city of New York.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Finance,,
to whom was referred a joint resolution suspending
for a limited tirre the limitation upon the expense
of collecting the revenue from customs, reported
the same with amendments.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS,
Ordered, That the said resolution be the order of the day
for to-morrow.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the following resolution, to
wit:
Resolved. That the Committee of Claim? be authorized to
employ a clerk, and that he be allowed such rate of compen-
sation as is usually allowed in such cases;
reported the same without amendment, and recom-
mended its adoption; which was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of Hall J. Kelly, reported against the
printing of the same; which was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Sebastian on the
24th ultimo, which was adopted:
Resolt ed, That tile Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate copies of the report ami map of the
gurvev of the route from Fort Smith, Arkansas, to Santa Fe,
New Mexico, mude under aittboniy ot the War Department,
by Lieuteuaiu Simpson, ot the Corps of Topographical liiii-
gineers,in 1849,
MOTION TO ADJOURN TO MONDAY.
Mr. BADGER. I know of nothing that ia now
pending before the Senate, nor of the business be-
tween the two Houses, which requires that the
Senate should deviate from the usual rule that is
qbserved at the early period of every session, of
adjourning over from Thursday until Monday, and
unless the honorable Senator from Michigan de-
sires particularly to call up for consideration his
resolution respecting the suspension of diplomatic
intercourse with Austria, I shall move that when
the Senate adjourns, it stand adjourned to Monday
next.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that motion will not be
adopted. I had the honor this morning to report
a resolution which, from the peculiar position at
the present moment of the laws relating to the rev-
enue, all will concede demands the action of Con-
gress at as early a period as possible. It was with
this view that I made the motion for making that
resolution the special order of the day for to-mor-
row. The condition of the whole treasury system
calls imperiously for very early action on the part
of Congress. If the Senate adjourn over till Mon-
day, I know not when it will be possible to come
at it, and I indulged the hope thatfmaking it the
special order for to-morrow would enable us to
take some action upon it without unnecessary
delay.
Mr. BADGER. At the time I made the motion
to adjourn over I was not aware of the circum-
stance that the resolution of the gentleman had
been made the special order for to-morrow. I cer-
tainly deem it important that the Senate should
decide upon the subject embraced in that joint res-
olution, one way or the other. I am not desirous
of pressing a motion of this kind to the prevention
of any necessary business. I will, therefore, with-
draw the motion.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire if the resolution
of the honorable gentleman from Vermont has
been ordered to be printed. It certainly ought to
be printed. (
Mr. PHELPS. It will be printed as a matter
of course.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It appears to me
that the day named for the consideration of the
resolution is too early a day. The intervening
period is far too short where a question of so much
importance is concerned. There are perhaps but
few persons, save those who are members of the
' Finance Committee, who are sufficiently acquainted
with the present condition of the treasury and the
revenue system, as it has been carried on in dif-
ferent parts of the United States, to be able to tell
what expenditures have been made in the last four
years, and what the necessary and unavoidable
expenses of collecting the revenue are. It seems
to me that we shall be better enabled to decide this
matter after a report shall have been made on the
subject. When we shall have had time to read
that report and see what the expenditure has been,
we shall be better able to determine what amount
will be necessary hereafter.
Mr. PHELPS. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi will excuse me for saying that I think
he misapprehends the purport of this resolution.
The proper time for the consideration which the
Senator desires to give to the subject, will be when
wc come to propose the appropriation. The ob-
ject of the present resolution is merely to relieve
the department until Congress can examine the
subjectand make the proper Appropriation. When-
ever the appropriation is proposed, gentlemen can
take all proper time for an examination of the
subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not mistake
the purpose of the gentleman from Vermont, nor
the object of the resolution when he first intro-
duced it. It was to Suspend the operation of the
lav/ which restricts the amount of the expenditure
in the collection of revenve until the department
might have an opportunity to report to us whether,
in their opinion, the reduction could be advanta-
geously adhered to. To suspend the operation of
the law is tantamount to repealing it finally; and I
am sorry that my friends on that side should be
so startled at a measure of economy of this kind
that they will have nothing to do with it. Try it,
gentlemen, before you condemn it, and see whether
the expenditures may not be reduced without
detriment to the public service.
Mr. DICKINSON. Having been absent from
the Senate at the time when this resolution was
offered, I have not participated in the proceedings
in relation to it. A number of the members of
the committee last evening agreed substantially to
the proposition contained m this resolution. With
some little amendment that I suggested, I finally
agreed' that itshoald be reported, reserving to my-
self the right, however, if I should deem proper
hereafter, upon a further examination of the ques-
tion, to withhold my assent: I have not yet had
an opportunity of examining it, and therefore I
should be glad, if it will not interfere with the acr
tion of the Senate upon the question, to have, aa
opportunity of examining it a little morefully, for-
1 assented to it with this qualified view, 9s .did
many others. Having been absent myself, I will
not make any-particular motion in reference to it.
I assented to its being reported, in order that we
might have it before the Senate for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now,no
question before the Senate in relation to the reso-
lution.
Mr. HALE. I renew the motion made by the
Senator from North Carolina, that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question upon that motion was then put,
and upon a division it was negatived—ayes 21,
noes 22.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
Mr. CASS gave notice that he should to-morrow
ask for the consideration of the resolution submit-
ted by him on the 24th ultimo, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending dip-
lomatic relations with Austria.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to notify the Senate that,
on Monday next, I expect to ask for the consid-
eration of the resolution, now upon the table, in-
troduced by me, asserting the expediency of es-
tablishing at this session a territorial government
for California, Deseret, and New Mexico. I trust
Senators will come prepared to give their views at
that time, and that no opposition will then be made
to its consideration.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the resolutien sub-
mitted by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
with regard to the suspension of diplomatic inter-
course with Austria, be printed; and also the reso-
lution of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote,] with regard to providing a territorial
government in California, Deseret, and New Mex-
ico.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from New York
withdraw his motion so far as relates to the reso-
lution of the Senator from Mississippi, in order
that I may offer an amendment with a view to have
it printed with the resolution ?
Mr. CASS. I did not ask for the printing of
the resolution which I offered. It was only a line
and a half. I trust it is impressed upon the hearts
of all the Senators.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not on mine. It is not
on my memory at least.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves that the resolution presented by
the Senator from Michigan be printed.
Mr. CASS. I am very much obliged to the
Senator from New York. 1 will second the mo-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I make the same motion with
reference to the resolution of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. HALE. I shall be prepared with an
amendment, if the Senator will defer that motion
for a few minutes.
Mr. FOOTE. I must be permitted to express
my acknowledgments to the Senator lrom New
York for his extreme complaisance in moving to
print my resolution. 1 am so much penetrated
with it that I shall embrace the earliest opportu-
nity to show the regard I entertain for the favor
by treating him according to the lex talionis.
Mr. HALE then moved to amend by adding the
following:
"Securing to the inhabitants of those Territories all the
privileges and liberties secured £0 the inhabitants of the
Northwest Teintory by the ordinance of July 13, 1787."
Mr. FOOTE. If it be not out of order, I beg
leave to remark that 1 should certainly have intro-
duced the phraseology of the amendment of the
gentleman frflhi New Hampshire into the original
resolution if I had supposed that the inhabitants of
those Territories would not have all the privileges
and liberties securred to them under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that could be possibly
secured by extending to the region which they
occupy the ordinance of 1787. But being of a
wholly different opinion from the Senator frota
