1&5G.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ingly desirous that a bill from the Senate, now on
the Speaker's table, providing for the erection of
« custom house in the city of Bangor, should be
taken up, in order that it might be referred to the
Committee on Commerce. The House would
bear Jijm witness thai he liad not heretofore tres-
passed on its patience. The bill was of some
importance, and as he merely proposed that it
should be taken up and referred, he hoped th$t
the unanimous consent of the House would be
given for that purpose.
The SPEAKER put the question as a motion
that, by unanimous consent, the bills from the
Senate on the Speaker's table should be taken i>p
and referred.
Mr. JONES. I object to any reference.
So the motion of Silr. Stetson was not enter-
tained.
Mr. BAYLY. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Messrs. ROOT, PRESTON KING, and others,
demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers on
taking the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Mc&ueen,
of South Carolina, and Root, of Ohio, were ap-
pointed.
And the question having been put.^he vote
stood, in favor of taking the yeas and nays 41,
rjoes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 94, nays 88; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashmun, Bennett, Bingbdm, Booth, Burrjisys, Thomas ii.
Builer. Jo.-eph Cable, Cartfr, Oasey, Chandler, Cole, Con-
ger, Corwm, Ciowell, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Fowler, Fuller,
Giddm('s, Goodenow, Gorman, Golt, Gould, Grmnell, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Henry, Hong-
land Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Julian, Daniel
P. Kin */aines G. Kinc, John A. King, Preston Kins, l.el-
fler, Littlefleld, Horace'Marin, Matteson, Meachnm, Moore,
Morris, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee,
Peck, Phelps, Pitman, Poner. I'ninain, Iteed, Reynold*,
Richardson, Kisley, Rockwell, Roie,ltumsey, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Sehenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, E G.
Suaulding, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strom!,
Sweetser, Taylor, William Thompson, Tuck, Underbill,
Van Dyke, Walden, Wentworth. Whittlesey, Wilurick,
Wilmur, Wilson, Wintlnop, and Wood—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, liajlv, Bissell, Bocock,
Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd, Breck, Brigjs, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Bart, Cheoier Butler, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Clat ke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcoek,
Deberrv. Dnnmick, Duncan, Edmund^on, Nathan Evans,
Ewin«," Featlierston, Fitch, Freedley, Green, Hall, Hamil-
ton, rfammond, Haral-oii, Isliam G. Harris, S. W. Harus,
Ilay, Hajin-lid, Hebaid, Hibhard, Hilliard, Holladay, Hub-
bard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La S6re, Job Mann, Mar-
shall, Mason, McClernand, Robert M. McLane, Finis E
MeLean, McQueen, McWillie, Miller, Mlllsoil, Morse,
Morton, Outlaw, Parkei, Phcemx, Powell, Robbnis, Robin-
son, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Sheppetd, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Ricliard H. Stanton. Alex. H. Stephens, Thomas,
Jdcoh Thompson, James Thompson, Thiamin, Venable,
Yinton, Waldo, Waikins, Wellborn, White, Williams, and
\Voo,dvvaid—66-
[Mr. ROOT, when his name was called, stated
that he had paired olT, until half-past one, with Mr.
Ora, of South Carolina.]
CALIFORNIA.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bovd,
of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the California question.
The amendment offered yesterday by Mr. St4N-
ton, of Tennessee, and which had been renewed
by Mr. Baker, was withdrawn. -
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, renewed the
amendment, which was as follows:
«Pro iicd, however, That it shall be no obstacle to the
admission into the Union ol any State which may Hereafter
be formed out of the territory lying south of the, parallel of
latitude of 36° 30', that the constitution ol said atate may
authorize or establish African slavery therein.
Mr. T. said he had renewed the amendment for
the purpose of making one or two remarks, chiefly
m reply to those submitted yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] I (con-
tinued Mr. T.) then attempted to get the floor. 1
regretted to hear the remarks of that gentleman,
not because the argument, or anything he said,
related to myself, but because f regretted the effect
pioduced by the speech. 1 believe, and I am will-
in^ to avow my belief, that the Democratic party
is responsible in a great degree for the introdnc-
; tion of these territories. I believe they are in jus-
tice bound, as patriots, to do all which it may be
'; in their power to do to settle these questions. I
;; beiieye that if they bad done so immediately upon
the acquisition of these territories, they would
, now have been in the ascendancy, and would at
this moment have beet) invested with the power of
j this Government. But, at the same time, it is to
i bp remembered that during the last presidential
j election, this was made a prominent question of
; discussion. The Democratic party having failed
j to settle it, the country, panting as it was for a
, settlement, released that party from all responsi-
1 biiity, and the responsibility then devolved upon
: the Whig party. And I appeal to the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to say, whether he
does not feel that a heavy responsibility rests upon
that party for the settlement of the question in a
, manner amicable, just, and satisfactory to all por-
1 tions of the Union?
j Does not the gentleman feel that almost the en-
I tire responsibility rests upon that party for the
|; settlement of this question? Does he not know
that when General Taylor was a candidate for the
Presidency, his election was advocated upon the
broad ground that he was to be trusted with the
settlement of this question, in preference to the
Democratic candidate, General Cass? And I ask
him, can he justify his own friends in refusing
any settlement of this question, except by the
enactment of the Wilmot proviso, or by doing
that which is equivalent, the continuance of the
military government in that country, under the di-
rection of the President, until the South shall
have been entirely excluded—thus practically car-
rying out the Wilmot proviso as effectively as
though it were enacted into a law ? Will the gen-
tleman justify his Whig friends in thus attempting
to be uiyust upon this subject? I do not wish to
raise any tissue with the gentleman upon this sub-
ject; on the contrary, 1 am willing that by-gones
should be by-gones; I am willing that my record
should be made up, and the gentleman's record
should be made up, and I have no wish to open it
now. I do not wish to recur to the past, because
in so doing we would each find that which wot|ld
be made the subject of party recrimination and
violent remark; but I do hope that if we can agree
upon any great measure which will give peace
and quietness to the country, we will, for a while
at least, lay down our party armor. I do not wish
to vindicate myself at this time for the votes I have
given, having always acted in accordance with the
principles of the Missouri compromise, and with
the hope that all parts of the country would be
just, that all parties would be patriotic, and that a
settlement would finally be made which should
be such as to give peace and quietness to the whole
country and secure the rights and the equality of
all the States.
Mr. OLDS interposed, and inquired if the gen-
tleman from Mississippi had voted for the Mis-
souri compromise—in the annexation of Texas?
Mr. THOMPSON. -I did vote for the Missouri
compromise in the annexation of Texas. I am
glad'my friend recurs to the matter. It was then
asserted and understood by the whole country—at
least by all the friends of Texas—who were the
Democratic party—that that line should be the
line of division to the Pacific, and we immediate-
ly acted up to that great principle, when we came
to orgafnze a territorial government for Oregon.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have but a
word to say in reply to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, pending
the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Mississippi.
Mr. THOMPSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment for the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. I renew it. I have but a
word, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. THUHMAN rose to a point of order, and
sent up to the Chair, in writing, thj following:
Mr. Thurman raises the point ol order, that when a gen-
tleman has spoken five minutes, and the floor is given to
another «enUeman, the ibiiner gentleman not being enutleu
to the floor, lias no light to withdraw the amendment.
The reporter did not understand that the point
of order tffcs pressed at this time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, renewed the
amendment, and said that he had but a few words
te offer in reply to the gentleman from ftd^stssippi,
[Mr. Thompson.] He would telj him candidly,
that lie was utterly .opposed, to keeping these ter-
ritories under military governments. There was
no day, during the last tw,o sessions of Congress,
that he would not have voted to impeach Mr.
Polk for tlie erection or establishment of those
governments. It was dons without the authority
of l w, and i  violation of the Constitution of the
United States, as he firmly believed, as he had
often declared on this flopr, and as he believed
eyery Whig \fho was then here w«s ready to
vote. His (Mr. S.'s) past course and position
upon this subject could not be forgotten or mis-
taken. The creation of these civil governments,
even in time of war, by the authority of the Pres-
ident of the United States, he held to be ef most
glaring and dangerous usurpation of power, and
it deserved the rebuke and condemnation of Con-
gress at the time. But it was then defended by
the friends of the President, as a war measure.
He derived his power (he and they said) from the
" laws of nations and the rights of war." Nobody
preten,ded that such governments could or ought
to be maintained in time of peace. And the only
way that he got out of the difficulty, at the termi-
nation of the war, was to assume the position that
the governments were rightfully instituted in time
of war, as war measures, and that, though they
ceased to exist as such on the conclusion of peace,
yet that, as they were the existing governments
at the time of peace, they could continue to exist,
under the laws of nations, as governments </e
facto, until others were organized, in this light
they were recognized by him after the peace;
and in this condition the present Administration
found them.
Mr. S. said he did not deem it necessary for
him to state what course he thought it would
have been proper for the present Administration
to take towards them. Finding the governments
existing there as they did, perhaps those in au-
thority could not have done better than to con-
tinue to recognize them as governments de facto,
until they should be superseded by others in-
stituted by competent authority. The present
Administration, therefore, he did not think were to
blame for the -present slate of things; hut he
wished it distinctly understood, that he did not ap-
prove, and he never couJd be brought to sanction
the policy of having these territories, in time of
peace, under military sway and rule. It was con-
trary to the first principles of republican constitu-
tional liberty. (Jpon the acquisition of these terri-
tories—upon the ratification Of the treaty—the
government of them devolved upon Congress, and
it was the duty of Congress, either to allow the
people there to govern themselves according to
their choice, or to provide a government for them
suitable to their condition. And in candor, he
would say to the gentleman from Mississippi, that
those Whigs, in his opinion, whotnow avow the
extraordinary policy of leaving the territories
under a military government m time of peace, are
strangely inconsistent with the position that they
and he occupied two years ago, when they held
up for public condemnation such a course of policy
even in time of war. We live in a Government of
laws and under a written Constitution, and from
neither of which is any authority possessed by
the President to maintain military governments
over any portion of our territories. The whole
idea is revolting to every one who has a proper
appreciation of the value of American liberty.
But, said Mr. S., the gentleman from Missis-
sippi has alluded to the late canvass for the Presi-
dency, and says that while General Cass was
openly against the Wilmot proviso, that the people
of the'South had preferred GeneralTaylor, because
they were more willing to trust him with the
settlement of these questions than General Cass;
and hence he argues, that the responsibility has
passed from the Democratic party to the Whig
party of adjusting them. He (Mr. S.) wished
simply to say, that he believed other consider-
ations had much more to do with the late presi-
dential election than these difficult questions.
The very policy that brought these difficulties
upon us, was one of the main reasons that in-
duced him to take such an active part in the over-
throw of the late Administration. It was true,
General Cass was opposed to the Wilmot proviso,
and he (Mr. S.) had never, on this floor or before
his constituents, attempted to represent liitn other-
wise. He had generously g.w$ri)ed to him all
