1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
the merit that he was entitled to for that posi-
tion. But he had stated, what he would now say
to the gentleman from Mississippi, that the posi-
tion of General Cass was no better, if it was not
worse, for the interests of the South, <han an open
advocacy of the proviso itself; for General Cass
held, that slavery did not exist in these territo-
ries—that it never could go there—and that it was
not within the constitutional power of Congress
to make provision for its extension or protection
there. This was the purport of General Cass's
Nicholson letter. This was his (Mr. S.'s) under-
standing of it at the time. He never misrepre-
sented him. He knew it was read one way at the
Northland another at the South*, but he had never
in his* life done General Cass the slightest inten-
tional injustice on this subject. He represented
his position fairly, as he understood it, and just as
General Cass himself had stated it a few days ago,
in the Senate. He there said, on Tuesday last,
after reviewing the Nicholson letter:
"And am I not right in saying, that whatever otlier quali-
ties* he may want, a man, with my letter before him, who
could say that I never took the ground that slavery could not
exist in the new territories, does not want moral courage ?"
How anybody could candidly have come to any
other conclusion at the time was a wonder to me.
Now I say to the gentleman from Mississippi, that
neither m the canvass, nor in this House before
or since, nor before my constituents or the people
of Georgia, before nor since these acquisitions
h ive I countenanced any imposition upon this sub-
ject, North or South. I have been for fair, open
dealing. I did not desire to deceive or cheat any-
body, and I did not intend to be deceived or cheated
by anybody. I do not say that General Cass
intended any such thng. I think his letter was
clear and explicit; and it amounted to this, that the
Wilmot proviso was already over the country,
both by tne laws of the land and the laws of na-
ture, and that it was not within the power of
Congress to temove it. Of course, according to
his viewsand policy, the South would be excluded
from any participation in the territories acquired
from Mexico. Hence I could not endorse him
and his policy upon this subject, if I had agreed
with him upon all other questions. I have from
the beginning been, as the gentleman from Missis-
sippi says he is, in favor of the extension of the
Missouri compromise line, or some other fair and
just division of the territory. But I want no di-
vision which will not give as ample protection and
security to the South in the enjoyment of her
portion as it does to the North. The extension
of the Missouri compromise without the recogni-
tion of slavery south of that line and all necessary
protection, would, in my opinion, be a perfect mock-
ery of right,—just as much so as the doctrine of
" non-intervention." This was my position two
years ago upon this floor, and upon which I then
declared I should stand or fall. 1 hold that upon
the acquisition of these territories, their govern-
ment devolved upon Congress, and that it was
the duty of Congress to pass all necessary laws for
the fair and equal enjoyment of them by all the
people of r^e United States, or such of them as
miiiht go there with their property of every de-
scription.
As a difference of opinion exists between the
North and South upon the subject of slavery, T
thought, and still think, that for the purpose of
such equal and just enjoyment a division of the
territory would be best. That Congress had power
to pass all such laws I never doubted—indeed I
was amazed at the position of those who claimed
the constitutional ri^ht to carry and hold slaves
there and yet denied to Congress the power to
pass laws for the protection of their rights. The
doctrine of "non-intervention" denied that power.
I understand the gentleman from Mississippi now
to be in favor of the extension of the Missouri
line, with a recognition and protection of our rights
south of the line. And yet he will allow me to
tell him, that according to the doctrine of General
Cass and the whole party to which he belonged
two years ago, such a compromise or settlement
would be an unconstitutional act, for they denied
the power of Congress to pass any such law. For
myself, I have always maintained that the South
had an undoubted right to an equal participation
in these territories, and that it was the duty of
Congress to see to it that that right was properly
secured and protected. It is true these opinions
of mine were held by many, two years ago, to be
hetrodoxical, and even dangerous. But I have the
gratification now of seeing them fast becoming the
common sentiments of men of all parties at the
South. Conscious of the right then, 1 was willing
for time to vindicate the truth. So much for the
remarks of the gentleman from Mississippi. And
in conclusion I repeat to him, I am opposed to the
continuance of military governments in these ter-
ritories—they are anti-republican, and inconsistent
with the first principles upon which our Govern-
ment rests. I am for a settlement of all these sec-
tional questions if they can be settled consistently
with the rights and interests of the people of my
State. It has been said that I opposed the settle-
ment twff years ago. I did—and if I were to
judge from the debates in this and the other end of
the Capitol, I should find abundance of evidence to
justify me in that opposition, even out of the
mouths of some of the very men who were dis-
posed to censure me for the course I then took.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Georgia withdraw the amendment ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will withdraw it if the
gentleman will renew it.
Mr WENTWORTH said he would renew the
amendment, to enable him to say a word. He
feared that the debate between the two parties in
the South might place gentlemen from the North,
who went for the admission of Texas, in a very
false position. He had been for Texas from the
beginning; the Democratic party had been for
Texas.
Mr. ASHMUN (interposing) rose to a point
of order, and called on the Chair to enforce the
rule, that gentlemen in making their five minutes'
speecl\£s shall be confined to an explanation of
their amendments.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why did not the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts call the gentleman from
Georgia, on his side, [Mr. Stephens,] to order,
instead of allowing that gentleman to go on with-
out objection, and now objecting to my colleague's
proceeding? •
Mr. ASHMUN. Because I did not call the
gentleman from Mississippi, on the gentleman's
side, [Mr. Thompson,] to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
on various occasions the debate has wandered
very wide indeed from the question immediately
before the committee; but in five minutes' expla-
nations, it is utterly impossible for the Chair to
undertake to confine gentlemen immediately to the
line, or within the line, of legitimate debate, and the
Chair is not disposed to attempt so impossible a
task. The Chair, therefore, does not sustain the
point of order made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. ASHMUN. I called the gentleman to
order; does the Chair decide that he is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
¥r. ASHMUN". Then I appeal from the de-
cision. My point of order is, that the gentleman,
instead of explaining his amendment, is discussing
the question of the annexation of Texas, the con-
duct of the Democratic and Whig party, and the
result of the war.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have not said a word
about the war.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading of
the amendment: which was read.
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the
rule authorizing five minutes' speeches; which
was read, as follows:
"34. No member shall occupy more than one hour in
de.baie on anv question, in the House, or 111 the committee;
but a member, reporting the measure under consideration
from a committee, may open and close debate: Provided,
That where debate is closed by order of the House, any
member shall he allowed, in committee, five minutes to
explain any amendment he may offer."
The CHAIRMAN. This rule is stringent in
its provisions; but in five minutes it would be ex-
tremely difficult for the Chair to determine what
use the gentleman from Illinois might make of the
remarks which he has submitted, in reference to
the Missouri compromise, and the annexation of
Texas. The Chair did not feel it to be his duty
to call the gentleman to order, or to sustain the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. STRONG. I understood the gentleman
from Illinois to propose to submit remarks against
the amendment which he offers; if this is the ease,
I submit that he is out of order.
The question, " Shall the opinion of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and
The CHAIR suited that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. ASHMUN asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Oorwin and
Beale were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 77, noes 80.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the remarks which Mr. Wentworth had com-
menced were declared to be out of order
Mr. WENTWORTH (still retaining the floor)
asked now to have the amendment read. He was
not going to speak upon it; he was going to call
for a vote. He said he preferred to have the point
of order made on himself to any other man, as he
believed the whole debate out of order, and had
no desire to speak himself or hear others. He
thought the day for speaking had passed, and that
it was the duty of Congress to vote now, and do
nothing else but vote. There were somethings,
however, which he would like to explain, about
the admission of Texas; yet he would rather they
would go unexplained to the end of time, than
have this omnibus debate continued.
The amendment was read accordingly.
Mr. VAN DYKE. 1 rise to a point of order.
I make the peint, the amendment is not germane
or relevant to the subject before this committee.
I understand the question before the committee to
be, a'bill for the admission of California as a State
into this Union, with the limits and bounds pre-
scribed By her constitution: the amendment re-
lates to a State which gentlemen intend to have
framed out of territory lying south of 36° 30', and,
of course, not the State of California at all. It re-
lates, therefore, to a matter not now before the
committee, and is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman that
the question was not debatable; and he overruled
the point of order.
Mr. VAN DYKE appealed from the decision.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Will the Chair
be good enough to inform the committee whether
the pending amendment is not an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri? *
The CHAIR.- It is.
Mr. MeLANE. Then I desire that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri shall be read.
The CHAIRMAN said, that every gentleman
would undaubtedly recollect that the first proposi-
tion before the committee was the bill offered by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,] to
admit California as a State. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Green] had moved an amendment
to that bill; the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Hilliard] had proposed to strike out a part of
thatamendmentjimd thegentleman fromTennessee
[Mr. Stanton] had moved to amend the matter
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. McCLEKNAND asked that the various
amendments be read.
They were read accordingly.
The CHAIRMAN desired the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to state to what partic-
ular portion of the amendment his amendment
belonged.
Mr. STANTON said, it was to come in at the
close of the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Green]—of the part proposed to
be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understood.
After a brief conversation between Mr. Yaw
Dyke and the Chairman,
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. McMULLEN addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question re-
curred on the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] and that no debate
wa? in order whilst the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] adhered to his amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, as he had, as an
act of courtesy on the part of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] received this amend-
ment at his hands, he (Mr. W.) would return it to
him.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. McMULLEN desired to know if it was in
order to move to lay aside this subject to take up
something else ?
