1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wti
business under the resolution heretofore adopted
in relation to the election of a Clerk ?
The SPEAKER said, that in the opinion of the
Chair, the business first in order would be the ex-
ecution of the order in relation to the election of
officers of the House. ,
Mr. THOMPSON. Then no motion is neces1
sary.
The SPEAKER said, he thought not.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
John S. Littel, contesting the seat of John Rob-
bins, jr., of Pennsylvania; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the execution of the order of the House in re-
lation to the election of officers.
Mr. WHITE inquired of the Speaker, whether
the resolution made this business the special order
for any other day than that named in the resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER Said, that the terms of the res-
olution, as he now remembered them, confined the
order to yesterday. The question was one, how-
ever, which related to the organization of the
House. As such, in the opinion of the Chair, it
had precedence over other business, and would
come up as the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WHITE suggested that the House was al-
ready organized. A Speaker had been elected, and
there was a Clerk who held over until another
should be elected. He thought that, under a
proper construction of the rule, this was no longer
the special order. He desired to give notice of a |
bill; and, if the special order came up, he could
not do so.
The SPEAKER said, that under the rule of the
House the gentleman could enter his notice at any
time.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, said, that
as a number of members were absent, he would
move, for the purpose of enabling absent gentle-
men to participate in the election of officers, that
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays on the question of postponement;
which were ordered.
Mr. WILSON addressed the Speaker.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether there was not a rule requiring a vote of
two thirds to postpone the execution of the order ?
The SPEAKER said, that the vote of a majori-
ty only was required.
Mr. WILSON then said, that yesterday evening
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Ayerett] had
received a telegraphic dispatch, informing him that
sickness in his family required his immediate
presence at home. On that gentleman's applica-
tion, he (Mr. W.) had consented to pair off with
him; and, for that reason, he should decline an-
swering to his name.
The question on the motion of Mr. Hampton
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 98, nays 97—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Ashmun, Bennett, Bokee, Breck, Briggs, Burrows, Cheater
Butler, Thomas B. Butler,J. P. Caldwell,Calvin,Campbell,
Ca«ey, Chandler, Clingman, Cole, Conger,Corwin, Crowell,
Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Durkee, A. Evans, N.
Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Grin-
nell Halloway, Hampton. Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry,
Holmes,Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson. Jas. L. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King Preston King, Levin, H Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McGauahey, McKissock, F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ilisley, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Ramsey, Sackett, 'Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
SUepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg, Spraxue, Stanly, A. H. Ste-
phens, T. Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wii-
mot. and Winthrop—98. „ , .
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Beale, Bingham,
Bissell, Booth. Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Bnel, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Williamson R. W.Cobb, Dim-
mick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
Fuller, GUmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Hubbard, Inge,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La
Sfere Leffler, UttlefiBld, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand,
McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen! McCHieeii, McWillie, Meade, Miller, MUlson,
Morris. Morse, Old?, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps,
Potter Powell, Richardson. Rohbins, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age SawteHe, Seddon, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, SteK
® ' H|,ons Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
WifliSm Thom^nn,'Venable, Walden', Waldo Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and Young—97.
The SPEAKER announced that the further con-
sideration of the subject was postponed until Mon-
day next.
The SPEAKER then announced that the first
business in order would be the call of committees
for reports.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and
said, he insisted that under the rule of the House
the Speaker should vote; (that is to say, on the
question of postponement just decided.)
The SPEAKER. The question has been de-
cided.
[To make the point raised by Mr. Thompson
intelligible to the general reader, it should be stated
that there is a rule of the House prescribing the
cases in which the Speaker shall or may vote.
That rule is in the following words:
" In all eases of election by the House, the Speaker
shall vote; in other cases he shall not vote, unless the House
be equally divided, or unless his vote, if given to the minor-
ity, will make the decision equal; and in case of such equal
division, the question shall be lost."]
Mr. THOMPSON said he supposed that any
member might insist on the Speaker's voting when
his vote would affect the result.
The SPEAKER. The result has been an-
nounced. It is too late for the Speaker to vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether it would be in order to present petitions ?
The SPEAKER said it was not now in order
to call for petitions. During the first thirty days
of the session, the presentation of petitions was in
order every day. But that time had expired.
Mr. "WILLIAMS said he was under the im-
pression that the spirit of the rule was, that pe-
titions should be presented for thirty days after
the organization of the House.
The SPEAKER said that the language of the
resolution was otherwise. It was " the first thirty
days of the session."
Mr. WILLIAMS said he had some petitions
which he had not had an opportunity of present-
ing, and which he was anxious now to present.
The SPEAKER said the petitions could go in to
the Clerk's table at any time under the rule.
The conversation ended.
Mr. WINTHROP (imperfectly heard in the
distance) was understood to say, that he had un-
derstood the Chair as deciding that the first thirty
days of the session had expired, and that, there-
fore, it was not in order to present petitions every
day that the rule prescribing that petitions should
be called for every day during the first thirty days
was no longer in operation. It seemed to htm
(Mr. W.) that a parliamentary question was in-
volved in this decision—the question whether
there was any session of the House whiist there
was no Speaker—whether the House could be
said to be in session, as contemplated by the Con-
stitution of the United States or the rules of the
House, whilst there was no organization.
According to an old maxim of the civil law—a
maxim dear to us as republicans, and to freemen all
over the world—every interpretation should be
made in favor of liberty, of freedom, and of the
rights of the people. And it seemed to him that the
Chair would do well to consider whether this same
right of petition, which was intended to be main-
tained and vindicated by the rule of the House
which allowed thirty days for their introduction,
was to be done away with by the construction now
given to it—that the House was in session when
there was no Speaker and no organization, and that
the right had been exercised during a period when
there was in fact no power to exercise it. He would
not make the formal question of order; he would
merely call the attention of the Chair to it, so that
if the decision had not been made deliberately, or
if the Speaker desired to look into the precedents,
he might have an opportunity of doing so. .
After an inquiry by Mr. JOHNSON, of Ten-
nessee, on the point whether there was not a rule
under which every member could file his petitions-
Mr. STANLY, with entire respect (he said) to
the Chair, and in order that the important point
involved in the decision of the Speaker might be
settled by the House, appealed from the decision.
Mr. McCLERNAND took the floor.
The SPEAKER said that the question, as it re-
lated to the construction of a rule concerning the
order of business, was not debatable. The ques-
tion was on the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he bad risen to say
a few words in reply to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop.]
The SPEAKER repeated that the appeal wa*
not debatable. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Winthrop] had made no remarks on
the appeal; but had merely suggested) under the
general acquiescence of the House, a point of
order for the consideration of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the reading of tbe
last clause of the rule referred to by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
The SPEAKER said it could only be read by
unanimous consent.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected.
Mr. SCHENCK said ne.had asked for the
reading of that portion of the rule, to show that
members would be at the mercy of the Speaker,
and would not present petitions under their own
rights, but only under the rules.
Mr. McCLERNAND ipterposed and called to
order.
The part of the rule referred to was then read,
as follows: !
" And if any petition or memorial be so handed in, which,
in the judgment of the Speaker, is excluded by the rules,
the same shall be returned to the member from whom it was
received."
The SPEAKER stated the question to be, on
sustaining the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called for the
reading of the first clause of the twenty-fourth
rule; which was read; as follows:
" Petitions, memorials, and other papers addressed to the
House, shall be presented by the Speaker, or by a member
in his place; a brief statement of the contents thereof shall
be made verbally by the introducer; they shall not be de-
bated on the day of their being presented; nor on any day
assigned by the House for the receipt of petitions after the
fiist thirty days of the session, unless where the House shall
dtrect otherwise, but shall lie on the table, to be taken up in
the order in which they were presented. Members having
petitions and memorials to present may hand them to the
Clerk, indorsing the same with their names, and the refer-
ence or disposition to be made thereof; and such petitions
and memorials shall be entered on the Journal, subject to
the control and direction of the Speaker."
Mr. McL. also called for the reading of the sec-
ond paragraph of the 4th section of the Constitu-
tion, which was read, as follows:
"The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on the first Monday in De-
cember, unless they shall by law appoint a different day."
After an inquiry by Mr. ROOT whether the
real question before the House was not whether
the session commenced on the first Monday of
December—
Mr. DUER said, the question before the House
was one of some importance, and not merely a
question of order. It involved a constitutional
question—whether, when they came here, they
were or were not a House, competent to legisla-
tive duties, having no Speaker ?
The SPEAKER interposing, said debate was
not in order.
Mr. DUER, (continuing.) While we were here
in session 
. Mr. McCLERNAND called to order.
Mr. DUER expressed the hope that the appeal
would be withdrawn, so as to leave the question
open for consideration hereafter.,
Mr. HOUSTON hoped, he said, that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] would
be allowed to submit his remarks. The question
was a new one.
Mr, DISNEY suggested some inquiries con-
nected with several of the rules, to which he was
referring, when the Speaker ruled all remarks out
of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the yeas and nays
on the question; which were ordered.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Speaker stand as the judgment of the House.'"
was then taken and decided in the affirmative
yeas 114, nays 91—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Bayly, Beale,
Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Buwdon, Bowliti, Boyd, A. G.
Brown, Buel, Burt, J. Cable, G. A. Caldwell J. P. Cald-
well, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, W. R- w._Cobb, Col-
cock, Cole. Conrad, Dimimek, Duer, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
mundson, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan^ Ew.ng Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Green, Haekett, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond Haralson, Harlan, Harmauson, Isham G. Hams,
Sampson W Harris. Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holladay,
Hou&on, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, James
I Intinson K. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfcre,
Leffler littlefield, Job Mann, Ma«on, McClernand, Mc-
Donald' McGanghey,MCLanahan,E. M. McLane, FinisE.
MoT?eauMcMlSlen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
Wilson Orr,'Owen, Parker, Peaslee Phel|ls Pit-
ma* Potter, Powell, Eichardson, Rohbins, Robinson, Rose,
Stow' Savage-Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd.F. P Stanton,
R H Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
