102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
Thompson, Toombs, Venahle, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Watki nsr Wellborn, Willmms, Wood ward, and Young—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Ashmun, Bocock, Boptli. Breck, Briggs, Brooks, William J.
Brown, Burrows, C. Butler, T. B. Butler, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cotiger, Corwin, Crowell,
Deberry, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Feather-
Bton, Fowler, Freedley, Gidduigx, Goodenow, Gott, Crm-
Will, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Havmond, Hebard, Henry,
Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Julian, Daniel P. King, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King,
Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson. McDowell, MeKissock,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morris, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Outlaw, Peck, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, .Risley,
Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermcr-
horn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, |Stanly,
T. Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck,
Underhill, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Winthrop,
and Wood—91.
So the House affirmed the decision of the
speaker.
, Mr. ROBINSON said that he was opposed
to the transaction of any legislative business until
the House was organized; and looking to the
course of the opposition in this House yesterday
and to-day, it was, he thought, manifest that
it was their intention to stave off organization in
order to keep their own men in office* He saw
no other mode of forcing an organization than by
declining to transact legislative business until that
object was effected. And as the House had post-
poned until Monday the further execution of its
order for the election of officers, he would move
that the House adjourn to that day.
But Mr. R. waived the motion, at the request
of
Mr. fNGE, who rose, he said, to a question of
privilege. The act of 1789 contained the follow-
ing provision:
(c Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That at the first ses-
sion of Congress after every general election of Repiesenta-
tives, the oath or affirmation aforesaid shrill be administered
by anv one member of the House of Representatives to^he
Speaker; and by him to all the members present, and to (he
Clerk, previous to entering on any other business; arid to
the members who shall afterwards appear, previous to taking
their seats.*'
This act (Mr. I. remarked) was passed at the
first session of Congress under the Constitution,
with a view of carrying out the requirements of
that instrument. It required that the members
should be sworn; it required the election of officers;
and it prescribed when and how these necessary
preliminaries should be performed. If this act was
obligatory upon the House, unquestionably the
House must fulfill all its provisions; and after the
Speaker and members shall have been sworn, the
act said that the House should enter on the election
of Clerk before proceeding to any other business.
The Clerk was to be sworn. Now, this provision
could not refer to the old Clerk, for he had already
been sworn. Of course he must be elected before
he could be sworn.
After an inquiry by Mr. SCHENCK, as to the
object of Mr. Inge's remarks—
Mr. INGE moved that the House proceed to the
election of a Clerk, in compliance with the provis-
ions of the act of. 1789.
The SPEAKER decided that the House having
by resolution fixed a day for the election of offi-
cers, the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Ince] was out of order.
Mr. ROBINSON appealed from this decision.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He submitted that it was not in order
for the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Inge] to
make the motion. The House had adopted rules
for its government. Under these rules he (Mr.
S.) called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER said he had already ruled the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama to be out
of order, and that from that decision an appeal had
been taken.
Mr. STEPHENS asked the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
Mr. INGE said he would now present the ques-
tion he had raised in a different aspect, to wit:
that it was not competent for the House to proceed
to any other business previous to the election of a
Clerk. He raised this as a question of order.
The SPEAKER said that it was in_ the power
of the House to put,its own construction on this
point. The House had already given a different
construction to it by proceeding to other business.
Mr. ASHMUN rose to a privileged question.
He moved that when.the House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
And then on motion of Mr. ASHMUN, the
House adjourned until Monday next.
The following notices of bills were handed in to
the Clerk under the rule, viz:
By Mr. WHITE: That on to morrow he would ask leave
to introduce a hill to amend an act entitled "An act reducing
the duty on imports, and lor other purposes," approved Au-
gust 3d, 1846.
By Mr. A. G. BROWN: That he would on to-morrow ask
leave to introduce a bill to incorporate the Columbian Man-
ufacturing Company, in the District of Columbia.
Also, a bill to perpetuate the preemption of actual settlers
on the public lauds.
PETITIONS, &C.
The following petitions were presented to the
Clerk, to be entered and referred under the rule:
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of Peter Snook and
others, citizens of Defiance county, Ohio, for a post route
from Defiance to Panama, Ohio.
Ako, the petition of Joseph Barry and others, citizens of
Defiance county, for a post route from Defiance, Ohio, to
Newville, in Indiana ; which were severally referred to the
Commi't^e on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Ateo, the petition of Peter Snook and others, citizens of
Defiance county, Ohio, asking for a reduction in the priee
of the public lands in northwestern Ohio; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Bv Mr. ROBINSON, of Indiana: The petition of James
H. Cravens, and 115 other citizens of Ripley county, Indi-
ana, asking assistance or relief for Thomas Johns and John
Johns, soldiers at Dudley's defeat, and for other soldiers of
the war of 1812,
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Austin
Morgan, register, and Gideon Pitz, receiver of public
moneys at Jackson, Mississippi, praying additional compen-
sation for extraordinary services performed by them; re-
ferred to the Committee on Pubhc Lands.
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial and petition of Wil-
liam Witherle and C. J. Abbott, executors of the will of
James Crawford, praying for indemnity against French spo-
liations prior to the year 1800.
Also, a like memorial of Avis Hatch, widowof M. Hatch.
Also, alike memorial of Mary M. Jelhson and three
! othrrs, heirs-at-Jaw of Joseph Christepeas.
! Also, a like memorial of Zebediah S. Holt, heir-at-law of
| Ambrose Atkins.
I Mr. HAMMOND moved that the petition and-papers of
i Thomas Crown, be withdrawn from the files of the last Con-
Kress in the Clerk's office, and referred to the Committee of
i Claims.
j By Mr. PHELPS : The petition of William Johnson and
140 others, citizens of Sabine aud Lafayette counties, Mis-
souri, praying that a post route be established from Mar-
shall, via Moses Woodpm's, A. Larch's, and William
Druimnond's, to Lexington.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial and petition of P. F.
Schliecker, attorney for John Vangover, administrator de
i bonis non of the estate of John M. Burt, deceased, asking
[ indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Also, a similar memorial from Mary Coiby, widow of
> Thomas M. Corby, deceased; which were referred to the
i Committee of Foreign Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 4, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating the correspond-
ence with the lady of Sir John Franklin, relative
to the expedition under his command to the Arctic
regions, for the discovery of a u northwest pas-
sage;" which was read, ordered to be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of Has-
well L. Colt, late of Baltimore, Maryland, now of
New Jersey, trustee of Lemuel Taylor, late of
Baltimore, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of the
late and present officers of the land office at Pales-
tine, Illinois, asking to be allowed commissions
on'military land warrants entered by them; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and Elisha D.
Whitney; asking payment of certain bonds issued
to them by the Government of Texas, previous to
its annexation to the United States, under a con-
tract for furnishing that Republic with a naval
armament; which, with the papers on the files of
the Senate, was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. S. moved that the petition be printed for
the use of the Senate.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of James Lecaze, late sur-
viving partner of Lecaze and Mallet, asking the
repayment of advances made during the revolu-
tionary war; which, with the papers on file rela-
ting: to the claim, was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of Mark
Bean and R. H. Bean, asking compensation for
certain salt-works of which they were dispossessed
by the Cherokee treaty of 1828; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the
administrator of Thomas Vowell, deceased, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of the late
and present registers and receivers of the land
office at Milwaukie, Wisconsin, asking to be al-
lowed commissions on entries of military bounty
land warrants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of the
heirs of Daniel Hemtress, and the memorial of the
legal representatives of T. M.Shaw, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of cer-
tain citizens of Chautauqnfe and Erie counties,
New York, asking the completion of the harbor of
Cattaraugus, on Lake Erie; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. I>. also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, asking the removal of obstructions in
the Hurfgate channel, in the harbor of New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of William.
G. Buckner, executor of John J. Bulow, jr., ask-
ing compensation for property destroyed by the
Semincle Indians in the Florida war; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Joseph Kingsbury, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of the late
and present registers and receivers of the land of-
fice at Ionia, Michigan, asking to be allowed com-
missions on entries of military bounty land war-
rants; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of Peter
Parker, asking the payment of a balance due him
for diplomatic services near the Government of
China; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relation^.
Mr. WH1TCOMB presented the memorial of
the heirs of Gideon Leet, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. •
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Zeb-
ediah S. Holt, heir of Ambrose Atkins, and the
memorial of the heirs of Joseph Christophers, ask-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of James C.
Wilson, a clerk in the office of the chief engineer
of the army, asking increase of compensation, that
he may be enabled to finish the education of his
children, and have something left to bury him
when dead; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
the representatives of Henry King, deceased, ask-
ing compensation for services in the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the petition of Marv W. Kefcham, on the
file«? of the Senate, be referred to thf> Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the petition of Martin Dubois, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE,
Ordered, That the petition of the representatives of John
Iiudry, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Also, that the petition of Elizabeth Jones, and the other
heir« of John Carr, deceased, and the memorial of Thomp-
son Hutchison, heir of Thomas Hutchison, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, that the petition of the heirs of William Grayson,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the papers re-
