1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
ferred to by tlie honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi in the case of Grayson, have been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and reported
against; and unless some good reason can be given,
or some additional evidence is to be adduced, I
shall object to their being again referred.
Mr. FOOTE. I have to say, in reply to the
honorable Senatorfrom Indiana, that I am informed
by one of the most veflerable men in the Republic,
who has paid particular attention to this claim for
some years past—and I am authorized to Say for'
him—that a good deal of additional evidence has
been obtained; and it is because of this evidence
that this claim is brought forward at this time.
On motion by Mr. WHITCOMB,
Ordered, That the petition of John Devlin, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims,
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN,
Ordered, That Ezra Chapman have leave to withdraw bis
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN,
Ordered, That DemasDeming have leave to withdrawhi3
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That Samuel S. Rind have leave to withdraw his
peution and papers.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, being objected to, lies over one day:
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so modifying the act en-
titled " An act allowing drawback upon foreign merchan-
dise exported in their original packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, in Mexico, and to the British North American
provinces adjoining the United States," approved 3d March,
1845, as to allow the benefit of drawback upon goods ex-
ported to the British provinces by railroads.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate of the number of acres of public land
granted to different States for objects of internal improve-
ment, and the amount of public lands originally contained
in such States, respectively, and the number of acres ne-
cessary to make the grants to each State equal to the maxi-
mum quantity now granted to the State which has received
the greatest quantity.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be directed to com
municate to the Senate a copy of a survey and examination
of the river Savannah, made by Martin L. Smith, lieuten-
ant of Topographical Engineers, with a view to the im-
provement of the said river, and the estimates accompany-
ing the same.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
more effectual execution of the 3d clause of the 2d
section of the 4th article of the Constitution of the
United States; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. M., in introducing the bill, said, this is
the same bill which was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary at .both sessions of the last
Congress.
Mr. DAWSON called for the reading of the bill,
and it was read accordingly.
Mr. MASON. It will be proper, perhaps, to
ask that the bill be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate. I would at the same time, sir, ask respect-
fully from the chairman of that committee, that
he would have this bill reported to the Senate as
soon as it may be practicable. It was, as I have
said, reported at each session of the last Congress,
but it was not acted upon for the want of time.
The provisions of that bill are of infinite moment
to the southern States, and to none more so than
to the Commonwealth of Virginia. 1 take^ it for
granted, sir, that it will meet with no resistance
whatever. The language and intention of the
clause of the Constitution of the United States, in
this respect, are too clear to admit of any doubt;
and this bill is merely intended to add to the ef-
ficiency of the existing laws on the subject, al-
though it may be that some of its provisions may
admit of amendment.
The question being then taken upon the motion
to print, it was agreed to. .
Mr. BADGER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to refund to
the State of North Carolina the amount of money
advanced, and transportation furnished, to volun-
teers from that State, during the late war with
Mexico; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to revive a
portion of an act for the relief of the Widows of de-
ceased soldiers; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to reduce the
price of the mineral lands in the Lake Superior dis-
trict, in Michigan, and in the Chippewa district of
Wisconsin; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
BRANCH MINTS IN THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DICKINSON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish
a branch of the Mint of the United States in the
city of New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Mr. BENTON. The ordinary motion is to
refer; but I apprehend that there is no necessity
for a reference in this case. This bill has been
before the Senate for eight years, frequently re-
ported, and acted upon in some manner by the
Senate. The gentleman who offers the bill has
just informed me that it is precisely the one re-
ported by the financial committee last year. ' If
that be the case, I should think it hardly worth
while to take up the time of the committee by re-
ferring it; and I would suggest that it take its place
on the calendar.
Mr. BADGER. There is nothing that I am
aware of to exempt this bill from reference. The
only vote, I believe, the Senate has ever taken,
I has been to reject the bill. I hope that it will be
referred; and 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion to refer was then agreed to.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that when the bill
came before the Senate for consideration, he would
propose an amendment establishing a branch of the
Mint of the United States at San Francisco, and
asked that the amendment might be printed for the
use of the Senate; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER gave notice that when the bill
came up, he would move to amend it by adding a
provision establishing a branch mint at Charleston,
South Carolina. That amendment was reported
with the bill at the last session.
Mr. KING. The bill has been referred to a
committee. The amendments that are offered are
altogether informal. I suppose that the gentlemen
will send their proposed amendments to the same
committee, who will examine the whole case, and
report as may seem proper. It is not usual to pro-
pose an amendment to a bill until it is before the
Senate, and this bill is not before the Senate at all.
Mr. BENTON. There is no amendment, but
simply a notice. It must be altogether owing to
my imperfect method of expressing myself that it
was so understood. It is simply a notice of an
intention to introduce an amendment when the
proper time shall arrive.
The printing of the bill and the amendments, of
which notice had been given, was then ordered.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived,
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the special
order of the day—the bill suspending for a limited
time the limitation of the expense of collecting the
revenue from customs, reported yesterday from
the Committee on Finance, with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. CASS expressed the hope that the Senate
would take up his resolution of inquiry into the
expediency of suspending diplomatic intercourse
with Austria, before the special order was taken
up.
Mr. PHELPS said that, from some conversa-
tions he had had with Senators, he supposed that
the debate upon this resolution would not be likely
to occupy much time, and moved to postpone the
consideration of the special order of the day until
the resolution had been considered; which was
agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted on the 24th
ult. by Mr. Cass:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending dip-
lomatic relations with Austria.
The resolution having been read— ,
Mr. ?JASS rose, and addressed the. Senate at
lengthon the subject embraced in the resolution.
A full report of his speech will be found in {he
Appendix. Mr. C. having concluded— "
Mr. SEWARD. I rise, sir, not to the principal
question, which has been discussed with so much
ability and with so much eloquence by the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan: I rise to a sub-
ordinate and incidental question; and I would not
venture to call the attention of the Senate to that
?uestion, were it not that, in the situation in which
am placed with regard to that particular subject,
it would be a dereliction of duty, social, political,
and moral, to be silent when I ought to express
my profound regret that a speech so eloquent,
upon principles so noble, and discussing a policy
so vast, so great, should have been embarrassed at
the close by a personal allusion which has been
made to the honorable gentleman who fills the
mission which it is proposed to abolish, and that
the subject of the propriety of the confirmation of
the person who has been nominated by the Presi-
dent of the United States for that distinguished
post abroad, should have been opened here, at tliis^
time, and on this occasion, before this Senate, in
public session, instead of having been reserved (as
I would have trusted that personal kindness and
political magnanimity would have dictated that it.
should have been reserved) until the minister vjaa
called to pass the ordeal which the rules and cus-
toms of the Senate prescribe. I. find myself ex-
ceedingly embarrassed as the friend—the persondl
friend—the unwavering friend—the devoted friend '
of this foreign representative. I have documents
in my possession to extenuate, and, as I believe, to
remove, the accusation of a precipitate flight from
I before the Senate of the United States; and yet
they are of such a nature, that, in justice to the
i domestic relations of that individual, I am not at
liberty to give them to the world. I can only,
therefore, say, that I hope that the distinguished
Senator, and all others who declare their opinions
against the confirmation of this individual, will
suspend their judgment until I can have the op-
' portunity, within the rules and customs of this
' court, to remove the objections, if it be in my
power to do so, which have been presented as the
basis for refusing confirmation to this gentleman.
Mr. CASS. "Mr. President, may I be allowed
to say one word? ~WitV\ respect to the personal
feelings of the honorable Senatorfrom New York,
with reference to the individual who has been allu-
ded to, I will say that they are no more favorable
than my own. So I have already stated, as well
as that he is fitted to fill this position. But, Mr.
President, that honorable.Senator will observe that
this is a grave case—one which may well call for
the legislative examination of the American Sen-
ate. it is not a question of personal fitness, but a
question arising out of his departure under peculiar
circumstances, .that may require, perhaps, the en-
actment of a law to regulate the departure of for-
eign ministers, under these circumstances, and to
assure to the Senate its proper control. If is not
a question of personal fitness: that does not come
up; I have not alluded to it* X have said, and I
now repeat, that this gentleman is fitted for the
duties of the station to which he has been appoint-
ed. But I do say, sir, that those circumstances
to which I have alluded may well attract the atten-
tion of the American people and of the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not propose, sir, to enter into
the debate now in progress upon the resolution of
the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
at least so far as the general merits of the resolution
introduced by him are concerned. Approving
heartily of almost all that has fallen from him oil
this occasion, and concurring fully with him m all
the leading views which he has so forcibly stated,
1 should be entirely willing to risk the fate of the
resolution upon the speech which has already been
delivered in its support. At least, it cannot be
necessary, at this stage of the debate, that anything
further should be said in support of the resolution,
either by its avowed or presumed friends, especially
as allusions have been made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan-to two honorable Senators over
the way, [Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster,] which,
it is to be hoped, will call forth from them such
responses as will comport with the high character
which they have heretofore acquired in the country,
and serve in some degree also to renew in the
recollections of their countrymen certain glorious
