1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
whilst throughout the whole country, to the North
and in the South, there is, I sincerely -believe, a
lar^e majority of the people in favor of her admis-
sion. And, if we determine here to cut her in two
parts by means ofthe Missouri compromise line,
it would be butamovement backwards, that would
render admission impossible—to admit her as a
unit in policy, such as her friends claim that she has
established for herself in her constitution, almost
unanimously agreed to by her people.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (the floor
being tempoiarily yielded to him,) said: Does the
gentleman not know that all thepfople of Califor-
nia living south of the line of 36° 30' desired a
territorial government, and voted for it in conven-
tion, and is not this reason sufficient for us? Be-
sides, udoes not raise any question as to our power
over the question of boundary. The people desire
it, and if we are willing to consult their wishes we
will do it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to be informed upon what evidence the gen-
tleman bases his assertion?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. The peo-
ple of California south of the line of 36° 30', by
their Representatives in Convention, voted for a
territorial government.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. The con-
stitution of California, I believe, was unanimously
adopted by the Convention, and nearly so after-
waids by the people.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. My hon-
orable friend will surely not deny that those south
of 36° 30' were in favor of a territorial govern-
ment?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
I do not know that; u may have been so to some
extent, but the people of California agreed to the
constitution on ail sides of the line, and ask ad-
mission in their own form of government.
Gentlemen very well know that the adoption of
the Missoui i compromise line now, would condemn
the whole proceeding. 1 am peifectly certain of it.
I <io not think, however, that it can receive a sin-
gle northern vote with this effect apparent such
as I have noticed. It need not be pressed. The
admission of California, to use a common phrase
row, is a "foregone conclusion." This amend-
ment, sir, had nothing to do with the measure
under discussion.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr.. VENABLE, having renewed the amend-
ment, said: Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] says that he voted
against the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] not as expressing the con-
victions of his mind upon any proposition, but
because it was an abstraction. This horror of
abstraction in which gentlemen indulge is not a
little amusing. Abstract propositions, which pre-
suppose the existence of rights to the Sooth, are
ahvays to be reprobated; but fiee-soil, the most
inveterate abstraction ever conceived of, is per-
fectly legitimate. Sir, I had always supposed an
absiraction to mean the assertion of a principle,
without the necessary power to enforce it. If the
amendment had been adopted, it would have en-
gaged the good faith of the Government to have
complied with its spirit and its meaning. He
says that it is too late to apply the Missouii com-
promise line, for this would dismember California;
that such a measure would defeat the admission
of California, because it would unstate her.
Has he forgotten the universal practice of the
Government to fix and alter boundaries on ap-
plication of States for admission? Has he for-
gotten that California herself, m her application
for admission, placed herself at the discietion of
Confess in this matter? He says that the con-
stitution was unanimously adopted, although theie
was some opposition by those residing in South
California.
M r. ASHE. Will my colleague give way ?
Mr. VENABLE. Ceitainly.
Mr. Ashe here read a statement of Dr. Gwyn,
one of the Senators elect of California, in which
he said, that in the convention the members
who represented that poition of California which
was south of 36° 30', preferred a territorial to a
State government.
Mr. VENABLE. I again refer to the astound-
ing fact of how nice gentlemen are in their per-
ceptions as to foregone conclusions and questions
settled against the South; and how deaf they are
to the voice of reason and of justice if the same
or similar reasons sustain our claims.
Tne Missouri compromise was consideied by
Mr. Clay as adjusting, once and forever, the line
of settlement as to territory between the notthern
and southern sections of this Union. 1 refer to a
speech delivered in 3837. Sir, a gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] when speaking of the pos-
sibility of disunion from the action of Congress,
asKed,with a sneer, where would those who with-
drew from the Union go? I will tell him that they
will go nowhere, but stand by their firesides,
their altars, and their homes. They will not go
where the gentleman came from—they are native
born citizens of the South, who mean to occupy
the land which belongs to them, and take care of
their own honor. They will never ask of those
who would usurp the inheritance, or brand them
with inequality, for a home or a refuge. In the
language of a gentleman from Georgia m the early
part ot this session, they would rather-see this
lovely land another Hungary, overwhelmed afer
honorable and gallant resistance, trodden down by
the heel of power after a gallant struggle, than to
be first cheated, then subjugated and dishonored.
Sir, we have been charged with making threats—I
make none unless honestly declaring the certain
consequences of an unjust policy be a threat. We
have power to receive or ieject California, to alter
her boundaries, or to remand her to a territorial
condition—to make conditions of admission, and,
as we did with other States, wait until these condi-
tions are complied with. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] cannot have for-
gotten that he voted last session for the alteration
of the boundaries of Wisconsin.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAKER renewed the amendment. I am
much more obliged, said he, to the gentleman for
the courtesy which enables me to renew, the
amendment, than for the remarks of the gentleman
which were personal to myself. And little as I
am m the habit of regarding these personalities,
which do more to detract from, than they do to
elevate the course of proceedings of this body, I
may be allowed to say one or two things m answer
to what 1 suppose the honorable gentleman in-
tended a3 a fling at me, personally. It is my for-
tune, or misfortune, as he says, to have been born
in another country; but, sir, if experience has
enabled me to determine anything, it has taught
me to know the value of this Union, and i do not
wish that it shall be broken up. And while the
honorable gentleman says that he and his friends
do not threaten, 1 beg leave to say to him that
they do threaten, and have threatened from be-
ginning to end; and threatened, too, with the
worst sort of temper, indulging in all sorts of mis-
erable personalities, that are unwoithy to be per-
mitted m debatehere, or anywhere else. So far
as the gentleman's personalities towards me are
concerned—so far as the fling that he has thought
proper to indulge m against me is concerned, I
have only to say, that 1 do not feel it to be any
disgrace to be born in a foreign country, nor do I
conceive that it renders me less woithy to occupy
the position that 1 do. 1 esteem it to be more to
the praise, and honor, and credit of the people
whom 1 represent, to say of them, that they at
least have discarded prejudices that are unworthy
of them, as they ought to have been unworthy of
the gentleman from North Carolina. But 1 tell
the gentleman another thing, if he means to inti-
mate that it is so great a disgrace to have been
bom in a foreign country, I tell him in return that I
I imagine the disgrace to be infinitely greater when
a man desiiesto make one portion of his countiy
foreign to another portion.
Though born m a foreign land, I have, at least,
done something to show my devotion to this, the
.country of my adoption; m which is the grave of
my faiher, the birth-place of my wife, the birth-
place and the place ot burial of my children. I,
at least, am not conscious that I ever entertained
a foreign wish, that I have ever attempted to alien-
ate and divide those whom God has intended
should remain together foiever; and 1 disown any
other intention than to reply to the gentleman m
the spirit and temper in which he has referred to
me.
An honorable gentleman before me asks me
from what authority I speak of God's intention?
The remark itself is irreverent. He says he wants
to see the evidence. There is a record which, per-
haps, it would be well for the gentleman, and for
all of us, to read with more attention. But, my
purpose was merely to say that 1 do not regard
the threats of gentlemen about a dissolution of the
Union as seriously deserving a reply. I repeat
what I have said on a former occasion, gentlemen
will find that their constituents are not in earnest,
if they are themselves, about dissolution; they do
not represent one single fact truly, as it occurs in
history. They do not vindicate its truth. I do
not believe that Mr. Clay ever said that the Mis-
souri line, at the time it was adopted, had refer-
ence to territories not then belonging to the Uni-
ted States. No gentleman will dare to say that
such was Mr. Clay's assertion; and it would
certainly not contribute much to the high esteem
in which his sense and judgment is held if he had
said so.
Another word, in reply to the gentleman', and it
is m relation to a material point m this discussion:
we understand the Missouri compromise line to
apply to all the territories, to be extended to the
Pacific; Mr. Clay never said so; to attribute to
him such language is preposterous; he never could
have intended to say so. It is thrown in as a
make^weight; it is brought in to support that
which is not reasonable in itself.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MEADE renewed the amendment for the
purpose of stating that he was inclined to accept
the apology, if offered in honesty and sincerity,
of those who stated that they had not voted for
the amendment because they did not wish to place
their votes on the record in favor of a mere ab-
straction. But how is it that they are not now
disposed to iecord their votes in favor of an ab-
straction ? Have not notthern gentlemen, during
the last five years, on every question touching
slavery, introduced here by the ultras of the
North, been found voting for all these proposi-
tions? And this they did, although they were
well aware that no legislative act could grow out
of it. This amendment merely recognized the
right of a territory to come in as a State with sla-
very if she chose. He wished to know from the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,]
and from the gentleman who lately occupied the
chair of thisHouse, [Mr. Winthro*]—he desired
to hear from them, whether, if California, or either
of the new territories, should hereafter offer her-
self for admission, with a clause admitting slavery,
ihey would be ready to vote in favor of their ap-
plication ? If he could hear such a declaration
from them, he would feel more disposed to excuse
the vote they had given. He wished much to
hear such a declaration. He wished to have a
pledge that if any territory should hereafter apply
for admission among the States of the Union, the
fact of her bringing with her a constitution ad-
mitting slavery would not influence the North to
refuse the application. I will pause for an answer.
There was nothing objectionable in the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky. If it was
his object to obtain the real sentiments of the
North, in order that we might all vote understand-
ing^, the mode which he had adopted to do this
was a legitimate one.
We desire to know distinctly whether the North
will or will not hereafter vote for the admission of
States that admit slavery. The-f'act will govern
our votes on all questions of compromise. With-
out such a declaration, no compromise can be
made. And if^this vote be an index of northern
intentions, if it be indicative of a settled purpose,
none should be made—the question is beyond the
reach of adjustment.
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, renewed it. I
believe (he said) that the amendment before the
committee asserts that the Missouri compromise
was adopted by the votes mainly of northern Rep-
resentatives, and that its spirit and design contem-
plated its extension to the Pacific ocean. When
I said, yesterday, that if the States, having the
power in their own hands, had come to the con-
clusion to exclude the South from a fair partici-
pation in this territory, they would, by doing so,
inevitably drive the southern States ftorn the
Union. I maintain that I uttered no threat. I
maintain that by repeating the game declaration,
as I now deliberately do, I utter no threat. What
is the state of things ? Northern statesmen assert
the power so to construe the Constitution as to
impose unjust and unequal restrictions upon half
