1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
the States of the Union. Not only do they claim
the power to give this construction, but to enforce
it; and when we of fhe South say that such a
course will diive us from the Union—from which
•we have a right to go—they tell us that they will
send their noithern regiments upon us to enforce
this construction, and hold together a Union
which by the very act is abolished, because the
Constitution itself is abolished. It has been pro-
claimed at the other end of the Capitol, by one
whose voire will never more be heard, that these
principles converted the Government into one of
the worst of despotisms. 1 maintain that this is
true; and 1 maintain that all the threats which
have ever been uttered here, have been uttered by
those who assert the unconstitutional power of
maintaining by force, a Confederacy which exists
only by the will of the free sovereign States that
compose it. The threats come from those who
teli us that they will send their regiments into
the southern States, to enforce their construction
of the Constitution. I have made no threats, I
make none now. I simply warn the North of
what I believe will be the inevitable consequences
if they persist. It is a falsification of fact, it is a
glaring misinterpretation of language, it is a false
construction of words, to charge upon me, and
upon those gentlemen who stand in the same posi-
tion with me, that we threaten. What do we
threaten? Simply that we will maintain our rights
against that force which you say you will send to
destroy them. This is nothing more nor less than
the threat which every oppressed people, in all
time, have made and carried out by their strong
right arms, when they have resisted oppression,
and poured out their blood in vindication of their
rights. That is all we threaten. We will stand
upon the Constitution of the country—we will
stand upon it to the last moment—we will stand
upon it to the death, in spite of all the regiments
"which all the States of the North may array
against us.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment. He
desired to occupy the five minutes allowed him in
calling the attention of the committee and the
country to the vote which had just been taken.
He had long entertained and uniformly expressed
the opinion, that the pretended support of the
northern Whig party to what is called the Presi-
dent's plan, was a fraud—that they did not and
would not support and maintain the principles of
that plan, even as unsatisfactoiy as it justly was
to the South. That plan proposes to admit Cali-
fornia as a State and refrain from legislation as to
the rest of the tei ntories until the inhabitants were
sufficiently numerous and otherwise qualified to be
admitted into the Union, and then to allow them
to come in with or without slavery, as they should
decide for themselves. Yet we find the pretended
supporters of the plan throughout the whole
North and in this House, accompany their pro-
fessed adherence to it, with the declaration that
" no more slave States shall be admitted into the
Union." They wilt take so much of it as gives
them California, and doubtless will take the rest
of the country whenever it presents an anti-slavery
constitution, but they will not affiim that they
will take the States which may hereafter be
formed, if the inhabitants should choose to toler-
ate African slavery. Such is the uniform tenor
and character of the support which the President's
plan receives from its northern friends out of
doors, and the vote just taken refusing to give
this right is supported by every northern Whig in
this House but the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Butler.J The member from
Boston, who a lew days since, with fulsomeadula-
tion of the author, gave in his adhesion to the plan,
to-day disavows by his vote this principle of the
right of the people when prepared for admission
into the Union to decide upon their own domestic
institutions. This is the only sound principle m
the "plan," and that is murdered in the House,
and by the hands of its pretended friends. I de-
sire this fact to be noticed and marked by the peo-
ple of the South, and by the author of the plan.
Iam not its supporter in any form, but I desiie it
marked that those men of the North who pretend
to be for it are not ready to back it by their votes.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DUER renewed the amendment, and said:
When the inference was first sought to be drawn
from the vote referred to by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that it was the intention
of the North to deny the principle that the people
of a territory, in establishing a constitution for
their government as a State, have the right either
to establish or prohibit slavery, I sought to ob-
tain the floor for the purpose of repudiating for
myself any such inference. I have publicly de-
clared myself willing to place the settlement of
this question upon that principle. I have intro-
duced a bill for that purpose. What 1 have said
I stand to. I cannot speak for others; 1 speak for
myself. What is the motive of my votes none
can know but myself. The inference of the gen-
tleman from Georgia is, as respects myself, utterly
unfounded, Sir, the question may be settled on
that principle, if the South will support it. Cali-
fornia seeks admission on that principle, and it
may be applied to the residue of the territories.
But what are southern gentlemen asking now?
The Missouri compromise; the Missouri compro-
mise, which, by the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, is defined to bean establishment or
recognition of slavery south of 36° 30'. And
whether so expressly declared or not, this is what
all intend. Preliminary to the action of the peo-
ple, you demand the extension of slavery to the
territory. It is you who ask affirmative legisla-
tion. It is you who now, by your action, reject
the application of this principle which you charge
us with rejecting. But an amendment is intro-
duced, ingeniously adapted. It was not designed
to place a false construction upon the votes of
those in favor of the admission of California as a
separate measure; and then the charge is made
that the North denies the right of a State to regu-
late its own domestic institutions. You propose
to dismember California, which has acted on this
principle. Are you ready now to apply it to the
rest of the territory ? I have not seen the evi-
dence. The gentleman from Georgia should be
more cautious in drawing his inferences.
Mr. TOOMBS. I draw my inference from the
vote. It is a legitimate inference.
Mr. DUER. The vote ! The vote admits of a
very different construction. The construction as
respects myself Ik now, and as respects others, I be-
lieve, is erroneous. If gentlemen desire to discover
the truth, it is not difficult. Is it not easy to see that
we who desire the admission of California sepa-
rately and at once, will vote against all amend-
ments embarrassing that measure? Does the gen-
tleman from Georgia say that he does not himself
sometimes vote against propositions embodying
what may abstractly be true because he regaids
them as inappropriate? I venture the opinion that
he has voted so fifty times since he has been a
member of the House. It is a matter of common
and familiar occurrence so to vote.
I repeat, sir, that if the South desires a settle-
ment on the principle I have stated, it may have it;
and that it is the South, as we now daily see, that
is demanding affirmative legislation designed to
introduce slavery where it does not exist. Upon
that principle there cannot be a settlement.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. WINTHROP renewed the amendment.
He desired to say, in the first place, that he had
hitherto purposely abstained from faking any part
in the five minutes discussion, although there had
been more than one provocation; and the reason
why he had done so was, that he had perceived,
at the very outset, what appeared to him to be a
determined purpose to protiact the debate, merely
with the view of consuming the time, until the
Senate might act upon the compromise bill. It
was possible that he was mistaken in the judgment
that he had thus formed; but, whether it were so
or not, he, for one, was not disposed to contribute,
in the smallest degree, to any such purpose.
He did not acknowledge the right of any mem-
ber of ihut House to call him into the debate, and
still less was he disposed to admit that there was
anything in the personal relations subsisting be-
tween the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
and himself, which authorized that gentleman to
indulge m speculations upon his purposes and
views. He would only say, that if the gentleman
fiom Georgia intended an insult to him, by using
the word " fraud " m connection with his name,
he should leave the imputation to recoil upon the
gentleman himself. He had pursued, during his
connection with the Congress of the United States,
a period of about ten years, a policy that was
clear in the sight of man and ol God; he had done
nothing for the purpose of evasion or equivocation.
In regard to the present measure, he had lone ago
declared his purposes. If the amendment, which
had just been voted upon, had been phiased in
precisely the opposite manner, he should have
voted against it, ju&t as he had now done. And
he would vote against everything that was calcu-
lated or intended to encumber or embarrass the
bill for the admission of California. He had again
and again declared his purpose to vote for the ad-
mission of California as an isolated measure. He
was in favor of her admission precisely in the
condition m which she had presented herself.
And he would therefore vote against every amend-
ment, of whatever shape or kind it might be, that
would have a tendency to embarrass or impede
the passage of the bill under consideration. He
cared not what the nature of the amendment
might be, whether it was for slavery or against it,
whether it was for the line of 36° 30' or against
it, he would vote against every amendment that
might be offered, that did not pertain directly and
purely to the bill for the admission of California.
This was his policy, and he had no further expla-
nations to give. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HALL renewed the amendment, and said;
Mr. Chairman, in view of what has been said
with reference to a vote just given by the commit-
tee, I desire to offer a few remarks. I did not
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky. My objections to that amendment
were twofold. In the first place, I considered it
entirely unnecessary. The Missouri compromise,
so called, is before us. That compromise has long
since received a construction with which I am sat-
isfied. It has been for years past understood as
applying only to the territories, and to have no
application to the States formed out of the territo-
ries. It is true, the language of that compromise
prohibits slavery forever in certain territories; but,
I repeat, that language ha^ been settled to apply
only to the territories, as such. Whenever, there-
fore, a State is admitted from a territory covered
by the Missouri compromise, it belongs to the
people of such State to determine the question of,
slavery for themselves. Now, sir, my constitu-
ents are in favor of the Missouri compromise, I
am m favor of it, also; and 1 mean to vote against
all amendments calculated to weaken or change that
measure, 1 care not by whom offered or by whom
supported. In the next place, I understood the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky to
intimate, that Congress might have the right to
exclude a State formed out of territory north of
36° 30', because Us constitution admits slavery. I
cannot assent to any such proposition; and 1 will
vote for nothing which, by intendment, can be
construed into the admission of the right on the
part of Congress to prescribe any other condition
to a State coming into this Union, than that its
constitution shall be republican. I care not whether
a State is formed out of territory north or south
of a given line, the people thereof—and they
alone—have the right to pass on the question of
slavery for themselves.
One word more, sir, and I will be done. It has
been said that the people in California south of
36° 30', are opposed to coming into the Union as
a Statue. I do not so understand the fact. It is
true, that the delegates in the California Conven-
tion from the section south of the line I have men-
tioned, expressed themselves m favor of a territo-
rial government; but when the question was sub-
mitted to the people, there were only twenty-one
votes cast south of 36°30' against the constitution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Was not
the question submitted to the people merely
whether they were in favor of the constitution or
not?
Mr. HALL. Sir, the question submitted was,
" Would the people come into the Union as a
State, under the constitution prepared by the Cal-
ifornia Convention?" That was the question; and
upon that question but twenty-one negative votes
were cast south of 3tP 30'. My authority for
this statement, is a memorandum furnished me
by thiee of the Representatives of California, now
m this city.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
and renewed the amendment. He said; Mr.
Chairman, I have, up to this time, refrained from
taking part in this debate upon the various amend-
ments proposed, because they have so far seemeu
