1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
by the Senator from New York as throwing them-
selves at once upon his counsels, and submitting
th mselves in this grave conjuncture to his exclu-
sive direction. I venture to pronounce this the
most astounding instance of reckless confidence
that ever has been recorded by historian, or been
depictured by bard or novelist. The elder Pitt,
once said, "Confidence is a plant of slow growth ■
in aged bosoms." In this instance a mushroom
rapidity of growth is displayed, which I feel sure
must prove surprising to all who did not suppose
the honorable Senator from New York to labor
under the influence of a special hallucination in
imaginjng himself to have been trusted so exorbi-
tantly.
Well, sir, what did the honorable Senator from
New York do when thus employed as the sole ne-
gotiator of business so difficult and momentous?
1 will endeavor to give you his own words, as
contained in the letter already referred to, so far as
my memory will serve me for the purpose. If I
misstate the import of the letter, I hope to be cor-
rected by the honorable Senator. This, then, is
what he said: " I repaired to the Capitol in com-
pany with Mr. Ewing. There I procured a copy
of Mr. Walker's amendment, which I had not
before read. I immediately prepared what I contem-
plated as an amendment to Mr. Walker's amend-
ment, or as a substitute for it." Yes, sir, he im-
mediately prepared his substitute. The subject was
not new to him, as we all know; but the existing
condition of things could not possibly have been
known to him personally until his arrival in Wash-
ington. He was quickly called into consultation,
and his capacities as a manager at once put in re-
quisition. He required no time for deliberation;
the operations of his intellect were as rapid as the
movements of electricity. There is really a most
marvelous celerity in the action of his mind, and
so (modestly described by himself in this epistle;
the flashes of divine intuition can scarcely indeed
be imagined to be more instantaneous. "After-
ward's," he says, 1' I found Mr. Webster's pro-
posed amendment, and I discovered it contained all
the provisions I had contemplated, very tersely ex-
pressed." Prodigious! He actually found that
Mr. Webster's amendment contained all the provis-
ions he had contemplated, and seems to have been
not a little gratified that two great intellects (about
the greatness of one of which there is certainly
no doubt anywhere) should so happily have har-
monized. The only difference between them ap-
pears to have been, that what may have possibly
cost the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
several days and nights of anxious contemplation
and painful scrutiny, was struck out at a single
heat by the honorable Senator from the Empire
State. It certainly must be looked upon as a for-
tunate circumstance for the country that the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
found favor in the eyes of hts illustrious contem-
porary; andperhaps it may be somewhat gratify-
ing, too, to the pride of the last-mentioned Senator,
(but I must be permitted to doubt this a little,) to
know that his amendment has been honored with
the special commendation of the honorable Senator
from New York, both as to style and substance.
He pronounced it to be very tersely expressed; that
is to say, "neatly" expressed—"clear without
, pomposity." I regarded the fame of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts as a literary Wan as
quite well established before; no one who defers
to the critical acumen of the honorable benator
from New York will hereafter doubt the compe-
tency of the distinguished gentleman thus com-
mended to draw up a short amendment in suitable
parliamentary language. I hope I may he here
indulged in a comparison without incurring the
charge of profanity. When the Great Author of
the Universe " in the beginning created the heavens
and the earth," and had brought his goodly work
to a conclusion, he is represented to have l00^,
upon it, and to have pronounced it " very good
And so, in like manner, the honorable Senator
from New York, glancing over the amendment ot
the honorable Senator from lyiassachusetts, ana
finding it to correspond in substance with his own,
gravely pronounced it to be " very good, and pro-
cedeed to act upon it without delay. '
Webster's amendment," says he, and
shown it to Mr. Ewing, who left the whole subject
to my own judgment, I visited many member.jof
the House of Representatives and urged the adop
tion of it. Mr. Vinton, chairman of the Oomrait
tee of Ways and Means, soon informed me that
the committee would report the amendment, with
some slight modifications, to whieh ^ did not ob-
ject." "I spent," says he", "the residue of the
day in urging the adoption of the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means upon the
members of the House."
But his labors did not end here, Mr. President-
nothing like it. To be sure he had swept all ob-
stacles before him in one house of Congress, but
he had yet to encounter still more serious obstacles
in the Senate. Besides, the hour of midnight had
arrived, and all the surrounding circumstances
were strikingly unpropitious to renewed delibera-
tions in this body. And yet there was one cir-
cumstance—possibly quite unthought of at the
time—not altogether unfavorable to the contem-
plated scheme of operation. The members of the
Senate might be found overwearied with their
severe legislative labors—some of the friends of
the Walker amendment, and, of course, the ene-
mies of the new or.e, might, at that late hour of
the night, be perchance asleep or absent, and the
dark deed which had been plotted might be accom-
plished even after the constitutional term of legisla-
tion had expired. Note, Mr. President, if you
please—and I call upon the country to observe-
that the honorable Senator from the Empire State
had never then occupied a seat in either House of
Congress, and could not be inducted into the seat
in this Hall, then adorned by an accomplished
gentleman, now no longer among us, until the suc-
ceeding Monday. And yet he did not hesitate to
take upon himself the performance of legislative
functions, more ample in their scope and more
difficult in their execution than any American
statesman had ever before thought of assuming.
Having been formally put in charge of this matter
in the manner described, and the whole "modus
operandi" having been left to his judgment, when
his labors had terminated in the House of Repre- j
sentatives, he glided most dispatchfully into the ,
Hall of the Senate, and there, says he, " I exerted
myself to procure the assent of the Senate to the
amendment, and I insisted that no different pro-
Vision ought to pass. I continued my efforts until .
the Senate decided to disagree to the amendment i
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the |
House. It is well known that the whole design of
a government for California failed by reason of
that disagreement."
Such are the statements of the extraordinary
letter published in the National Intelligencer, on
the 29th of March last, over the signature of the
honorable Senator from the Empire State, now
present. And now, Mr. President, is not this a
wonderful'epistle? Does it not abound in surpris-
ing statements ? Does it not describe most re-
markable achievements upon the parliamentary
arena' Is not this letter destined to awaken the
astonishment of all posterity? There is nothing,
I think, so striking in all the pages of history,
ancientand modern, from Herodotusdown to Mac-
aulav, as these exploits of the honorable Senator
from New York, as recorded by himself. I have
several times seen noted equestrians of the circus
perform high feats of horsemanship that astonished
all beholders. I have seen Harlequin himself
astride of two horses at the same time, riding
around the ring with an affected clownishness of
manner, fitted to awaken among the uninitiated
serious alarm for his safety, and yet presently de-
scending again to earth unhurt and even exultant;
but never did I before hear of a single individual,
however skilled in the mysteries of law-making,
successfully taking charge of two houses of a Na-
tional Legislature, representing twenty millions of
people, and so controlling the great and complex
machinery of parliamentary proceeding as to make 1
every part of it perform its appropriate functions, j
strictly according to order, in both departments, j
without himself enjoying at the time the privileges j
of membership in either of them, or even possess- j
in<* a right to raise his voice in debate. Indeed, in i
this instance it seems that the experiment attempt- j
ed did, in point of fact, ultimately fail, as the sub-
stituted amendment of the House was not ratified
bv the Senate. And yet must the efforts of the
honorable Senator from New York be regarded as
not altogether successless, since he aided so ef-
ficiently in defeating the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, and thus managed
to keep the question of slavery in the Territories
open, so as to secure to himself some faint pros-
pect of presidential honors in fulwro by means of,
its fierce agitation in the free States of the North-,
And now, speaking of the Presidency; l«t: us
return for a moment to the remarks of the honor),
able Senator to which I am now replying. He
calls himself " the personal friend—the unwaver-
ing friend"—[Mr. Dodge, of l.owa, from his seat,
"devoted"}—yes, sir, "the. devoted friend" of
General James Watson Webb, editor of the New-
York Courier and Enquirer. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, how is this ? Hs>w are we to understand the
honorable Senator ? I am assured by one wihom I
presume to be correctly informed, that until a very;
recent period jndeed, the relations between the
honorable Senator from New York and the subject
of his present commendations were by no mean#
of an amicable character ! I am told that few
presses in the Union have generally displayed
more hostility to the honorable Senator from New
York than that of the Courier and Enquirer.
Lately, to be sure, it seems to have changed its
tone considerably; and, I am told, it has actually
ventured to suggest the honorable Senator from
New York as the most suitable person to receive
the next Whig nomination for the Presidency.
Now, through the little window I have just opened,
it may be that some rays of light will come in to
irradiate the darkness heretofore enshrouding the
subject of present inquiry. I can, at any rate, now
see pretty plainly now it is that the honorable
Senator from New York can be, and ought to be,
the friend of the commissioned but not yet con-
firmed emissary to Vienna. I can understand not
only how he might well be his friend, but also
how his heart might pulsate with grateful emotions
for kindness exercised and partiality displayed.
But the word imwavering is still incomprehensible,
as the amity between them is of too recent origin
to have been yet severely tested, and may be des-
tined to grow extinct before the fruit of honor
shall have Keen gathered from the tree of political
promise. It may be that his friendship—so sud-
den, so tender, so devoted—is fated to evaporate
whensoever our minister to Vienna shall have re-
turned to his editorial chair in New York, and
under the influence of some new fantasy, shall
have su?s?ested the name of some other presiden-
tial candidate in preference to that of the honorable
Senator from the Empire State. I should regret
this extremely, sir; a mutual affection like that un-
der review, so romantically springing up in two
young hearts, within whose recesses the cold
principles of political and pecuniary calculation
have never found entrance, should, for the honor
of human nature, be preserved in all its original
freshness and fervor, until eager appetite shall be
at last swallowed up in measureless fruition.
There is one view of this matter, Mr. President,
that remains vet to be stated. The honorable
Senator from New York tells us that he has docu-
ments in his possession of a nature to extenuate,
if notentirely free from censure, his friend, between
whom and himself an ocean now rolls its billows,
but for whom he stilt cherishes a devotion as in-
tense as that which he felt before time and spwo
had separated them so remotely; but he says that
these documents " are of such a nature that, in
justice to the domestic relations of that individual,
he is not at liberty to give them to the world."
Well, sir, I regret very deeply, then, that he allu-
ded to these documents at all. I regret it, sir, for
the sake of the individual chiefly interested, whose
character, and perhaps that of a portion of his
family, may suffer serious detriment from the
superserviceable zeal of his champion on this floor.
If this topic had not been introduced, we might
have supposed that some public reasons, not proper
to be disclosed, connected with our diplomatic re-
lations with Austria, had instigated the precipitate
flio-ht of this renowned Mercury of the press across
th? stormy ocean. Now, through the indiscretion
of his most loving advocate, we know that no such
public reasons have operated, ana we know m
addition that there are some reasons connected
with the domestic relations of this personage which
have made it necessary that he should quit his na-
tive country in such ungraceful haste. Curiosity
will spring up in all minds now, sir, as to the
exact nature of these domestic reasons; some will
conjecture them to be of one character, some of
another. The newspapers of the country will take
up the inviting theme, and edify their respective
readers with various shrewd conjectures as to the
cause of our minister's exodus. The letter-writers,
