THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session*.
MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1850.
New Series.... No. 76.
somewhat of the good will of my country. In the
councils of my State for a period of ten consecu-
tive years, and in her service here, my constitu-
ents have confided in my devotion to their inter-
ests and my attachment to the Union. I have
only to say, that if the time should come when
disunion rules the hour, and discord is to reign su-
preme, I shall again be ready to give the best
Mood in my veins to my country's cause. I shall
be prepared to meet all antagonists with lance in
rest, to do battle in every land in defence of the
Constitution of the country, which I have sworn to
support, to the last extremity,against disumonists
and all its enemies, whether of the South or the
North—to meet them everywhere, at all times,
with speech or hand, with word or blow, until
thought and being: shall be mine no longer.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. YENABLE renewed the amendment, and
said: Mr. Chairman, I desire to be fully understood
as to what I meant by the remarks made by me
when on the floor before, and what I mean to say
now. I certainly could not have meant a personal
imputation to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker,] when I mtimued that he was born in
England. He does not certainly suppose that it
is discreditable to him?
Mr. BAKER, ldo not suppose that such was
the gentleman's purpose, nor did 1 so understand
him. 1 am not in the habit o.f noticing personal
and offensive allusions here.
Mr. VENABLE. That is all very well, and
outside of this matter. Perhaps the gentleman is
entitled to much more credit for being an Ameri-
can citizen now than myself, as he is from choice,
and I am by birth and of necessity. But I am
peisuaded that I have as many reasons connected
with the past, the present, and the future, to value
the Union as he has. He tells us that he has
done much service to the country, and alludes to
his achievements on the tented field and legis-
lative halls, i am not inclined to detract from
his renown. He has served his country in sev-
eral capacities. He was at the same time a
colonel in the army of operations against Mexico,
end occupied his seat on the floor of this House,
and military honors bloomed in the garland which
encircled his brow. When glittering in military
command he occupied a seat in this House. The
records of this House and the reports of its com-
mittees disclose that he enjoyed both the honors
and emoluments of the stations which his services
so eminently adorned, i have no purpose to dis-
parage him or tffem. It was only in reply to a
sneeimg question of the gentleman on yesterday,
as to where the South would go in case the pres-
sure of power above and against the Constitution
rendered the connection intolerable, that I made
the remark that we would stand by our homes and
our possessions, and wouid not seek protection
where the gentleman came from. He speaks of
threats. Sir, they are not agieeablo things,
neither are they very dignified m those who
make them. But gentlemen ought not to mis-
take complaints against injustice, or remonstrance
against injurious purposes for threats. They
should remember that they are in a majority, and
that a majority can do justice with dignity or can
make concessions without the loss of sell-respect.
Not so with a minority. They must protest, they
must resist* or else they are left to certain and hope-
less degradation. The gentleman ou^htto remem-
ber that his colleague fiom Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,]
spoke of the terrors which et few regiments from
his State would carry to the South m case of open
resistance on our part. This was hard enough to
hear from him, but it was not less offensive when
the gentleman himself, in a speech, endorsed the
menace, as 1 understood him. 1 regret that another
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] should have
considered it necessary to come to the rescue of
h'S colleague, [Mr. Baker.] They were brother
officers, and it was, 1 suppose, a mere labor of
luve, as his colleague is surely able to take care of
himself. The combination of two military chiefs
against one poor civilian was fearful odds. The
gentleman, after exalting the achievements of his
76
colleague, declared that they would adorn the page
of history, when the deeds and even the names of
such as cjpuld assail him as I had done would
be forgonen. It may [here the hammer fell
and Mr. Venable was prevented from finishing
the remarks which he has now written out]
be so, but the gentleman has not improved in my
estimation as a prophet since the meeting of the
Nashville Convention. He, in a speech which he
has given to the public, foretold that the members
of that convention would be met by the patriots
of Nashville with tar and feathers, and a due pro-
portion of stale eggs. As his foresight has been
at fault here, he will excuse me for distrusting it
in future. Whilst I doubt not that the civil and
military renown of all three of the gentlemen from
Illinois will go down to posterity fresh and fair, I
have no doubt that the humble civilian who enters
his claim for the rights of those whose interests
he represents—who will assert those claims in the
face of a majority—who will demand the protec-
tion of the Constitution and its guarantees, even
though the honest avowal of the conseqnences be
called menace, and may excite ridicule from some
heroic men,—will receive some consolation in the
approbation of his own conscience and the same
sure appreciation of his services by those to whom
he is reapongib^.
The gentleman [Mr. Barer] denies that Mr.
Clay had said that the Missouri compromise
ought to be regarded as a desirable division of ter-
ritory between the North and the South. I give
his own words on the admission Florida, in his
speech, in 1837:
" By the compromise which took place on tb<  passage of
the act for ihe admission of Missouri into the Union in the
v*'ar 18*20, it wa< agreed arid under-tood that tin- line of
35° 3)' of north latitude should mark, the boundary between
the fit-e States nnd tlx* slave State.-* to be created in iho ter-
ritories of she United States ceded by the treaty of Louisi-
ana. * * * But Florida is &.mitb of that line, and conse-
quently, according to the spnit of the understanding which
prevail, d at the pyriod alluded to, should be a slave State.
Itma' he tiue that the comptomt>e does nut in terms em-
brace Florida, and that it is not absolutely binding and oblig-
atory ; but alt candid and impartial men must agree that it
ought not to be disregarded."
The committee can judge who is in error, the
gentleman or myself.
Mr. V. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND renewed the amendment,
and said that since different constructions had
been placed on the vote rejecting the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, it was
due to Mr. McC. that he should offer a brief ex-
planation. He had voted for the amendment upon
obvious grounds—because he believed that it be-
longed to the States exclusively to fix the charac-
ter of their municipal institutions—whether ad-
mitting or excluding slavery—and, after having
done so, Congress could only constitutionally in-
quire whether the State applying for admission
into the Union had a republican form of govern-
ment, and if so, she was entitled to admission.
Upon this principle, of eourse, he could have no
objection to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man fronP Kentucky, which only proposed to
leave it toethe people of the territories of the Uni-
ted States'south of3G°30' to come into the Union
with or without slavery, as they might decide by
their State organizations.
He withdrew the amendment.
On motion by Mr. STRONG, the committee
then rose,
And the House adjourned.
the casualties to which they are now subjected ftom burst-
ing boilers.
AI;-o, the petition of Dr. Edward H. MeCahe and 30 other*,
citizen-* of Missouii, and practK'biff physician-!, in the city
of St. Louis, piayingthat the medical officers in the navy
shall have the same degree of rank, relatively to the officers
of the hue in the, navy, as conesponding grades of medical
oflics-r?. in the armv now possess,according to law, relatively
to theolfieers of the line in the army; without increase of
pay fortius a-Mimlated rank.
By Mr. REED: Tne petition of Adam Wier, jr., and 91
other.*, citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, for
an Agricultural bureau.
By Mr. 8UEL : The petition of Hyacinth KropviHe. for
the pi-«age oi an act graining a patent of a certain tract
of land.
Al&n, the petition for a mail-route from Tecnms-eh, in
Lenawee county, Michigan, to Yjwilarite, in Wa-hten.nv
eountv. sune Siaie, via Ridgway and York, and for two new
poj-t offices on -aid route; al-o," remom-trance of D S Baron
and others, agam-l the renewal of patent of Z. & A. Parker
for percussion and reaction water-wheels, or improvement
of same.
tty Mr. WALDO: The petition rf the members of the
Tolland County Association of Congregational CUrgyinen,
m the State of Connecticut, asking tor a uniform and re-
duced rate nl pn-fat'e.
By Mi. TIIURMaN: The petition of Joseph Bilow and
•18 othf-r oitwn- < f the town of Champlam, Clinton county.
New York, prayina Congress to ^o modify the tariff of i#4t>
as to I,iv specific duties ol an amount equal to the ad valorem
duties ba-ed upon the pi iocs existing at the time of the
parage of that law.
AUo, the pi tiuon of Patrick Gilmer and 69 other?, citi-
zen«s ot the town ot Beekmantow n,Clinton oounu.New
York, praying Con^rt^ to so modify the .ariff ot 1846 ag
to lav specific duties of an amount fqual at lea^t to iho
ad valorem duties b ised upon the prices existing at the time
of the pas>a<ie ol that law.
Also, the petition of Chester Howe and 19 others, citi-
zens "f Clinton county, New Yoik, praying Congress to so
modify the tariff of 1B46 as to lay specific duties of an
amount equal Ht least to the ad valorem duties based upon
the pi ices existing at the lime of the passage ol that law.
NOTICE OF 4 BILL.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, g ive nonce of his intention
to intioduce a bill to be entitled "An act to provide lor the
removal ot obstructions hi the rwr S.ivannah, in the Slate
of Georgia, and lor the improvement of the s>aiue."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
piesented under the rale,and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
• By Mr. BOWLTN: The petition of Thomas S. Easton,
of St. Louis, a practical navigator of the western rivers,
praying certain regulations by law for the construction of
bulk heads, to protect deck passengers ou steamboats from
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jane 13, 1850.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials, one
from surgeons and assistantsurgeons in the navy,
and the other from medical gentlemen of Philadel-
phia, asking that a rank corresponding with that
conferred on the army may be extended to the
navy; which were reterred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHASE. I have received and beg leave to
present to the Senate a memorial from citizens of
Akron, in Sumrmtcounty, Ohio, very numerously
signed by gentlemen of all political patties.
Among the signatures, is that of a distinguished and
leading supporter of the honorable Senator from
Michigan during the late pre&idemial canvass, and
also that of a prominent supporter of the present
Chief Magistiate of the United State*; another
gentleman whose character and talents command
the confidence and respect of the community, and
whose name is signed to the memorial, supported
the eminent citizen of New York who received the
suffrages of the Free Democracy. The other signirs
are not so well known to me, but I understand that
they are among the most respectable and influential
citizens of northern Ohio. They ask for the admis-
sion of California, and earnestly remonstrate against
making that admission at al! dependent upon any
other question whatever. They also emphatically
protest against the establishment of governments
for the territories without an express interdiction,
of slavery therein. In the ietter which accom-
panied this memoiial, I am assured, and I do not
doubt it, that this remonsttance expresses the senti-
ments of nineteen twentieths of the people of that
portion of the State.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understood the Senator to
say that this petition or memorial was from the
State of Ohio, and that it represented the opinions
of nineteen twentieth of the people of that {State. *
Mr. CHASE, i stated that the letter i had re-
ceived enclosing the petition represented such to
be the fact, and that i had no reason to doubt the
truth of the statement which the letter contained.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is a matter of astonishment
to me, Mr. President, that the States of Ohio and
Indiana should differ so widely in reference to the
unsettled political questions of the day. Why,
sir, only last night i received a letter from a most
respectable gentleman in my State, who has, lor
