1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, •Silvester, SpaoWins
Sprague, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Tbaddeus Ste-
vens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Un-
derhitl, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and
Winthrop. '
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, Preston Kins,
Wilmot, Giddings, and Julian. '
For Mr. Foot—Messrs. Campbell, Matteson. McGaugbey,
Finis E. McLeaij^ and Schenck.
For Mr. Sargent—Messrs. Crowell, Horace Mtann, and
Tuck.
For Mr. French—Messrs. Bingham and Root.
For Mr. Clark—Mi.Meacham.
No choice.
Mr. BUTLER., of Pennsylvania, rose for the
purpose of moving that further voting for Clerk be
postponed for the present, in order that the House
might proceed to the election of a Sergeant-at-
Arms. He said that he understood that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the last House desired to be re-
lieved from the duty.
Objections were made.
Mr. BUTLER did not persist in the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL rose and asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That Thomas J. Campbell, who is now per-
forming ex gratia the duties of Clerk, should be sworn by
the Speaker to act pro tempore as Clerk of this House, and
that he be sworn accordingly.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. MARSHALL said it would be seen by
gentlemen on the other side of the House that
this wasa concession, according to his understand-
ing, to the point which had been raised by the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Inge] the other
day, that the House could not proceed at al! to the
transaction of legislative business until a Clerk
should have been sworn. In offering this resolu-
tion, he (Mr. M.) yielded to the law of '89 on that
point. To his mmd, it seemed that the gentleman
now acting as Clerk 
Calls to order interrupted Mr. M.
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL said he did not propose to
debate, but he desired to move that the rules of
the House be suspended for the purpose of en-
abling him to introduce the resolution which had
been read.
M. CARTTER rose to inquire of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] whether he
[Mr. M.] did not think it would be well enough
to elect a Clerk before swearing him ?
Mr. MARSHALL said he would reply to the
remark of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter]
by saying that Mr. Campbell had been acting in
the capacity of Clerk since the commencement of
the session, and that he ought to be sworn if he
was to act in that capacity, or that he should not
act at all.
The SPEAKER reminded gentlemen that all
debate was out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] a modification of
his resolution. Instead of moving to suspend the
rules for the resolution which had been read, Mr.
S. suggested that the gentleman should offer a res-
olution simply declaring that Mr. Campbell (or
any other person) should be appointed Clerk.
Such a resolution (Mr. S. supposed) would be in
order under the orders of the day. This would be
merely changing the form of the proposition.
The SPEAKER said that the mode of election
wa9 fixed by the rules, and that a resolution of the
kind suggested would not be in order, except under
a suspension of the rules. The question was on
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] to suspend the rules to enable him to
introduce the resolution which had been read.
And the question having been taken, it was de-
cided in the neeative without a division.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution. It was
read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That on the next vote for Clerk, the person
having a plurality shall be declared elected.
The resolution having been read, objections
were made to its introduction.
Mr. KAUFMAN, remarking that in the elec-
tion of Speaker the rule he proposed had worked
admirably, moved that the rules of the House be
suspended, for the purpose of enabling him to in-
troduce the resolution.
And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
ed?" was taken, and decided in the negative with-
out a division. -t
The roll was then called the fifth time. The
tellers reported that 220 votes had been given in;
necessary to a choice 111; of which
Mr. Forney received .106
Mr. Campbell 102
Mr. Phileo     4
Mr. French  2
Mr. Sargent    2
Mr. Prindle  2
Mr. Clark  1
Mr. Gouverneur  1
220
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, A«he, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bussell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Bnel, Burt,
Joseph Cable, Cartter, Cleveland, Howell Cobb, W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimniiuk, Disney, Doty,, Dunham,
Edimmdson, Evwig, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerrv, Gii-
more,Gorman, Green, HackeU, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, Harlan, Harmartson, I. G. Harris, $. W. Harrt«,
Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubhaid, Inge, An-
drew Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere,
Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McOlernand, McDon-
ald, McDowell, McLanahan,' Robert M. M^Lane, McMul-
len, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Miller, Millson,'Morris,
Morse, Old*, Orr, Parker. Poaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter,
Powell, Richardson,Robhins, Robinson, Ros*, Savage,Saw-
tQlle, Seddon, F. P. Stanion, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Swe- tser, Thoma«, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
William Thompson, V^nable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For Thotnas J. Campbell—Messr«. Alexander, Alston, An-
derson, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker. Bennett, Bokee, Breck,
Briggs^ Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler,Thomas B. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Ca^ey,
Chandler, Clarke, Clinaman, Cole, Conger. Conrad, Corwm,
Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexan-
det Evans, Nathan Evan*, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow,
Got^^rpuid, Grinnell, RaUoway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond,
Henry, Hilhard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Daniel P. King. George G. Kins, James
G.King,John A. Kmc, Lovin, Marshall, Matteson, Mc~
Gaughey. McKissoek, Fini«: Fi McLean, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, 0<zle, 0tis3 Outlaw, Owen, Phce-
nix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Revnolda, Risley, Rockwell,
Rose, Rumsey,^ Sackett, Schenck, Schermerborn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester. Spaulding, Sprasue, Stanly, A.
H. Stephen*, Thaddeus Steven®, Taylor, John B. Thomp-
son, Thurman, Toombs, Underbill, Vinton, Watkma,
White, Wiiliam?, Wilson,and Winthrop.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, Preston King,
and Wilmof.
For Mr. Prindle—Messrs. Allen and Gidding*.
For Mr. Sareent—Messrs. H. Mann and Tuck.
For Mr. Freiich—Messr*. Bingham and Root.
For Mr. Gouverneur—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Clarke—Mr. Meacham.
No choice.
Mr. SCHENCK then rose and nominated Solo-
mon Foot, of Vermont.
The roll was then again called—being the sixth
time. The tellers reported that 219 votes had been
given in; necessary to a choice 110; of which
Mr. Forney received.... . .. .106
Mr. Campbell.  7*2
Mr. Foot     35
Mr. Prindle ......  6
Mr. French      4
Mr. Phileo        4
Mr. Sargent       2
219
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Fbrnex)—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay. Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bncock, Booth, Bowdon, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Albert 6. Brown, William J. Brown, Buei, Burt,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Mow-
ell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimrmck, Dis-
ney, Doty, Dunham, Edmundson. Ewing, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Giliiiore, Gorm<tn, Green, Hackett, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, HaraUon, Harlan, Harmanson, Isham
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hohgland, Holla-
day, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson. Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La P£re. Lcfflor, Littlefield, Job
Mann, Ma«on, MeClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Linahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Mor«e, Olds, Orr,
Parker, Pea?lee, Phelp=, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Kob-
hin«, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sa telle, Seddon, Frederick
P. Stanton. Richard II. Stanton, Stetson, Strung, Sweetser.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson. William
Thompson, Venahle, Walden. Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Woodward, and Young.
For Thomas J. Campbell—Messrs. Alston, Anderson,
Ashmun, Baker, Bokee, Breek, Brig?1?, Brooks, Burrows, C.
Butler, Thomns B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, CaWin, Ca«ey, Chandler, Clarke, Clingman, Cole. Con-
rad, Corwin, Deberry, Dixon, Duer, Alexander Evans,
"Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gott, Gould, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hilliard, Houston, Howe. Jack-
son. J. L.Johnson, George G. Kin2, James G. Kins, John
A. King, Levin, Maishall, Finis E. McLean, Morehead,
Morton^ Nehon, Newell, Ogle. Otis, Outlaw, Phcenix, Pit-
man,Putnam,Reed, Reynolds, Rislev, Rockwell,Rose,Scher-
merhorn, Shepperd, Spaulding, Spragae, Stanly, Taylor,
John B,. Thompson, Thtirman, Vinton, Watkins, White,
Williams, apd Wmthrop. - -
For'Mr. Foot—Messrs. Allen, Andrews, Conger Crowell,
Dickey, Duncan, Gcodenow, Grinnell, Heb&rd, Henry;
Hunter, Daniel P. King, Matteson, McKissoek, Meachaiiv,
Moore, Owen, Schenck, Silvester, Spaulding, Alexander
H Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Toombs, UnderhiU, an3.
Wilson.
For Mr. JPrinile—Messrs. Bennett. Giddiness, Rumsey,
Sackett, and SehooJejaft.
For Mr. French—Messrs.Bingham,CamubelKMcGaughey,
and Root.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, Preston King,
and Wilmot.
For Mr. Sargent—Messrs. Horace Mann and Tuck.
No choice.
The roll was again called, being the seventh
time. The tellers reported that 220 Totes had been
given in; necessary to a choice 111; of which
Mr. Forney received 107
Mr. Foot     91
Mr. Campbell;..... 14
Mr. Phileo  4
Mr. French  2
Mr. Gouverneur     1
Mr. Prindle     1
220
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Forneif—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe; Averett,
Bay, Bavly, Beale, Bissell, Bocoek, Booth, Bowdon,BowJin,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Bael, Bttrt,"
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Clevefana, Bow-'
ell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmrck, Dis-
ney, Doty, Dunham, Edrnuildson, Ewmg, Featherston,
Pitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Greefi, Hackett,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, ffarmaiisoh,
f.G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holla-
day, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfere, Leffler, Littlefield,
Joh Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell,
McLnnahan, Robert M. MoLane, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade. Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Old', Oir,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson,
Robbms, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sr\wtelle, Seddon, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Sweet«er. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,*
William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and Young,
For Solomon Foot— Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Andrews,
Ashmwn, Baker, Bennett, Bokee. Breck. Bngg*, Brooks,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Cor-
win, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Powler, Freedley, Gnodenow. Golf,
Gould. Grinnell, Hallowav, Hampton, Hav, Hebard, Henrv,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johnson, D. P.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Matte-
son, McGaughey, McKissoek, Finis 13. McLean. Meacham,
Moore. Morehead, Nelson, Newell, Oale, Otis, Owen, Phos-
nix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, fchermerhom, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague. Stftnly, A-H.
Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Tavlor, John 8, Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Tuek, Underbill, vinton, White, Wil-
liams, Wilson,and Winthroj).
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Anderson, E. C. Cabell," J. P.
Caldwell, Clingmnn, Deberrv, Haymond, Hiliiard, George
G.ICing. Leviru Marshall, Morton, Outlaw, and Watkins.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, Preston King,
and Wilmor.
For Mr. French—Messrs. Bingham and Root.
For Mr. Prindle—Mr. Giddmus.
For Mr• Gouverneur— Mr. Holmes.
No choice.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to adjourn.'
THE EIGHTH OF JANUARY.
Mr. MCMULLEN" sent to the Clerk's table a
resolution, which he said he offered as a privileged
question, [a copy of-which could not he obtained,]
proposing: to express the sense of the House in
regard to" the achievements of the American arms
at New Orleans in 1815, and to commemorate the
dav by adjourning1 over till Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution was not a
privileged question, and could only be introduced,
therefore, by unanimous consent, or under a sus-
pension of the rules. It would, however, be in
order for the gentleman to move that when the -
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday
next.
Mr. McMULLEN submitted that motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays;
•which were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
58, nays 126.
So the motion was rejected.
^And then, on motion of Mr. VENABLE, the
House adjourned.
