1850.
THE CON&KBSS10NAL GLOBE.
praying; Congress, if it can, to protect the memo-
rialists in the use of their license from Thomas
Blanchard, who holds a patent for a machine for
working articles in wood and stone, and \0hich is
a very useful machine. Mr. Blanchard unites with
the memorialists ill praying that Congress will'do
something for the protection of his interests, and
especially the interests of those who hold licenses
under his patent. It had been hoped that enough
had been done, but there seems to be no end to the
ingenuity of man in evading legal prohibitions.
It has become customary, within the last few
years, for persons to take this machine and carry
it into the British provinces, and there manufac-
ture shoe-lasts, gun-stocks, and everything of that
kind, and import them into the United States at an
ad valorem duty. I desire to present these me-
morials to the Senate, that they may be referred to
the Committee on Patents, and I give notice that [
shall, to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill on
this subject, that it may be referred also to the
same committee, for the purpose, if it should meet
with approbation, of putting an end to this new
form of piracy.
The four petitions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents, and the petition of Blanchard to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
VARIOUS PETITIONS*
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of cit-
izens of the United States asking that diplomatic
intercourse between theGovernmentoftheUnited
States and the Austrian Empire may be suspend-
ed; which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. •
Also, the memorial of George R. Herrick, ask-
ing compensation for services as a clerk in the
office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of citizens of West Troy,
New York, asking that the soldiers who served in
the Florida war may be allowed the same bounty
land that was granted to those who served in the
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of Wil-
liam C. Brown, United States marshal for the dis-
trict of Georgia, asking an increase of compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Henry P. Willink, asking
permission to purchase a certain lot of ground be-
longing to the United States in the city of Savan-
nah, Georgia; w.hich was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of the regis-
ters and receivers of the land office at Jackson,
Mississippi, asking to be allowed a commission on
the entries of military bounty land warrants; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts, presented forty
petitions, numerously signed by citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, asking that corporal punishment may
lie abolished in the navy of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of the heirs
of James Chase, asking indemnity for French spo-
liations prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, the memorial of Charles Byrne, asking to
be allowed interest on money paid for lands and
refunded to the United States on account of defect-
ive titles; which fees referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of the
manufacturers of shoe-lasts in the city of New
York, asking to be protected against foreign vio-
lations of their patent lights; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the ad-
ministrator of Ambrose Vasse, the petition of
George Taylor, and the petition of the legal repre-
sentatives of Alexander McCauley, asking indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of Thomas Dennis, late a sea-
man in the navy of the United States, asking to
be allowed a pension on account of injuries re-
ceived in the discharge of his duty; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of the
register and receiver of the land office at St. Louis,
and a petition of the register and receiver of the
land office at Palmyra, in Missouri, asking to be
allowed commissions on entries of land under
bounty land warrants; which were referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented the momorial of
Henry Simpson, asking payment of a balance due
for his services as appraiser for the port of Phila-
delphia; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, the memorial of the heirs of James Van-
nuxen, and the memorial of the heirs of R. O'Bri-
en, asking indemnity for French spoliations prior
to 1800; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Wm.
H. Mariott, asking compensation for extra ser-
vices while Goliector of the Customs for the port
of Baltimore; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. *
Also, the memorial of the heirs of Wm. Duncan,
deceased, and the memorial of Geo. T. Warfield,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which weie ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUTLER presented the proceedings of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South
Carolina, in favor of the establishment of a branch
mint at that place; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted documents relating to
the. claim of B. F. Miller to compensation for
medical services and losses in the late war with
Mexico; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented the memorial of
the heirs of William C. Keene, an officer m the
last war with Great Britain, asking to be allowed
a pension for his services; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted documents re-
lating to the claim of the heirs of Wm. Vawters,
an officer in the revolutionary army, to commuta-
tion pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, asking that the reports and de-
bates and proceedings of the Senate may be print-
ed in phonetic character; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Also, the petition of citizens of Clarke county,
Ohio, asking that the rates of postage may be re-
duced and the franking privilege abolished; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Oifice
and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented seventeen petitions of
miners, laborers, mechanics, and others, citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking that the
tariff may be remodeled on the principle of ad va-
lorem duties and protection of domestic industry;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, four petitions from citizens of the Slate of
Pennsylvania, asking that tfte spirit ration in the
navy be abolished; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, five petitions from citizens of different parts
of Pennsylvania, asking that corporal punishment
in the navy be abolished; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial numerously signed by citizens
of the State of Pennsylvania, strongly urging upon
Congress to place the officers and soldiers of the
last war with Great Britain on the same footing, as
to pay and bounty land, with the officers and sol-
diers who served in the Mexican war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the heirs-at-law of Rob-
ert Cunningham, asking the payment of certain
promissory notes issued by the Continental Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a memorial from merchants and other citi-
zens of the State of Pennsylvania, asking the con-
struction of a harbor on Reedy Island, in the
Delaware river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted docu-
ments relating to the claim of the clerks in the
Adjutant General's office for increase of compen-
sation; which, with the memorial on the file's of
the Senate, were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of the
heirs of John Ross, and the memorial of the widow
of T. Ring, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions piior to 1800; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the peti-
tion of John D. Sheldon, asking to be allowed ad-
ditional compensation for services as 'assistant
book-keeper in the office'of the Third Auditor;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
Mr. DICKINSON presented the' petition of
David P. Barhydt, asking compensation for his
services as an officer in the custom-house at New
York; which was referred to the Committeeon
Commerce. , •
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of the mixed-blood Indians of the MenOmo^ea
nation, asking the payment of the fund set apart
for them by the treaty of the 18th of October,
1848; which was referred to the Committeeon In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of the late and
present registers and receivers of the land offices
at Dubuque and Fairfield, in Iowa, asking to be
allowed commissions on entries of military bounty
land warrants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of
Thomas R. Johnson, administrator of Rinaldo
Johnson, and Sarah A. Nuthill, administratrix of
Ann E. Johnson, asking compensation for a quan-
tity of tobacco destroyed by the British in the
year 1814; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Ordered, That the petition of William H. Topping; on the
files of the Senate, be referred to lhe Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the memorials and papers on the files o
the Senate, in relation to the claim of Barclay & Livingston
and others, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the executor of Carliu Page have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That the petition and papers on the files of the
Senate in relation to the claim of Cad Humphreys, and also
the petition and papers of James Edwards, toe referred to lhe
Committee on Military Allaire.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the papers on file in the Senate relating to
the claim of the legal representatives of Moses Shepherd be
referred to the Committee on Uoads and Canals.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS,
Ordered, That lhe papers on the files of the Senate relating
to the claim of Thomas Copperthwaite &. Co., and the reso-
lutions of lhe several State Legislatures on the subject of
the distribution of tiie decisions of the Supreme Court, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
Ordered, That the papers of John Spencer, late receiver
of public moneys at Fort Wayne, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN,
Ordered, That the papers of Joseph P. Williams, now on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Timothy P. An-
derson, on lhe files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
On motion by Mr. COOPER,
* Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mrs. Emetine
Porter, on the files of tile Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That David A. Watson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the memorial of Luther Bradish and others,
asking that ceitam statistics may be collected m connection
with the census, be referred to the Special Committee on
Uie Census.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That Dr. J. Likins have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William Miller,
on the files ot the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered. That the petition and papers, on the files of the
Senate, in relation to May Williams, lor compensation l'or
property destroyed by the Seminole Indians, be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to reduce the
minimum price of the mineral lands in the Lake
Superior district, in Michigan, and in the Chippe-
wa district of Wisconsin, reported the same with-
out amendment.
