I#4:
CdTVGRl^lO^jx GLOBE.
June 13,
the resolution is now the principal matter, I move
that it be filled up by the words " fifteen hundred,"
JMr. WALKER. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all that portion which relates
to the subscription by the Senate.
..Mr. FOOTE. Anxious,to proceed to the con-
sideration of the order of the day, I will not now
occupy the Senate with any remarks. I will merely
state that this document has been warmly recom-
mended by the Secretary of State;.that it has been
carefully examined by. the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and that they unanimously came to the
conclusion that it was a work of great value. The
Senator fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] has.
formed a high; opinion of.it; and I earnestly hope
the Senate will adopt the resolution withput the
amendment oifered by tiie Senator from Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. WEBSTER. I suppose it is known on all
hands thai the author of this pamphlet has been
about it for many years. It appears to me to be a
work of great value, and contains mufh useful in-
formation as to the commeice of the east; and as
to tke author printing it without a subscription,
that is out of the question. I hope the amendment
will not prevail, but that the resolution as it is of-
fered will be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. I had occasion once before,
■when a motion of this kind was made to print
two thousand copies of a certain work, to protest
against it. I am not aware by what authority the
Senate of the United States publishes books of
this kind, which are not specially demanded to aid
us in intelligent legislation, but which are designed
principally for general circulation. With regard
to the former case to which I have referred, 1 pro-
tested against the printing. I have learned that
the printing of that work would have cost us some
#30,000, if the stiict terms of the contract had
been adhered to. Under any circumstances, it
cost ys $12,000 to publish a pamphlet of a few pa-
ges of a report of decisions in the Supreme Court
of the United States, which is now, 1 suppose to
be found among the law leports every where, and
can be bought at the bookstores for a dollar or a
dollar and a half. This is a proposition to publish
a general book,, the result ot inquiries and obser-
vations of an individual. I am willing to vote for
the usual number to supply the Senate, but I am
opposed to making this body the vehicle to send
books out to thepublic. 1 shall vote for the lowest
number. This idea of publishing books to be sent
out to the public is likely to bring too onerous
duties upon this body, accoiding to my notions.
Mr. KING. The Seriate will recollect that the
papers containing the documents now proposed to
be printed were .communicated by the Slate De-
partment, and that they were very numerous. On
looking them over 1 came to the conclusion that a
large number of them would not be necessary to
be printed for any purpose connected with the
legislation of the country, and therefore I did not
ask for the printing of the whole of them. Jf
the whole of the documents communicated were
printed, they would cost, even under our present
contract, a sum which perhaps the value of the
documents would be fur from justifying; and they
"would not be so useful as the mere publication of
the document now rcferied to, inasmuch as they
would lead the mind to a variety of subjects not
connected with the important question in re srd
to our commerce in the east. 1 believe that most
of this pamphlet 13 of such a character as would
be useful in enabling us to judge of how far it
would be proper to institute diplomatic relations
with other countries—at least how far it would be
advisable to have consular agents in those coun-
tries where they would be permitted to reside, in
order that the interests of the country be
promoted. Phis individual has been enabled to
collect a great deal of information which will be
useful to us. As to the number of copies to be or-
dered, that is for the Senate to decide upon. Jf
Senators do not consider it necessary that this in-
formation should go to the country, but that it
should be merely confined to such a number of
copies as would be necessary for both Houses of
Congress, let such a number only be ordered. 1
lepeat, sir, that from the limited information I
possess of tnis work—though there is much that 1
do not entirely subscribe to—I think upon the
Whole it will be useful, as furnishing information
which we cannot well obtain in the same condensed
form m any other way. And the man who has
prepared this paper has done so without any fee
or re,ward. , He has doubtless labored as he sup-
posed for his own interest; but certainly, if the^
paper is of that description which I suppose it to
be, he. has labored for the benefit of his country.
The Secretary of State considered this a valuable
paper ; it \yas brought before the committee in
connexion with a rn.ass of other documents which
we did not think ought to te printed, and this was
selected. I am not much in the habit of recom-
mending the printing of works of a genera) charac-
ter at the cost of the Government, but thi,s is one
which I conceive might be useful. The individual
who prepared it is not in the employ of the Gov-
ernment, and he wishes to withdraw the paper
thus prepared, and to have it published for the
benefit of his country, and at the same time that
the Government should take such a number of
copies as may in a small degree reward him for
his labor.
Mr. BENTON. Does this come up regularly
from the calendar ?.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
was presented this morning, and was received by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BENTON. This seems to be a very ex-
temporaneous way of getting up business without
reference to what may be on the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
on this resolution, and the Chair would like to be
informed what the practice in a case of this kind
is. On looking at the rules, I find the following
as a part of the 2(ith rule:
"Anil all resolutions propositi" amendments to the Con-
stitution, or to which the iippiolMtion ami signature 01 the
President may be requisite, or which may grant money out
ol' the contingent fund, Mi,til tie treated, in all respect*, in
the introduction and form of proceedings upon them in the
Senate, in .i similar manner with bills ■" <uut all other reso-
lutions shall lie on the table one day for consideration, and
also repoits ot committees."
The Chair thinks this is restricted to that rule.
Mr. BENTON. 1 know that rule was made
for the protection of the contingent fund. I know
that all resolutions which relate to drawing money
out of the contingent fund are treated as bills.
The unanimous consent to consider them is asked
on the spot, where the sum to be granted is a
small one.
But, Mr. President, this is an old work, an old
manoeuvre on the part of booksellers, which has
been broken up for a while. There used to be an
old guard who came here to watcji and influence
the Senate m matters pertaining to their book-sales.
Now, the business seems to be pretty triumjjhant
again. I want to take a pud at it, not only to
illustrate the money part of the business, but to
show that we have been brought to the veii'e of a
war by the Senate of the United States having
purchased horn-books, got up by men who draw (
up what they please, night after night, and go
and put it down in the Secretary's office, and then, [
after a while, call it forth for the information ot i
the Senate. We have been brought to the verge
of a war by such impertinence as that, and I want
to show an instance of it. Sir, a Senator who
has attained the age of thirty years, and who
represents a sovereign State of this Union, is sup-
posed to have made himself acquainted with the
duties of his station. And, if not, there is a na-
tional library to which he has access, and he may
go there and qualify himself. ]
The framers of the Constitution never antici- i
pated that Senators thnty years of age were to j
purchase horn-bonks made for them, in older to
instruct them in their duties, and I want an oppor- .
'unity to say something on this subject. We come I
here to do one kind of business, and we follow \
anothej:. I believe we have no calendar, and no j
order of business, and we never know what is I
coming up till something is brought before us. 1
move that this resolution be laid over till I have
had an opportunity to gather up something that I
have laid by among my old papers and notes, and
which will serve to illustrate not mereJy the money
part of this business, but the danger to the country
ot receiving this information from books got up
by a person who perhaps has had an eye to num-
ber one during the whole session.
Mr. FOOTE. I made this report as the organ
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. I stated
in the hearing of the Senate that I did so under the
unanimous instruction of that committee. There
is one individual who happens to be a member of
that committee, who does not pretend to know a
great deal about the value of books, but he is well
satisfied that the other three gentlemen of the
committee have as much competency to judge of
the character of a book, and to judge whether it is
a horn-book, as any individual who undertakes to
denounce it. Now, sir, lam very indifferent as to
the number of copies. I certainly concur most
heartily with the members of the committee as to
the value of the book. I agree with the Secretary
of State, who is also acquainted with the subject;
and his reputation as a man of intellect and attain-
ments is much too high to need any vindication
from me against any suggestion that may come
from any quarter calculated to depreciate the repu-
tation of any ordinary person. But, I am not the
special champion of this particular proposition;
agreeins with the committee in regard to the gen-
eral merits of the book as well as with regard to
its being published in some mode by the Senate, I
became the organ of the committee, and thus be-
came responsible before the public for the motion
now pending. I wish it. to be understood that,
limited as my information is, I did not introduce
this motion for the purpose of monopolizing all
the instruction contained in that book; and I trust
that, young as I am—being somewhat over thirty
years of age [a laugh]—and limited as my inform-
ation is; 1 did not stand in need of any recommen-
dation from any quarter, to go to the national
library for instruction. Other gentlemen, who are
not in the habrt of boasting of their knowledge,
and who are not remarkable for self-sufficiency of
demeanor, are known to have recourse to the na-
tional library for instruction as well as entertain-
ment, as freely as those who boast of more knowl-
edge, and whose demeanor here is not character-
ized by too much bashfulness.
Sir, I have said all that I have to say upon the
subject, except that I am little inclined to waste
the funds of the Senate, and further, if you will go
back a little in the history of the Senate, and re-
view the appropriations which have been made for
purposes similar to this, I feel authorized to say
that ill this respect I would not suffer quite so
much detriment as others. On that score, therefore,
I am anxious thata full scrutiny should be had, snd
that most speedily. I therefore ask that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed, so
that all may have an opportunity of looking into
the matter as fully as may be requisite, and that
those gentlemen who concur with me in the neces-
sity of publishing the book may aid me in getting
it published.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Mississippi. 1 understand
the Chair to make ail intimation that there was a
doubt as to the course this report should take, and
whether there should be two or three readings. If
there is any doubt about it, I would suggest that
it have two readings now, and then be leferred. I
believe that all reports made during theses-ion,
while I have had a seat in this body, have been
treated as ordinary orders.
Mr. CLAY. I would prefer to have it laid upon
the table, because, with the honorable Senator
from Maine, I have some doubt whether this js a
ease to which the rule applies. This will afford
the Presiding Officer an opportunity to look to the
rule. And, besides, I fear we shall have a dis-
cussion upon it. 1 therefore move that it be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to give notice
that to-morrow, or at some subsequent time, £
shall ask leave to introduce a bill supplementary
to the act for taking the seventh census.'5 Com-
munication has been made to us that probahly the
compensation allowed for taking the census m
California and Oregon, unless some new provision
is made, will be insufficient. It ts deemed neces-
sary, therefore, to have a supplementary bill, by
which the necessary provision shall be made.
INDEX OF PATENTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered and
agreed to:
Revived, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Otiiee be instructed to inqnne into ttie propriety of causing
to be prepared and published an analytical index nf ttie
patents which have been ^ranti d by the United States to
promote tile progress of science and the uselut arts.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
