m
THM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorials of Frederick Dawson, James Sehott,
and Efiaha Dana Whitney, in .relation to vessels
furnished Texas before annexation to the United
States, reported against printing the same; which
was agreed to.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. BENTON gave notice of his intention to
bring in a bill proposing to the State of Texas the
reduction of her boundaries, the cession of her ex-
terior territory, and the relinquishment of all her
claims on the United States for a consideration to
be paid her by the United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill authorizing
new selections of land in lieu of worthless sections,
or sections of inferior quality, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the unpaid claims of the officers and sol-
diers of the Virginia State and Continental lines of
the revolutionary army; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate
appeals from the trial of issues in the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. YULEE,in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill amendatory of an
act entitled " An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the united States," approved
3d March, 1849; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill in re-
lation to donations of land to certain persons in
the State of Arkansas; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
TEXAS AND NEW MEXrCO.
Mr. HOUSTON asked the Senate to take up
and consider the resolution which was submitted
by him on the 27th ult.
There being no objection, it was taken up and
rtad, as follows :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all the otgeial cor-
respondence, since the 4th of March last, hetween the Gov-
ernment of the United Statey and the military authorities
stationed at Santa F6; also, all the correspondence between
the authorities oi tue State o{ Texas and those of the United
States Government, relating to the boundary or occupation
of the territory of Texas by the troop* of the United States;
also, tiie rea^oijs why the judicial authorities of the State of
Texas have not been recognized by the military authorities
at Santa Fe.
Mr. BADGER. 1 see no objection to the reso-
lution, except that the concluding clause assumes
as a fact that the military officers of the United
States have not recognized the judicial authority
of the State of Texas.
Mr. RUSK. The fact is undeniable. Besides,
there is no difficulty in the phraseology. If these
facts are not as stated, the President ot' the United
States can answer the inquiry. But I think the
fact will be found that these officers have treated
the country as a Territory of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. My friend does not take no-
tice of the concluding words. It is not that they
do not recognize the officers at Santa Fe ; but it is
as if they refused to recognize them anywhere.
Mr. RUSK. I think the honorable Senator
from North Carolina has a wrong impression.
Mr. BADGER. Oil examination I find that I
was mistaken.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the followingresolution,
■which lies over under the rules:
Resolved, That two Chaplains of different denominations
be elected to Congress during the present session, one by
each House, who ahati interchange weekly.
. On motion by Mr. SOULE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the causes of the
irregularity with which the mail service is performed be-
tween Washington and New Orleans, and to report on the
most effectual means of removing them.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
■Resolveii That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to return tc> iiie Senate the petition and papers of Horace
Squthmayd & Son, with a view to legislative action
therepn.
CENERAL ORDERS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There are several resolutions
of inquiry upon the table, which have laid there
some time; I hope the Senate will take them up in
their order. They will not, I apprehend, give rise
to debate, and they can be disposed of before the
Senate shall proceed to the special order. To ac-
complish this object I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution submitted by the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the reso-
lution of the gentleman forom Maine, [Mr. Brad-
bury,] which was submitted on the 24th ultimo, as
the first in order, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
laid before the Senate ali charges whicn have been preferred
or filed in any of the departments against individuals who
have been removed Iroin office since the 4th ol March last,
with a ^specification of the cases, if any, in which the offi-
cers charged have had opportunity to be heard, and a state-
ment of tiie number of removals made under each depart-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that resolution will not
be pressed at this time. I move that it be inform-
ally passed over for the present.
Mr. BRADBURY assented.
The motion was agreed to accordingly.
APPOINTMENTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the resolution
next in order to be that submitted by Mr. Clemens
on the 27th ultimo, as follows:
Reaolvpd, That the President of the United States he re-
quested lo inform the Senate, as early as practicable, wheth-
er any person has been by lam appointed civil or military
Governor ot California since the 4th of March last; and if
so, who has been so appointed, and what compensation has
been allowed bim.
Also, that he be requested to inform the Senate whether
any agent has been appointed by the Executive, or any of the
departments of the Government, and sent to California, with
instructions or authority to organize a State government for
that Territory, or to aid and advise the people within its
limits in such organization.
And (uriher, that he be requested to inform the Senate
how the delegates recently assembled in California, calling
themselves a convention, were elected ; by whom the qual-
ifications of the voters were fixed and determined; what
those qualifications were ; and by what law the time, places,
and manlier of holding said election was regulated.
And further, that lie be requested to intorm the Senate
whether any census of the inhabitants of said Territory has
been taken ; and it so, by what law, and under what au-
thority. •
And further, that he be requested to communicate to the
Senate all orders, (written or verbal,) instructions or cor-
respondence with any person as civil or military Governor
of Caliloinia, or as agent on the part of the United Htates
Government in Calilbrni.i.
And further, that he be requested to inform the Senate
whether any steps have been taken by the Executive, or any
department of the Government, to assemble a convention in
New Mexico, lor the purpose of adoptmga constitution and
making application for admission into the (Jnion ; and if so,
that he be requested to communicate to the Senate all or-
ders, instructions, and papers, in relation thereto.
Autfifuriher, that he be requested to inform the Senate
upon what ground he bases the opinion expressed in his an-
nual message of December 4, 1849, that the people of New
Mexico will "at no very distant period present themselves
for admission into the Union."
Mr. DAWSON. I will move to amend that res-
olution so as to include the preceding as well as
the present Administration.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the mover of that reso-
lution will consent to have it passed over informal-
ly. It covers a great deal of ground.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 beg leave to say to my friend
from Alabama that I trust he will not yield to the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have no objection to an
amendment of the latter part of the resolution, or
to its being stricken out, but I shall make no mo-
tion.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the latter clause
be stricken out.
Mr. RUSK. I see no necessity for these words
being stricken out. We need this information.
There is a question of jurisdiction, perhaps, in-
volved in this case. We are compelled to believe
that there has been a government established at
Santa Fe, under the direction of the President of
the United States; and it appears this has been
done in opposition to the wishes of the people. It
seems to me it is proper that this question should
come before the Senate for our information, and
for the information of the country. It is a grave
question, and involves serious consequences.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest the propri-
ety of allowing this subject to pass over a day or
two. I made the moWon to postpone the special
order, that we might take up such resolutions as
would give rise to no debate, and I do not think it
would be right to move to postpone one debata-
ble question and take up another.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is another resolution
which the honorable Senator from Mississippi
says he shall call up, and which requires that this
resolution should be previously discussed, on ac-
count of the relation which it has t^his. The
resolution is before us, and I intend it -shall be
voted upon. I agree there is nothing in the reso-
lution which we have not a right to demand. It
asks for nothing which should not have been con-
tained in the message of the President. If that was
what it should have been, this resolution would
i not have been on the table. Had he submitted
[ facts which his position required that he should,
] it would not have been necessary to call for inform-
| ation. The resolution is intended for no partisan
I purpose. I would as soon think of throwing a
j flaming torch into a magazine as of making a par- .
tisan question of this matter. My attention was
called to the subject by the Governor of the State
of Alabama. The people of that State believe a
fraud has been practiced, and they call for inform-
ation. What a farce it is to say you oppose, and
still do the same things which the Wilmot proviso
proposes to accomplish. Are we to be treated
like sick children, who are induced to take the
medicine offered them by giving the pill a coat of
sugar ?
You will not pass the Wilmot proviso, but you
come here and pass the same principle which that
proviso involves; and, in doing so, you violate
all precedents since the establishment of the Gov-
ernment. And why will you do it? Will a single
Senator get up and say that he would vote for the
admission of that State were it not for the exist-
ence of slavery in this country ? Is there one here
who would be so reckless as to vote for the admis-
sion of California were it not for the slavery ques-
tion ? 1 say it is a matter which we ought to know
all about, and I intend to know all about it. I did
not introduce this resolution as an assault on Gen.
Taylor; but I will say that, though I care nothing
for him as the head of a political party, I do care
for that portion of his followers whose interests
are identified with my own. I make no war on
him, save only when he makes war on the slavery
question. I shall do all I can to harmonize in-
stead of divide the feelings of different sections of
the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall be ready Co vote for
the most searching resolutions on this and many
other subjects, when they come up, as I think, in
a proper manner; but I do not think this resolu-
tion should be pressed now; because the motion
to postpone the special order of the day was made
simply in order that such resolutions might be ta-
ken up as would lead to no debate. I now feel
constrained to move that this resolution lie on the
table and be printed. I will be as ready as the
Senator from Alabama to take ft up at a proper
time, and ask for the facts necessary to elucidate
the question.
Mr. FOOTE, Mr. BUTLER, and Mr. BOR-
LAND rose to speak, the motion to pr"at being
debatable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw the motion to
print, and move that it lie on the table.
Mr. FOOTE. I will offer an amendment that
it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is not
in order.
Mr. MASON. I will submit to the gentleman
from Illinois whether he will not withdraw that
motion. I think this is a question which should
be debated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am ready for a debate on
the resolution, and a searching one; but I must
say, as I before stated, that I do not think it would
be right for me to move to postpone one debatable
resolution and to take up another.
