112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
made removals himself, or by his agents, required
by law to be made by the Executive. 1 am pre-
pared to take issue with the Senator from Vermont,
or any other Senator who wishes to stifle this kind
of inquiry. If there is anything improper or un-
constitutional in this matter, it is certainly not in
the terms of the resolution, but in the conduct re-
ferred to by it. I wish, before saying more on this
subject, to give to the Postmaster General ample
opportunity to state whether these things are true
or not. If they are true—if he has gone on remov-
ing and appointing officers where he had no right
to°do so, it is fit that not only this body, but the
American people should know it. I wish to give
that officer the opportunity of saying for himself
what are the facts in regard to this matter, and
this is what the resolution proposes. I hope,
therefore, no opposition will be offered to it, but
that it will be suffered to pass, so that the Senate
may have an opportunity of providing, if they oc-
cur through defective laws, against such occur-
rences in the future.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand the Senator
from New York [Mr. Dickinson] to avow here
that the Postmaster General has been discharging
duties which by law are required to be performed
by the Executive? And does he by these means
seek to ascertain whether the President neglects
his duties, and then call it a mere resolution of in-
quiry? It is a direct attack on the Chief Executive
of the Government. If it is the duty of the Pres-
ident, to which reference is had, why not call on
him directly for information ? Why call on the
Postmaster General, and ask him if he has on his
own responsibility discharged the duties of the
President, or whether he has usurped the Execu-
tive power or not ? I regard the resolution as one
which is not calculated to promote that harmony
and good feeling which should exist between the
several departments of the Government. If, in the
opinion of Senators, the President deserves their
censure, let them attack him directly and openly,
and not covertly and insidiously. This resolution
I look upon, although it may not, and I hope it
was not so intended, as an indirect attack upon the
President.
Mr. DICKINSON. The resolution speaks for
itself, and carries its intention on its face. My
legislative experience—the little I have had—has
taught me that it is ever better to send resolutions
of inquiry directly to the persons who are sup-
posed to know something about the subject in re-
gard to which information is sought.
When information is desired from the Postmas-
ter General, therefore, it is better to send directly
to him, rather than to the President or to the Sec-
rit-iry of the Treasury. In regard to this matter
the President is not supposed to have acted at all,
or even to know anything concerning it. The
resolution simply asks the Postmaster General
whether he has done certain acts, and if he has, by
wl'at authority ? I am glad to see that this Admin-
istration and the Executive have found so able a
champion as the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son.] The gentleman, in his zeal, seems to think
a bare resolution of inquiry as to the conduct of
the Postmaster General an attack upon the Ad-
ministration. If the gentleman finds attacks in
such resolutions, and feels called upon to repel
them on every occasion, his services, I apprehend,
will often be called into requisition during this ses-
s'on. Nothing of the kind is intended by the reso-
lution, and no one has the right—I mean parlia-
mentary or with propriety—to impute intentions
to a resolution that do not appear upon its face. It
is very important to the Senate to know whether
a certain class of officers shall be appointed by the
President or by the Postmaster General. It is
important to know whether that officer exceeded
his powers, by mistake or otherwise. If the law
is defective, it is important we should have it
amended; and, above all, it i3 important to enforce
a rigid accountability in these departments, and
that, when asked, they should give information of
their official acts. I do trustno opposition will be
made to the resolution.
Mr. DAWSON. My mode of attack is always
to march directly up to the object aimed at. I
know the honorable Senator from New York is a
distinguished lawyer, and he knows that the law
presumes that every man does his duty till the con-
trary is made to appear. The gentleman calls on
a subordinate officer to learn whether the Presi-
dent has done his duty. Would it not have been
better, would it not at least have shown a higher
degree of magnanimity, to have called on the Pres-
ident and asked him if he had permitted a subal-
tern to usurp his power? I repeat,with due re-
spect to the honorable Senator from New York,
that I do not think he has taken the proper mode
to ascertain the course of the President of the
United States. .
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make no issue w ith
the honorable Senator from New York on this
question, and, for the reason which I before sug-
gested, I desire that the question may be delayed.
I have not examined the resolution; it may be
right; but in my judgment it will establish a pre-
cedent which we cannot entertain constitutionally.
I do not wish for the first time to adopt a resolution
which does not fall within our constitutional
sphere. I have no objection to inquiries. I am
informed, and I have no doubt of the fact, that the
Postmaster General will be able to answer any
questions which the gentleman from New York
may make. I have no idea that he has assumed
powers belonging to the President or to this body.
It is not for the purpose of shielding him that I
make these remarks, and 1 believe he will meet
the inquiries in a manner that will be satisfactory
to all. This resolution, in my humble judgment,
sets a precedent for inquiries which are not only
not constitutional, but which have the effect of an
aspersion upon the President himself. I hope the
resolution may lie over till an opportunity may be
had to examine it.
Mr. SEWARD. I have examined the resolu-
tion for the purpose of seeing if it contained any-
thing objectionable, and 1 am satisfied that there is
no information demanded by it that it is not the
right, and which it might not be, under some cir-
cumstances, the duty of any Senator to call for.
The only objection I should have to it is, that it
does not specify any particular instance of, or
name any person or place in connection with, the
supposed violation of law. I should prefer that it
did so, as it would operate as a guide to the Post-
master General. However, if my colleague thinks
that is not a serious objection to the resolution,
I hope Senators will allow it to pass to-day.
Mr. HALE. I feel no particular interest in
any question between the Administration and its
assailants, nor do I know to what matters the
resolution of the Senator from New York refers,
but it strikes me there is something indecorous 111
it. It asks a public officer of the Government if
he has not been guilty of a gross breach of duty,
for which the Senate could punish him by impeach-
ment or expulsion. This is a position in which I
have no desire to place any man. As I said be-
fore, I feel no great interest in the light between
the Administration and its assailants, or whether
they come out point blank or quartering; but I
have a hope, though it is not a very strong and
abiding one, that a day will yet dawn on this Re-
public when there will be an Administration in
power in which I shall feel more sympathy. 1 do
not want now, therefore, to establish the prece-
dent or example of the right and power of the
Senate, by a solemn legislative act, to propound
the question to a Cabinet officer, " Have you not
started in the administration of your department
in gross and palpable violation of the law and the
Constitution?" That, at any rate, is what the
resolution amounts to in substance; or, in other
words, it is asking him if the President is not such
an automaton as to stand still and allow him to
pull the wires. The resolution goes even further,
and says: " If you have done this, where did you
get the law to authorize you to do it—the Senate
want to know itr" If such things as are here
intimated have been done, it is subject for impeach-
ment, and not of inquiry. If such flagrant and
flagitious conduct was perpetrated, it should be
brought before the Senate m its judicial capacity,
and it is also due to the people that the facts should
be laid before the country. I am ready to ask for
all the information that the Administration or any-
body else has to give, for I think information will
I not hurt the Senate. They are in need of it; not
only on this but on many other subjects. But 1
am opposed to putting m the shape of inquiries for
information a gross attack on any of the officers of
this Government. 1 ask pardon of those more
intimately connected with this Administration for
volunteering my humbe services in this matter,
because the President has champions here who
will not fail, even before the gigantic powers of the
experienced Senator who has made the move upon
them. I only desire to put in a protest, so that
by-and-by, when different men shall be in power
here, this resolution shall not be a precedent for a
renewal of a similar course of conduct.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have yet to learn that
my resolution is either indecorous or improper, the
gentlemen who have spoken to the contrary not-
withstanding. Was it indecorous to ask the Post-
master General whether he had made certain ap-
pointments or removals? Why, my friend from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who speaks in a
double capacity as a friend of this Administration,
and also of the next one to come, and who insists
that the passage of this resolution would be a
breach of decorum, calls on this Senate for an act
of impeachment, and for the removal from office
of a high functionary of the Government. I make
no such suggestions. I leave all that to the defend-
ers of an Administration who seek to cover up,
at the very commencement of their career here,
their own conduct; who are unwilling a resolution
should ask whether they have done certain acts.
I will not go so far. I will not pass judgment on
these or any other matters until they are before rne.
But it is my right and duty to make the inquiries
I propose, with a view to legislative action. If the
laws are evaded in this particular, they should be
amended; if they are violated, they must be made
more stringent snd difficult of violation; and to do
this we must have this information.
But we are told we must not proceed. They
cannot answer without criminating themselves. If
there are other considerations which grow out of
it, 1 will not speak of them. I will leave it for
my friend, who speaks of parliamentary decorum.
I have made no assault on this Administration.
When I do, none of my friends on the other side
shall seek for it in any indirection. Sir, I will
strike with the point of my spear the shield of
their Du Bois Gilberts. I think the resolution
should be passed without debate. If everything
has been entirely right, and there has been no vi-
olation of law, it is all well. It is simply a reso-
lution calling for information, such a one as I had
a right to offer. I have had reason to believe that
there has been a course of appointments in the
Post Office Department not entirely proper, and I
wish the Postmaster General to give an explana-
tion of the subject. These are my reasons for of-
fering the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I have taken the opportunity
still further to examine the resolution, and 1 agree
with the gentleman from Georgia, that the inquiry,
if properly made at all, could only be directly of
the Executive. If there has been a violation of
law by one of the subordinates, 1 have no objec-
tion to its being made public; but this resolution,
without any preliminary charge, calls upon the
subordinate to say whether he has been guilty of
a gross usurpation of power or not. And the con-
cluding clause asks him under what law he acted
in so doing. The tendency of the adoption of the
resolution is obvious. We are to have a long cor-
respondence with the Postmaster General; for,
certainly if he is arraigned before this body, he
will have to be allowed his explanations. This is
clearly not the proper course to pursue. The
charge should be substantiated before it is thus cir-
culated. Besides, for the information there referred
to, the President is the proper source to apply to-
Mr. DICKINSON. There are one or two rea-
sons why the inquiry should not be made of the
President. First, it is well understood that he
leaves all these matters to the Cabinet. Another
reason is, that he can know nothing of this matter
except through the Post Office Department. It is
preferable, therefore, to appeal directly to the Post-
master General.
Mr. KING. I believe the custom has been to
I call upon the heads of departments for informa-
:• tion only as to matters pertaining to their offices.
1 This resolution calls upon the Pomaster General
for information on a matter not pertaining to his
office, but to that of the Executive. I am unwil-
ling to enter upon so unprecedented a course as to
adopt a resolution of this character, ready and de-
j sirous as I am to get all the information that may
I be needed. 1 hope the Senator will suffer the res-
i olution to lie over for the present.
! Mr. DICKINSON. I have no objection to its
I lying over, to give gentlemen an opportunity to
| examine it; and should not have pressed the sub-
I ject to-day, had it not been attacked by the gentle-
