1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
second time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanyingre-
port, ordered to be printed.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the following; cases; wliich
were severally ordered to lie on the table and be
printed, viz:
The petition of James Armstrong;, praying- that
an act may he passed to refund him and James
Coulter money paid by them for rent for quarters
for the second regiment of Pennsylvania volun-
teers; and
The resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Indiana, asking the passage of a law to enable
said State to draw arms and equipments from the
United States.
The Committee of Ways and Means having
been called,
Mr. BAYLY rose and said: The seventy-ninth
rule declares that—
"It shall also be the dutyofthe Committee of Ways and
Means, within thirty days after their appointment, at every
session of Congress, commencing on the fmi Monday of
December, to report the general appiopriation lulls, (or tile
civil arid diplomatic expense1'of the Government, for the
army, for the navv. and lor the Indian Department and In-
dian annuities; or', 111 failure thereot, the reasons of the
tdilure."
I am directed by the committee, under this last
clause of the rule, to make a statement to the
House. On the third of June, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] moved a resolution censuring
the Committee of Ways and Means:—
"Rcsoluetl, That, inasmuch as the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House have not yet reported the annual
appropiiation bill, providing for the civil and diplomatic
expen-es of the Government, Tor ttie next fiscal year winch
will beffin after the thirtieth day of the present month, but
has neglected and failed to present the same for more than
four months beyond the time when, by the practice and rule
of the Hou^e, tile saniCrhouM have been reported, the said
committee he now instructed and dirmetl to report the said
bill, and such other general appropriation hills as have not
yet been brought tn at this session, without farther delay,
And in answer to a question of my colleague [Mr.
McMullen] as to the period when these bills
were usually reported, he said within thirty days
after the appointment of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK, (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to say a wGrd in
explanation ?
The SPEAKER (to Mr. Bayly.) Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia give way?
Mr. BAYLY." I will yield to the gentleman, if
he desires to make an explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK said, that the gentleman's col-
league [Mr. McMullen] was reported in the
Globe of the next morning to have asked him (Mr.
S.) when the general appropriation bills were
actually reported; in the confusion of the Hall he
had misunderstood the gentleman, and supposed
him to have asked when the rule required they
should be reported. To this inquiry, he (Mr. S.)
had replied,'Within thirty days from the appoint-
ment of the committee; but seeing the next morn-
ing that the gentleman's inquiry wasm a different
form from what he had supposed, he had had his
own reply corrected for the Congressional Globe,
by stating that it was a reply to the question which
he had just stated he understood to have been put.
The gentleman [Mr. Bayly] would so find his
(Mr. S.'s) reply by reference to the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said, the explanation
of the gentleman did not mend the matter in the
least, because in his resolution the gentleman had
stated that he (Mr. B.) neglected and delayed the
report of the general appropriation bill at the pres-
ent session for more than four months beyo.nd the
time when, by the practice and rule of the House,
such appropriation bills were required to be re-
ported.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask for the reading of the
resolution which I offered.
Mr. RAYLY. I have rpad it, as contained in
the official report of the " Globe."
Mr. RUMSEY rose to a point of order. The
rule, as he understood it, required that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should either report
the " general appropriation bills within thirty days
from their appointment, or, in case of failure to
do so, report their reasons." He did not under-
stand the gentleman to be offering a report from
that committee of his reasons. The gentleman
did not profess, in the remarks which he had thus
far made, to give a report which was authorized
by the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. I am about—if gentlemen would
be patient—to report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Virginia as rising to make a state-
ment which he has been directed, as chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to make, as
to the reasons why they have not reported the
general appropriation bills.
Mr. STANLY. Do I understand the Speaker
as deciding that the Committee of Ways and
Means have the right to make a verbal report of
that sort?
The SPEAKER. That point has not been de-
cided. The point of order raised by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Rumsey] was, that the
gentleman from Virginia was not making a report 11
of the reasons why the appropriation bills had not i|
been reported. The facts were, as the Chair had jj
stated, that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. ji
Bayly] had risen and stated that he had been di- jj
rected by the Committee of Ways and Means to |j
make a statement in reference to the reasons why !|
these bills had not been reported, in compliance jl
with the rule. The gentleman was proceeding to jl
make this statement, when the gentleman from !j
New York [Mr. Rtjmsey] rose to the point of jl
order, that the gentleman was not making an i
authorized report of the reasons why the com- J
mittee had not reported the bills. [I
Mr. BAYLY. I think it is very extraordinary
that 
Mr. SCHENCK?* (interposing.) I rise to a
question of order. Under the seventy-ninth rule
it is provided, in terms, that the Committee of
I Ways and Means shall report certain appropria-
; tion bills within a limited time, or, in failure to do
I so, that they shall report the reasons for their
i failure. The committee are required to report an
; affirmative—either the bills or the reasons of their
! failure. All reports must be in writing. As t
j understand, the chairman of the Committee of
I Ways and Means proposes to report a bill, and
S also the reasons for the failure 
I Mr. BAYLY, (111 his seat.) I have not stated j:
| whether 1 was going to report a bill-  ;
i Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman reports a ;
i bill, he cannot report reasons for the failure. ii
I Mr. BAYLY. I have not proposed to report a :l
, bili. jl
j Mr. SCHENCK. In case of failure to report ,j
: the appropriation bills within thirty days, the rule j
: requires the committee to report their reasons for i
i such failure; but instead of a report, (which must |j
j be in writing,) the chairman gets up here to make j
a verbal statement, or a speech, as a substitute for ji
a report to this House.
Mr. CARTTER called his colleague [Mr. ij
Schenck] to order.
: The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,,
j on the left, [Mr. Schenck,] is stating a point of-;
order. ;j
Mr. CARTTER.. Is a point of order debata- ,1
1 k'The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. The jj
Chair will request the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. j;
Schenck] to confine himself to a mere statement ^
of his point of order. |!
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly I shall. Now, h
instead of confining himself to making a report j
of the reasons for the failure of the committee, the jj
chairman proposes  j,
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a point of order. <;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio, Ij
! on the right, [Mr. Cartter,] is out of order. ,j
The gentleman from Ohio, on the left, [Mr.
Schenck,] is stating a point of order. It is out
of order to raise a second point of order, until the
first one is disposed of. Thegentleman fromOhio
[Mr. Schenck] will proceed with his point of order.
Mr. CARTTER. Can I not require that the
point of order shall be reduced to writing t I
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Schenck.) The gen-
Mr. CARTTER. Bid the Chair wait to hear
my point of order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot rise to a point of order when there is al-
ready a gentleman on the floor stating a point of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will begin where I left off.
That instead of making a report in the form in
which it is usually made, the chairman is sub-
mitting a verbal statement, or a speech, taking
some resolution which has been offered hereto-
fore—no matter what it was—for his (ext. My
objection is, that the gentleman's statement is not
within the meaning and intention of the rule,
which requires the committee to make a repoit of
the reasons for their failure; this verbal statement
is not capable of being laid on the table, recom-
mitted, or otherwise acted upon as a " report" of
a committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] submits as a point, that it is not
in order for thegentleman from Virginia to make a
verbal statement, as a report of the Committee of
Ways and Means, upon this subject; the Chair
is of opinion that the Committee must report in
writing and -that the statement of the gentleman
from Virginia, can only be received by the unani-
mous consent of the House, or if he brings it in
as the report of a committee, that it must be in
writing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to the gentleman's
making a verbal statement. I should like to see the
" reasons " in writing.
Mr. BAYLY. It is very extraordinary after
the gentleman from Ohio has brought in a resolu-
tion censuring theCommittee of Ways and Means,
that lie should now object to hearing the reasons
: why they have not reported.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman from Vir-
j ginia to order.
| Mr. BAYLY. The rule requires that we should
- report the reasons; is it necessary that that report
j be in writing?
, The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
j report of a committee must be in writing,
i Mr. BAYLY resumed his seat.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. A11 reports
of committees in reference to business must be in
writing, but I feel myself constrained to.appeal
from the decision of the Speaker, that the reasons
for the non-action of the committee should be in
writing. I think the very nature of the rule itself
piecludes the idea that the statement or report
should be in writing. It is intended merely aa
information for the House; it is not a report to be
made on which the action of the House can be
taken.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the subject is debatable,
I shall want to take p.wt in the discussion.
If it is not, I call the gentleman from Mississippi
to order.
The SPEAKER, (to'Mr. Schenck.) The gen-
tleman from Mississippi takes an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. And theappeal is debatable.'
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I wish to
make a single statement upon the point of order—
not an argument. The' rule requires that reports
for business shall be m writing; adverse reports, I
know, are very frequently made, not in writing,
but by the mere statement of the member ma-
kins- the report that the committee has acted
unfavorably upon the question, tn case of busi-
ness reports there is manifest propriety that they
should be reduced to writing; but this state-
ment of the reasons why the committee has not
reported in such a time is a very different thing
from a business report. It is a mere statement
exculpatory of appaient neglect of the committee,
Called for by a rule of the House for the informa-
j tion of members, and not to be mauc the basis of
tie man from Ohio wdl make the statement of his jl any motion. It cannot be laid on the table, as the
t f o der ,i gentleman from Ohio suggests; it u not to oe
P0Mr°SCHENCK. When my colleague inter- jj considered, it is not to be reversed; it is a mere
ivu. wj-x. ^ _ / -> . ; \ ^ infrtrmntmn nf fhp HftllSP nrirf
rupted me, I was stating that instead ot reporting j
written statement of reasons for the failure to re- j
j port, as required by the rule, the chairman is con-
fining himself to a verbal statement,
i Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman [Mr.
I Schknok] to order. .
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
|i [Mr. Schenck] is in order m making the state-
i) ment of his point of order.
^atement for the information of the House and
the country; and, therefore, from the very nature
of the case, I should think a verba! statement must
be the proper way in which this report should be
made.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I move that the appeal be
laid on the table.
Mr. SILVESTER. I move that the House re-
solve itselt' into Committee of the Whole on the
