mm
mm oomsrsshonal -GLOBE.
June 14,
state of the Union, for the further consideration of
the California bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope not, I have a parcel of
bills which I am ready to report.
Mr. DANIEL, i suppose it will be in order to
renew the 'motion which I made to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House to take up the private
•calendar?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in or-
der.
Mr. DANIEL. I make that motion.
Thequestion being •firston Mr. Daniel's motion,
the yeas and nays were asked and refused,
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative.
Mr. BRTGGS. The morning hour-having ex-
pired, I move that the House proceed to business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. A motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, is
pending, which has precedence of the motion to
teke up the business on the Speaker's table; that
motion being; rejected, the motion of the gentleman
will be in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, was un-
derstood to ask leave to make a report from the
-Committee on the Judiciary.
Objection was made.
The pendingquestion being on the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
Mr. WHITE asked if the Committee of Ways
and Means wished to report?
Mr. BAYLY. I have three very important
bills to report.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on
the motion of Mr. Silvester.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused. ,
The question was taken and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused togo into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
recurred on the motion of the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,] to lay on the table the
appeal of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson.]
iYln THOMPSON, of Mississippi, in accord-
ance wfth the wishes of some of my friends around
me, I withdraw the appeal.
Reports still being in order—
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriation
out of the revenues of the Post Office Department
for its service for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1851.
He moved that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
printed.
He said he believed the motion to print was de-
batable, and inquired of the Speaker if this was
tile case ?
The SPEAKER replied,that the question on the
motion to print in this case must be confined within
very narrow limits, viz., the propriety of priming
this bill. The rule of the House was express that
all proceedings touching appropriations of money
should be first considered in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was then referred and ordered to be
printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making appropriation for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for the fulfillment of treaty stipulations with
the Indian tribes, for the year ending the 30th
June, 1851; which, being read a first and second
time by its title, was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
DEFICIENCIES FOR JUDICIARY.
Mr. BAYLY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill appropriating $50,000 to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriation for the judicial ex-
penses of Government for the fiscal year ending;
3 Kh June, 1851; which was read a first and second
time by its title, with a view to commitment.
in reporting this bill, Mr. B. desired to say to
the House, as he could now do it in order, for its
understanding of a motion which he should im-
mediately make, that he was informed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, m a letter received yester-
day, that unless this appropriation were made at
once, the most serious embarrassment would occur
to the country. There was a deficiency in the ap-
propriations fordefraying the expenses of the Judi-
ciary Department of the country: marshals were
here now whose accounts coukl not be settled be-
cause of the -want of funds. And he was told that
there was great danger that the United States
-courts would not be able to be held in the several
States unless this bill were passed. It was a short
bill; it contained the precise item which he had
moved to the deficiency bill when it was before
the House, and which was ruled out of order.
He made this statement because, as soon as this
bill was read and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, he should ask
the House to resolve itself into committee to take
up this bill. He should make such a statement
as, he thought, would satisfy the House and the
country that it ought to be passed in ten minutes.
The bill was read through.
The bill was teferred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with the view oftakmg up the bill, the
character of which he had just explained.
Mr. VINTON. I beg leave to say 1 hope the
motion will prevail.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union is clearly in
order. It will be for the committee to detemiine
what question they will take up.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Bayly, and agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on th-e-state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd
in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the committee take
up the bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the Judiciary Department.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of order: I
ask the Chair to decide whether the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia is in order or not. If I
understand the rule, it provides that the business
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall be taken up in the order in which it
stands on the calendar.
Mr. BAYLY. The general appropriation bills
have precedence.
Mr. JONES replied that this was not one of the
general appropriation bills which came within the
provisions of that rule. The deficiency bill was
one unknosvn to the rule, ey-id not provided for by
the rule. *
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
the reading of the rule regulating the order of
business m committee.
It was read, as follows:
"In Committer- of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the bill- Mi.ill he taken up and di*po*( d of n their ordt-r cm
the calendar; hut when objection is made to the considera-
tion of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide
without (iflMie, wiieihei its-hall be taken" up and dispo-^d
o>, or laid atid*?: piovided, that general uppropi iatn>n htiU,
and, in time of war, bills lor raiding men or money, and bills
concerning a treaty of peace, s-hall be preferred to all
other bi!l-s at the discretion of the committee—and, when
demanded by any member, the question shall first be put in
regaid to tuem."
The CHAIRMAN decided the motion to be in
order, and suggested that, for the purpose of
reaching this bill, the proper motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia would be, to lay aside" the
California bill with the view of following up that
motion by a motion to take up this bill.
Mr. JONES. I submit this question of order:
whether the California message is not the ver-y
first business, and whether the committee are not
acting upon that under an order of the House, that
they shall proceed to vote upon such amendments
as are pending and shall be offered, and shall re-
port them to the House? and can this committee
dispense with that order of the House in order to
get at this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN said, the same order had
been passed by the House with reference to the
Oregon land bill, and yet that bill remained undis-
posed of in committee and superseded by other
matter. The Chair had no difficulty in deciding
that it was in order to move to lay aside the Cali-
fornia bill.
Mr. BAYLY. That is the motion I make.
Mr. JONES. Then the Chair decides, as I un-
derstand, that the committee can act in violation
of the order of the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
they can lay aside this bill and take up another, if
they4 see fit.
Some further conversation took place on the
point of order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, submitted that
the resolution adopted by the House was a per-
emptory order dnecting the committee to vote on
the various propositions on the California ques-
tion. If a similar order had been made directing
the Committee of Ways and Means, or any other
committee of the House, to do a certain thing,
could that committee disregard the order of the
House?
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair would again
state that there was precisely such an order in the
cas>e of the Oregon land bili.
Mr. PRESTON KING suggested that the cases
were not parallel. TheOiegon land bill had been
made a special order for a certain time, and before
the bill was disposed of, the time allotted to it as a
special order expired.
Mr. GREEN suggested that if there was no
special order, it was competent for the committee
to take up any business it chose.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, submitted that
there was no instance in which, when an order of
this kind had been passed by the committee, the
House had proceeded to other business before the
bill had been disposed of.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Ste-
phens and the Chair, of which but little was heard
i by the reporter.
Mr. JONES restated his point of order.
Mr. VIN I ON inquired whether the California
bill had been made a special order by any other
vote than that which closed the debate at a certain
time?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. VINTON contended, then, (he said,) thai
there was no special order.
Mr. JONES said, that under the construction
which he inferred the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] put upon the bill, it would be in order for
any member when the House again went into
committee, to move at any time that he thought
proper, to take up other business.
Mr. INGEinquired what the decision of the
Chair was?
The CHAIRMAN stated it.
Mr.JiNGE believed, he said, the appeal was not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not debatable.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
ask one question as to the uniform practice 
Objections and cries to order.
Mr. ASHE moved that the committee rise.
The motion was rejected.
The question then recurred on the appeal.
The CHAIR stated the question: The Chair
had decided that the California message and bili
were first in order before the committee. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] moved to
toy them aside in order to take up a bill, which the
Chair decided came within the spirit and meaning
of the rule giving precedence to general appropria-
tion bills. From this decision the gentleman from
! Georgia £Mr. Stephens] had appealed, upon the
ground that, under the oider of the House, the com-
mittee must complete the business now before it.
The question, 44 Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and, having been decided in the
affirmative—
The California message and bill were laid aside.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the deficiency bill be
taken up.
-Mr. POTTER inquired what was the next bu-
siness in order on the calendar ?
The _CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, it will be theOregop land bill.
Mr. POTTER. Does any one object to its
consideration ?
