1850.
TWfi <CON6RESSI0NA|, GLOBE.
1209
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is to proceed
to the consideration of one of the appropriation
bills.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
POTTER and the CHAIRMAN.
Mr. JONES submitted that this was not a gen-
eral appropriation bill, but a special bill in addi-
tion to the general appropriation bill which had
heretofore passed, and that, therefore, it did not
come within the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. As it is a bill to pay'sala-
ries of persons whose pay is regulated by law, the
Chair decides that it comes within the meaning
and spii it of the rule.
Mr. JONES said, we have passed an appropri-
ation bill to pay these sums.
The question, was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly and was decided in the affirmative
without a division.
So the committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to supply deficiencies in appropriations
for the service of the current fiscal year.
A debate followed, in which Messrs. BAYLY,
SCHENCK, JONES, and GREEN participated,
and which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr JONES moved to amend the bill by striking
out $50,000, and inserting $1.
A furtherdebate ensued, which will be published
•with the foregoing'.
The question was taken, and the motion of Mr.
Jones was rejected.
Mr. ASH.E moved to insert $30,000 instead of
the amount mentioned in the bill.
* He said $30,000 was the only actual deficiency;
for the rest the Secretary of thelnteriorhad drawn
on his imagination, or his prophetic powers. He
(Mr. (A.) objected to this helter-skelter mode of
appropriation, because it appeared to him that if
they were going to vote away the public money
in this way, without ever having the bilis punted,
they might agrwell atoncc erase the rule which re-
quired all appropriation bills to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union.
"What was the object of that rule? It was that
they might know what they were voting upon.
His friend from Virginiasaid theJudiciary wanted
the money, but it was admitted a part of it was
not for deficiency but for prospective wants. JHe
(Mr. A.) could not and would not vote for such
appropriations, however desirous he might be of
extending every facility to the operations of this
Government.
Mr. BAYLY wished to be allowed to say one
word in reply to his fiiend from North Carolina.
The actual deficit now ascertained by the accounts
that had come in was $30,000; butall the moneys
being paid out, and the Secretary of the Interior
knowing positively that other accouts would come
in, had suggested the sum proposed.
In reference to the remark of the gentleman that
they were voting, haphazard, around sum, in the
dark, he, (Mr. H.) would only say that in regard
to objects of that character, it was of very little
conserpence what amount of appropriations was
voted, because no account could be passed unless
it were authorized by law, unless it was a debt
"whi :h the Government was bound to meet—
and therefore if they were to vote §500,000, paya-
ble for these objects there would be no danger.
Mr. VINTON made a remark, which was lost
to the reporter.
Mr. ASHE repeated, after what he had heard
fr>m the chairman, that this amendment was not
to supply actual deficiences, but in anticipation of
deficiencies; it was a sum, as had been stated by
the gentleman from Ohio, which was to be subject
to the certificates of the judges of the federal
courts. He repeated that this was voting away
the public-money helter, skelter, bhnd-foitled: for
one, he could not agree to it.
[Cries of "Question, question."]
The amendment, by ayes 31, noes 118, wa3 re-
jected.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
to the House without amendment.
And the question being on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. STAN TON, of Tennessee, moved that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; but withdrew the motion.
The demand for the previous question on the
deficiency bill was then seconded. The main
question .was ordered and, being taken,
The bill was ordered to a third reading.
And, having been read a third time 
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question—
there was a second, and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. ASHE asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
Mr. JOJNESvmoved that the bill be laid upon
the table. Rejected.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; hut withdrew the motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN renewed it.
The House refused to adjourn to Monday.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition of citizens of Clarion
county, Prnns) Jvanm, prayii.g for mi alteration m the tariff
laws of 1843
Also, the petition of cilizens of Butler county, Pennsyl-
vania, praungior a donation of land to tlie officers and
soldiers of the war of 1812.
AIj-o, tlie petition of citizens of Lawrence count}, Penn-
sylvania, pravuig for a donation of land to the officers and
soldiers- of Mi«- v\ at of )8i2.
W By Mr. HOIjLAHAY : Tlie memorial of citizens of Fred-
ernk-lmrjr, Virginia, in relation to the iank ol" medical
officers in the navy of tlie United Stales.
Al-o, the petition of the heirs of James Ilackloy, praying
for commutation pay.
Bv Mr. BROWN,ol Mississippi: The petition of Thomas
C Evan8, pin\ in  lor an adjustment ol certain land lilies in
the St ite of Mi-=-ie-ippt.
By Mr. PARKER : The petition of 84 citizens of Virginia,
prav i!i<j Cormier to nlioli-li the nnlitarv s\>i< m now in foice
.it tin* national armories, xtnd to place the .-ame under the
charge of civil ^uperinttMideril*.
f>y~Mi. S! BLEY : The petition of Samuel Cha=e Barney,
and MarvE , his wife, for a change of circuit Court of the
Di-trict o( Columbia, or a change of venwp to Bait more.
By Mr. HAMILTON: The petition of David Humhaimh
and otlieis, cilizens of Wasini'L't"!! county. Mainland,
ayanjvt the renewal O' PAten-mn by Congies- of tlu patent
of Au-fin and Zebulou Parker for "vertical reaction
wheel?."
Bv Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Moses Tangart and
others, attorney at law in the county of Geneve, New
York, for a new jedicial district m vvi etern New York.
Bv Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Robert C. Larned
and30(Utiei inini-urs oi the Gospt-1, in Windham county,
Connecticut, pi'mma for a n-dueuon of postagw and the
abolition oi the hanking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 14, 1850,
Mr. MILLER. I have been requested to pre-
sent a petition from New Jersey, in relation to the
tariff law of 1846. This petition comes from citi-
zens of Morris county, in that portion of the State
of New Jersey which contains some of the richest
iron ores to be found in the country, and it is
signed by persons who have for years been en-
gaged in the manufacture of those ores into iron.
I am acquainted with mo?iof the petitioners, and
entertain no doubt whatever of the truth of their
representations. They state m their petition that
by the most severe as well as the most true of all
lessons, that of experience, they have found the
opeiation of the revenue law of 1846 most disas-
trous to their industrial pursuits, that the system
of ad valorem duties has proved fatal to all those j
pursuits in this country in which labor constitutes ;
the major part of the cost of the product. They |
ask for the adoption of specific duties upon all !
those articles which come in competition with !
American products, of an amount equal at least to \
the ad valorem duties which would have been col- I
lected under the present law, if foreign manufac- !
tures were at the same price which prevailed when ;
this law was passed. . i
This petition was accompanied by a short but
pithy note, from one of our most respectable citi- .
zens, also one of our most intelligent and skilful
manufacturers in iron. I will read it to the Senate:
" Rockaway, may 6,18o0.
" Dear Sir : Iencloseyou a petition rejecting the tariff,
vvuh but faint hope of &ucce>s. We art all dung gradually ;
and if this Congie^s don't help ui,we shall be past recovery.
45 Hon. J. \V. Miller."
This is rather a melancholy note; but it is nev-
ertheless a true representation of tlie situation of a
great portion of the iron manufacturers of the
country. I believe that with them itls a question
of life and death; and, unless some relief be ef-
fected during this session of Congress, they will
be entirely prostrated. Jt is a notorious fact that
millions of American capital have been sacrificed,
and thousands of American laborers have been
thrown out of employment, under the operation
of our present injudicious and unequal tariff pol-
icy. All admit that something should be done to
remove the evil. The Executive has done his
duty in calling the attention of Congress to this
great naiional question; and I hope that there,is a
majority m Congress willing to grant the relief
asked for by the people. Bui, sir, it has so turned
out, in the course of our legislative proceedings,
that a certain other question has so taken pos-
session of both houses of Congiess as to exclude
! the consideiation of other qnps'ions. A kind of
political monomania has come upon ns; and for
six months we have been engaged m this all-ab-
sorbing subject of controversy, and laboung upon
a single question to the exclusion of all others.
It has been announced on high authority that
noihmg can be done for the relief of the capital,and
labor employed ui manufactures until the nieas-
uie called the "compromise bill" shall be disposed
of. Jf this be so, 1 take the liberty on this occa-
sion to appeal to the distinguished and -leading
members of the Senate, who have this measure
under their control, to bring it to a speedy termi-
nation. The measures included in this bill have
had their full share of public time. There are
other measures demanding our immediate atlen-
tion; theieare other subjects of inquiry demanding
our attention, besides those lelatmg to our Mex-
ican teintory. In my opinion, su, the people of
this countiy have sufl'eied nioie, have sustained
greater losses during the last six months, by rea-
son of our omission to amend the taulFof 1846,
than the people of New Mexico and Utah will
suffer for five years fur the want of a teiritonal
government. 1 therefore hope that we may, in
ihe course of a few days, be able to put ourselves
in a position so that we can proceed to the consid-
eration of the great subject mentioned in this pe-
tition.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CLAY. I have,received and been requested
to piesent to the Senate, three petitions: one from
Clarion county, Pennsylvania, and the other two
from the city of Pittsburg, signed by a consider-
able number of persons, all complaining of the
operation of the revenue ,or tariff' law of 1846, and
depicting, in very strong and touching colois, the
scenes of distiess which that tariff, they think,
inflicts upon the great industrial pursuits of the
people of Pennsylvania, and especially upon those
staple interests which are so well known to the
whole country. Tney implore Congress, in lan-
guage of a strong and lnteiesung character, to take
up the subject ot the tariff, and afford them some
relief by a modification of the tariff of 1846, es-
pecially on the point of a conversion of ad valorem
duties into specific duties. I move that the peti-
tions be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HALE. I would like to inquire if these
petitions weie not printed? because we were ad-
monished that printed petitions sent around the
country did not amount to much.
Mr. CLAY. They are printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE submitted a communication, ad-
dressed to imn by A. D. Baclie, superintendent of
i the coast survey, recommending the erection of a
light house on Sea Horse Key, on the coast of
I Florida; which was referred to the Committee on
j Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
| Wayne county, Ohio, asking a grant of a quarter-
j section of land to each actual settler; which was
,! referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
j On motion by Mr. RUSK,
! Ordered, That Robert Piatt have leave to withdraw his
' petition and papers.
I REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Commerce,
I to which was referred the memorial of the Cliam-
| ber of Commerce of Savannah, urging the rc-
! moval of obstructions from the Savannah river,
; reported a bill to provide for the removal of ob-
j structtons in the river Savannah, in the State of
