1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
weeks to come; and I can really sec no reason
why there should be an attempt to drive the Sen-
ale in this matter. For my part I do not believe
the country is in any more of a crisis to-day than
it was six months ago; on the contrary, my opin-
ion is, that with every protraction of this matter
the probabilities of an adjustment are increased.
I see that m many of the northern States such res-
olutions of instruction as have been sent to Sena-
tors, indicating the course which their constituents
wished them to pursue in relation to this question,
have been withdrawn, so that some Senators are
now more at liberty to vote according to their own
opinions. This is one advantage we will gain by
a short adjournment. We will give the popular
mind an opportunity to settle itself and its opin-
ions; and it is more than proable that other Sena-
tors by that time may feel themselves less tram-
melled by what they may consider previous in-
structions.
But further, sir, this short interval will perhaps
g;ive us an opportunity of knowing what is the
disposition of the House of Representatives in the
matter, and that knowledge will most probably
facilitate the action of this body. Sir, it is better
that we should learn from the House of Repre-
sentatives what they can or will do in reference to
this question, than that the House should learn from
the Senate. The gentlemen in the other wing of
the Capitol come directly from the people; they
know what the mind and will of the popular mass
is; and we can better learn from them what is
practicable in the present state of the popular
mind, and what can be done towards an adjust-
ment of these questions, than we can by our own
opinions of the purposes and the temper of the
people. We shall certainly be losing time on
these questions by going in advance of the House.
It is much better, therefore, as it appears to me,
that one body or the other should proceed; and it
is much better that the House should proceed than
the Senate. Now, as it will be imperative upon
us to take a short recess, as there is every pros-
pect of the session being an unusually protracted
one, 1 think we cannot do better than to take it
now, and I shall therefore vote for the motion of
the Senator fiom New Hampshire, with the ex-
pectation and avowed purpose that on Monday
we shall continue the adjournment till Thuisday,
6o that the Secretary of the Senate may make ar-
rangements for the speedy fitting up of the Cham-
ber suitably to the season.
Mr. CLAY. 1 am asked how I know that a
majority are in favor of this measure. 1 do not
know how the majority will be found on the final
passage of the bill; but all the questions hitherto
disposed of evince that there is a majority in favor
of the bill. But, whichever way the majority
happens to be, we know full well which way the
Senator will vote. We know he is opposed to
the bill. The Senator from Florida how 1
know we can get through this bill in a week. 1
will now ask the Senator from Florida how he
knows we may not get through with this bill m
the course of the next week ?
Mr. YULEE. I know many members desire
to address the Senate, and feel bound to do so.
Mr. CLAY. I should suppose that six days—
the period in which the universe was made—might
admit of a good many speeches being made. I
do not know, but I will take the Senator at his
word, that it will take a month to get through with
it. Then there is so much more necessity not to
give up a day, or three days, to be spent for the
tmrpose of exchanging a carpet. Why, sir, I do
not know how it is, f cannot afford to have a great
many carpets, and I hsve been accustomed to a
woollen carpet throughout the whole year; and
the only change I have made this year was to pro-
cure a softer one, and the effect has been that I
took cold by the means. j
How can we go out to the country and the peo- j
pie—this anxious people—and excuse ourselves |
for leaving this bill in such a crisis ? The Senator j
from Florida talks about what was done at a former j
Sf ssion on the subject of a change in the Hall; but I
when before, in this country, was there ever a |
question of such deep and vital importance as the j
one before us at this moment? and yet the Senator j
calls on us, at the very crisis of this question, to ]
adjourn over, first to-morrow, and then trom Mon- j
day till Thursday of the next week, in order, I 1
repeat it, to change a carpet! Sir, 1 cannot, ac-
cording to my sense of duty, vote for such a
proposition. I call for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mr- BERRIEN. I shall vote for the motion
for an adjournment till Monday. But I beg it to
be understood that I do not do that because I am
not friendly to this bill. I am sincerely desirous
to see this bill put in such-a form that I can vote
for it; and I believe we shall be very much more
likely to accomplish the passage of the bill by
deliberate than by hurried action. I thought it
necessary to say this to prevent the imputation of
any wrong: motives to me.
Mr. BUTLER. I think when we adjourn to-
day, we ought to give an order to have the carpets
taken up in the mean time between this and Mon-
day, and when we then meet again, the Chamber
will be in order. I am anxious to see to what
complexion this bill will come at last; but I do
not see much necessity for elaborate discussion on
the amendments which may come up while the
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. I do not believe there is much instruction
in much speaking, although there may be wisdom
in much counsel. ■ When the bill comes up for its
final passage, I presume many gentlemen will
choose to put their views in such a responsible
form that their constituents may judge of them,
and in such a manner as is becoming a great crisis
in this country. I shall probably have something
to say myself, as I have previously intimated. I
shall not take up much of the time of the Senate.
I may ask for an hour or so; and I think, if we
could come to some general agreement not to make
speeches more than an hour m length, we might
get through the bill m a week. I should, how-
ever, like to have the final vote upon it postponed
until my colleague shall arrive, so that he may
have an opportunity to vote upon it; but I shall
ask no favor out of the ordinary mode of pro-
ceeding.
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill providing for the admission of California
into the Union as a State, for establishing territorial
governments for Utah and New Mexico, and
making proposals to Texas for the settlement of
her northern and western boundaries.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
pending to be on the motion to fill the blank in the
39th section with " one million dollars," and that
on that motion the yeas and nays had been ordered,
Mr. CLAY. I wish only to say that I shall
vote against the amendment, so as to leave the
blank as the committee proposed, to fill u up
after the ascertainment of the extent of territory
which may be proposed to be purchased from
Texas.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish simply to inquire if, so far
as the action of the Senate is concerned, the bound-
ary of Texas is not already fixed? I understand
that it is. Several amendments have been pro-
posed and voted upon, and, so far as the action of
the Senate is concerned, we have fixed the bound-
ary. The next thing is to know what we are to
give for the territory, and it is very important to
know that before we vote ujx>n the question to
strikeout. If it were ^filled with one million, we
might be willing to retain the section} but if filled
with ten millions, we miffht be disposed to strike
it out. I hope it will be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the blank
will be filled with some amount, and that those
who have charge of the bill will declare what ia
proposed. I think it due to those who are trading
in bonds that they should have some basis on
which to found their calculations. It is due both to
the buyer and the seller. I think that in all fairness
we should announce to the country what we are
The question on the motion to adjourn till Mon- ;j going to do. For myself 1 am opposed to paying
' rN '  u *" | anything for jurisdiction, becauselam opposed to
; any cession, for reasons which 1 have already
' given, and which I will not therefore repeat,
j Mr. CLAY. I am very sorry to be compelled
| to repeat what I have three times said. We do not
] know the exact amount of territory which it is pro-
j posed to purchasefromTexas. Weknow whatit is,
| according to the present expression of the opinion
i of the Senate, but the bill has to be reported back to
j the Senate, and it may be varied there, and the
amount of territory to.be puichased made more or
j less than that now proposed, according to the last
I expression of the opinion of the Senate. The
| committee, therefore, thought it right to forbear,
for this as well as other reasons which ! have
j. stated, to make any proposal to fill the blank till
|| the bill arrives at the period of its third reading*
!, when, according to parliamentary usage, blanks
|i are most generally filled up. These were the
!: reasons which governed the committee, and they
|| cannot be enlarged on or refuted by prolonged
discussion.
Mr. CLEMENS. If theSenate should change
the boundary they can change the amount also.
Mr. KING. 1 have but one word to say. I
do not wish to protract the discussion at all; but,
inasmuch as I shall vote against the proposition, I
think it due to myself to say a word on the sub-
ject. If the motion to fill the blank does not pre-
vail, then it will be in the power of any Senator
hereafter to oiler to fill the blank with any sum,
day, when the Senate adjourns, was then taken
on which the vote was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Be)!, Berrien, Butter, Clarke, Clemens,
Coiwin, Greene, Hale, IJuuter, iV/it!er, Seba>han, Seward,
Sonl6, Tumey, Upliam, Wales, mid Yulee—17.
NAYS—M<'s^rs. Atohiion, Baldwin, Denton, Bright,
Ca^s, Chase. Clay, Coop'T, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of
WiscoRMii, Dodi'e of Iowa, Downs, Foote, Hamlin. Houston,
Jews, Kmc, Norrn, Prntt, Rusk, Shield*, Smith, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Walker, and Whitcomb—28.
So the motion was lost.
EARLIER MEETING OF THE SENATE*
Mr. CLEMENS then introduced the following
resolution;
Resolved, That the regular hour for the meeting of the
Senate sfiali be ten o'clock each day.
The resolution was laid over under the rule.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up bill No. 2, which is entitled " A hill
to authorize a change of venue in certain cases."
The motion wa3 agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe that bill has been
three times reported by the Judiciary Committee.
It applies only to civil causes, and for reasons
which it is perhaps unnecessary to assign, 1 will
not go into any extensive explanation. Since
Alexandria has been taken from the District of
Columbia, the only proceedings of a judicial char-
acter that can be instituted in the District are those
which may arise in the cities of Washington and ' i according to the quantity of land which may be
Georgetown. There are complaints made that, in ' determined to be purchased from Texas. Well,
cases of a popular kind, parties cannot always have M if you fill the blank now with one or two millions,
justice done them in this limited community; and ; it does not alter the case. It will still be subject to
the bill proposes in civil cases, on application of the control of the majority of the Senate, and the
one of the parties, sustained by sufficient affidavits, ,j gentlemen who are trying; to fill the blank now
he may go to the chief justice, and by his leave j] should remember that it will hem the power of the
may go either into the State of Maryland or Vir- ,j Senate to alter the amount when the bill shall he
gimarby way of changing the venue. This is a
bill to provide for the changing of the venue, in
such cases as those I have mentioned, from the
reported to the Senate. They cannot, therefore,
regulate their votes on the motion to strike out,
whether the blank be filled with one sum orano-
District of Columbia to Maryland and Virginia, ;; ther; for, if a large sum be putin the majority can
and here is the security (the affidavit of one of the ;j reduce it hereafter, and if a small sum they can ill-
parties) that such change shall not be made with- | crease it. Nothing, therefore, would be gained by
out sufficient showing of cause to the chief justice, j| filling up the blank now. I know nothing of the
and thegivingof due notice to the opposite parties. |j speculations 
This bill seems to be called for by the general wish j; Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not speak
of the community, and I believe that no evil what- jj of them., though I dare say they may exist.
ever will arise from it. !j Mr. KING. Men will speculate about every
There being no amendment offered to the bill, it I thing, and nine tenths of them ruin themselves by
was reported back to the Senate, ordered to be en- |j the experiment. I know nothing about that.
