1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
anticipation, [ feel perfectly sure of the rejection
of the resolution by the committee.
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Hampshire, to insert the words " Russia and."
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise certainly with no expecta-
tion of addressing the Chair at length on the pres-
ent occasion,and until this very instant, I can lay
my hand upon my heart and honestly declare that
I intended to withdraw myself from the discussion.
I had hoped, however, that there were gentlemen
here concurring with me upon this question, and
with the distinguished Senator from Michigan and
other gentlemen on this side of the Chamber, in
regard to the general object contemplated by this
resolution, who would have made known their
views in reference to the amendment which has
been offered by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The amendment, in my 'opinion, embraces views
which are proper to be discussed, and which it is
very important should be debated after all that has
fallen from the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky on the present occasion, and from the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire likewise. I
had hoped, I say, tha| some other Senator more
capable than myself would have discussed the
question presented by the Senator from New
Hampshire in the amendment he has offered.
Mr. HALE. Will the honorable Senator give
way for ad journment ?
Mr. FOOTE acquiesced; and
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 8, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. Gentry, of Tennessee, appeared, was
qualified, and took his seat.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The regular business is the
execution of the order heretofore adopted by the
House, in relation to the election of officers. The
gentlemen appointed as tellers on a former occa-
sion are requested to resume their seats atHhe
Clerk's table.
Thereupon, Messrs. Thompson of Pennsylva-
nia, Crowell of Ohio, White of New York, and
Haralson of Georgia, resumed their seats at thg
Clerk's table.
The roll was then called—being the eighth time;
when the tellers reported that 221 votes had been
given; necessary to a choice J11; of which
Mr. John W. Forney received 106
Mr. Solomon Foot   94
Mr. Thomas J. Campbell  13
Mr. C. W. Phileo  4
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke  2
Mr. Benjamin B. French  1
Mr. P. B. Prindle  1
221
The following is the vote in detail:
For John IV. Forney—Messrs. Aibertson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson E. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dim-
miek, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edinundson, Evving, Feathcr-
eion, Fitch, Fuller, Cciry,Gilmore,Gorman,Green,Haekett,
Hall Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harman-
son, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hoag-
land, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La S6re,Leffler, Lit-
tlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McLanahan. Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Morri", Morse, Olds, Orr,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Bithardson,
Robbins, Robmson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, F. P.
Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Venable, Walden Waldo. Wallace, Wellborn, Whitilesey,
Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For Solomon Foot—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashinun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Brings,
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clinginan, Cole,
Conger, Conrad, Corwin. Crowed, Dickey, Dixon, finer,
Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freed-
lev, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Mallowav,
Hampton, Hay-, Haymond, Hebaril, Henry, Houston. Howe,
Hunter, James L. Johnson, Daniel P. King,George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann. Motleson,
McGau"hey, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Meachain,
Moore."Sloreheart, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Owen, Plire-
tiix Pitman, Putnam, Reed, R"ynoWls, Risley, Rockwell,
Koot Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhoin,
Schoolcraft. Silvester, Snauiditig, Spragiie, Stanlv, Alexan-
der I! Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Tliomp-
«m Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, White,
Wilson, and Wmthrop.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, J. P. Cald-
well, Deberry, Gentry, Hilliard, Marshall, Morton, Outlaw,
Shepperd, Watkins, Williams, and E. C. Cabell.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, P. King, and
Wiimot.
For Mr. French—Mr. Bingham.
For Mr. Gouverneur—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. M, St. Clair Clarke—Mr. Levin.
For Mr. Prindle—Mr. Giddings.
No choice.
Mr. LEVIN then rose and nominated Matthew
St. Clair Clarke.
Mr. AfeSTON rose and stated that (for a rea-
son which the reporter could not hear) he (Mr.
A.) had paired off with Mr. Howard, and should
therefore decline to vote. *
'The roll was then called the ninth time. The
tellers reported that 219 votes had been given in,
necessary to a choice 110; of which?
Mr. Forney received.   105
Mr. Foot 93
Mr, Campbell   13
Mr. Phileo  5
Mr. French   1
Mr. Gouverneur    1
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke  1
219
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Forney—Messrs. Aibertson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt,
J. Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland, H. Cobb, W. R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dun-
ham, Edinundson, Ewmjr, Fcatherston, Fitch, Fuller, Ger-
ry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackeit, llall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson, I. G. Harris, S.
W, Harris, Iiibbard, Hod laud, Holladay, Hubbard, Inge, A.
Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Left-
ler, Littlefieid, Job Mann, Mason, Mct'leinand, McDonald,
McDowell, McLanahan, li. M. McLane, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,Morris,Morse, Olds?, Orr,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richard>on,
Robbins, Robmson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, F. P,
Stanton, R. II. Stanton, Stetson,Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey,
Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For Solomon Foot—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Calvm,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Congei, Conrad,
Corwin, Croweil, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gou,
Gould, Grmnell, Hallovvay, Hampton, llay, Hammond,
Hebaid, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James L. John-
son, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John
A. King, Horace Mann,Matteson,McGaughey,McKissock,
Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Nt-boi,,
Newell, Ogle, Otis, Oweri, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose. Rumsey, Sackett,
Schenck, Schermerhoin, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, A. H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Tay-
lor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Under-
hill, Vinton, White, Wilson, and Wmthrop.
For Mr. Campbell--Messrs. Anderson, E. C. Cabell, J. P.
Caldwell, Clmgman, Deberry, Gentry, Hilhard, Marshall,
Morton, Outlaw, Shepperd, Watkins, and Williams.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Giddings, Julian, Pres-
ton Kin?, and Wiimot.
Fur Mr. French—Mr. Bingham.
For Mr. Gouverneur—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. M. St. Olair Clarke—Mr. Levin.
No choice.
The roll was then called the tenth time. The
tellers reported that 216 votes had been given in-,
necessary to a choice 109; of which
Mr. Forney received...   104
Mr. Foot 93
Mr. Campbell   • • • ♦ 33
Mr. Phileo * *  4
Mr. Gouverneur     1
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke.   1
216
The following is the vote in detail :
Tor Mr. Forney—Messrs. Albeitson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bi^ell. Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn,
Bovd, Albert G. Brown, William .1. Brown, Bu^l, Burl,
Joseph Cable. Geoige A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, W.
R, W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dun-
ham, Edmuudson, Ewing, Featheiston. Pitch, Fuller, Gerry,
Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Haekett, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmansori, Ifhant G. Harris,
Sampson W. Hards, Hibbard, lloagland, Holladay, Inge, An-
drew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La
Sere, Lefftei, Littlefie'.d. Job Mann, Mason, McClernand.
McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen, Mc<iueun. McWilhe, Meade, Miller, Munis,
Morse, O'ds Orr, Pai'ker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelpi. Potter,
Powell, Richaidson, Robbing Robinson, Ross, Savage, Suw-
teiie, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II- Stanton,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Tnompson, James
Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo.,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and
Young. . . ,
For -MV. Foot—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bieck, Brig?s, Brooks, Bur-
rows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke. Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin
Croweil, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freeuley, Giddings, Goodenow,
Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo way, Hampton, Hay, Haymoisd,
Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson,
Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock,
Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morenead, Nelson,
Newell, Ogle, Otis, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulding Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John
B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill Vinton,
White, Wilson, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Anderson, E. C. Cabell, J. P.
Caldwell, Deberry, Gentry, Hilliard,Marshall, Mor|gn, Out-
law, Owen. A. H. Stephens, Watkins, and Williams.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Preston King, Wiimot,
and Julian.
For Mr. Gouverneur—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Clarke—Mr. Levin.
No choice.*
Mr. BROOKS rose, he said, to a question of
order. He desired to know under what rule of
the House this day had been assigned for the elec-
tion of Clerk?
The SPEAKER said, that the rule under which
the House was acting was an order passed by the
House, to proceed on a certain day to the election
of its officers. The execution of that order was
postponed to a subsequent day. The Chair had
decided, when the question was made, that inas-
much as the order related to the organization of
the House, it would take precedence over all other
business from day to day until it should have been
executed.
Mr. BROOKS said, that the last action of the
House, as he understood, had been on Monday.
J That day was exhausted without effecting an elec-
tion. Was he to understand that the House was
i1 to proceed day by day, continuously during the
whole session, to the election of Clerk, unless they
I should sooner be able to elect one ?
i The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
that would be the regular order of business, unless
! it should be postponed by a vote of the House.
')f Mr. BROOKS. It is very obvious that in the
I existing state it will be impossible to effect an elec-
i tion. I therefore move to postpone the election of
i; Clerk and other officers, from this time to the first
day of September next; and on that motion I ask
II the yeas and nays.
ij Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
!; stood to say that if the motion to postpone pre-
i' vailed, he should follow it up by a motion to ad-
' journ until the day designated.
i! Mr. BROOKS stated that he desired to except
from his motion the election of aSergeant-at-Arms.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the order of the House cannot be divided. The
order declares that on a certain day the House
(i shall proceed to the election of officers. A motion
j{ .to postpone therefore must include the whole order,
11 or it will not be in order. The Speaker believes
I he is right in his recollection, that the terms of the
resolution are: " Clerk and other officers."
II The reading of the order was called for,
; Mr. HILLIARD rose to inquire of the Speaker
!| whether it was in order to move to postpone the
i execution of a part of the order?
j The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated to the
l| gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that,
i| in the opinion of the Speaker, a motion to post-
'! pone, if made at all, must be in the form of a mo-
il tion to postpone the execution of the whole order,
1 and not of a portion of it.
' Mr. HILLIARD now suggested that the order
I of the House was confined to the Clerk alone.
II The SPEAKER. If that is the fact, it would be
in order to move to postpone, as indicated. The
/ Chair was under a different impression.
! Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House do
I now adjourn, and on that motion he asked the yeas
i and nays; which were ordered.
I The SPEAKER said, that before the question
'i was taken, he would read the order under which
! the House was acting.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew the motion to
adjourn, and substituted for it a motion that there
! be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER announced the motion. But,
' before the question was taken, the Speaker directed
; the order under which the House was acting to be
'jre1t'was read accordingly. It provides for the
I ] election of clerk anil other officers.
'! Mr. H ILL! All L) inquired of the Speaker wheth-
ji er it was in order to move to postpone so much of
JI the order as related to the election of a Clerk?
