118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
The SPEAKER said that the pending question
was on the motion of the gentleman frorft Illinois,
{Mr. Richardson,] that there be a call of the
House.
The order under which the House was acting,
as the Speaker, from recollection, had supposed,
embraced the Clerk and other officers. In the opin-
ion of the Speaker, therefore, a motion to postpone
must include the whole order. A division could
not be made.
Mr, HILLIARD. Do I understand the Speaker
to decide that a part of the order may be executed
and a part not ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone must
be a motion to postpone the entire order, not a part
of the order.
Mr. HILLIARD. Allow me to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a call of the
House is-now pending; and while that motion is
pending no debate is in order.
Mr. BAYLY asked the yeas and nays on the
motion that there be a call of the House.
They were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
69, nays 141, as follow:
YEE3—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Boeock, Booth, Bowlin, Albert G.
Brown, Buel, George A. Caldwell,Cartter, Daniel, Dimmick,
Disney, Doty, Dunham, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gor-
man, Green, Haekett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson,
Harlan, Harmanson,Hibbard, Hoiladay, Inge, Andrew John-
son, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere Littlefield, McCJer-
nand, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert ivt. McLane, McMul-
len, McQueen, Miller, Orr, Potter, Powell, Rtcbaidf-on,
Bobbins, Robinson, Ross, Sawtelle, Stetson, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Whittle-
sey, Wood, and Young—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Alston, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie,
Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, William J. Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Chester Buffer, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Jos.
Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chand-
ler, Clarke, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Cole, Conger,- Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Edmundson, Alex. Evans,
Nathan Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Fowler, Freedley, Gen-
try, Goodenow, Goit, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hay, Haymond, Heb-
ard, Henry, Hilliard, Houston, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter,
James L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Daniel P. King, George G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Levin, H. Maun. Job
Mann, Marshall,Matteson, McDonald, McGaugh*y,McKis-
sock, F. E. McLean, McWillie, Meacham, Meade, Moore,
Morehead, Morris, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanlv, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Taylor, John
B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, 'Underbill, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Williams, Wil-
mot, Wilson, Winthrop, and Woodward—141.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, rose to inquire of the
Speaker whether the motion to postpone the elec-
tion was open to amendment.
The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. DUER, remarking that it was obvious the
House would do nothing to-day, moved that"the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative without a division.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Brooks—
Mr. BUTLER of Pennsylvania, moved that
the order under which the Ilouse was proceeding
be laid upon the table. And this motion, he said,
if agreed to, he should follow up by another, that
the House proceed to the election of a Sergeant-at-
Arms.
The SPEAKER. The motion before the House
is the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.] Does the Chair understand the
gentleman as insisting upon that motion ?
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the Chair to de-
cide that the order was indivisible, and that a mo-
tion to postpone must be a motion to postpone the
whole. I therefore, in compliance with the de-
cision of the Chair, and in order that we may pro-
ceed to the transaction of the public business, move
to postpone the further consideration of the order
of the House until the first day of September next.
On that motion [ ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGE moved that the motion to postpone
be laid upon the table.
1 he SPEAKER said that a motion to lay on
the table a motion to postpone was not in order.
The question must be taken directly on the motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The yeas and nays were ordered, and having
been taken, resulted—yeas 67, nays 140—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Bennett,
Bokee, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, T. B. Butler, E. C. Cabell,
Calvin, Casey, Clarke, Chngman, Conger, Conrad, Corwin,
Deberry, Dickey, Dixon' Duer, Duncan, A. Evans, Fowler,
Freedley, Gnu, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay,
Haymond, Hehard, Hilliard, Howe, James L. Joi inson,J. G.
Kiug, John A. King, Marshall, F. E. McLean, Morton, Nel-
son, Newell, Ogle, Outlaw, Qwen, Phcenix, Pitman, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rum&ey, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Sp -ague. Stanly, A. H.
Stephens, Taylor, Thurman, Underbill, Watkins, White,
Williams and Winthrop—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham,JSissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown,
Buel, Burt, Chester Butler, J. Cable, G A. Caldwell, J. P.
Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Cleveland,W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcockr Cole, Crowell, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney,
Doty. Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson. Nathan Evans,Ewing,
Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Giddirigs.Gihnore, Good-
enow, Gorman, Green, Haekett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson, I. G. Harris. S. W. Harris,
Hibbdrd, Hongland, Hoiladay, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, A.
Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Daniel
P. King, George G. Kmc, Preston King, La SSre, Leffler,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann. Ma^on, Matteson,
McClornand, McDonald, McDowell, MeCJaughey. McKis-
sock, McLanahan, R M. Mr-Lane, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morse,
Olds. Orr, Otis, Parker. Peaslee, I'eck, Phelps, Potter, Pow-
ell, Putnam, Reed, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson. Root,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, Seddon, F. P. Stanton,
R. H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stef«on Strong, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson. William Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Vinton,
Walden, Waldo. Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wilmot,
Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and Young—140.
So the motion to postpone was rejected.
Mr. MEADE rose to offer a resolution, which
was read in the words following :
Revived, That the rule of the House be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution could only
be introduced by unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. MEADE desired to be informed by the
Speaker, under what rule it was that he (Mr. M.)
.was prohibited from offering his'resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Under the rule that requires
one day's notice to be g:iven of a motion to change*
a standing: rule of the House.
Mr. MEADE. It is that rule which I wish to
repeal.
The SPEAKER. A day's notice of a motion
to repeal the rule is required.
Mr. MEADE. Is that the rule?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MEADE. I repeat, it is that rule I wish
to repeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can give no-
tice. But the gentleman is not now in order, be-
cause the House is executing a special order; and
that order and any other order of business must
be postponed before the resolution can be intro-
duced. The gentleman can only introduce his
resolution now by unanimous consent.
Mr. MEADE. My object is not understood.
In leaving the rule blank, my intention was to re-
peal all rules in the way of this resolution. And
I presume it is at all times competent for the
House to exercise the inherent authority which be-
longs to it, and that by the same power by which
the rule was established it may be repealed.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
Any motion to repeal a rule requires one day's no-
tice; and the Speaker repeats, therefore, that the
resolution can only be introduced by unanimous
consent.
Mr. MEADE. I appeal from the decision, and
wish to argue it.
The SPEAKER said that appeals on questions
of order arising upon matters concerning priority
of business were not debatable.
Mr. MEADE called the attention of the Speak-
er to the second rule of the House.
The SPEAKER said he was familiar with the
rule, and stated his decision and the question.
Mr. MEADE wished the members of the House
to understand 
[Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was called
to order.
Mr. MEADE. I will simply state the proposi- i
tion  ]
[Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could state
his proposition.
Mr. MEADE. My proposition is not to repeal
any particular rule, because I believe it embraces
any and every rule. It is to repeal every rule that
stands in the way of tne resolution.
The question was then taken, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House ?" and was decided in the affirmative with-
out a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. MEADE said, he gave notice that he would
to-morrow offer such a*resolution..
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection,
the gentleman could give the notice.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKERsaid, the gentleman could hand
in the notice under the rule of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved that the
special order be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
lay a special order on the table. The business be-
fore the House is the execution of the order of the
House providing for the election of Clerk and
other officers.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion prevailed—ayes 93, noes 69.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petition of F. C.
Oliver and 57 citizens of Arkansas, for the establishment of
a post route from Little Rock to Fort Smith, on the south
side of the Arkansas river. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of W. E. Elkins and 27 citizens of Ar-
kansas, abking the same. Referred to the same committee.
Also, the petition of Jacob Faulkner, and 29 others, citi-
zens of Arkansas for the same. Referred to the same com-
mittee.
Also, the petition of James Graham and 14 citizens "of
Arkansas, for the same. Referred to the same commiueeT
Also, the petition of Henry W7ard and 86 others, citizens
of the State of Arkansas, for the same. Referred to the same
committee.
By Mr. CABELL, of Florida. The petitionsof Captain
William Black and men, and of Captain J. L. Phillips and
men for compensation for military services in Florida. Re-
fegged to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORSE : The petition of Simon de Soto and 70
others, praying for a change of a post route. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HAMMOMD: The petition of Samuel Chalmers
Da\ is, p-aying indemnity for Freech spoliations between and
during the yt ars 1793 and 1801. Referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. HOLMES: The memorial of James A.Towns,
praying to be allowed the salary of purser whilst acting as
such on board the Unued States brig Bambmlge. Referred
to fhe Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Wiiliam Singer
and 16 otheis, merchants of Thomaston, Maine, asking for
a law to limit the liability of ship owners, and for other pur-
poses. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Amos Nourseand 100 others, mer-
chants., underwriters, and ship owners, of Bath, Maine, and
vicinity, agaum the adoption of a new prime meridian. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. HAY: The petition of John Moore White, of
Npw Jersey, son of Major John White, asking a pension for
services of his father during the revolutionary war. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. MOORE: The memorial of Horatio N. Crabb,
lieutenant of the U. S. Marine Corps, for allowances with-
held. Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memoral of Bernard Henry, of Pennsylvania,
for balance admutpd to be duefiom fhe United States. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memoral of White, Stevens & Co., and others,
merchants and citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the
erection of suitable piers for the protection of shipping. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Peter H. Willitz, for increase of pen-
sion. Referred to the Committee on Pensions.
By Mr..HOLLADAY: The memorial of Messrs. Graham
& Firmall, mail contractors between Washington ar.d Rich-
mond, Virginia, praying relief for the annullment of their
contract without cause. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of one thousand three hun-
dred and three citizens of Wisconsin, for an appropriation
to improve the harbor at the mouth of Sheboygan tiver. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Mary Ann Williams, asking compen-
sation for the services, &c\, of her husband Cahnawaga.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr MORTON : The memorial of Nathaniel Wattles,
Piesidentofthe Marine Insurance Company of Alexandria,
praying for indemnity for French spoliations. Referred to
the Committee on Foreica Affairs.
Also, the petition of John Sunkms and John N. Brick- •
house, administrators of Covington Simkins, deceased, ask-
ing for indemnity for French spoliations. Referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of Isaac Buckingham, administrator of
Thomas Vowell, asking for indemnity for French spolia-
tions. Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of It. H. Claggett and William Page,
executors of J.Ramsey, asking for indemnity for French
spoliations. Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of George Taylor, asking for indemnity
