1850.
THE CONGKESSIO-Nv\:L GLOBE.
12^
to the admission of another slaveholding State into
the Union, will vote for it. 1 offer it as a test
of the sense of the committee in regard to the ad-
mission of new slaveholding Slates out of the terri-
tory acquired by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
And I must say, that unless this principle is
affirmed—unless members of the North can go to
* this extent, there is no hope of adjusting these
difficulties. The declaration has gone out, that -no
more slaveholding States are to be admitted, and I
now insist upon its reversal. I insist upon it as a
necessary preliminary to any adjustment.
The Missouri compromise is the pending amend-
ment, and the proviso which I offer thereto is rel-
evant and appropriate—indeed necessary to the
understanding of a point, winch has been, to some
extent, controverted; that is, the uncontrolled right
of the people to determine for themselves the ques*
tion of slavery when assembled in convention to
adopt a constitution, in pursuance of congressional
authority. I hold this to be universally true, every-
where, both north and south of any compromise
line which may be adopted. And I trust that even
those who assert the authority of Congress to
abolish or prohibit slavery in the territories, are
willing, by the adoption of this amendment, to
concede the expiration of the power, when the re-
lation of tenitonal dependence changes to that of
. State sovereignty. If this principle be true, it re-
sults as a corollary, that upon the application of a
new State for admission into the Federal Union,
Congress has no right to inquire whether her con-
1 stitiuion establishes or prohibits slavery; a power
higher than Congress will have determined it; and
any interference with that determination would be
to overleap the barrier of its limited powers.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Winthroi',] the leader of his political
party in this House, declared, in explanation of
his vote against the proviso, rejected at our last
sitting, that he was unwilling to embarrass the
admission of California by any amendment; and
he took occasion to make the gratuitous and un-
founded assertion, that amendments heretofore
offered by southern gentlemen were with the de-
Sign to, retard action upon the questions involved.
Mr. W INT HROP. i said calculated to embarrass.
Mr. INGE. When Missouri craved admission
into the Union, with a constitution recognizing
sla\ery, northern gentlemen seemed quite willing
to embarrahs her, and imposed upon her admission
a clause prohibiting slavery in the Louisiana terri-
tory north of 30° 3U'. When Texas, with her
fl ivehokiingconstitution, desired ingress, the same
spirit prevailed, and the North were then willing to
embarrass her, by a condition that in new States,
carved out of her terriiory north of 36° 3D', slavei y
should be forever prohibited. Sir, national good
faith, political integrity, and personal honesty, all
demand the assertion of the principle embodied in
the amendment I have offered.
Mr. INGE withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VAN DYKtf, renewed it, and said: I do
not know that the expression of my opnuop here
will amount to much, although, such as it is, I
have no objection nor hesitation to give it. Tins
amendment is now renewed, as i understand,
because it is said that'it embraces a very important
question upon which the South desires to have an
expression of opinion. 1 cannot speak for any-
body but myself upon this question, and, as I said
befoie, i have no idea that my opinion will be
worth much. But I am willing and prepared to
say that, at any time when the question can be
fairly piesented to the consideration of this House
and to this committee, 1 shall be ready xo express
my views upon it. My own opinion is, that it is
not a good ground of objection to a State, when
she asks admission into the Union, (her admission
in all other respccts being right and proper,) that
she either puts slavery into her constitution, or
•excludes it. That, i say, is my own individual
opinion—and more especially when the applica-
tion comes from a State wheie slavery existed be-
fore the application was made". But i must be
allowed to say, that I did not vote upon this very
amendment the other day, one way or the other,
although 1 was in my seat. It was because I had
some hesitation; and I must say that, notwith-
standing this expression of my opinion, I cannot
vote for U now, because the amendment goes upon
the assumption that California is to be divided- 
Mr. INGE, (interposing.) That does not touch
this question.
Mr. VAN DYKE, (proceeding.) Allow me to
say a word in explanation, and you will perceive
what my meaning is. The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri {Mr. Green] is to divide
the country—that is to say, to run a line through
3(j° 30' as it is understood. Tins certainly does
divide it. And the amendment to the amendment
is that, as to all the country thus cut off upon the
south side of the line of 36° 30', within the present
limits of California, when the country shall apply
for admission, it shall be no objection to her ad-
mission that she has slavery m or out of her con-
stitution.
It seemed, therefore, that California was to be
divided; that her southern boundary was to be
36° 3D'; that a State was to be created south of
that line, and that it should be no objection to the
admission of such State, euher on the part of the
North or the South, that her constitution admitted
slavery, if such should be the case.
Mr. McCLERNAND (interposing) inquired if
it would not be better that they skould vote for the
amendment to the amendment, then vote down the
amendment as amended.
Mr. V"AN DYKE replied, that that was merely
child's play. He was expressing merely his in-
dividual opinion, which was denied by gentlemen
from the South. He did not disapprove ol the
expression of their opinions by the Representatives
on this floor, if gentlemen who wished them would
present a case in which they could express them,
and not embarrass gieat practical measures. But
as he believed such would be the effect of vo.mg
forthis, or for any other amendment not necessaiy
to perieet the bill, he should vote against it.
But he could not approve of the amendment for
another reason. He held that it was not pioper
for this Congress, at this time, to speak upon mis
subject. He could riot speak for his successoi;
he (Mr. V. D.) did not expect to be here when
that question came up in a practical lorm—he did
nut know whether the gentleman from Alabama,
or any gentleman now here, would be here then:
why, theiefore, should they express their opin-
ion upon a subject which was not befoie them?
They were not called to act—they could not de-
termine the question; but they might embanass
those who should come aftei them. He did not
know that it would enibairass their successors in
Congress, but it could have no binding effect at all
upon them.
For this reason he was unwilling to express that
opinion now, and for the other iedt>on, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama as-
sumed that Cahfoiiiia was to be divided. He
repeated, however, if that question were to be pre-
sented in any fair, proper, useful way—such, tor
instance, as the application of a State for admis-
sion with a constitution recognizing slavery—if it
were to be presented in connection witn any such
question, and to be legitimately before the House,
he believed it would nut be pioper for him to vote
to reject the requestof such State applying for ad-
minion, merely because she had such u provision
in her constitution.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McULER^'AND said he would renew the
amendment offered by his fuend fiom Alabama,
(Mr. J.vce,] for the purpose of enabling himselr
to make an explanation. He difleied from the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,]
who said he would vote against the amendment,
although he approved of tne principle it contained.
How could the gentleman do that consistently r
Did he not suppose that his vote would be regaided
as affording the best index of his future course?
it was votes, not professions, that would satisfy
the country und settle this Uoublesome question
of slavery.
Mr. McC. said he would vote for the amend-
ment, because he approved ot the principle it con-
tained—he would vote for it now, and ever ex-
pected to be willing to vote for it. It belonged to
the people of the States, and not to Corrgress,
to determine the character of the municipal msti-
tutionsofthe States, whether in regard to slavery,
or any other subject of municipal regulation. In
all such respects the States were as foreign to the
Federal Government as to Great Bntam. It was
only in the excepted cases expiessed upon the
face of the Constitution, that Congress had any
power to restrain or control the States; and upon
this principle, when Congress had been assured
that the State applying for admission into the
Union was republican in form, nothing remained
but for Congress to admit the State, in the exer-
cise of a sound discretion—it might be that Con-.
gress was absolutely bound to do so. Upon this
principle Mr. McC. was now ready to admit
California conjointly with provision for the ter-
ritories, if possible; and if not conjointly, separ-
ately. And upon the same principle he would
have feft himself bound to vote for the admission
of California as a slave State, if she had so pre-
sented herself. He had voted for the admission
of Texas and Florida, two slaveholding States,
notwithstanding their toleration of slaveiy; and
in like manner, he was willing, at the proper time,
to vote for the admission of the States to be
formed out of the residue of our territories with-
out reference to slavery, notwithstanding his in-
dividual opinions in regard to that institution.
Yes; he would vote for the amendment, as the as-
sertion of a sound and substantial principle—he
would do that, although he might feel it to be his
duty to vote against the ptoposuion upon which it
was proposed to ingraft it—that was, thfi amendment
offered by the gentleman fiom Missouri; which,
if it prevailed, would dismember the State of Cali-
fornia. And he would take the I berty to advise
the same course to all who agreed with him on the
principle maintained. The principle in question
was equally applicable to the North and the South
—it was a State right—a constitutional principle.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. jHlBBARD renewed the amendment. He
said that lit did not vote for the amendment origin-
ally proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,] embodying substantially the stmie
puncipie with the one now offered, not because he
was opposed to that puncipie, but because he was
not willing to incorporate it into the biU for the
admission of California, which it might tend to
embarrass, it could not operate as a law now or
heieatter. it could not bind our successors upon
this floor, it had force simply as an expression
of our own opinion. He would give his assent to
it as a disconnected and single proposition; and he
saw no particuicti objection to its being adopted as
an addition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] which could thrn
be rejected. To make his meaning more clear,
he would suggesta modification of it, so that it
should read:
" That no Slate which may hereafter apply for admission #
mm the Unnrn, and wIucm shall be in otiici rcspeers entitled
to such admission, might to l>e excluded for Hie reason that
ito constitution uoes or does not tolerate slavery.}J
This was his doctrine. It went upon the ground
that the people of a State, in forming their consti-
tution, had a right to determine this question for
themselves. It was true that Congress had Ike
power to exclude them, for this or any other rea-
son. But the fact of their decision either way in
regard to slaveiy was not a sufficient cause for the
exercise of that power. The only requirement of
the Constitution with regard to the government of
new States was, that it be republican in form.
Such he believed to be the long-estahhshed doc-
trine of a large majority of the people he repre-
sented. The connary principle—the position that '
we will exclude States from the Union for the sole
reason that they do or do not tolerate slavery—
was subversive of the spirit, if not the letter, of the
Constitution. Us prevalence would have prevented
the foimation of the ongmal Confedeiacy of hee
ai d slaveholding States under which the battles of
the B-evoluuon were fought, and our liberties
achieved. It would have defeated the formation
of our present Union and our present Constitution,
it would have pievented the admission of every
slaveholding State which has been added since the
Constitution was adopted. If now adopted, he
feared it would go far to unsettle and render inse-
cure the foundation of our existing institutions.
He was m favor of the admission of California
as she is, with her present boundaries, and her
present constitution. He would prefer to admit
her by herself, unconnected with any other meas-
ure. This was the usual and legitimate mode of
proceeding. - But if, for causes existing here or
elsewhere, it should be found impracticable to
procure her admission by herself—if that act was,
when finally acted upon, to be coupled with some
other measure or measures, he should not withhold
his support from it, in that form, for that reason
alone. His vote would then depend upon the na-
ture of the measures with which it should be con-
nected.
