1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
Mr. BERRIEN. I cannot .acquiesce in the
views entertained by my friend from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] and I desire to suggest to
him and to the Senate, the view in which this sub-
ject is presented to my mind. I am quite disposed
to adhere to the usage of the Senate in the respect
which is paid to the communications of the sover-
eign States of this Union, addressed to this body.
But that is not the character of the resolutions
which have been presented by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Upham.] I do not oppose, myself,
the printing of these resolutions because of the pe-
culiar sentiments which are entertained and ex-
pressed by the Legislature of Vermont. They are
free, so far as any objection of mine is concerned,
to entertain and to express their sentiments in the
unmeasured language which they have used on this
occasion; nor can I be tempted to enter into this
discussion by the broad declaration of the Senator
who has just taken his seat—somewhat qualified,
indeed, by his concluding remarks, that the opin-
ions expressed by the Legislature of Vermont,
and reiterated by him, are the opinions of the
civilized world; that we, therefore, among whom
these institutions exist, are beyond the pale of the
civilized world which is recognized by the Senator
from Vermont. Neither can I accord perfectly
with my friend from So'uth Carolina, [Mr. But-
ler,] in the views expressed by him. I cannot
be tempted to enter into the discussion of this
question upon these collateral issues; but I found j
my objection to the printing of this paper upon
the ground that it is one with which the Senate of
"the United States has nothing to do. It is not ad-
dressed to the Senate of the United States. The
Senator from Vermont discusses the question,
what it is thatthe Legislature of that State have
asked the Congress of the United States to do.
Sir, by this resolution they have asked nothing of
the Congress of the United States; and these gen-
tlemen have taken from their pockets private in-
structions addressed to them as Senators, and to
their associates in the other House, and have laid
them upon the table of the Senate. They were
not even called upon by the resolutions to commu-
nicate them to the Senate. It is an act of super-
erogation—an act which they were not required
to perform. And are we, sir, to look into the
private instruction of Vermont to her Senators,
and publish them to the American people ? Fox-
one, I cannot consent todo it.
Again, 1 am not influenced by the considerations
addressed by my friend from South Carolina—the
desire to make known to the southern people what
is the feeling of the North upon this subject. Sir,
that feeling is perfectly understood, so far as it is
expressed by the acts of legislative bodies. I be-
lieve the South understand that well. There can
be no reason for departing from our usual course,
to print instructions presented by our Legislatures
to their Senators, for the purpose of getting at such
information. Why, sir, if the instructions given
by those Legislatures to their Senators for their
guidance are to be taken up by the Senate of the
United States and published, where is the limit?
All communications which may be made to those
gentlemen, which they think proper to announce
to the Senate of the United States, from their re-
spective Legislatures or the official authorities of
their States, will be entitled to be published.
Whenever the Legislature of Vermont chooses to
address the Congress or the Senate of the United
States, the sentiments which they express, whether
they accord with mine or not, shall receive the
respectful consideration which, emanating from a
sovereign State, they are entitled to receive. In-
structions to the Senators belong to them, and not
to us.
Mr. UPHAM. I have no disposition, sir, to
continue this discussion, and I had no idea, when
I introduced the resolutions, that such a discussion
would arise from any opposition by any member
of the Senate. I believe it to have been invariably
the case that resolutions from the States have-been
received without dpposition. But, sir, the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] opposes the printing
upon the ground that they are not addressed to the
Seriate of the United States. He treats them as
private instructions to Senators, and as not prop-
erly brought before the Senate. Now, sir, these
resolutions are in the same form as all the resolu-
tions ever presented to the Senate upon this sub-
ject. If the honorable Senator will look at the
resolutions which v/ere presented, if not by him,
by his_ colleague, in regard to certain measures, at
the last session, he will perceive that they were in
precisely this form. 1 now hold in my hand the
resolutions from Michigan on the subject, pre-
sented by the Senator from Michigan the other
day. They were laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed. The resolutions conclude by re-
questing her Representatives and instructing her
Senators, but contain no request to lay them be-
fore their respective houses.
The other day the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Atchison] introduced a series of resolutions pre-
cisely in this form, with no resolution directing
them to lay them before the Senate, but merely
expressing their views, and instructing their Sen-
ators and requesting their Representatives to act
in conformity with them, and to carry out these
views. 1 believe, if the Journal should be inspect-
ed, there could not be found a series of resolutions
introduced upon this subject, or upon any other,
where the Legislatures of the States sent instruc-
tions to their Senators, and where they requested
them to lay those resolutions before their respect-
ive houses. It is never done; and I do not believe
a precedent can be found for it. These resolutions,
therefore, are in the form of all the resolutions
which have come here, at least within the six
years during which 1 have had the honor of a
seat upon this floor.
The resolutions of the State of Virginia that
came here last year, accompanied by elaborate
speeches—resolutions not only speaking upon the
i! subject of slavery, but threatening a dissolution of |
j the Union, if certain measures of legislation pro- j
J | posed should be consummated, these resolutions
were in this form precisely.
j I have no disposition, sir, to go into the discus-
11 sion of the main question upon this collateral is-
I sue. We have an opportunity almost every week
ii in the session of meeting the question fairly, and
| frankly, and appropriately. 1 admire the views
i expressed by the Senator from South Carolina,
j [Mr. Butler.] I think he is right in saying that
, the opinions of the North upon this question should
'] be known and thoroughly understood. The slave-
1 holding States desire to know what the free States
; think upon the subject, what opinion they have
| formed, and whether or not they are determined,
j so far as they can constitutionally, to carry out
i: that opinion in the legislative action of the coun-
the Senator from New York, who is now here no
longer, [Mr. Dix,] reflecting in terms even more
severe  • .
A Senator, (in his seat.)- Oh! no.
Mr. MASON. I am willing to be corrected.
According to my recollection, those resolutions—
equally severe, if not more so, and of the same
j character—were ordered to be printed.
I entertained the opinion then, and declared it
here, that it was due to that State, as a sovereign
State of this Union, that they should be printed.
What is the usage of the Senate ? If I remember
right, it has been the usage during many years,
that whatever opinions might be expressed in res-
olutions presented here from the States, and what-
ever objections there might be to them, yet when
they were offered, they were received and printed.
Such I believe is the usage, and such I believe is
the rule of the Senate. All communications made
to this body should be couched in respectful terms.
But I hold that here, where the States are con-
vented, the States themselves are to be the judges
of their own conduct and their own language, and
that there should be an entire exemption to them
from rules governing our intercourse with private
persons. Why, sir, if the State of Vermont, of
New York, or any other State, deems it respectful
to itself to use language of this kind to a body
where the States are represented, let them do so;
let it go down to history, and let history record it.
It is not for us to correct it in any form. We may
correct it in individuals, but we cannot correct it in
States. I say, let them be printed. It is due to
ourselves—it is due to the States—that whatever
is presented from them should be printed, and
should go down to posterity and to history. Let
them take the responsibility of their own acts.
I understand that in the resolutions offered by
the Senator from Vermont, an institution now ex-
isting in a large number of the States of this Con-
federacy is denounced as a crime—a crime! Very
well. If the State of Vermont deem3 it respectful
to herself to use that language with regard to any
institution of her sister States, it does not become
us to rebuke her for it. I desire, sir, that they
may be printed. I desire that if that great issue is
forced upon us—that issue which all patriots and
lovers of the Union should avoid—that it may be
known to history what led to it, and under what
j circumstances it was tendered. I desire that it
try. Let that opinion be expressed freely and ij may be shown upon the records of the Senate that
frankly. If it is erroneous, I trust that no one will (j this institution—domestic, purely domestic—for
be afraid to combat it. If Senators wish to argue
—if they are not fearful of argument—the North j
are Willing to meet them boldly here or elsewhere, j
I hope, than, sir, that there will be no attempt to j
bring up a discussion upon these resolutions, be-
cause the Legislature of Vermont did not instruct i
their Senators to introduce them here, since such J
instructions have never been given. The reolu- ;
tions are transmitted by the Executive to the Sen- !
ators and Representatives, and they are accompa- '
med by a letter from the Executive directing them j
to receive the resolutions; whether that letter has j
ever required them to lay them before the Ssnate, |
I do not recollect. I do not know that there has I
ever been a case where there were such instruc- j
tions. j
A Senator. The precedents are both ways. (
Mr. UPHAM. The Senator from North Caro- [
lina says that the precedents are both ways. This
which the States alone are responsible, has been
spoken of by sister States as a crime. I desire
further, with the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] that it shall go among our own
people, and that when that day comes—if come it
should—it may appear upon the record that suX
vituperative language has been heaped upon us
day after day, not by fanatics only, but, I regret
to say, by sovereign States upon this floor.
I did not design to have occupied the time of
the Senate upon this occasion, and regret that I
have been betrayed thus far; but the topic is ex-
citing. The honorable Senator from Vermont
has spoken -of resolutions introduced here from
the State of Virginia. He is correct in regard to
their character. If I recollect aright, they were
not addressed to the Senate, but to their Senators.
We thought it our duty, upon receiving them, as
the Senator thought it his, and I think rightly, to
however, I can say, that the resolutions I have in jj present them to the Senate.
my hand are in precisely the same form with the
resolutions presented the other day. |
Mr. MASON. The path of the southern States |
upon this question is now straight before us. It j
has been marked out by the State which I have ;
!' the honor to represent in part here, and what she !
! has declared has been responded to, to the fullest j
;j extent, by all or nearly all of the whole southern i
people. I say, sir, her .path is marked out, straight
! and direct. And I should reajret exceedingly if
| that'path should be obstructed in the slightest de-
gree by any collateral and unnecessary issues.
I agree entirely with what fell from the honor-
i, able Senator fiom South Carolina, [Mr. Botler,]
!■ who sits before me, that these resolutions should
be printed. And I apprehend, with all possible
|} respect which I entertain for my colleague over
r the way, [Mr. Berrien]—yes,sir, I call the Sena-
j: tor from Georgia my colleague, on this question,
j at least—that the objection which he has made
savors somewhat of spccial pleading.
;i Sir, at the last session, the resolutions offered by
The Senator says that in these resolutions there
was a threat of dissolution of the Union. I dis-
claim it. There was no threat—none. There
was a determined turpose—a resolve by the
State of Virginia to protect her honor and her in-
stitutions against all aggression, from any quarter.
There were no threats—none, whatever. Vir-
ginia stands in a position that will not permit it.
Threats'—to whom? To those with whom she
is associated in this Union ? Why, sir, threats are
made by braggarts in the streets 1 It belongs to
that class to utter threats—not to independent
States; and I assure that Senator, and all who
hear me, that if the law is passed, which is called
for by the resolutions just submitted, the determin-
ation of Virginia will be made good, in her own
language, "at every hazard, and to the last ex-
tremity." If it leads t0 a dissolution of the Union,
I would submit it to ynu, sir, or to any man who
.knows what it is to be a freeman, who would hesi-
tate for one instant—hesitate when the choice is
put to him between a dissolution of this Union
