1216
THE' CONGRESS!ON A L GLOBE.
June la.
•bound to leave the people of the territories when
called on to form a State, perfect freedom and un-
restricted choice to prefer or prohibit slavery. You
are under a no less clear obligation, not by prece-
dent legislation to exclude the institutions of sla-
very, or slave property, and thus impel them, by
controlling influence, to decide only one way,
and against the institution. If you are bound to
admit States, whether free or slave, and the people
duly authorized to form a State are alone entitled
to decide, then are you not bound to leave the cit-
izens of the embryo State free to bring in or receive
slaves, uninfluenced by your legislation, and ac-
cording to the dictates of their own inclinations or
necessities? If you cannot impose institutions of
property or constitutional provisions upon them,
are you not clearly excluded from the right of so
framing legislation for them while teiritories, as
to preclude them from having the property among
them, and so compel them not to recognize or es-
tablish it? There is scarce a difference in form,
and none in substance, between absolutely com-
pelling them to exclude the property, and prohibit
it as the condition of their admission, and so pro-
hibiting and excluding slave property and slave
institutions from the territories, as to place the
people under a certain compulsion to exclude.
What matters it whether you assume directly to
dictate their constitution and prohibit slavery, or
only by your previous interdicts and hostile le^is-
laion foice the people to your foregone conclusion
to exclude? Suppose by your legislation you forced
ail citizens who emigrated to the territories to
take slaves and hold them there, would you not
effectually secure and comf el the adoption of con-
stitutions recognizing and establishing slavery?
So, with no less certainty, when you undertake to
exclude slaveholders and slaves, and to admit
only citizens without slaves, by your legislation, by
your invidious action, you have assured and com-
pelled the adoption of constitutions containing the
interdict of slavery. Nothing could more clearly
dcmonstra'e the injustice and unconstitutionality,
on your own data, of the Wilmot proviso and all
kindred measures of exclusion, as applied to the
territories. 1 am amazed at the inconsistency and
inadequate conception of their position displayed
by the honorable gentleman from New Hampshire
[vtr. Hibbard] and others, who acknowledge
the obligation lo admit new States, whether slave
or free, and to secure to the people alone entire
freedom of choice as to the institution, and yet at
the same time are in favor of, and ready to enact,
the Wilmot pioviso. Why, sir, it is palpable
mockery, which covers both a wrong and an in-
sult to the South, to avow that the ri^ht of de-
ciding on their institutions belongs alone to the
people, when called on to form States, and at the
same time, by express legislation, to exclude the
property to be recognized, and admit to settlement
onlv those who are without and hostile to it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] con-
fidently asserts that the opposition of southern
members to the admission of California, is solely
because her people m their constitution have ex-
cluded slavery; and he challenges contradiction or
denial. For one, sir, I am free toanswer the gentle-
man without disguise or hestitation. There are,sir,
independent of the interdict of slavery, very grave
impedimenta to the admission of California as she
presents herself; but the most conclusive objection
with me is, that her people have not had the oppor-
tunity of fairly determining as to the institution of
slavery, and its adaptation to their circumstances
and necessities, and of unchecked election to adopt
or reject it, but have been, m effect, so dealt with
and constrained as to have no option but to exclude
it. In violation of your own alleged principle of
non-interference, and of allowance to the people
who might emigrate there freely to determine their
own institutions, you have refused to give them a
territorial government without the odious proviso;
you have refused even to assent to the formation
bv them, freely and without bias, of a State gov-
ernment; you have held constantly impending
over them a positive prohibition of slaveholders
with their slaves. You have incessantly clamored
about the existence of Mexican laws to exclude
them. You have refused to extend over them the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and
have withheld even the privilege of asserting, by
appeal to the courts of the Union, the invalidity
of alleged obstructions, whether tliose of Mexi-
can law or of your own creation. Having thus
effectual!! y debarred the slaveholding citizens of the
Union with their property, and invoked all possible
influences to assure the interdict of slavery, you
now turn round, and cry out for the ri^ht of a
people, regularly organized and authorized to
form a State, which we have always acknowl-
edged, to determine their own institutions, and
demand that we should recogn ze as legitimate and
conclusive the constrained and unauthorized action
of the hordes of adventurers and gold hunters of
California, whom you dignify with the name and
rights of the sovereign people. The whole thing
is barefaced, shallow trickery, and though you
may not scorn to offer it, you would despise our
silliness if we accepted it. No, gentlemen; if you
our good faith invoke, and rest on this right of the
people, first remand California to her legitimate
condition of territorial dependence—organize and
establish a proper territorial government without
the proviso—give, as the Constitution entitles, to
the citizens of all the States the privileges of mi-
gration and settlement with their property; and
then, when sufficiently settled and authorized to
constitute States7 let the people freely decide, and
I guaranty the cheerful acquiescence of the South
in their decision, whether it be favorable or ad-
verse to their institutions.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment,and said
the gentleman from Ohio had just charged that the
opposition to California with her present constitu-
tion by the South was founded upon the anti-sla-
very clause in her constitution,and therefore, in the
denial of this light of a people forming a State con-
stitution, to admit or exclude slavery. Mr. T.
denied the fact, and demanded proof. On the con-
trary, he asserted that the South had uniformly
held and maintained this right. That in 1820, on
the Missouri question, the North denied it, bat the
South unanimously affirmed it. From that day
till this, the South, through all her authorized ex-
ponents of her opinions, has affirmed this doctrine;
her legislatures, her governors of States, her mem-
bers upon this floor, and even her primary assem-
blies, have all affirmed, it and the gentleman from
Ohio cannot point to a single particle of evidence
to support his unfounded charge. The South can
proudly point to her whole political history for its
reputation. But how stands the case with the
North? She denied the truth of this greatprinci-
ple of constitutional right in 1820, acquiesced in the
compromise then made as long as it was to her
uiteiest, and then repudiated the compromise and
reasserted her right to dictate constitutions to ter-
ritories seeking admission into the Union. She
put her anti-slavery proviso upon Oregon, and at
the last session or* Congress, when the present
Secretary of the Navy introduced a bi'l to author-
ize California to form a State government and come
into the Union, leaving her free to act as she pleased
upon the question of slavery, the North put the
aim-slavery proviso upon this State' bill. 1 know
of no northern Whig who voted against that pro-
viso. A few gentlemen of the Democratic party
from the Northwest, and my friend from Illinois
among them, [Vlr. Richardson] boldly and hon-
estly struck for the right, an^i opposed it; but they
were powerless against the torrent of northern
opposition. The evidence is complete; the North
repudiated this principle—and while, for sinister
and temporary purposes, they may pretend to
favor the President's plan, which affirms it, they
will not sustain it. They will not find a right
place to affirm it until they get California into the
Onion, and then they will throw off the mask and
trample it under foot. 1 intend to diag oil" the
mask before the consummation of that act. We
do not oppose California on account of the anti-
slavery clause in her constitution. It was her right,
and I am not even prepared to say that ^he acted
unwisely in its exercise—that is her business; but
i stand upon the great principle that the South has
right to an equal participation in the territories of
the United States. I claim the right for her to en-
ter them all with her property and securely to
enjoy it. She will divide with you if you wish it,
but the right to enter all or divide I shall never
surrender. In my judgment, this right, involving,
as it does, political equality, is worth a thousand
such Unions as we have, even if they each were a
thousand times more valuable than this. I speak
not for others, but for myself. Deprivd us of this
right and appropriate this common property to
yourselves, it is then your government, not
mine. Then I am its enemy, and I will then, if I
can, bring my children and my constituents to the
altar of liberty, and like Hamilcar, I would swear
them to eternal hostility to your foul domination.
Give us our just rights, and we are ready, as ever
heretofore, to stand by the Union, every part of
it, and its every interest. Refuse it, and for one,
I will strike for Independence.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MEADE renewed the amendment, and
said, I wish to notice some remarks which fell
from the gentleman from Ohio. The gentleman
asks whether the South would have been in favor
of admitting California had she admitted slavery?
In the present heated state of the controversy, we
might have been in favor of it; but in such case,
we should have committed the same wrong as the
gentleman is now doing. Let me ask of the gen-
tleman, would he, in such event, have been for it?
I wish him to answer?
Mr. SCHENOK said, it would be time enough
to consider that question when it arose. He had
always recognized, and did now recognize, the
perfect right of the people, when they formed
State governments, to put in, or exclude slavery
from their constitutions, as they pleased. And his
argument in favor of the application of the Wil-
mot proviso to the territories whilst they were
territories, was, in a great measure, based upon
the ground, that if Congress gave them free insti-
tutions whilst they were territories, there Was the
more probability that they would adhere to those
institutions when they came to legislate for them-
selves.
Mr. MEADE continued. I undertake to say,
he would not have been for her admission. Now,
sir, the truth is, if all the States were free States,
or all slave States, no one would have been for it;
no, not one. The objections to her admission
would have been too glaring. Her great extent
of sea-coast—her immense size—her utter unfit-
ness for being a State—the fact that those who
made her constitution were non-residents. They
had not arrived in the country more than two or
three months before they were, by some means,
made members of convention; and, having: made
a constitution to govern others, they have left the
country, to which they went merely to fill their
pockets with pearls. Their Representatives have
only come back to their homes and families; and it
is well known that one-half of this territory is now
anxious to be made a territory of, and the other
would, but for certain influences. Were she a State
to-morrow, she would not support her government.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van1
Dyke] assigns reasons for voting against this
amendment pernicious to, and utterly at war with,
wholesome legislation. To almost every bill, im-
portant amendments are offered, and its friends
have the right to perfect those amendments before
the vote is put.
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS renewed the amendment. Fie
said he had been willing to abstain from the dis-
cussion of this question for the past three or four
months, from the conviction that the time for talk-
ing had gone by, and the time for action had ar-
rived. He had been induced to rise merely for
the purpose of expressing his dissent from the
opinion thrown out, that northern men do not ob-
ject to the admission of more slave States. It
would be understood by all that if a slave State be
admitted she must come into the Union with her
slave representation, by which the freemen of such
State would have a voice, in the election of Presi-
dent, Vice President, members of Congress, and in
the conducting of this Federal Government, in pro-
portion to the number of slaves which they hold in
bondage. That is to say, that for every five slaves
they will increase the influence of the slaveholder
to the extent of three freemen.
Tms power is exercised in favor of slavery and
oppression, against freedom and the rights of man.
The power of the slaveholders—of the fieemen of
such State, is thus increased over and beyond the
freemen of the northern States. He regaided this
inequality as disgnceful to the freemen of the
North. His constituents regarded such a proposi-
tion as unjust, and degrading to northern freemen.
He had seen honorable members from Illinois,
and from Pennsylvania, state that they were will-
ing to go into a union with new slave States upon
such terms. Gentlemen had told us, that their
constituents were willing to go into such a union,
