1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
known everywhere, that the South alone is not
responsible for all these motions and delays for
three days past. Let any man look over the de-
bate, and he will find that, though southern gen-
tlemen have made moie speeches, yet you will
find that northern gentlemen, who will have Cali-
fornia alone, if we believe their professions,«€ind
nothing else, have furnished most unnecessarily
and unwisely the text for these speeches. The
country cannot fail to see that all such motions and
speeches are out of place and suicidal on the part
of those who desire to bring the House to a vote
on this question, and I have used five minutes to
invite attention to the fact.
A word as to the amendment now under consid-
eration, a vote upon which has so strangely ex-
cited some gentlemen in the South. I have rarely
heard it questioned by any one, that the people, in
forming a State constitution, have nota right to do
as they please in reference to slavery, end that no
objection can rightfully be made against their ad-
mission into the Union, let them decide it as they
may. And surely Whigs of the North who ad-
vocate the President's plan, must admit this, for
he urges no action by the Government, in order to
let the people do this very thing.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VINTON" rer.ewed the amendment. He
said, the President had transmitted to the House
the constitution of California, and the question
now before us is, whether that constitution shall
be accepted. That is what the bill now under de-
bate proposes to do, and it proposes nothing more.
Now, sir, I shall vote for nothing that does not
lead directly to a decision of that question, discon-
nected from all extraneous matter. I shall,
therefore, vote against the amendment now pro-
posed, and against that which my colleague [Mr.
Schenck] has given notice of his intention to offer,
and all others of a like character. The amend-
ment, in substance, is a declaration that it shall
not be an objection to the admission of any State
hereafter that the constitution of such State admits
or excludes slavery. By this I suppose it is in-
tended to declare that it is no constitutional or
le^al objection to the admission of a State that its
constitution prohibits or recognizes slavery. Let
me take one of these alternative propositions first,
which is, that we shall declare in this bill that it
shall be no objection to the admission of a State
that its constitution prohibits slavery. What prac-
tical purpose, sir, can that answer? If any prin-
ciple iss more firmly established than any other by
the legislation of this country and by the opinion
of the nation, if is that very one. Since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, not less than seven States,
with constitutions excluding slavery, ha^e been
admitted into the Union. It has, then, been seven
times affirmed by every branch of the law-making
power that it is no objection to the admission of a
State that its constitution prohibits slavery. And
it has been still oftener affirmed that it is no objec-
tion to the admission of a State that its constitution
admits of slavery, since a greater number of slave
than of free Slates have been admitted. This is
the solid and immutable basis on which both parts
of this proposition startd. And for one, sir, as a
Representative from a free State, 1 am not willing
to weaken it by voting for a proposition that, if it
have any efficacy, carries with it an inference or
implication that the position is in danger or
doubt, and requires to be reaffirmed. I do not
want any such declaration in behalf of the free
States; and I am not willing to give, and shall not
give, any vote that may imply that there is any
doubt or question about the right to admit a State
with a free constitution. And if 1 were the repre-
sentative of a southern State I would not vote for
a declaration that carries with it an implication that
the right to admit a State with a constitution allow-
ing slavery does not stand on an immutable basis
By the repeated and solemn sanctions it has re-
ceived. Again, sir, I am opposed to this declara-
tion, because, as it is now proposed to be intro-
duced, it is not legislation, and has nothing to do
with the question before us, but is a meie idle ab-
straction, which nobody ever disputed. To intro-
duce such abstractions into practiced legislation is
to convert the House into a debating and resolving
club.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, renewed the
amendment,and said:I wish, Mr. Chairman, to put
a question to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Yin-
ton,] who has just taken his seat. I wish to know
if he would vote for the admission of a State into the
Union with a constitution recognizing African sla-
very? He has just said that there' could be no
legal or constitutional objection to the admission
of such a State; but there might be some " senti-
mental " objection. We have heard strange doc-
trines lately—we have hcardofprinciplesand senti-
ments higher than the law, and carrying obliga-
tions stronger than the Constitution. It is useless
for the gentleman to tell me that there could be no
legal or constitutional objection to the admission
of a slave State into the Union. That I know
quite well. And it is equally useless for him to tell
me what has been the past history of the country
on this subject: that I also know quite well. But
I know likewise, that there is a party in the North
who aver that there shall be no more slave States,
notwithstanding there is no legal or constitutional
objections to their admission; and I want to know
if the gentleman from Ohio belongs to that party.
I therefore put the question directly to him, and
ask him if he would vote for the admission of a
State with a constitution recognizing slavery ? 1
put the question to him, and I want him to an-
swer it here, in the presence of this PJouse, and
before the American people. I pause for a reply.
Several Voices. He is silent.
Yes, (continued Mr. S.,) the gentleman is silent.
I call upon the House and the country to note
the import of that silence. If the amendment pro-
posed be such a bare abstraction as he represents
it, why does he not respond to my plain, but di-
rect'question? I am bound to infer, sir, that he
would not vote to admit a State, if the people in
any of our territories should form a constitution
with slavery. And I am bound to infer the same
thing of all those other gentlemen around me, who
profess to be for the President's plan, as they call
it. That plan, I am bound to believe, was under-
stood by the President to be nothing but the adop-
tion of the principles of this amendment for the ter-
ritories. That principle is, to let the people decide
this question for themselves when they form a
State constitution; and yet, strange to sav. only
two gentlemen of the Whig party from the North.
[Mr. Butler and Mr. Casey,] both of Pennsyl-
vania, have this day risen and declared on this floor,
that would they stand by that plan in good faith.
I call the especial attention of the House and the
country to this fact; and I a«k any fair and can-
did man, if my colleague [Mr. Toombs] was not
right the other day, when he charged upon mem-
bers of this House who had pretended to espouse
that plan, purposes of fraud and deception? Ynu
cannot escape from it. You are for the plan only
so far as it suits your interest. You will let the
people settle the question, provided they settle it
your way, but if they do not, then you will reject
their application to be admitted as States. Sir, I
want this House purged upon this question. 1
want no equivocation, no evasion, no dodging,
and no skulking. If you are for the President's
plan, if you are in favor of leaving this question
for the people, untrammeled, to decide for them-
selves, have the manliness to say so; and if you
are not, don't show the pusillanimity of attempt-
ing by fraudulent practices to make people believe
that you are when you are not. I intend to speak
plainly to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
He cannot deceive me in this matter. How did
he vote on the bill introduced last session by the
present Secretary of the Navy, to allow the people
of California to form a constitution for themselves
untrammeled by Congress. That was the plan
of the President. Was he then for it, or was he
for loading it with the proviso ? Let him answer
mc.
Mr. VINTON interposed and said, he did not
vote upon it at all—he was in the chair.
Mr. STEPHENS continued; yes, sir, I know
that. But was he for the bill? Would he have
voted for it if he had been out of the chair? Or
would he vote for a similar bill now, for the other
territories? That is the question I put to him, and
he ^is again silent. Now, sir, I ask, is this fair
dealing, and do gentlemen really think they can
humbug me, and bamboozle the country m this
way by their pretending that their opposition to
this amendment is for no other reason than because
it is an abstraction, thrown in to embarrass the ad-
mission of California?
One word, sir, in reply to another gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] who comes out boldly,
and declares his opposition to the admission of
any more slave States. He says, that those north-
ern gentlemen who are willing to allow slave States
| to be admitted, are for putting their free constitu-
ents of the North on a footing with southern slaves.
I deny it. I join issue with him upon the fact. I
say that his assertion is groundless and gratuitous.
I have heard a great deal upon this floor about the
political power secured to the South on account of
the two-fifth representation. That gentleman has
just said, that one man with one thousand s!a\es
in New Mexico, would have as much power in
this Government, as six hundred freemen of the
North. I deny the fact. A freeman in Pennsylva-
nia and a freeman in Ohio, has as much influence
and power in this Government under our ConstU
tution, as a freeman has in Georgia, Virginia, or
any other slave State. And a freeman in any one
of those States with a thousand slaves, has no
more power or influence, has no more piivileges,
immunities or franchises under the Constitution of
the United States, than a freeman in the freest
State of this Union has. This whole argument
against the South on account of the two-fifth rep.
resentation rests upon assumptions which are
unjust and untrue. Instead of giving the South
additional power, it is actually restrictive of her
power. This 
(Here the hammer fell.) Mr. S. withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, renewed the
amendment. He said, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] says that the proposition now be-
fore the committee is one about which there can
be no controversy—that it is settled—and that he
will not throw doubt upon such a pioposition by
voting for it. Does the gentleman, then, desire to
throw light upon it by voting against it ? Now, I
understood the gentleman to be silent when he was
asked whether he had voted for the admission of
a slaveholding State, or whether he would vote for
the admission of such a State hereafter, i under-
stood the gentleman, by his silence, tottssume this
position: that he would not vote as a question of
policy—not upon legal or constitutional grounds—
that he had committed himself not to vote  
Mr. VINTON. The gentleman has no right to
assert any such understanding.
Mr. STANTON. Why, then, didnot the gen-
tleman answer when the question was put to him?
Now, I understand that the Legislatures of fourteen
of the northern States have declared against the
admission hereafterof any slaveholding State into
the Union. This is the sum and substance—this
is the gist of of the whole question. This is the
pivot upon which it turns—this is the pivot upon
which this Union is balanced 
Mr. DUNCAN interposed, and (Mr. S. yielding
the floor) was understood to suggest that the dec-
laration of those Legislatures had been qualified so
far as to make it applicable to States made out of
territory now free.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) I know that the
non-slaveholding States have begged the question,
by assuming that the territories recently acquired
from Mexico are free; but when the question comes
to a vote here, their Representatives have in vai iabiy
considered it necessary to impose upon those ter-
ritories the Wilmot proviso, which, if heir doc-
trine had been true, or if they themselves believed
it to be true, was altogether unnecessary, i can
well conceive liow these gentlemen, who always
voted against the Wilmot proviso, can consist-
cntly vote for the propositions before the commit*
teo. 1 honor those gentlemen who uniformly
i: maintain the principle in that proviso. But as
,! regards any other northern gentleman who votes
r for the Wilmot proviso, and, at the same time,
i1 declares himself in favor of that proposition, i say
. I am unable to comprehend the consistency of
i' his position.
j! Mr. B1SSELL (interposing, and Mr. S. yield-
ii ing the floor) said, did I undeistand the gentle-
i| man to assert, that fourteen of the non-siavehold-
|l lug States had passed resolutions declaring that
■I no slaveholding States should hereaiter be ad-
mitted into the Union?
H Mr. STANTON. I understand so.
ii Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman is mistaken—
I! altogether mistaken.
I; Mr. STANTON, if I am so, I am happy to
be corrected. I withdraw the amendment.
IS Mr. CLINGMAN renewed the amendment.
