1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
drews, Ashmun, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cling-
man, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey,
Dixon, Duel, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Giddmgs,Goodenovv, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard,
Henry, Houston* Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr,
Daniel P. King, George G, King, James G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, Mc-
Kissock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phcenix,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander
H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thomp-
son, Ttiurman,Toombs, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, Watkins,
White, Wilson, and Wmthrop.
For Mr. - French—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Harlan, and
Boot.
For Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke— Messrs. Joseph P. Cald-
well, Deberry, Htfliaid, Holmes, and Levin.
For Mr. JPhileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, Preston King ,
and Wilmot.
No choice:
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, said he thought gen-
tlemen would agree with him, that it was very
tiresome sitting here day after day voting fruit-
lessly for the election of a Clerk. If in order, he
would move that the House should proceed to the
election of a Sergeant-at-Arms. There was no
reason, as he understood, why the House, under
the order which it had adopted, should proceed
with the election of a Clerk before it elected other
officers. Probably, after a Sergeant-at-Arms and
a Doorkeeper had been elected, the House would j
be more successful in its efforts to elect a Clerk. j
The SPEAKER said that, undsr the resolution !
of the House, it was necessary that a Clerk should ,
be first elected. The House could then proceed ;
to the election of other officers. ;
Mr. CONRAD said that the terms of the reso- j
lution were " a Clerk and other officers." j
The SPEAKER said that, in his opinion, the j
order in which the elections must be proceeded ;
with, was that named in the resolution. j
Mr. CONRAD inquired of the Speaker whether i
the rules prescribed any particular mode of elec- ,
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that the
election shall take place viva voce. There is an ex-
press rule to that effect.
Mr. CONRAD. Then I desire to submit a res-
olution which 1 think will be in compliance with
that rule.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the present officers or tne House, with the
exception of the Seigeant-at-Arnis, be retained in office,and
that be appointed Sergeant-at-Arms.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER said, he did not think that, un-
der the order relating to the officers of the House,
the resolution of the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Conrad] would be in order.
Mr. CONRAD said, the House would have to
vote viva voce on the resolution. All that would
have to be done would be to fill the blank for Ser-
geant-at-Arms, and vote at once on the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed
with an objection.
Mr. CONRAD said, he would not move to sus-
pend the rules. But he thought that his resolution
would be a literal compliance with the rule. It
would be voting viva voce for the election of offi-
cers. , i
The SPEAKER said, he had examined the rule |
with some care in reference to this point, and was
of the opinion that a resolution of this kind was
not in order.
Mr. H1LLIARD inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in order to move that the
present Clerk be retained in office ?
The SPEAKER. A motion or resolution of
that kind would, in the opinion of the Chair, be of
the some character as the resolution of the gentle-
man from Lousiana, [Mr. Conrad,] and therefore
not in order.
Mr. HILLIARD. Then the Chair decides that
such a motion would not be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. SCHENCK sent to the Clerk's table the
following resolution, which was read formforma-
tion:
Resolved, That be arid he fs hereby elected Clerk of
this House for the present Congress.
The SPEAKER said, that in* the opinion of the
Chair the resolution was not in order. .
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that the resolution
came within the rule. The first question would
be on filling the blank. Let gentlemen decide
whose name they would insert in place of the
blank—Mr. Forney's, Mr. Foot's or any other
name, as the case might be—calling the yeas and
nays on filling the blank. In that way a vote
would be obtained viva voce; and'there would be
no outsiders for or against any particular candi-
date. This, he supposed, would be voting viva
voce.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the resolution is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I shall appeal from
that decision.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman appeals from
the decision. The question will be, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. FOWLER requested the Speaker to state
how the question stood.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. SCHENCK. In connection with the res-
olution, I move to fill the blank with the name of
Solomon Foot; and on that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the appeal taken by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck:] " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
And the question was then taken, end decided
in the affirmative without a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BAKER rose and said, that he desired to
ask the opinion of the Chair upon a point which
he probably had not clearly understood. He
wished to move to rescind the order of the House
relating to the election of officers. To effect that
object, was it necessary that he should give one
day's notice ? and if so, how was the notice to be
given ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a motion to rescind the resglution would not be in
order.
Mr. BAKER. In what way, then, if ever, are
we to stop voting?
The SPEAKER said that he knew of no mode,
short of the execution of the order of the House,
unless the House should think proper to postpone
further action on the order.
Mr. BAKER. But, as neither a resolution to
I postpone nor to rescind is in order, how are we to
i accomplish either of these objects?
: The Chair has not decided that a motion to
! postpone was not in order.
i Mr. BAKER then moved that the order of the
House be'postponed indefinitely.
The yeas and nays on that motion were asked
and ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired if
the motion was susceptible of amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to move
to postpone to a day certain; and that motion will
take precedence of the motion to postpone indefi-
nitely.
Mr. STEVENS. I intended to make such a
motion. I move that the further consideration of
the order be postponed until Monday week.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes preco-
dcncs 
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to lay the motions
on the table.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to
< move to lay on the table a motion to postpone.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stevens, and decided in the negative without
a division.
So the motion to postpone to Monday week was
rejected.
And the question recurring on the motion to
, postpone indefinitely—
i Mr. MEADE moved to amend it, so as to post-
| pone until to-morrow.
i And the question was taken and decided in the
| negative without a division:
! So the motion to postpone until to-morrow was
| rejected.
; And the question again recurring on the motion
i to postpone indefinitely—
i Mr. STANLY was understood to inquire
| whether there would be any difficulty in taking
: up this business anew on another day, if it should
j now be postponed ?
I The SPEAKER said, he could not decide that
|| question until it should be properly raised. The
House would act upon'ita own judgmental! rela-.
tion to the condition in which it might place itself
touching the election of its officers, if the motion
for indefinite postponement should be agreed to.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 149—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Briggs, Brooks, C. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, Josepb P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey. Chandler,
Clarke, Clingman, Conger, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Dan-
can, Freedley, Goortenow, Gott, Gould, GrinneH, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, HiSIiard, Houston, J. L.
Johnson, Kerr, D. P. King, G. G. King, J. G. King, John A.
King, Newell, Ogle, Outlaw, Phrenix, Pitman, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Schermerhorn, Silvester,
Sprague, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Tay-
lor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Vinton, Wat-
kins, Wilson, and Winthrop—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown,
Buel, Burrows, Burt, T. B.Butler, J. Cable,G. A. Caldwell,
Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Doty,
Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Alex. Evans, Nathan Evans,
Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry,
Giddings, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson, Isham G.
Harris, bampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Howe, Hubbard,
Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson,Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sfere, Lelfler, Levin,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Mat*
teson, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McGa *ghey,
McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Old?,
Orr, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Putnam, Reed, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Root, Ross,
Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Stanly,
Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson, Tuck,
Underhill, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn,
White, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, and Young
—149.
So the House decided that the execution of the
order should not be postponed indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will please re-
sume their seats at the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said he
wished to give notice (which he had reduced to
writing) that he would to-morrow move to rescind
the order.
The notice was read.
Objection was made.
So the notice was not received.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, asked leave to report a resolu-
tion.
Objections were made.
So the report was not received.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
A message was here received from the Senate,
notifying the House of the passage by that body,
of a resolution that two Chaplains, of different de-
nominations, be elected to Congress during the
present session—one by each House—who shall
interchange weekly; also informing the House
that the Senate had elected one on their part, the
Rev. Dr. Botler, of the Piotestant Episcopal
Church.
Also, a message notifying the House that the
Senate had appointed Messrs. Pearce, Mason,
and Davis of Mass., members, on the part of the
Senate, of the Joint Committee on the Library.
Also, that the Senate had appointed Messrs.
Rusk and Badger, members, on the part of the
Senate, of the Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The roll was then again called—being the four-
teenth time. The tellers reported that 217 votes
had been given in; necessary to a choice 109; of
which—
Mr. Forney received.    • • So
Mr. Foot * 98
Mr. Clarke .....   • • • "
Mr. French,  *  j
Mr. Phiieo     *
Mr. Prindle.
217
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Aveiettj
B.iy, Bayly, Deal, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdmi, Bowlm, Boyd,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Jos. Cable,
George A Caldwell, Car.ter, Cleveland, Howell Cobb,
W. R. VP. Cobb. Colcock, Daniel, DimiMCk, Disney, Dot},
Dunham. Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, fuller,
Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hacketl, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson VV.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hihbard, Hoagland, Holladay,
Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfcre,Leffler, Littlefield,JobMami,
Mason, McClernand, MeDonald, McDowell, McLan&lian,
