1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
He was awfcre that a vast number of the States of
the North had passed resolutions asserting that no
more slave States should be admitted into the
Union. He stated that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Mann,] had stated that fourteen
of the free States had passed resolutions in favor of
the proviso, and that gentleman was better in-
formed on the subject than he (Mr. C.) was. He
had seen the resolutions of some of these States.
Those of Vermont and Massachusetts had decided
that no more slave States ought to be admitted into
the Union. He had read over these resolutions,
and he had no doubt that all the New England
States had so decided. -v
Mr. FULLER. There is one exception. The
State of Maine had passed no such resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN resumed. Maine then was
an exception. How had it been with the State of
New York ? Had she made a similar decision ?
Mr. JOHN A. KING. Her decision may be
gathered from the resolutions of her Legislature,
which he had presented a short time ago. She
affirmed that Congress had no right to extend
slavery over the free territories which we have
recently acquired.
Mr. CLINGMAN said the limitation made no
difference. It was not, however, a matter of much
moment how many States there are. There was
a great majority of the free States.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said that almost
all the free Srates had passed resolutions m favor
of the Wilmot proviso, which was the same thing.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he knew that. Califor-
nia knew as well as we know on this ffoor, that her
surest way to get admission into the Union was
to insert in her constitution a clause prohibiting
slavery.
Mr. CARTTER was recognized, and yielded
the floor, for explanation, to
Mr. CASEY who merely wished to say, in an-
swer toythe declaration of his colleague, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] that he wanted it to go out to his (Mr.C. '&)
constituents, that he (Mr. C ) would give as much
power to a slaveholder owning five nfgroes as fuur
of his constituents had—that he (Mr. C.) denied
the principle in toto. The representation was not
of the slaveholder, but of the negroes themselves,
and a slaveholder in New Mexico, even if he
owned fifty slaves, would only have the same vote
as one of his constituents.
He would return his colleague's compliment by
saying that he wished it to go out to the thirteen
or fourteen thousand Whigs of Lancaster county,
who voted for General Taylor, that, although his
colleague [Mr. Stevens] had made three or four
speeches, he had not said a word in favor of the
eminently statesmanlike and patriotic plan of the
Administration for the settlement of this great
question.
Mr. CARTTER resumed, and said he had not
obtained the floor for the purpose of making a
speech, but bringing the amendment to a vote.
Mr. McCLEKNAND. I wish to know whether
the amendment is under the control of the gentle-
man from Ohio ?
Mr. CARTI'ER. I don't withdraw it whether
it is or not.
After some conversation on the point of order—
it appearing that Mr. Cartter had not renewed
the amendment, and
Mr. GORMAN risingand addressing the Chair,
and renewing the amendment,
The floor was given to the latter gentleman.
Mr. GORMAN paid: Mr. Chairman, 1 had not
intended to have said anything upon this subject.
I thought it the best policy for those who, acting
with me, weie in favor of the admission of Cali-
fornia, to have remained silent; but some remarks
which have fallen from the Whig side of this
House, 1 think, should not so unnoticed. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was in favor
of applying the Wilmot proviso to our territories,
and thtreby keep them free, while Congress hud
the power, as he conceived, to legislate for thfm,
and that when they were ready to form their own I
constitution and ask for admission into the Union,
they surely would then prohibit slaveiy. This,
sir, is saying substantially, that he will not con-
rent to vote for the admission of any State into the
Union unless it prohibits slavery.
Gentlemen are opposed to Aftican slavery, and
have agitated the subject here and elsewhere, until
the very Union itself is now endangered and se-
riously with dissoIutip& They never
think that, by the Wilmot proviso, they m&k&
white freemen slaves, and compel them, without
letting them be heard, to take such institutions as
the gentleman from Ohio and his coadjutors would
impose upon them.
Sir, I hold no political communion with any
party who refuse to trust the people to mould their
institutions to their own liking. That party which
refuses to trust the people with political power, is
unfit and unworthy, politically, to be trusted them-
selves.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] dis-
tinguished for his long and able services, says that
it is no objection to the admission of a State into
the Union that she establishes or prohibits slavery;
yet he studiously avoids answering the question
put to him hy the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and the gentleman from Tennessee, {Mr.
Stanton,] whether he xcould now vote to admit a
slave State into the Union ? The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] says it is the settled
determination of a large majority of the North,
that no more slave States shall be admitted into
this Union. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] solemnly, in his place, declares that such
is the determination of his constituents and of
the people generally of the North. This may be
true with the Whig party, with whom those gen-
tlemen act. Sir, the Whig party of the North
have echoed the Free-Soil-Abolition sentiment, to
wit: " No more slave States to be admitted into
the Union," with a few honorable exceptions, and
those exceptions, too, chiefly confined to the North-
west.
Sir, the Constitution we have sworn to support,
and that we are solemnly bound to observe and
maintain, declares that '' new States may be ad-
mitted by the Congress info this Union," with
but one qualification, viz: that her constitution
shall be republican in form. The doctrine that
no State shall be admitted into this Union, unless
her constitution prohibits slavery, is anti-repub-
lican—contrary to the genius of our institutions,
and a violation of the sovereign righ's of freemen,
and a vital stab at the equality and rights of the
States. You want negroes to be free! but you
want to make slaves of white American citizens.
If the freemen of the territories are capable of
modeling their institutions for the government of
the domestic relations between husband and wife,
parent and child, guardian and ward, they must
be, and they are, capable of regulating the rela-
tion of master and servant. v
Sir, a distinguished gentleman in the other end
of the Capitol who, not long since, bore the banner
of the Whig party in the great Empire State, and
to whom the whole Whig party of the North did
homage, has proclaimed that there is u a power
higher than the Constitution." Sir, if we are to
sit still, and see encroachments upon that sacred
instrument made day after day, hour after hour,
and month after month, until it is torn to pieces
by the ruthless hand of agitators, we hud as well
give up our Union at once. Sir, if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will stand upon the
doctrine of the present Chief Magistrate, in re-
gard to the right of the people to form constitu-
tions for themselves, I will give him my hand;
and, so far as that point is concerned, welcome
him into the Democratic ranks, But there are
but few "Whigs in the northern States who can
stand up boldly on this floor, and proclaim that
they would vote, to-day, to admit a slave State
into this Union that had been formed by the in-
dependent votes of independent freemen. For,
sir, when they return home they would be met
by their former declarations, that no more slave
States should be admitted into this Union formed
out of tertitory now free. Since the present
Chief Magistrate has repudiated that declaration
in his message now before the committee, some
gentlemen are beginning to hesitate, "squirm,"
back out, and apologize, rather than to seem to re-
fuse to follow Use hand of power and patronage,
and by this cry, the Whigs, with the aid of Free-
Soil Abolitionists, have beaten down and de-
stroyed many of our best Democrats, who dared
to stand by the Constitution and the rights of the
people, to petti* this question for themselves.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the committee, rise,
but waived the motion temporarily at the request
of
Mr. J. A. KING, who, in order, he said, that
there might be no mistake about his own senti-
ments, or the sentiments of the State which he had
the honor in part to represent, desired to read the
joint resolutions of the. Legislature of the State of
New York, on the subject of slavery, to which he
had referred.
No objection being made-
Mr. KING read the following:
Resolved, (if ihe Assembly concur.) That the determina-
tion indicated by the goverhor's messages and the resolutions
of the legislatures of various of the slavfholdinsj Elates,
I and by the representatives of such Stages in Congn-s-*, to
: extend domestic slavery ov«r the territory acquired by the
laie treaty of peace with the Republic of Mexico, we feel
I bound to oppose by all constitutional means; and recogni-
zing the constitutional pow^rot Congre>s to prohibit, by
positive enactment, the extension ot slavery into free teru-
tory, our Senators m Congic^s are hereby in-truotfd, and
our Representatives requeued, to u<e their besteiiorts to in-
sert such 4<\ poMtive proiiibiiiori into any law they may pass
for the government ot the territories in\juehtion.
Resolved7 (if the Assembly concur,) That onr Senators in
Congress be instructed, and out Ft* pi est-ntan ve* requested,
to resist firmly, aiid to the utmost of their ability, and by
such positive legislation as may b« necc^arv, the extension
of humnn slavery, or the jurisdiction of Tcaus over any
part of New Mexico.
Resolved, (it the Assembly concur,) That we hnvp learned
with great satisfaction that the people o< Cah'orma have
adopted a constitution which is entirely in aceoidunce with
the spirit of the free institutions of our country, and our
Senators in Congress are hereby instructed, and our R- pre-
ventatives requested, to aid in the passage of such laws as
may be neces-ary to admit that State into the Union.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the people of
this State are desirous of preserving inviolate the federal
Union, and thar they will strenuously oppose all attempts,
troin whatever source they may emanate,or under what-
ever pretence they may be made, to efiect its dissolution.
To that extent (said Mr. K.) my responsibility-
goes, and no further.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Thoaias, was taken, and agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported.
CALIFORNIA DEBATES.
Mr. GTLMORE moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution relating to the pur-
chase of certain copies of the debates of the Cal-
ifornia Convention, to form a State constitution,
had yesterday been referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was entered,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 15, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 10th instant, calling for information in rela-
tion to the practicability of deepening the entrance
to Mobile bay; which was read and ordered to lie
on the table.  
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of clergymen
of the city of Boston, in the State of Massachu-
setts, asking that a public vessel may be employed
to carry delegates from the United States to the
Peace Convention, to be held at Frankfort, ui
Germany; which was ordered to he on the table.
Also, two petitions from citizens of .New Hamp-
shire, asking that the right of trial by jury may be
allowed to fugitive slaves.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same, ask-
ing that slavery may be abolished in the Distiict of
Columbia.
Also, from the same, asking that slavery may be
prohioited by law in all the Territories of theUmted
States.
Also, a petitionjfrom citizens of the same, asking
that no State may hereafter be admitted into the
Union whose constitution does not prohibit sla-
very within Us limits.
Also, four petitions from citizens and female in-
habitants of the State of Pennsylvania, asking the
adoption of measures for abolishing shivery
throughout the United Slates, or relieving the peo-
ple of that State from the responsibility of aiding m
its support; all of which several petitions were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Champlain, New
Yoik, asking the adoption of measures for the ad-
justmentof international difficulties by arbitiation;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of the State of
Maine, asking that the army and navy may be abol-
ished, and that portion of th« Constitution which
