1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
Mr. DICKINSON. I have stated the object
asked for in a voice that could be heard, I think,
and I believe the object must be understood. I
think the Committee on Commerce is the proper
committee.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose that if there were any
stores to be transported, they would be military
stores, or they plight be naval stores. In all prob-
ability they would be military stores, and I move,
therefore, to refer the memorial to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON. As " we are at peace with
all the world," to say nothing of "the rest of
mankind," [laughter,] I would inquire what the
Senator expects the Military Committee will have
to do with it ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on the reference o the memorial to the Com-
mitteee on Commerce.
It was so referred, and the motion to print was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of C.
Learsmont, asking that the rates of postage may
be reduced, and the franking privilege abolished;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of Joseph
Sims, and others, of the heirs of Moses Gaylord,
and the memorial of Prudence Doane, widow of
Nathaniel Doane, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800.
In presenting these memorials the honorable
gentleman said: I hold in my hand several peti-
tions praying for an appropriation to indemnify
our citizens for spoliations by the French anterior
to the year 1800; and I propose, with the appro-
bation of the Senate, to bring up the question of
the reference of these petitions. I present to the
Senate, also, the memorial of Charles H. Baker
and others, the purport wh'ich I have indicated;
and in conformity with an intimation made to the
Senate by the honorable Senator from Alabama,
I move the reference of these memorials to a select
committee of five members. I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate, what is known to all the
members of the Senate who were members of the
body during the Twenty-ninth Congress, thatthese
memorials were referred to a select committee,
which I conceive to be appropriate. And I desire
further to say, that having been a member of the
Committeeon Foreign Affairs in the Houseof Rep-
resentatives during the Twenty-ninth Congress, the
bill originated in the Senate at that time and passed
the body, and was referred to the committee I have
named, and was by that committee put into my
hand, and I had the honor to report it to the
House. I had some agency in carrying it through
that body, and it is a subject in which I take some
interest; but I have no desire to obtrude myself
upon the attention of the Senate upon this or any
other subject. I have no particular desire to be a
member of the committee; but if I can do anything
to facilitate the proper consideration of these
claims, I shall be willing to be on the committee.
1 do not desire to be at the head of it, but would
prefer having some gentleman older and more ex-
perienced in the Senate, who would be more able
to contribute to a full and proper investigation of
the matter than it will be in my power to do.
Mr HUNTER. 1 hope these papers will not
be referred to a select committee. The usual course
is to refer such papers to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and I hope they will be sent to that
committee. 1 believe it is a bad practice to com-
mit claims to a select committee. I see no good
reason why we should depart from the usual
course. I move that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the
opinion that the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia takes precedence.
Mr. KING. I only wish to say that these claims
for indemnity for spoliations have frequently been
before this body, and I recollect that fifteen or
twenty years ago they were referred to a select
committee. I think that has been the general
course. It presents the subject in the simplest
form. These claims are of such a nature as to re-
quire that they should undergo the examination of
a committee particularly selected for that purpose
and having no other business before them. 1 be-
lieve that has been the usual course, and it is cer-
tainly the course which I would prefer.
Mr. CALHOUN. The vet-y reason assigned
by the chairman of the Comnfittee on Foreign Re-
lations is, in my opinion, the reason why they
should not go to a select committee. Similar me-
morials have been often and elaborately reported
upon, and no claim can be better understood.
There can be no further inquiry for the considera-
tion of the committee except there be new mat-
ter; and that is, from the long time that has
elapsed, quite impossible. 1 hope it will not go to
a select committee, unless very strong and good
reasons are given for it.
Mr. SMITH. I will call the attention of the
Senate to the Journal of the first session of the
Twenty-ninth Congress. Oil pages 55 and 56 mem-
bers will find the record of the action of the Senate
on an occasion when there was a motion made, as
in this case, for a reference to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, which failed; and then there
was a motion for a reference to a select committee,
which prevailed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being two
motions "for reference, one to a standing and the
other to a select committee, the question will be
first on the reference to the.Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The question being taken on the reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and a divfsion
being called for, there were—ayes 18, noes 25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion to refer to a select committee.
The question being taken, it was agreed to; and
the memorials were referred to a select committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall this committee be appointed?
A Senator. The general course is to appoint
by ballot.
Mr. BRADBCJRY. I move that the election of
the committee be made the special order of the
day for one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion to postpone the election till to-m'or-
row was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I present two or three other
memorials of a similar kind, which I ask to have
referred to the same committee.
They were referred accordingly.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of.
Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Tom Corwin to Fort Atkinson; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. J. also presented a petition from citizens of
Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Tom Corwin to Lansing, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. «
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of John
Thomas, inventor of the floating dry-dock, asking
compensation for the use of his invention by the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of the
heirs of Thomas Fraser, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Edward Tracy and others, asking that the benefits
of the act of 11th August, 1848, for the relief of
John P. B. Gratiot and the legal representatives of
Henry Gratiot, may be extended to the lessees of
lead mines lying in the lands of the Ottawa and
other tribes of Indians; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mt. D. also presented the petition of citizens of
Iowa, for the establishment of a mail route from J
Eddyville to the seat of justice of Lucas county, j
in that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
FEES IN CIRCUIT COURTS.
Mr. BUTLER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys in the Circuit and District Courts of
the United States, and for other purposes.
This bill, said the honorable gentleman, is of
great public importance, to which I desire to ask
the attention of Senators. It is a bill to regulate
the fees to be allowed to marshals, clerks, and at-
torneys in the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States, and for other purposes. The ex-
tortions and abuses which induce the presentation
of the bill are beyond anything of which the Sen-
ate can conjecture. 1 ask that the bill may be
printed, so that Senators from every part of the
Union may aid the committee in regulating these
fees. *
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
FARMING OUT OF OFFICES.
Mr. SEWARD. In pursuance of previous no-
tice, I now ask leave to introduce a bill entitled
"An act to prevent the sale and farming out of
offices." I will barely state, in relation to this bill,
that it is taken from an English statute on the sub-
ject, and that, in the examination of it, I fourfd that
it appears to be entirely applicable in this country.
I will ask the reference of the bill to the Judiciary
Committee, and that it may be printed; and I will
send to the committee at the same time some pa-
pers relating to a case of a sale of an office, that
may give some information in regard to the true
extent of this evil.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and, with additional documents relating to
the same, referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce "A bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands, and for,
other purposes."
Mr. D. also gave notice of his intention to aslc
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of William
Darby.
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
hour of one o'clock having arrived, the special or-
der would be taken up.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the consideration
of the special order be postponed for one hour;
which was agreed to.
ELECTION OF A CHAPLAIN.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that we now proceed to
the consideration of the resolution which I pre-
sented a few days since, to provide for the election
of Chaplains.
The resolution was taken up and adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that we now go into the
election of a Chaplain.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi whether this is not a joint
resolution requiring the assent of the other House?
Mr. FOOTE. I can assure the Senator that it
| does not. I have consulted all the precedents and
conversed with more experienced Senators on the
subject, and I can assure the Senator that there is
no difficulty about it.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish the Senator would
withdraw the motion until reports have been re-
ceived from committees.
Mr. FOOTE. I would accept the suggestion of
my friend but for a particular reason. I am per-
emptorily compelled to be absent within ten min-
utes, and I wish to be present on the occasion of
the election of a Chaplain.
The motion to go into an election for Chaplain,
was then agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to ballot. On
the first ballot the whole number of votes cast was
fifty-eight; necessary to a choice thirty; of which
number
Rev. Mr. Slicer received 28
Mr. Butler 19
M r. Smith G
Mr. Mitchell 2
Mr. Hatch 1
Mr. Dewey  1
Mr. Nevin 1
Mr. Cushman  1
Mr. Parkman  1
Mr. Kerr   •  ^
5S
No person having received a majority of all the
votes cast, there was no election.
On the second ballot the whole number of votes
cast was fifty-height; necessary to a choice thirty;
of which number
Rev. Mr. Sheer received 
Mi+Butler.     .24
Mr. Kerr  g
Mr. Dewey  £
Mr. Smith  
Mr. Hatch  1
58
