1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
"That all claims lo donations of land in the State of Ar-
kansas, winch have been adjudicated and allowed by the re-
gister and receiver of the pioper land district, in virtue ol the
nroviMons of Ihe eighth section of the act of Congress, ap-
proved on the twenty-fourth of May, one thousand eight
luin ired and twenty-eight, entitled £An act to aid the Mate
of Ohio in extending the Miami canal from Davton to .Lake
Erie, and to grant a quantity of land to said State, to aid in
the construction of canals authorized by law, and tor malt-
ing donations ot laud to certain persons in At Kansas tem-
tniy,' and or other subsequent acts ol Longrys on ihe-ame
subject, and which have not be™ located and patent-certifi-
cates issued therefor, or which, having heen so located, were
compelled to yield to other and prior rights, either in whole
or m pari, and not subsequently relocated within the period
fixed i)v law, may lie entered with Oio register of any one ot
the land offices 111 the State of Arkansas, at any time within
one year from the parage of this act, m the same manner
and under the tame restrictions and conditions as existed
prior to the twenty-fourth day of Mav, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-eight, the day la>t limited for the location
Of these Claims: Prowderf, That no such claim shall be so
located against which fraud has been or may he alleged,
until all objection thereto shall have been removed, to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of tlie General Land
Office."
Mr. SEBASTIAN remarked that the amend-
ment reported by the committee was a substitute
for the original bill as offered by himself, and would
attain the same object, and in a manner much
more to his liking than the original. He hoped,
therefore, the amendment would be adopted; and
it was then his intention to offer an amendment
embracing aseparate and independent class of cases
entirely different from the others. He would then
move to recommit the bill with the amendments to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING said it was far from his intention to
throw any obstacle in the way of the object which
the Senator desired; but the method proposed by
the Senator would effect nothing. If his intention
was to recommit the bill, he might offer his amend-
ment, and have the whole matter referred to the
Committee on PublicLands, embracing the various
objects which he desired; but the adoption of his
amendment would not change the character of the
bill in the slightest degree. He would, therefore,
suggest the propriety of offering the amendment
which the Senator has intimated, and then recom-
mit the bill with the amendment offered by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN accepted the suggestion of
the Senator from Alabama, and submitted the fol-
lowin<r amendment, to come in as additional sec-
tions "at the end of the amendment of the com-
mittee:
Be it enacted, That, after the expiration of one year from
the passage ot this act. all public lands lying u ilhin the Cytale
of Ai kansa-s, remaining unsold, and heretofore re-erved hom
sale on account ot any Spanish or French land-claim, which
inav have bf en at any time confirmed by the edicts of the
late Territory of Arkansas, shall he proclaimed and oiFned
for sale by the President of the United States, and subject
to bale in all respects as o:her public land--.
And, 6c it enactcd, £c., That until the expiration of one
y^ar from the passage ofthis act, any peison owruvgor claim-
ing any land located with any such Spanish or Fiench con-
firmation, and who is a purchaser thereof subsequent to
siK-h confirmation, fora valuableconsideiation in good taiili,
ot whfwo assignor, mediate or immediate, has puicha^eihn
good faith, or who, not being such owner or claimant, is in
the acuta! possession and cultivation of the same, or who,
not being an occupant, shall be owner of legal claim or title
where there is not an adverse possession, shall be en-
titled to a nght of preemption to such land; and such per-
son, or the legal lepre-entative of any such person, shall be
allowed to enter and purchase the tame at the minimum
p iee of the public lands, at any time within one year from
the pas-age or this act, in lejal subdivisions of not le^s than
forty acres, in the same manner as other preemptors: Pio-
vniedf Such person, so claiming such land, shall, before fie
is allowed to enter and p'li chase the same, make proof, to
the satisfaction of the proper land olticers ot the district
within which such land may be situated, of the facts re-
quired by this a/t to entitle such person to such right of pre-
emption and purchase, under such rules and regulations as
the Commissioner of the General Land Office shall pre-
scribe. -, .
Jlndbe it enacted, #c., That all laws and parts of laws in-
consistent with the provisions of this act shall be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the bill was
then recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the admission of California as a
State into the Union, to establish territorial gov-
ernments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment of her
western and northern boundaries; an account of
which wiil be published in the Appendix.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of Ex-ecutive business; and after some time thus
spent,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 17, 1850.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
Mr. BAYLY rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to enable him to submit the
following lesolution; which, at his request, was
read fo& information:
Resolved, That the bill making appropriation for the sup-
port of the Military Academy lor the year ending the 30ih
June, lt5l;
The bill making appropriations for the payment of revo-
lutionary and other pensions ot the United fctates lor the
year ending the 30th ot June, 1851;
The bill making appropriations tor the payment of navy
pensions for the year ending HUth June, 1851;
The bill making appropriations tor the current and con-
tingent expenses ol the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the Indian tribes, lor the year end-
ing the 3(.tli June, 1851;
The bill makmg appropriations for certain fortifications
for the veru i nding 30ih June, 1£51;
The bill making appropriations for the service of the Post
Ofiice Department for the year ending 30th June, 1851;
The bill making appropriations tor the naval service for
the year ending 30th ot June, 1851;
The bill making appiopnatiotis lor the support of the aimy
for the >eai ending JUlh of June, 18.31; and *
The bill making appropriation forthe civil and diplomatic
expense ot the Government lor the year ending liOth ot June,
leol;—|,e made the special order of ihe day lor Monday, June
2-1 til, ai 1 o'clock, p. m.,' t<> be considered in the oider named
above, and that they continue to be the special order ot the '
da\ at the same hour ot the day lor every day tiiereafter,
fiida\s and Satuidays excepted, till said bills shall have
been finally disposed ot.
Mr. BURT desired to make an inquiry. He
asked whether such of these bills as are in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
could not be taken up at any moment at the pleas-
ure of the committee?
The CHAIR said, they could not be taken up
in Committee of the Whole on the s&te of the
Union, without a previous notice to lay aside the
question now pending before that committee.
Objection being made by Mr. Burt to the intro-
duction of the resolution—
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules, in or-
der to enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. WHITE submitted, that it was not in order
to take any a<"tton in relation to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, embraced m the list of
bills named m the lesolution, asit had notyetbeen
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ASHMUiN rose and stated, that he had not
distinctly heard the resolution. He desired to
know whether the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill was included in the resolution.
The CHAIR. That bill is included.
Mr. ASHMUN. The civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill has not yet been repoited by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BAYLY replied, that he should be ready to
report it whenever the committee should have
another meeting.
Mr. BURT insisted that it was not in order to
make such an order in relation to a bill which had
not yet been reported.
Mr. WHITE. That is precisely the point of
order I made.
The CHAIR. The question is on the motion
to suspend therules. The lesolution will be again
reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BAYLY. Allow me to suggest, that if the
rules are suspended, I will then strike out the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, which may
be made a special oi tier alter it is reported.
The CHAIR. The resolution is modified by
striking out the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MOORE. Should the rules be suspended,
wi;l it be in order to move to amend the resolu-
tion ?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWOR1TI. If this resolution should
be adopted, will it give the bills named in it prece-
dence over the bill now under consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
provided that bill shall be still pending?
The CHAIR replied, that as the special or-
der, these bills wouid be entitled to a preference.
Mr. WENTYVORTH. Then I cannot vote
for it, or any that will take precedence of the Cal-
ifornia bill.
Mr. BAYLY called for the yeas and "nays;
which were oidered, and the question, "Shall the
i ules be suspended?" was taken, and decided m the
negative—yeas 114, nays 67; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Ashmun, Bay,
Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Dimnnck, Dixon, Duncan, Ed-
inuridson, JVa.han Evans, Ewmg, Fitch, Fowlei, Fieedley,
Fullei, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Gieen, Ilullowsiy, Hamilton,
Hampton, Isham G. Harris, Hav, Ilaj mond, Helmid, H  rirv,
Hihbard, Hihiaid, Hougland, Howaid, J. W. Jackson, W.
T. Jackson, Jones, Kamman, Kerr, D. P. King, Genrge G.
King, J. p. King, John A. King, La Sere, Leffier, J. Mann,
Mason, Matteson, M<'Cletnand, McDonald, McDowell,
McLanahan, R. M. McLane, Finis K. McLean, McMullen,
Meacham, M lle , Millson} Moore, Morehtari, Morton, Nel-
son, Ne«, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Pea&lee, Pitman, .Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Robbins, Robinson,
Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Schei merhorn, Silvester, Spaulding,
Stanly, It. H. Stanton, Strong, Taj lor, James Thompson,
W. Thompson, Hiurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Waldo,
Watkuis, White, Wildnck, Williams, Wilson, Wmthrop,
and Young—114.
NAV^—Messrs. Allen. A-he, Bingham, Bocock, Booth,
Bowdon, A. G. Brown, Bnel, Hurt, Caitter, Clingman, W.
R. W. Cobb, Coi win, Dtsi.ey, Doty, Dunham, Feaihcrston,
Gorman, Hall, T. L. Harri-, Holladav, Ilowe, Huhb.ird,
Hunter, Inac, R. W. Johnson. Julian, Pre-ton King. Little-
field, Marshall, McGaudiey, iUcKissoek,M( Queen, Meade,
Morris, Mo/se, Ogle, Olds, Oir,Peck, Pouei,Powell, llx>t,
Rumsey, S. ckett,"Savage, Sawtelle, Sehoolcmlt, Scddon,
F. P. Stanton, Alexander H.Stephens, T. Stevens,Stetson,
Sweeter, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,Toombs, Tuck, Yen-
able, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentwoith, Whittlesey,
Wihnot, and Wood—67.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. CALVIN, who was out of his seat at the
moment his name was calle'd, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to record his vote.
Objection was made.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
giving notice that, if objection was made, he should
move a suspension of the rules.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Revolted, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That the
Speaker oi tht> House ami the President ot the Seriate bii g
the piesent session ot Connects to a close, by an adjourn-
ment of their respective House, on Mondaj, the ls2ih day of
August next, at the hour of twelve o'clock meridian.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired of the Chair
whether this was resolution or petition day?
The SPEAKER. It is petition day.
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, to enable him to offer the
resolution.
Mr. JONES and other members asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
ed r1' was then taken, and decided m the nega-
tive—yeas 81, nays JIG; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albeibon, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Bocock, Bo\vdon,A. G Brown,
Bmt, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caltiw< II, Chngman, W. R.
: W. Cobb, Daniel, Drberiy, Duncan, Dunham, Edniuudson,
i Ewiny, Featherston, Fitch.Giddmas,G-.lmoie,Green, Ham-
ilton, Haialson, Ishain G. Hams, Hilhard, Hoagland, Holla-
day, How aid, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Jam*s L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere,
Letfter, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McDonald, McDowell,
jMcGaughey, McLauahan, Finis E. McLean, McMullen,
McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Miller, Millson, Moreheml,
Morris, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Rob-
inson, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Fredern k P. Stanton, Alex-
ander 11. Stephens, Thomas., Jacob Thompson, Tuombs,
Van D}ke, Venable, Wailace, Waikins, Wellborn, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—Si.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashmun, Beale, Bennett,
Bingham, Bisbell, Bokee, Bouth, Bowie, Bowhn, Boyd,
Breck, Bnggs Brooks, Bud, Burrow*, Chester Butler,
Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Canter, Casey,
Chandler, Claikt, Cole, Conaer, Comatl, Corwin, Cmwell,
Uiekey, Dimmick, Disnny, Dixon, Dory, Durkee, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Fmdley, Fuller, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
GrinneH, Hall, Iiallow-iy, Hampton, Thomas L. Hams,
Hay, H.t\mond, Uebard, Henry, Ilibbard, Howe, Hunter,
William T. Jac kson, Julian, Keir, Daniel P. ICina, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Pieston King, Lit-
tleficld, Hoiace .Mann. Mattrson, MtCleruand, McKissock,
Meacham, Moote, Moiton, Nelson, Nes, Ogle, Olds, Otis,
Paiker. Pea^lee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds,
RiMey, Robbins, Rockwell, Ro>e, Rurmey, Sackm, Saw-
telle, Schermerhorn, Schoolcratt, Silvester, Spauldme,
Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Sweetser, Tavior, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Thurman,Tuck, Undeihill, \ irnon, Walden, Waldo, VV'ent-
worth, White, Whittlesev, Wildnck, Wihnot, Wilson,
Wmthrop, Wood, and Young—116.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended—
And the resolution was not received.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. NELSON asked the unanimous consent to
offer a resolution, providing that the daily hour of
