130,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 10, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. RICHARDSON rose and said, that he had
agreed to pair off with Mr. Thompson of Ken-
tucky; when his (Mr. R.'s) name was called, he
should therefore decline to vote.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that there
be a call of the House*, and on that motion he
asked the yeas and nays; which wefe ordered, and
being taken, were—yeas 99, nays 91.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. BINGHAM rose and said: I desire to state
that, in nominating Mr. French as a candidate for
the Clerkship of this House, I acted without any
communication with that gentleman, without his
knowledge, and entirely on my own responsi-
bility.
The Clerk was then $bout to call the roll,
when—
Mr. JONES moved that the proceedings on the
call be dispensed with. There was no Sergeant-
at-arms, he said, to send after the absent members;
the gentleman who held over in that office also
holding an office at the other end of the^venue.
Mr. STEPHEN'S was understood to say, he
hoped proceedings on the call would not be sus-
pended until it had been ascertained what members
were absent.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, and it was decided in the negative
without a division.
So the House decided that proceedings on the
call should not be dispensed with.
The roll wag then Q&lled, and the Speaker an-
nounced that 214 members had answered to their
names.
Mr. STEPHENS said, that as the main object
which he had in view, in moving a call of the
House, had been accomplished, he would move
that all further proceedings on the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. SCHENCIC asked the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered, and being taken,
were—yeas 133, nays 71.
&o further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with.
Before the vote was announced—
Mr. BISSELL rose and asked leave to rccord
his vote. He had (h% said) been called out of the
House on business'for a few moments, and there-
fore was not within the bar when his name was
called.
Objections having been made, Mr. B. did not
vote.
ENGRAVING.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on En-
graving, (which committee has power to report at
all times,) reported the following resolution, which
was read:
Resolved, That the Committor on Engraving be directed
tocontiacf for the engraving of four maps accompanying
Foster and Whitney's Gtological Report;
Six maps accompanying C. T. Jackson's Geological Re-
port ;
Two drawings accompanying J. W. Foster's Geological
Report;
Ten maps accompanying the linear survey of the North-
ern Peninsula of Michigan;
Ten views accompanying the Geological Report of David
Dale Owen;
Ten maps accompanying the Report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office;
Eleven drawings- accompanying the Report of the Colonel
of Ordnance;
O.io map accompanying the Report of the Topographical
Engineer—to accompany The usual and extra copie> of the
Pi fts-idunt's Message, oideied to be printed by the House.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he
should feel constrained to object until an estimate
had been made of the cost.
Mr. HAMMOND was willing (he said) thatthe
report should lie on the table for the present.
And, after a few words on a point of order, it
was ordered accordingly.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER said the gentlemen appointed
as tellers would resume their seats at the Clerk's
table.
Mr. WHITE, on his own motion, was excused
from further service as a teller.
Mr. CONGER was appointed in his stead.
Messrs. Thompson of Pennsylvania, Crqwell
of Ohio, Haralson of Georgia, and Conger of
New York, took their seats at the Clerk's table m
tellers to count the votes.
The roll was called the fifteenth time. The tel-
lers reported that 215votes had been given in;
necessary to a choice 108; of which
Mr. J. W. Forney received 102
Mr. S. Foot,.. - - .103
Mr. C. W. Phileo   4
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke    3
Mr. B. B. French  3
215
The following is the vote in detail;
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd,
Albert J. Biown, William J. Brown, Buel. Burt, Joseph
Cable,George A.Caldwell,Carter, Cleveland, flow ell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coleock,l)immick, Disney, Doty,
Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller,
Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Gieen, Hackett, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, IlaraNou, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Jlarns, T. L. IJairis, Hibbard, Hoaglami, Holliday, Iloward,
Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, JLa Sere, LelHor,Littiefield, Job Mann,
Mn-=on, McClernflnd, McDonald, McDowell, R. M. McLane,
MeLanahan, McMullen. McQueen, MeWillie, Meade, Mil-
Jei. Morns, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps
Potter, Powell, Robbins, Robinson, Ro^s Savage, Sawtelle,
Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard fit. Stanton, Stetson,
Strong, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, Jas. Thompson, Wil-
liam Thompson, Venable. Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Well-
bom, Whittlesey, Wood* Woodwa.d, and Young.
For Mi. Foot—Mes>rs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennet, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, C. Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C. Ca-
bell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Clinsrman,
Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Crowe)!, Dickey, Dixoti,
Duer.Duncan, A.Evans, N.Evans, Fowler, Freedley,Gentry,
Giddmgs, Goodonow, Gott, Gould, Grimiell, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebaid, Henry, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Dame! P. Kina.George G.
Km?, James G, King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Mar-
shall, Matteson, MeGaughey, McKissoek, F. E. McLean,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Pntnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Rij.|ev, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schenck, Schermerhorri, Schoolcraft, Shepperd", Silvester,
Spalding, Sprague, A. II. Stephens, T. Stevens, Taylor,
Thnrman, Toombs Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Watkms,
White. Wilianit, WiKon, and Winthiop
For Mr. French—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, and Harlan.
For Mr. Claike—Messrs. J. P. Caldwell, Deberry, and
Hilliard,
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Dnrkec, Julian, P. King, and
Wilmot.
No choice.
Mr. HARALSON, on his own motion, was
excused from further service as a teller.
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, was appointed in hi3
stead.
WITHDRAWAL OF MR. FOOT.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and said, that he had the
other day presented the name of Solomon Foot,
of Vermont, as a candidate for the Clerkship. He
(Mr. S.) desired to say, that he did so not only
without the consent of Mr. Foot, (who was ac-
cidentally in the eity on other business,) but in
opposition to the request of that gentleman that he
(Mr. S.) would not do so. That gentleman was
not, and never had been, in any way a candidate
on his own account. He (Mr. >S.) believed, how-
ever, as did many other friends who had served
with Mr. Foot in this House, and who knew his
high personal character, that he possessed such
undoubted qualifications as would commend him
to ail who knew him, or who were willing to be in-
formed of his capacity for the discharge of the
duties of the office. He (Mr. S.) had supposed,
too, that a sufficient, number of votes might proba-
bly be united on this gentleman to constitute a ma-
jonty, and that thus the House might be relieved !
from the difficulty in which it was involved. He I
was satisfied, however, that this could not be done. j
He had hoped and believed, if it had been done, I
that Mr. Foot might have been induced to serve, j
although he had declined. Satisfied that the re- :
suit contemplated by him (Mr. S.) could not be |
attained, he would now, at the earnest request of !
Mr. Foot, and the course commending itself to :
his (Mr. S.'s) own judgment, withdraw the name
of that gentleman.
So the name of Mr. Foot was withdrawn.
NOMINATIONS.
Mr. KING? of New Jersey, ro*e and said, that
under the circumstances of the withdrawal of the !
name of Mr. Foot he (Mr. K.) desired to pre- ,
sent the name of Philander B. Prindle, of New :
York—a gentleman who, to his (Mr. K.'s)own
knowledge, was well calculated, by his qualifica- jj
tions and experience, to discharge the duties of the ij
office. II
Mr. PITMAN rose', and nominated George B,
Fisher, of Delaware.
RE-NOMINATION OF MR. CAMPBELL*
Mr. WILLI A MS rose, and re-nominated Thomas
Jefferson Campbell, Clerk of the late House of
Representatives.
The roll was then again called—being the six-
teenth time. The tellers reported that 216 votes
had been givem in; necessary to a choice, 109; of
which
Mr. Forney received.. 96
Mr. Prindle, 63
Mr. Campbell 32v
Mr. French ii
Mr. Fisher...  7
Mr. Phileo*   4
Mr. Foot,       ► . 2
Mr. John Smith  1
216*
The following is the vote in detail: *
For John W. Foinev—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averetf?
Bay, Bavly, BeaJe,Bisse!l, Bocork, Booth, Bowdon, Bowliu,
Boyd, Albeit G Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, George
A. Caldwell, Cleveland, W. K. W. Cobb, Howell Cobb, Col-
cock, Uimrmck, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edmund--on,-Ew-
in<r, Feathers-ton, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, GiJmore, Gorman,
Green, Ilacke.tt, Hall, Hamilton, Hawimond, Haralson, I. G,
Harris Sampson W. il-irns., Thomas L. Harris, Xiibbard,
Hoagland, Holliday, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew
Johnson, R. W. Jobiif-on, Jones, Kaufman, La S6re, Lit-
tlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McCIcrnand, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan, R. M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, MeWilhe,
Meade, Miller, Moise, Old's Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peckj.
Phelps Potter, Powell, Rohbms, Robinson, Ross, Savage,
Sawtelle. Seddou, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson?
Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, J^eob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Wellborn, Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. P. B. Prindle—Messrs. Alexander, Andrew r
Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bnggs Brooks, Burrows, Cbeste
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Chandler, Clark, Cole
Conger, Corwm, Crowell, Dickey, I)i\on, Buer, Duncan*
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Giddmgs, Gott, GoulVF, Gnnnel?,
Halloway, Hampton, Hav, Hunter, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaugh-
ey, McKisssock, Meacham, Nelson, Newell, Phcenix, Pu-
nam, Reynolds, Risloy, RockweHr Rose, Rnmsey, Saeke ,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester," Spalding,-
Sprague/I'haddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thurman^Tuck, Un-
derlain Vinton, White, and WiUon.
FoY T. J. Campbell—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashmurty
Bowie; Breck, E. C. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Clingman, Con-
rad, Deberry, Freedley, Gentiy, Haymond, Henry, Hilliard,
Howe, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, Marshall.,
F. E. McLean, Morehead, Morton, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Shepperd, Alexander li. Stephens, Toombs, Watkins, Wil-
liams, and Wmthrop,
For Mr. Foot—Messrs. Alien and Hebard.
For Mr. French—Messrs. Bingham, VV. J. Brown, Camp-
bell, Carter, Hai Jan, LetHer, McDonald, Morris, Root, Whit-
tlesey, and Wood.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, Preston King,
and Wilmot.
For Mr. Fisher—Messrs. Goodeuow, Houston, Moore,
Pitman, Reed, Casey, and A. Evans.
For Mr. John Smuh—Mr. Ogle.
No choice.
Mr. BAKER m'oved that further action on the
order of the House, in relation to the election of a
Clerk and other officers, be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. HOLMES moved that that motion be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to lay on
the table a motion to postpone was not in order.
Mr. THOMPSON,, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
point of order. A motion to rescind the order of
the House had been decided out of order. A mo-
tion to postpone indefinitely was m effect a re-
cision. Now, he submitted that the House could
not do indirectly that which it could not da di-
rectly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
a motion to postpone to a day certain, or a motion
to postpone indefinitely, is in oider; and the Chair
has so ruled.
Mr. HOLMES. Is the question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. THOMPSON. I believe I shall take ar>
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER stated the point of order, and
his decision thereon. The question before the
House (he added) was, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative—
The decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Baker, to postpone indefinitely the further
execution of the order of the House concerning the
election of officers—
