1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
tl No standing rule or order of the House shall be rescinded
or changed, withouume day's notice be given of the motion
therefor."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House his opinion on the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Georgia. If this resolu-
tion was introduced os resolution-day, when the
States were called for resolutions, the Chair would
unhes.tadngly rule H out of order; it is not now
proposed as the regular order of business on reso-
lution day, but it is proposed to suspend the rules
of the House, in order to introduce it. The Chair
holds that you may repeal any rule of the House
under a suspension of the rules, you may suspend
the operation of the rules of the House under a
suspension of the rules; and, therefore, a motion
to suspend the rules, to offer a resolution of this
kind, in the opinion of the Chair, is m order,
though such a resolution on resolution day would
be very clearly out of order.
The Chair will illustrate: If a motion is made
to amend one of the rules of the House, the rule
referred to by the gentleman from Georgia would
require that the motion should lie over one day;
but that rule can be suspended by a vote of two-
thirds a3 welt as any other rule, and ali the rules
of the House conflicting with the resolution pro-
posed to be introduced, can by a vote of two-
thirds be suspended. in taking this view of the
subject, the Chair will state, that he has bestowed
much reflection upon this point, it having been
suggested to him at an early stage of the session;
and he is cleaily of the opinion that such a resolu-
tion would not be in order on resolution day, be-
cause a majority of the House cannot suspend the
rules of the House on resolution day, or aay other
day; but two thirds of the House can suspend the
rules at any time when a motion to suspend is in
order.
Mr. VlNTON. It is very evident that we shall
Bpend all this day in debating points of order, i
move that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. VINTON withdrew the motion.
Mr. WALLACE renewed it.
Mr. MOORE renewed the call for the yeas and
nays, but withdrew it.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 80, noes 96.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Wentworxh, to suspend the rules.
Mr. McLANE rose and said he desired to pro-
pound an inquiry i& the Chair. , He Gesired to
know whether, under parliamentary law, m the
absence of Lhis lule, the House would have any
power to instruct the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, that when that state of
facts arose, the Chair , would be prepared to de-
cide the point of order. The gentleman from
Maryland would see the impropriety of the Chair
responding to questions of order, which weienot
before the House.
Mr. McLANE said he would take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, in oider to Uiaw
the attention of the Chair and of the House to the
point which he made, and which, without an ap-
peal, he couid not submit to the Chair.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Is the appeal deba-
table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair indulged debate
on the previous appeal, and he is disposed to do
so on this.
Mr. INGE asked what the decision of the Chair
was.
The CHAIR stated, in reply, that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] had moved
a suspension of the luies to enable him to ofFei u
resolution, being precisely the same resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from Wisconsin, as an
amendment to the motion of the gentleman from
New York, which was ruled out of order by the
Chair as an amendment; the Chair now entertained
the motion for the suspension of the rules to intro-
duce this resolution, as he held that the rulescouid
be suspended by a vote of two-thirds to enteitaina
motion which was not m order.
Mr. iNGhl. Is the motion to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union pend-
ing ?
The SPEAKER. It is withdrawn.
Mr. McLANE. When the gentleman from
Wisconsin announced his intention to offer this
resolution, I was somewhat inclined to yield my
opinion, and adopt one similar to that of the Chair,
until my attention was called to the 136th rule,
under which the gentleman from Wisconsin pro-
fessed to have made that motion; but upon exam-
ination of that rule, I at once came to the conclu-
sion which is the conclusion of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] 1 make the point,
that if the House were without any rules at all, but
were acting under parliamentary law, we would
not have the power to mstrucL the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to report
a bill; and the only power which the House has
being fixed by the rule, I submit that this is not a
question of suspending the rule, but of rescind-
ing it.
Mr. TOOMB^was understood to say that he
was satisfied with the decision of the Chair as far
as it went.
Mr. IjNGE suggested to his friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. McLane,] that the decision of the
Chair was correct, and that upon the motion to
suspend the ruies they could not raise the ques-
tion of the admissibility of the resolution, but
not until after the rules should have oeen sus-
pended, and the gentleman from Illinois should
attempt to bring the resolution before the House.
Mr. McLANE. This is a proposition nomi-
nally to suspend the rules, but i submit it is in
effect a motion to rescind the rule, because this
very motion to instruct the committee to report,
and to close debate, cannot be made, unless by the
positive power of the ruies, and it is sought so to
alter the ruies as to give that power.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether it is not
in order to move to suspend the rules of the
House? His colleague [Mr. Wentworth] had
made that motion; when that should have been
acted upon, other questions could be made.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man's colleague is not a mere motion to suspend
the ruies, but a motion to suspend the rules for
specific purposes, to enable thegentleman to intro-
duce a lesoluuon, and the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. McLane,] raises the point of order,
that the Chair cannot entertain that motion, which
point of order was overruled by the Chair; from
that decision the gentleman from Maryland takes
an appeal, and the question is, shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane,] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. McLANE. I shall not occupy the time of
House any longer than is necessary lor the Chair
and for the House to apprehend the point of order
which 1 make. I have no disposition to debate;
and 1 am the moie impressed with the propriety
of fairly stating it, that the House may apprehend
it, from the very manifest misapprehension of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand.]
Now, if the proposition had been simply a propo-
sition to suspend the rules, i never would have
made any objection; but the proposition is to sus-
pend the rules in order to submit a certain resolu-
tion; and the point i make is, that the resolution
rescinds the rule, not suspends it, or the thing to be'
done cannot be done by the general pailiamentary
law. When the rules are suspended, the parlia-
mentary Jaw is in force, and therefore, tms resol-
ution is in itself of force as a rule if of any force at
law; and a rule cannot be altered or changed, ex-
cept upon one day's' notice, though it and all rules
may be suspended, in a word, the point made is,
that this resolution is in itself, a change of the rules
and not a suspension of the rules: tne last can be
done at any time by two-thirds, the first can never
be done without one day's notice.
Mr. ROO r moved to lay the appeal on the table.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question recurring on the motion to sus-
pend the rules,
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question, "Shall the rules of the House be
suspended?" was then taken and decided m the
negative—yeas 121, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Albertson, Alexander, Alien, Andrews,
A>hinuii, Burnett, Bingham, Bi-mII, BoKte, Booth, Rrijrgs,
Brooks., But;!, Burrows, Cheater .Bull* r, T. B.iUititr, Jo.-  pli
Cable, Calvin, (Jarttcr. C-iocy, Chandler, Ciarke, CuJe, Con-
ger, Corwm, Crovvell, Dually, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Durkee, N. Evans, i?itcli, Fowler, Freediey, Fuller,
Giddings, Gilmore, Gorman,Gott,Goutd, Grmnell, Halloway,
Hampton, Harlan, T. L. Harris, Hay, Ilaymond, ilebard,
Henry, HibLtard, Hoagland, Houston, Howe, Hunter, VV, T.
Jackson, Juhun, Daniel P. King, Geoi^e G. King, James G.
King, J. A. King, Pre ton King"^ Letfh:r, Liuictield, Horace
jViann, J. Mann, Matte^on,McDonald, iVicKiesock, McLan-
ahan, iVieacham, Moore, Morris, Welson, Ogle, OiUs, Oil*,
Pea.slet, Peek. Phccmx, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Rislej>, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Ro&e,
YVniU', Whittlesey, Wildnck, VVihnot, Wilson, Wiuuirou,
and W ood—IsH.
NAi S—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay,Bajly, Beale,
Bouoyk, Bovvdon, Bowie, Bowiio, Boyd, Albert G. Blown,
Burt, E. u. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, Cluiguian, W. R. W.
Cobb, CoJeoek, Conrad, Darnel, Doberry, Dunmiek, Ed-
inundson, lowing, Featneiston, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Har-
alson, Isliaui G. ilairis, S. YV.liariis, iiilhaiu, Holiaday,
Howard, iJubbaid, luge, J. W. Jackson, A. Johnsun, R. VV.
Johnson, Jones, Kauiman, Kt-rr, Latere, Mcch-rnand,
Robeit M. McLane, F. E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen,
MeWillte, Meade, Miller, Ajillson, Morelieud, moise, AJor-
um, Orr, Outlaw, Pat km, A'owcli, Ronbina, Ros>-, Savage,
Seduon, Sbepperd, F. P. Stanton, R. 11. Stanton, A. H.
Stephens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Venable,
Wallace, Walking Wellborn, Williams, Woodward, and
Young—77.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
On motion by Mr. MEA.DE, the Committee on
the Judiciary were discharged from the fuither
consideiation of a memorial, and it was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
And then the House adjourned until eleven
o'clock, to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Nathan
P. Hoi ton, Joseph Nightvviue, and *<5 t. there, citizens of
Hopewell, Bedtoul county, Ponn^lvaiua, selling loan ilmt
Uie business ot the inanuiaciure oi iron, in Uiat vicinity, is
in a depressed and sutleiing condition, allecung uijuuously
the prices ol ugncultuial piuducuons, and of labor, in con-
sequence oi tiic very iaige nnpo:tauon ot loreign iron duung
the past) ear; and playing tout the duties on foreign nou
may be m> nioduied a  to prevent sudden and enormous liu-
poits ot'a loreign article.
By Mr. JOHN ,i. KING: The memorial of the New
Yoik Agricultural Society I'or the introduction ol agricul-
tural implements ami aeeiis tiom abioad.
By Mr. UNDKRHiLL : Tne petition of 158 citizens of
GeoigetoWii, D. U., in lavor ot a umlorai rate ot two cents
postage, prepaid.
By Mi. HARRIS, of Illinois : The memorial of Julius
Ehiiuie, of Cass county, Stephen Snort, ot Morgan county,
and Jan.es Golds'.y, ot Menard county, volunteers in u>e
war of 1812, and 2oe> otiieia, soldiers m said vvai, arid citi-
zens of &ai<l counties, pruning Congiess to grant rUiei to
the volunteers ot said war, feo as to put them on an equality
with the soldiers ol other wars ot the United States.
Also, the memoiial oi D. Huey, ot Morgan county, Isaac
Epiei, nt Cass county, Elijah Taylor, ol Muuru county,
John Dorrell, ol Sangamon county, and 2>i7 other*, soldiers
and citizens ot said counties*, lor the same purpose.
AI?o, the menioiitd ot Daniel McAiee, ai.d 50 others,
citizens oi Morgan and Sangamon counties, lor the •same
pui pose.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Harris and 27 others, citi-
zen© ot Putnam county, Illinois, tor a po t route trum Hen-
nepin via Florida and Uah-doma, to Magnolia m sa:d state.
Abo, the petition ot Benjamin C. Tabor and 58 others,
citiicnsj ol Putnam county, Illinois, tor the same purpose.
By Mr. SEDDLKV : A petition in behalf of the medical
ofheets ot the navy of the United Suites, signed by many of
the physicians ot Richmond, Virginia.
By Mi. DOTY : Tne petition ol James Dens-more, Eli-
plialet Uoidou, Leonard P. Craiy and others, lor a mail
route trom CMik.jsh, by GroveJand, Hovvevillc, Mukwau,
and Liuie Woltnver, to Stevens's Point, on Wisconsin
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 18, 1850.
The Journal was read.
Mr. GORMAN rose to a correction of the
Journal. He said, if lie was correctly reported m
the Globe, lie was recorded as not having voted
upon the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClernand,] yesterday. He had voted.
He would like to see whether the record upon the
Journal corresponded with the report of the
Globe ?
After examination of the Journal by the Clerk,
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman irom
Indiana was not recorded as having voted on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. GORlvlAN. I voted in the affirmative.
No objection being made,
•The journal was conected by recording Mr.
G. 's vote. °
Mr. INGE. I am reported in the Globe as
having voted against the resolution of the gentle-
