1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
belief that a portion of the debt is due to the Gov-
ernment of Holland, that the petitioner makes
application here for relief. I shall not disagree
with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations [Mr. King] that we should not attach the
private property of subjects of Holland in order to
pay this debt, but I think it will be found that a
portion of it is due to the Government of that
country. At all events, it is a matter that should
be thoroughly investigated. This is the reason
why I propose to refer it to the Committee on Pi-
nance instead of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions; and I hope there will be no opposition to
that course, and that the subject will be fully ex-
amined.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and the question of printing to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On mption of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the claim of the represen-
tative of Wm. Kin<r, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That the papers oh file in the Senate relating to
the claim oi Thomas P. McBiair, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That the petition of Win. Emmons, administra-
tor of Uri Emmons, on the tiles of tile Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Patents.
SLAVERY.
The Senate then proceeded to the unfinished
business, being the resolutions from the General
Assembly of the State of Vermont, which were
presented on Wednesday last by Mr. Upham.
Mr. CHASE. It wasnotmypurpose, Mr. Pres-
ident, nor is it my purpose now, to go into any dis-
cussion upon this motion to print the resolutions
from the State ofVermont. If I understand the gen-
eral sentiments of Senators, there is a disposition
to acquiesce in the motion to print, with very few
dissenting voices. I rejoice, sir, for one, that the
precedent set in the case of Vermont some ten
years ago, is now to be reversed, and that the
memorials and resolutions of the States of this
Confederacy are to be received and taken in the
ordinary course, no matter what may be the sub-
ject of those memorials or resolutions. I should
be glad, sir, if I could state that there appeared to
be a similar disposition in regard not merely to the
memorials of sovereign States, but to the petitions
of the sovereign people. But I understand, sir,
that a practice prevails here—and I must be per-
mitted to say that, in my judgment, it is a prac-
tice "more honored in the breach than in the
observance"—when a petition from individuals is
presented, to move the question of reception upon
it, and to lay that question of reception upon the
table, I trust, sir, that that practice will also be
discontinued. For one, I accord entirely with the
Senators from South Carolina, when they say that
it is better, far better for the people of this country,
that they should understand distinctly what are
the sentiments of the respective States, and not
merely of the States, but of the people who make
the States, which compose this Confederacy. Let
it be understood .what the positions upon all sides
are; let us understand each other distinctly, and
then we shall have the best possible opportunity,
when the positions upon all sides are clearly and
distinctly understood, to compare those respective
positions, and if possible arrive at an amicable
solution of the difficulties that exist; but, sir, I
may be permitted to say, that in my judgment the
path to an amicable solution of the difficulty does
not lie through criminations and recriminations; it
does not lie through denunciations upon one side
and upon the other side; and I may be permitted
to suggest to my friend, the Senator from Arkan-
sas, whether anything is to be gained in a compar-
ison between the application of the terms " crime"
and "criminals" on the one side, and the applica-
tion of the epithets "robber" and "assassin" upon
the other ? Sir, we gain nothing in this way. Let
us define our positions with candor, with fairness,
with clearness, and with precision, and then, un-
derstanding each other, we shall be able to deter-
mine what course becomes us as Senators, and
what course it becomes the States as sovereignties
to pursue.
Mr. President, I may be permitted to say, and
I think it due to the State which I in part repre-
sent here to say, that no menace of disunion, no
resolves tending towards disunion, no intimations
of the probability of disunion, in any form, will
move us from the path which in our judgment it
is due to ourselves and the people whom we rep-
resent to pursue. Everything of that sort has
lost its terror; at least 1 trust it has. I trust that
no man hereafter is to be moved from the course
which in his judgment and his conscience it is
due to the State and the people whom he repre-
sents to pursue. I trust that no man is to be
moved from that deliberate course by any threat,
or by any resolve, from whatever quarter. I trust
we shall pursue a path of rectitude with entire re-
spect for all the people of all the States, and for
every State-of the whole.Union. ' But, having de-
termined upon what that path shall be, I trust
we shall not be deterred from pursuing it by any
intimidation of any kind, or of thi3 character par-
ticularly.
Mr. President, we have had it intimated in
this debate that the States of the South have had
some reason to complain of the course which
has been pursued. Now, sir, what is there in
our past history, or in our present history, which
justifies that complaint? Let it be calmly consid-
ered, deliberately considered, and then let me again
press the inquiry, what is there in our pastor pres-
ent history to justify that complaint? Have any
States of the South, Mr. President, lacked their
full proportion of all the honors of' this Confeder-
acy ? Have they not had their full proportion, at |
least, of all the power of this Confederacy ? Do ;
they not at this moment in this hall, and in ;
the other hall, exercise all the power, to say the
least of it, which to them legitimately belongs?
Why, sir, who presides in the other hall ? How
have your committees been constituted here?
Under what influence have they been constitu-
ted, and with what purpose have the committees
been constituted here? Have they not been so
constituted, Mr. President, as to meet the claims,
and the extremest claims, of the gentlemen who
represent the southern States of this Union? Has
it not been held here to be a disqualification's
chairman of a committee, that the distinguished
Senator, even of a slave State, should maintain,
what, in his judgment, was due to the people of
j the whole Confederacy in reference to this subject?
; And has it not been held also to be a disqualifica-
tion to other Senators that they maintain senti-
ments which are common to the people of their
entire States in reference to this question of sla-
very? Why, Mr. President, for my own part, I
may be permitted to say, that in political sentiment
I accord fully with that party which is known as
the free Democracy of the United States—a party
which is sometimes sectional, but which I trust
will not remain forever sectional, and whichjhad,
during the last canvass, if I may be permitted to
allude to it, not merely friends itx the non-slave-
holding States in this Union, but friends in many
of the slaveholding States also—not organizations,
but friends; and in some of the States organiza-
tions also.
-I will add further, sir, as it is known to be my
position, that I stand ready and willing to coop-
erate with that party which is known as the De-
mocracy of this country , whenever that party takes
such ground on the subject of slavery as accords
with the principles of the ordinance of 1787.
Well, sir, now letus compare the positions held
with reference to this very question, which is ex-
citing debate and attention here now. Do I un-
derstand the Senators of the South as saying that
they are prepared to act with the Democracy of
this country, if the Democracy of this country
take ground in favor of freedom ? Do they not
make it the test of their adherence to the party,
that the party'shall respect what in their judgment
are their legitimate claims? Most unquestionably
that test is made. Then, sir, is it not legitimate
that a Senator, holding just as strongly opinions
in favor of freedom as they hold in favor of slavery,
that he should require that the party which is to
command his cooperation and his suffrages should
take the ground which in his judgment he can
reconcile to his own conscience? If it be so, Mr.
President, in what position do we stand here ?
That tests may be made,up on one side, without
exclusion from the party's confidence and the
party's respect, but tests shall not be made on the
other side, but if made in favor of freedom they
shall be ground for such exclusion.
lat ,
Well, Mr. President, I refer to ihis matter sim-
ply as showing that there is nothing to complain
of, so far as this House, so far as the other House,
so far as present arrangements are concerned.
What can be complained of in the future ■ .What
is expected ? Why, sir, it is apprehended that the
Congress of the United States may adopt the prin-
ciples of the ordinance of 1787, and concurred in
by the unanimous assent of all the States repre-
sented in the Congress of the Confederation, in
their application, not to territory which was slave
territory, as the territory northwest of the river
Ohio claimed to be, but territory which is now
free. That is one of the grounds of apprehen-
sion. Another.ground of apprehension is, that the
Congress of the United States may determine in
their judgment that if is proper to apply the prin-
ciples of freedom; proper to apply the principles
of law to the question of slavery in the District of
Columbia; it is apprehended that the influence and
power of this Government may be placed upen the
side of freedom. Well, sir, what if it should be?
Was that not the precise object which was marked
out by the framers of the Constitution? Was
it not the precise object which was marked out by
those who concurred in establishing the ordinance
of 1787 ? But we are told that if that crisis arises,
it must be met by the South. The Senator from
South Carolina tells us he trusts, in the event that
Congress should adopt any measure of this sort,
that the Sojith will meet the crisis as it ought.
Well, sir, I must say that I concur in that hope.
And how, Mr. President, ought such a crisis to be
met ? Ought it to be met in a spirit of disunion,
or ought it to be met in the spirit which governed
the deliberations of those who framed the Constitu-
tion ? Ought it to be met in the spirit of those
who framed the ordinance of 1787:—that spirit
which was then universal in this country—the
spirit which animated the breast of every gentle-
man who had a seat in the Congress of the Con-
federation at that time.
Mr. President, I trust, for one—and it is all that
I have to say on this subject—that whenever this
crisis arises it will be met in the spirit of the fa-
thers of the republic; and if it be so met, rely upon
it, Mr. President, there'will be no cause for appre-
hension; but, on the contrary, the Union will be
cemented, and the example of this Union will be
made what the fathers of the republic designed it
should be made, an example of freedom to the na-
tions of the earth.
Mr. CLEMENS next addressed the Senate at
length. The report of his remarks will be found
in the Appendix.
Mr. HALE. I do not intend to occupy the
time of the Senate but briefly; but, as matters of a
private character will require my absence from the
Senate for a few days, I will say a few words in
reference to some of the remarks made by the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens.] If he
has done nothing else, he has at least, by his re-
marks, convinced me of one fact, arid that is, that
"concession never satisfies fanaticism." I wish
every Senator from every free State would take up
that remark as a text, and tell the timid, the doubt-
ing, and the wavering, at the North, that conces-
sion never satisfies fanaticism. I thank the Senator
for that. I hope the North will find it out. They
have felt it ever since the adoption of the Consti-
tution; but they do not seem to have practically
learned it, although they are beginning to do it.
There was another remark made by the Senator
which struck me as somewhat peculiar; and I
must say it gratified me. There are many timid
people at the North who have looked forward with
excited nerves and trembling fears at the "wreck of
matter and the crush of worlds," which they have
believed would be the result of the dissolution of
this Union. I think they will be exceedingly
quiet now, when they find out that it has already
taken place, and thev did not know it, [laughter,]
for the honorable Se'nator from Alabama tells us it
is already dissolved.
If it is not a matter too serious for a pleasant
illustration, let me give you one. Once m my life,
in the capacity of a justice of the peace-for I held
that office before I was a Senator, [laughter]—1
was called on to officiate in uniting a couple m
the'bonds of matrimony. They came up, and I
made short work of it. I asked the man if he
would take the woman whom he held by the hand
to be his wedded wife; he replied, " to be sure I
will; I came here to do that very thing.' 1 then
