1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
man from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand.] I voted
for the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is recorded
on the Journal as having voted against the resolu-
tion.
Mr. INGE. Then, I ask that the Journal be
corrected, and that my vote be recorded in the
affirmative
The SPEAKER said, if there be no objection,
the vote will be so recorded. The correction
would not change the result.
There was no objection.
Mr. PARKER said: In the Journal of Saturday,
on the motion made by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the private calendar, I am recorded as having voted
against the motion. I voted for it. I hope that
the Journal may be collected
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be so cor-
rected if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STRONG rose to a privileged question,
and made a report fiom the Committee on Elec-
tions, to which was referred the memorial of
Daniel P. Miller, praying to be admitted to the
seat occupied by Mr. William Thompson, as the
Representative from the First Congressional dis-
trict of the State of Iowa, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Resolved, That William Thompson is entitled to the seat
in this Uou.ee which he now occupies as the Representa-
tive fiom the Firat Congres.-ional district of Iowa.
Mr. S. moved that the further consideration of
the subject be postponed until Wednesday, the
26th instant.
Mr. VAN DYKE said that there were two re-
ports from the Committee on Elections, both of
which, he believed, claimed to be majority reports.
He simply asked that the report which he now
made be printed, and take the same direction as
had been given to the other.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired, in case the considera-
tion of the subject were postponed till to-morrow
week, if it could be called up at that time?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair was clearly of
the opinion, that it could be called upas a ques-
tion of privilege at that time.
The question was taken on the motions of
Messrs. Strong and Van Dyke, and decided in
the affirmative.
So the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until Wednesday, the 26ih instant.
THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, asked the unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill, of which he had
given previous notice, for the* purpose of referring
it to the Committee on Commerce.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
u A bill to provide for the lemoval of obstruc-
tions in the river Savannah, in the State of Geor-
gia, and for the improvement of the same."
No objection being made,
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
THE SURPLUS FUND.
Mr. CHANDLER rose and said, he would move
to reconsider the vote by which the House had
authorized the appointment of a select committee
of five members, to make certain inquiries in ref-
erence to the Secretaiy of the Treasury. The
House (said he) will bear in mind, that the state
of order at the time that resolution was offered
was such as rendered it exceedingly difficult for
members to asceitain the character of that resolu-
tion; and before it could be ascertained, the pre-
vious question was put. I am persuaded that if
members on the other side of the House will read
this resolution as it is printed in the papers of this
morning, (and I have no doubt it is printed cor-
rectly,) they will feel that, lP it is not an insult to
the Secretary of the Treasury, it is wanting m
proper respect to ourselves. I hope, therefore, it
may be reconsidered.
The resolution was read, as follows:
ResolveThat a special committee of five members of
thi< flou-e he, and the same are hereby appointed, with
power to examine and a>cert<un whHhei the Sccietary of
the Trea?ury has not u <jd or appiopriat^d a larsje amount
of money from the suipiin fund, without authority ol law,
which bad accumulated to said fund ond^r the provisions
of the act of Congress of'17V5, from appropriations made for
the Florida Indians, and for othei purposes, under various
specific appropriations made by Congress since 1830, and
that said committee have power to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. C: I wish merely to state, that the
character of the resolution is such as differs ma-
terially from those which have preceded it. It
is a charge of dishonesty on the Secretary of the
Treasury; a charge that he has " used and appro-
priated" a large amount, (whether for himself or
forothersis notstated.) 1 stand not here as the
advocate of the Secretary of the Treasury—though
a personal friend: but those who know him as 1
know him will believe him incapable of misusing
money, his own or others—wholly incapable ol
malappropriation. He of all men needs defence
the least; but I cannot allow such language to
proceed from this body without protesting against
its use, not less from self-respect and respect to
this House than fiom iegard to the character and
worth of the Secietary of the Treasury. The
character and temper of this resolution are such
as to convey to the woild the impression that we
believed the Secretary had done some open wrong.
1 do not and will not object to a resolution of in-
quiry; but to such an array of language 1 do ob-
ject, and 1 am sure I shall be sustained by a large
majority of this House: gentlemen on both sides
will sustain roy motion.
Mr. ASHE interposed to a point of order, and
asked what was the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion to leconstder the
vote by which the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio was adopted yesterday.
Mr. ASHE. Is that question debatable?
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. ASHE. Very well.
Mr. CHANDLER. I appeal to the good sense,
the proper feeling of the House on both sides, to
reconsider the resolution.
Mr. BWJEETbER, in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] said that the
infoimation upon winch he had offered this reso-
lution was from a veiy respectable souice. He
had no reason to doubt the truth of the chaiged
which it contained; he had moved the resolution
in good fauh, with the view of investigating those
charges; and in justice to the Secretary be would i
say, that the resolution related only to his official i
conduct, and had no reference whatever to his pri- j
vate character. 1
Mr. MORSE obtained the floor and yielded, at
request, to
Mr. CHANDLER, who said he did not wish
to suppress any inquiry in regaid to any officer:
he desned the iesolutlun to be leconsiderai that
its phraseology might be changed.
Mr. MORSE desired, through the Chair, to ask
the gentleman irom Onio, [Mr. Sweetser,] wheth-
er this charge, whatever might be its nature, was
made upon the gentleman's own responsibility?
He would yield the floor for a reply.
Mr. SWEETSER. It is not. It is made, asl
before stated, from information which 1 have re-
ceived.
Mr. MORSE. I desire to ask the gentleman if
that information is befpre the House?
Mr. SWEETSER. Tue object of this investi-
gation is to bung it before the House.
Mr. MORSE. Well, I am satisfied. I desired
meiely to make one or two remaiks, which I had
not the opportunity of making upon several reso-
lutions which have previously been introduced into
this body. I in vain essayed to get the floor upon
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] making chargfs against
the Secietary of the Interior; and I think now, as
I thought at that time, that this Hou;*e should put ;
the stamp of its reprobation upon this mode of 1
lending the anil of this body to peisons outside |
of these walls, for the purpose ot arraigning dif-
ferent officers of this Goveinment, and perpetia-
ting their slanders, it may be, upon meil who have j
been honoied by the Executive of this country j
with high official stations. j
1 desire to say to the gentleman from Ohio, as |
I do to the gentleman from Illinois, if a single j
member, a respectable member of this body—if j
any member, (i make no distinction,) will rise in
his seat and say that from his own knowledge he
has reason to believe that any officer of this Gov-
ernment has been guilty of dereliction of duty in
atjy manner, he shall have my vote to test and i
examine the charge; but without my having the j
means of knowing the character and standing of a
person who shall whisper in the ear of a member I
of this body, I will not—and I have been surprised
to see this House, on more occasions than one,
lending 
Mr. SWEETSER, (interposing and the floor
being yielded.) I will inform the gentleman that
this matter having been rumored, the Committee
of Ways and Means, through its organ, addressed
a letter making inquiry of the Secretary of that
Treasury, touching this very point. 1 am so ad-
vised; and 1 now call upon the chairman of the
committee to know whether that inquiry has not
been made by that committee, and whether, up to
this moment, the Secretary of the Treasury has
not been silent?
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, I take pleasure in
answering the inquiry of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. SwEETStR.] While the Committee of
Ways and Means had the Indian appropriation
bill before them, we were asked by the Adminis-
tiation to Inappropriate several sums of former
appropriation which had gone, under law, into the
surplus fund—in other words, had gone back into
the Treasury. We were informed by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] who is
not now in his seat, that he had learned that the
Administration had decided that they could use,
and that the Secretary of the Interior had drawn
from the Treasuiy, funds which had passed into
the surplus fund; and if such was the case, he saw
no necessity for our making reappropriation. We
did not believe it possible that any such decision
had been made; but to remove all doubt about it,
we authorized the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] to investigate the matter. He
wrote a letter to the Secretary of the Interior upon
the subject. Yesterday, when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] moved his resolution, re-
cognizing it as the same subject to which our at-
tention had been called, I asked the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] if his letter
had been answered; and he informed me thati't had
not. The letter was written some two months
ago—probably longer ago than that.
Mr. MORSE, (resuming.) With the particular
appropriation of this fund alluded to by the chair-
man of the Committee of Waysand Means, I have
nothing to do; but I have something to say in defence
of the character of this body, and of myself in par-
ticular as one of its members. I have uniformly
voted against the organization and appointment of
any such committee since I have been a member of
this body, with the exception of the committee to
examine ljito some charges against the Secretary of
War, which were made current through the news-
papers, and to investigate which that high function-
nary of this Government asked a committee of this
House. Ifeltitdueto that gentleman'to give him
this committee. Upon more occasions than one,
gentlemen have risen in their seats, and said that
they had heard rumors injuriously affecting the
characterand official acts of high officersof thisGov-
ernment, and have asked of this body a committee
to examine into the truth of such rumors, without
giving the names of the persons with whom they
originated, that the House might judge of their re-
spectability and standing. I have uniformly voted
against authorizing the appointment of such com-
mittees on such grounds. It is a matter of great
surprise to me, how a vote of this kind should
have passed this body; thus, upon information re-
ceived by an individual member, and which he
keeps secret from the other members, bringing
the strong arm of this Government to bear against
high officers of this Government.
Now, I desire, in order that my motives may
not be misunderstood, to say, that I utterly repudi-
ate this pai t.cular course of constituting this body
into a grand-jury of inquest upon the morals and
habits of the officers of this Government, acting
upon information received through a single mem-
ber and unknown to the rest of the House. The
very fact that a committee of that kind has been
raised—the very fact that a body of two hundred
and thirty members have so far endorsed the charge
as to appoint a committee to investigate it—leaves
more or less of stain upon the fair fame of any gen-
tleman. 1 am not a particular or a political friend
of the Secretary of the Tieasury; 1 am not person-
ally acquainted with him; but 1 ha\e some regard
for the character of those gentlemen who have
been honored with these high places as the officers
of my country, and I feel every imputation made
against their fair fame as an imputation against
the fair fame of my country. I hope the House
