1U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
put the question to the lady whether she would
have the man for her husband. And when she
answered in the affirmative, I told thera they
were man and wife then. She looked up With
apparent astonishment, and inquired, "Is that
all?" "Yes," said I, "that is all." « Well,"
said she, " it is not such a mighty affair as I ex-
pected it to be, after all." [Laughter.] If this
Union is already dissolved, it has produced less
commotion in the act than I expected.
The honorable Senator says that he speaks for
' the whole South. I remember once hearing a
Senator say on this floor that there was not any-
body here who had a right to speak for the whole
South. It is a pretty large section of country, com-
prising fifteen States, and he would not recognize
the right of any one man to speak for fifteen States.
I do not claim the right to speak for the whole
North, or any considerable part of it—only for a
very small portion of it—but it lies a good ways
north.
And I want to say a word with regard to a re-
mark which fell from the lips of the honorable
Senator which I have often heard before, but have
never taken the trouble to answer here; and I
would not attempt to answer it now for any effect
it might have at home, but sitting in silence here
and permitting this remark to pass unanswered
and unnoticed, it may be supposed that there is
some justice in it.
The honorable Senator spoke of the mechanical
population, the operatives in the factories of the
northern States, as slaves; and it is not a new re-
mark here. I have heard it in private conversa-
tions, and I have been very kindly told by indi-
viduals who professed to have, and had no doubt
a real and earnest desire to give me instruction on
the subject, that our factory population would not
bear a comparison, not only in the amount of phys-
ical and animal comfort they enjoyed, but in in-
telligence and good breeding, with their southern
slaves. I have had that information given me by
gentlemen, members of this body, in private con-
versation, and remarks of that character are so
frequently made that it c'ertainly becomes me, liv-
ing in one of the villages composed of this popula-
tion thus denounced and vilified, to say a single
word, not in vindication, but in illustration of the
character and position of that much misunderstood
and misrepresented class of our population.
And, sir, my honorable colleague sitting on the
other side of the Chamber, [Mr. Norris,] lived in
a village thus constituted, and now resides m one
of the largest and most flourishing villages in New
England; and if I misrepresent their character for
intelligence and integrity in any respect, 1 wish
him to rise in his place and set the Senate right.
The village in which 1 live has about a thousand
female operatives employed in manufacturing es-
tablishments. In that village there is, as in many
other of those villages, banks for savings, and the
amounts deposited there excecd $300,000; and I
think I will be justified in saying that more than
one-half of the whole sum is deposited by these
very " slaves" as they are called. And who tire
they? They are, in a great measure, composed of
the daughters of persons living remote from the
places where the factories are located; and when
poverty or disease, or death or misfortune, in any
shape, visits the homesteads of these families;
when palsy seizes upon the fiame of the aged pa-
rents, or calamity in any form comes as a visita-
tion from Providence, these young women, leaving
their homes where they were born and nurtured,
come down to these villages, and, by industry,
economy, and prudence, generally succeed in ma-
king quiet, and happy, and comfortable, the de-
clining years of those parents they have left be-
hind. I will do them the credit here to say, that I
do not believe, search the country through, from
the Aroostook to our southern boundary, that you
can find in any class of society, (I do not care who
they are, or how worthy, elevated, and cultivated
they may be,) an equal number of females of purer
moral deportment, higher intellectual cultivation,
or who better understand all the duties belonging
to private and social life and the domestic relations,
than these same much-abused factory girls. The
character of the male population is equally worthy.
They are industrious, prudent, thriving, intelli-
gent, educated, and moral. They are the pride
and glory of New England. I would like to have
any man (I do not care who he is, chivalnc, bold,
and intellectual as he may be) go into one of these
factory villages and tell that population they are
slaves. I am willing to compare this population
with the population of the South, leaving the slaves
out of the comparison altogether, and taking the
masters*, and then see on which side of the scale
the intellect, the, intelligence, and all the virtues
which adorn the human character, will be found.
Sir, if it would not be found on the side of these
factory operatives, you would have to produce a
higher standard than has fallen under my 9bserva-
tion anywhere, North or South.
I do not say this to court popularity, for I think,
if I have not proved anything else, 1 have proved
that I am not a great worshipper of that.
I take occasion to say, that I do not know a
population anywhere, North or South, against
whom charges of this character might not be
brought with equal justice as against the manufac-
turing population of New England. There never
was a people more misundeistood than they who
have been compared by the honorable Senator to
the slaves in those Slates where that institution is
tolerated. I have said enough of them, sir. With
one other remark I leave the subject.
The honorable Senator from Alabama says we
have clubs and societies in the Notth which issue
pamphlets and send out lecturers to preach murder
to the slaves, and to instigate them to violate the
wives and daughters of the slaveholders. Sir, I
have been somewhat conversant with the move-
ments of the anti-slavery society of the northern
part of the country. If ever the first letter of that
character has been printed in any northern Slate,
I must say that it has escaped my observation. I
do not stand here as the advocate of many of ihese
organizations; I do not belong to them; but I do
noc say this to avoid responsibility, but speak of
it as a matter of fact. I have never known a sin-
gle society, large or small, male or female, com-
posed of men, women, or children, who have not
utterly disclaimed everything of that kind, and
that have not put forth a solemn warning to every-
body that had anything to do with them, that
they should not preach insurrection to the slaves.
On the other hand, they have invariably been in-
structed to teach them to refrain from everything
like violence, and that it is their duty to bow with
meekness and submission to a power which they
cannot resist, and to put forth all their energies
and efforts in sending up from their degradation
and misery their supplications to Him who has
avowed himscdf to be the God of the oppressed.
I have never seen such a publication as that—
never. I have never heard such a sentiment
advanced in any public assembly, or such a prayer
offered up from any pulpit; but, on the contrary,
a different course of conduct is universally incul-
cated, so far as I have any knowledge of the mat-
ter; and if there be such associations as the Sena-
tor has spoken of, I know nothing of them. He
has a much more intimate knowledge of what is
going on in the northern States, if he is advised
that what he speaks of is true, than I have. Hav-
ing said thus much, I will leave the subject.
f do not propose again to go into the question of
the dissolution of the Union, but I dojoin in the
wish and hope expressed by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Chase] that gentlemen will come out and let
us know what they want. And having told us
that concession will not satisfy fanaticism, 1 trust
that no more concession will be asked for. Let us
understand what we want, and then if we cannot
agree to unite, let us agree tQ differ.
Mr. BUTLER. I had no idea of taking any
part in this debate, except so far as to suggest the
propriety of printing the resolutions, intending to
take another occasion to discuss the topics which
have been brought under discussion in this unex-
pected debate. But, sir, the gentleman from Ver-
mont, the other day, indulged in a very wide
range of debate, so far as regards one of the sub-
jects which he thought proper to bring within the
scope of his remarks. He discussed all the doc-
trines connected with the organization of territo-
rial government, and uttered many sentiments
well calculated to arrest attention—such as seemed
to provoke a reply.
.The gentleman from Ohio, this morning,„in a
somewhat prepared effort, I think, has come for-
ward, and has avowed doctrines which in their
tendency and operation cannot be disguised; and,
sir, while he has admonished us to cultivate har-
mony, and while he and others have given us
homilies on the value of this Union,he has avowed
sentiments, and, not only on this occasion but on
others, has inculcated doctrines, which will sow
broadcast the seeds of discord—such as make odi-
ous and arrogant distinctions between different
sections of this Confederacy. His doctrines would
seem to aim at the disfranchisement of the south-
ern section of the Union, both through the action
of the Federal Legislature and under the organi-
zation of parties. It is not mere sentiment, but a
scheme that he insists on to carry out his plans of
operation. He presumes on an inci easing major-
ity in the North and a minority in the South, as I
shall show by his expressed sentiments. I can-
not therefore allow him to preach decent modera-
tion, when I know he has, with others, ultimate
designs—designs which I will not allow him to
disguise, under the forms and professions of mod-
eration.
He avows openly that he will submit to no com-
promise, and will assimilate to no party that will
not lecognize as a basis the free-soil principles; in
other words, to form a party to be known as free
demociacy—a party that puts under the ban slave-
holder as tainted partners in the association. He
speaks of the South as having held the offices of
the Confederacy, and he avows doctrines that will
hereafter, by way of retaliation, disfranchise them
in the future unless they shall come to terms to be
prescribed on the basis which he has taken for
party organization. I have now a ietter before
me, which I shall have occasion to refer to, by
way of verifying all that I have said; a letter in
which he openly avows his reliance on the minor-
ity of southern interests, and, according to my
view, on southern defection; what he calls deser-
tion, I would call treason. His self-sustaining nu-
merical strength I suspect is at the bottom of his
sublime political morality. He aims at certainty
on the disposition.of submission by the South to
the doctrines which he has avowed. Confidence
has been inspired by the desire of the South to pre-
serve the Union, and its past history somewhat
sanctions the assumption. Summed up in a few
words, he calculates upon the unconditional sub-
mission of one section in submitting to the organi-
zation of parties to be made exclusively by another
section; with kind and gentle allowances, however,
for desertion from the southern ranks for the sake
of the prizes of office. But, sir, for fear I might
do the honorable gentleman injustice, I will, before
I sit down, read extracts from a letter, which seems
to have been prepared by him with the care of one
avowing a solemn creed. It is a creed that soars
to the heavens in its doctrines, but looks to the
earth for its rewards. Philanthropy prescribes the
latitude of its boundaries, whilst selfishness con-
tracts the scope of its operation; a philanthropy
whose center is everywhere, and whose circum-
ference is nowhere, but whose practice is to be
found in the sordid appropriation of office and
property.
But allow me to say that I am naturalist enough
to know that it is not the purest bird that flies the
highest. It is said of the condor that it alights in
the atmosphere of the snow-capped Andes, and
yet is it not true that it is a bird that lives upon the
corruption of the earth? These gentlemen, who
are so sublime in their molality, when they de-
scend from the elevation which their theory aspires
to, to the practical application of'their doctrines,
are ready to deprive us of the soil that has been won
by the common blood and common treasure of the
country—are ready to appropriate to themselves
the offices and their emoluments, under the organi-
zation of parties, and under theConstitution of the
United States, things which ought to be left open
to all. Even Federal eligibility to office has been
assailed, if itshould be claimed by a southern man.
Sir, they go further, and tell you in so many
woids, that acquiescence in their propositions will
not satisfy them; for that was the true import of
the language of the Senator from New Hampshire.
He says, that concessions that have taken place,
swell the spirit of fanaticism; that it has an ideal
excellence which will not compromise with any-
thing but the sublimity of an unlimited morality.
They are to attain this point by progressive aggres-
sion, and to hold those who defend their rights as
responsible for the Union. Those who have done
the wrong have no right to assign the position of
the parties to the issue. The South has never as-
sailed the Union; they have cherished it and made
all the compromises to preserve it; and I say now,
the northern gentlemen hold the scissors of itsi
