1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
will reconsider their vote, and before they consent
to give the gentleman from Ohio, or any other
gentleman, be he Whig or Democrat,a "committee
to investigate charges seriously affecting the char-
acter of high functionaries of1 the Government,
that the House will know who makes these charges.
If it is a gentleman outside this bar, and if he is
a gentleman of sufficient character and standing to
give importance and credibility to the charges,
I will vote for a committee to investigate them,
if one is required; but I will not consent that any
gentleman on this floor shall be made the vehicle
of slanders from without, of the source of which
the other members of the House know nothing.
It may be that the gentleman from Illinois and the
gentleman from Ohio have every confidence in the
persons from whom they obtained their informa-
tion; I want to know myself who is the person,
what is his character and standing, before 1 lend
the arm of the Government to crush or to cast im-
putations upon our high officers; and unless I do
know, [ will not vote for any committee of inves-
tigation. I demand to know who is the man who
makes this charge. I asked the gentleman from
Ohio, in the presence of this Hoqse, whether he
made the charge on his own responsibility; he re-
plied that he did not, and declines to state the name
of the person who did. Until his name is given,
and until t can judge of the degree of importance
which is to be attached to the charges, by knowing
the character and credibility of their author, I will
never by my vote sanction the proposition for this
body to raise a committee to investigate them. 1
hope, therefore, that the resolution will be recon-
sidered, and that it will not again be adopted until
charges are presented in a tangible form, and from
a source with which the House are acquainted,
and which shall entitle them to our investigation.
Mr. ASHMCN said, 1 feel bound to express to
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] my
cincere thanks for the course he has pursued upon
this occasion. He is entitled to the thanks of the
House, and [ am sure that there is not an honor-
able man now in the House whose heart does not
respond readily to the manly and highly honorable
tone in which he has spoken. It is characteristic
of him—frank and honorable, as he always is
upon this floor, whatever his opinions may be.
Sir, 1 agree with him that it is time—high time,
that this House should stamp with the seal of
emphatic reprobation the practice which has com-
menced here, of introducing resolutions which con-
tain injurious imputations upon the character and
conduct of gentlemen high in office, without a re-
sponsible person to vouch for the facts upon which
the imputations are founded. It has gone too
far already, and i hope that the House will seize
this occasion to put a stop to it. Resolutions con-
taining charges of official delinquency, of fraud
and corruption, are offered here, for which no man
comes forward to be responsible; which have
been/ramcd upon secret and malicious whispers
poured into the ears of such members as may
be disposed to listen to slanderous gossip. And
when they are presented by a member, he dis-
claims all personal knowledge of the facts him-
self'; and when called upon to give us hi3 means
of information, he utterly refuses. Now, in the
present case, the House has heard that the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] liefuie pro-
ceeding to denounce this procedure, took particu-
lar pains to inquire of the mover of this resolution
[Air. Sweetser] whether he made these charges,
or framed this resolution upon any facts within°his
own knowledge. The answer was in the negative.
The gentleman from Louisiana then asked the
mover to give the House the name of his inform-
ant. This he refused to do. Here, then, we have
a resolution containing imputations upon both the
personuland officialcharacterof agentleman whose
character stands as pure and high as that of any
man in the nation, and all we know of the author-
ity upon which the proceeding is instituted is, that
some unknown person has whispered in the ear
of the gentleman from Ohio, and stimulated him
to make this movement.
Mr. SWEETSER interposed and (Mr. A.
yielding the floor) said, that the gentleman was
assuming what he (Mr. S.) did not intend to say.
He had stated that he had received his informa-
tion from a source which was entitled to the ut-
most ciedence, and that he had no doubt of the
facts. In relation to the names of the persons, he
regarded it as improper to give them.
Mr. MOORE was understood to inquire whether
the gentlenmn from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] in-
tended to say that the Secretary of the Treasury
had applied the money to his own use.
Mr. SWEETSER disavowed any such inten-
tion. The Secretary of theTreasury was referred
to (Mr. S. said) in his official capacity, and the
language of the resolution applied to him in that
connection. It was a forced construction to apply
to it any other meaning. The gravamen of the
charge was against the Secretary in his official ca-
pacity.
Mr. ASHMTJN resumed. The gentleman noto
says that he did not intend to make a charge of
personal peculation, that the Secretary had applied
the money to his own use. I can only say, then,
that he made a most unfortunate use of the English
language when he framed his resolution. The
resolution reads:
" Keso'verZ, That a special committee of five members of
(his Hou.se be, and 'lie sami; are hcr< by, appointed, with
power tn examine and ascertain wh«thor the Secretarv of
the Treasury has not met or appropriated a large amount of
money ftom thu surplus fund," &c.
What did the gentleman mean by the word
"used?" I am bound to take the disclaimer which
he now makes, but I still think that those who
read the resolution as it appears in the papers, and
upon the Journal of the House, and who do not
hear the disclaimer, will be led into the suspi-
j cion that the resolution did propose an inquiry
I into a corrupt use of the public money; and if it
i was not so, why was a special and unusual power
demanded to send for persons and papers? Suiely
the resolution at least is most unfortunately loose
and ambiguous, and if there was no other reason
for the reconsideration which is moved, it is enough
that it is so worded as to need amendment, to clear it
from the offensive implication which it now con-
tains, and which the gentleman now says he did
not intend.
But, there is still another reason why this reso-
lution should not be adopted. The resolution asks
for a special committee; but it now seems, from
the declarations of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayly,] that his com-
mittee has this very matter under examination,
and has addressed an inquiry to the Secretary, ask-
ing for information concerning it. That is the
proper committee to have the matter in charge,
and I am content to leave it there, and see no neces-
sity for the ceremony of raising a new and spe-
cial committee for the purpose of taking it out of
the hands of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. A. yielding) said: The letter
we addressed was not to the Secretary of the
Treasury, but to the Secretary of the Interior,
upon whose application we understood these drafts
had been made. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] will, however, make o fuller
statement than I can make.
Mr. ASHMTJN resumed. It seems, then, that
this matter belongs to the Department of the Inte-
rior; and if so, I should be glad to know why the
charges in the resolution are aimed at the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Which of these officers is
implicated? or do not gentlemen know exactly
whom they are in pursuit of? At all events, let
the Committee of Ways and Means pursue the
investigation which it has begun. It is the com-
mittee which has the legitimate supervision of
subjects of this character—of appropriations and
their use. It is a committee composed of men of
known ability,.and, more than any other, usually
entitled to the confidence of the'House. They
have the matter now in charge, and I see no reason
for this extraordinary attempt to take it out of their
hands. I have no fear or anxiety that any inves-
tigation will result in anything which can in the
least degree touch the honor, personal or official,
of Mr. Meredith; but it is due to propriety, to the
character of the House, to our own self-respect, as
well as to the Secretary, that we should retrace
the step into which we were yesterday led, amidst
such confusion as disabled members from hearing
and understanding the true character of the reso-
lution, as it was read a single time at the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. DISNEY, after a preliminary remark, the
purport of which was not heard by the reporter,
proceeded to remark, that under some circum-
stances he should wonder much to see gentlemen
on the other side of the House ol ject to any
proposition looking to investigations of this char-
acter; but after the developments which had
been already made in respect to the present Ad-
ministration, he could no longer fee! surprised at
any degree of sensitiveness which might be mani-
fested as to any investigations into its proceedings.
The resolution involved matter of grave and serious
import—so grave that, in his judgment, if the
facts, as suggested in the resolution of his col-
league, [Mr. Sweetser,] should be established,
they would properly form the subject-matter of an
impeachment. As he (Mr. D.) understood the
matter, the charge was this—that after balances of
appropriations which, by the requirements of the
statute of '95, had been turned over to the genera!
treasury, (having remained unexpended for a
period longer than two years,) the Treasurer, or .
some other person, had taken the liberty to re-
take such balances from the Treasury—to reap-
propriate, without authority of law, the moneys
there found. This was the charge. He under-
stood that, under the practice of the Government
since its formation to the present time, more than
thirty-six millions of money had been thus trans-
ferred to the surplus fund; and if sums of money
could be taken from theTreasury in this manner,
the whole might be taken. The forms and cere-
monies by which the public treasury had been
guarded, would become mere mockeries, having
no binding force, and the money of the people
would, for all practical purposes, be left at the
mercy of the Secretary of the Treasury. Did
gentlemen on the other side of the House shrink
from the investigation of such a charge? Sen-
sitive as they might be on all matters of this
kind, he must be permitted to suggest whether
it was in good taste for them thus to avoid a fair
and open investigation of the charge. What
would be the effect upon the public mind if gen-
tlemen were successful in this attempt to crush
investigation ? He understood—he had been led
to believe, like his colleague, [Mr. Sweetser.]—
that the facts set forth in the resolution were true.
He (Mr. D.) had learned, that on the 27th of
June, 1847, under the administration of Mr. Polk,
about $153,000 unexpended balances of appropria-
tions made by Congress, had been transferred to
the general treasury of the nation. He had un-
derstood, further, that in December, 1849, the
present Administration did take that same amount
from the Treasury and reappropriate it without
| authority of law. And the resolution of his col-
' league proposed to inquire and ascertain whether
this statement was, or was not, true. That was
the object of the resolution. His (Mr. D.'s) in-
formation was of such a character that he dared
not disbelieve it, although he could not take upon
himself the responsibility of making the charge
upon his own knowledge. But he thought every
gentleman, upon reflection, must see that the case
had assumed an aspect which made it the impera-
tive duty of the House to take action upon it. It
was due to itself, and due to the character of the
Government, that an investigation should take
place; and the proposition of his colleague called
for and demanded that investigation.
In conclusion, he would say to gentlemen on the
other side of the House, let them not shrink from
this inquiry. This sensitiveness which had been
manifested was altogether ill-timed. Whatever
the present Administration might have done, let
not gentlemen attempt to shroud or conceal it. .
The charge, he repeated, was a serious one; and it
was the duty of every member who believed that
there was any sufficient ground upon which to base
the inquiry, to aid in throwing light upon that
charge, and m letting the country know to what
extent it could be made good. He admired the
feeling which would repel all unfounded charges
or imputations against the character of any indi-
viduals, be they who they might; but when
charges were well-founded, as he believed the
present to be, the duty of investigation was, in his
opinion, too plain to be mistaken. Since his at-
tention had been directed to this subject, he had
found, by the official returns of former years, that
in the fiscal year ending June, 1847, this amount
of money had been reported to the House as hav-
ing been turned over to the general treasury in
pursuance of the provisions of the law. So far,
then, there was official testimony to sustain the
allegation. The charge was made. His colleague
and himself verily believed it to be true, and, in
his judgment, an imperative sense of duty should
compel this House to take cogn:zance of it.
Mr. CASEY said: Mr. Speaker, when the
