1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] offered this
resolution 1 objected to it, because of its offensive
and unfair character. 1 voted against the suspension
of the rules and the adoption of the lesoiuLion, but
failed to draw the attention of the House to it at
the time. I agree, sir, with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] that the honorable
gentleman from Louisiana [Alt. Morse] deserves
the thanks,of this House and the country, for the
ability ancf magnanimity with which he has vindi-
cated the dignity of this House and the honor of
the Government, and 1 take particular pleasure in
noticing instances of this kind, as it exhibits to the
country, that there are upon this floor gentlemen
who are not to be drawn aside from the assertion
of a great and correct principle, as applied to the
officers of this Government, by the zeal and heat of
partisan opposition, or be induced to make an im-
pution upon the honor and integrity of a high offi-
cer of this Government, without a single scintilla
of proof being presented to the House, upon which
such charge could be sustained. And i here take^
occasion to say, that I believe all proceedings of
this kind utterly wrong in principle, and unfair
and unjust to the persons who are sought. io be
affected by them. In regard to this particular res-
olution, 1 opposed it when it was offered, being, as
i believed, both calculated and intended to impute
dishonesty and dishonor to the Secretary ot the
Treasury, whose personal and political friend I
have the honor to be, and who is a son of thai
State which I have the honor in part to represent.
N&w, sir, i should be recreant in my duty as a
Representative, and but poorly exhibit my friend-
ship for this distinguished gentleman, if i failed
to give my assent to the investigation of all his
official acts, in the fullest and amplest manner,
when such investigation is sought in a mode
becoming the honor and dignity ot this body, and
without committing such gross and flagiant in-
justice to an honorable man, and a high func-
tionary of the Government.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] insists
that this is a most grave ana serious charge, ana
if true, would lead to the impeachment and dis-
grace of the Secretary of the Treasury. And it
is for this reason, sir, that 1 oppose the resolution,
as it now stands, and under the circumstances
under which it is presented, it assumes the crime,
without, so far as this House knows, the existence
of one iota of proof to sustain it. He is to be
pronounced guilty, and tried afterwards, contrary
to all rules of fairness, justice, and law. Sir, a
gentleman, with, as good a character as any man
in this Hall for'honor, honesty, and integrity, in
all the relations of life, and in every position in
which he has been placed, in public or private
trust, and who has hitherto escaped unsullied and
unscathed, when a charge of dishonesty and cor-
ruption in his high office is alleged against him
in this House, is to be deprived of the common
justice which is extended to every man under our
Constitution and laws, when accused of the most
petty and trifling misdemeanor.
1 repeat again, sir, it is unbecoming the chaiac-
ter of members of this body and the dignity of
this House, that a member should rise he«e in his
place, and by merely stating that lie has heard
such and such rumors, drawing in question the
chaiacter, both official and personal, of members
of the Cabinet, and that he believes them, that
this House should be cailed upon to endorse such
iale and malicious falsehoods. It is a low, mis-
erable system of pettifogging, which would be un-
worthy a justice's county court, and in a body
like this, is most intolerable and discreditable.
Where is the evidence? What is it? Who gives
this information? The gentleman refuses to tell.
I insist, that I, as a member of this House, have
a right to hear and know them, and to form
my own judgment of them, whether they are
worthy of credit, whether they aie ot such a char-
acter as to justify this investigation, if this in-
formation has been fairly obtained, and is worthy
of ciedit, why shall it be withheld r The gentle-
man disclaims any personal knowledge on the
subject, and refuses to give his authority. I a*>k
this House and the countiy, is this right, is it lair,
is it just?
Mr. SWEETSER, (interposing ) I desire to
say that the gentleman shall be gratified to his
heart's content. But at this time, and on this pre-
liminary proceeding, I shall neither suffer my feel-
ings to become excited, nor shall X be drawn aside
from theplam purpose before me. Idonotknowthe
Secretary of the Treasury personally. These
ctiaiges have been made, and at a proper time will
be brought before the grand inquest of this House
—when the gentleman shall be gratified with the
exhibition of the ground upon which they are
predicated. The gentleman has spoken of petti-
fogging. I appeal to honorable gentlemen to
say from what side of the House the pettifogging
comes. 1 came into this House yesterday under
a solemn sense of duty, and with a determination
to discharge that duty tiuly and fearlessly. This
House has given me acornmittee, which will either
exonerate the Secretary from these charges, or
atraign him before the bar of this House. And
so help me God, if i am permitted, I will discharge
my duty faithfully, and in such a manner that
the whole truth shuli go to the country.
Mr. CASEY, (resuming.) Now is the proper
time to furnish it. The gentleman has no right to
ask me and this House to be guided and concluded
by his belief and his opinion of those rumors,
colored and blinded as his belief and his judgment
may be by partisan feeling and hostility to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and the Administration of
which he is a member.
Tne gentlemen taiK of us shrinking from an in-
vestigation. l wish the gentlemen to understand,
that 1 shrink from no investigation of the charac-
ter and conduct, official or personal, of Mr. Mer-
edith. 1 ai4 willn.g, perfectly willing, that he
shall pass the ordeal to which they lefer. 1 know
his character too well not to feel the most perfect
assurance that he wni come forth from it unsul-
lied and uninjured, " hue gold tried in the fire."
But what I insist upon is, that you have no
nght to frame an accusation like this, and put an
officer on trial without some clear, distinct, and
tangible proof, making out at least a prima facie
case, giving &ome assmance to the House ot the
existence of some prooabie cause for such extra-
ordinary proceedings. Tins the individual ar-
raigned in our county courts, upon an accusition
for tiie most petty misdemeanor, is entitled to.
But a man occupying a high position in the Gov-
ernment, and against whose honesty and integ-
rity even the bieath of slander has not dared,
heretofore, to bieathea whisper, is to be pre-
judged by the House of Representatives of the
United States, and is to be condemned before trial,
and without mercy.
If gentlemen have any ground of suspicion, let
them commence in the right way, and in a man- j
ner becoming a fair and an honorable opposition.
Let them call upon the Secretary for information
on this subject—for all the papeis in relation to it;
and when that information comes, and it shows
that an investigation is necessary, I shall be the
last man upon this floor to oppose it. If that Sec-
retary has been guilty of fraud and dishonesty in
the management of the public funds, 1 will go as
far as he who goes the furthest, in not only ex-
posing such fraud and corruption, but also m hold-
ing him amenable to ihejust judgment of Congress
and the countiy. 1 have nothing, sir, to shrink
from. 1 am well convinced these are idle ana
unfounded rumors, and i think there is great cause
of complaint that they should be moulded into a
distinct charge of dishonesty by an honorable
member of this House, and particularly when he
pertinaciously refuses to furnish to us the evidence
upon which lie predicates the charge. 1 repeat, i
am ready to vote for anything which will elicit the
facts in the case, without endorsing the charge and
giving it cuiiency, and sending it over the coun-
try -
The gentleman disclaims any intention of ma-
king a charge of personal dishonesty on the part
of the Secietary. Neither does the resolution of
the gentleman make wuch'an accusation openly;
yet no one can fail to see, that it implies what daie
not be charged directly, and ttuu its effect wi!l be,
to send out, with the approval of this House, Una
only half-conct-aled and insidious stab at the repu-
tation of a high-minded and honorable man. i
hope, therefore, that this House will assert its own
dignity, and maintain as character by withdiaw-
mg this charge, made without proof, against a
member of another branch of the Government
and take such action as shall comport with the
character of this body and the great country which
we represent.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, that he
was ngt m his seat at the moment the debate arose
this morning, and he did not understand the full
purport of the resolution which had been offered
yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio, [.Mr.
Sweetser ] In some degree, however, he (Mr.
T.) was acquainted with the matter to which the
resolution referred, and he would submit to the
House such information as he possessed m regard
to it.
Some six weeks or two months a^o, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had referred to him,
for examination, the Indian appropriation bill.
There were in the bill several items of rcappropri-
ation of funds from the surplus fund. He had
gone to the department to make inquiries in re-
spect to them. His examinations there had led
to the information that the department had recent-
ly decided that money which had been carried to
me surplus fund could be drawn out again without
authority of law. He had come back with that
statement, and said, if that rule was to be made
and acquiesced in, there was no need of these re-
appropriations. The committee of Ways and
Means had put them in: that had induced him to
visit Mr. Ewing; he had done so; he had asked
him if such a rule had been adopted, and been
told that it had been carried out in the case of the
appropriation for the Seminole Indians, which he
ndteved were the same with the Florida Indians.
The money had been carried to the surplus fund
by a warrant drawn June 30, 1847. Air. Ewing
took the ground .that the appropriations had been
mipropeily carried to the surplus fund. But it
had gone to the surplus fund, and it had there re-
mained lor two years, he (Mr. T.) believed. lie
returned; the Committee of Ways and Means put
into the bill these ^appropriations, theieby not
sanctioning, but, on the contrary, dissenting from
this principle. The facts, therefore, stated by the
gentleman from Ohio were true to tins extent: that
the Secretiry of the Interior drew his warrant
upon the Secretary of the Treasury; and the Sec-
ietary of the Interior received the money and used
it, knowing that it had come from the surplus
fund.
Whether there was anything peculiar in this
ca^e he (Mr. T.) had not been able to deter-
mine; whether ihe appropriation had been im-
properly carried to the surplus fund he was unable
to give an opinion; but it had been carried to the
surplus fund, arid some two or three years after-
wards it was drawn out on the warrant of the Sec-
ietary of the Treasury.
Mr. VINTON inquiied if the Secretary of the
Interior had not said that the appropriation was
improperly carried to the surplus fund ?
Mr. THOMPSON. He did say so.
Mr. VINTON had only further to ask whether
the same thing had not been done before under
preceding Administrations? Whether, when money
iiad been erroneously or impropeily carried to the
surplus fund, it had not been returned and the
books of the Treasury corrected ?
Mr. THOMPSON said, as he had stated a part
of the conversation he would state it more fully-
The Secietary of the Interior admitted that it was
a dangerous principle; he (Mr. T.) had said it
was a very dangerous principle; the Secietary ad-
mitted that he had done it in this case, ana raid
there were three or four precedents to justify it.
Immediately afterwards he (Mr. T ) had called
upon the Secretary of the Treasury in writing for
a full statement of the matter, and, from that d y
to this, by some strange neglect or by a supposi-
tion that it was an improper interference on his
(Mr. T.'s) part as a member of the coimnittee, or
hom some other reason, the Secretary had never
rtii^wertd the lettei. The letter mu^t have been
written some five or six weeks, m fact some two
months or more since.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether there had
been any investigation of the subject as lelated to
the conduct of the Secietary of theTreasury?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that thtre had been
none so fai as the Secretary of the Treasury was
concerned: it was a matter pertau.ing enuiely to
the Indian bureau, which fed entirely within the
juiisdicnon of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. ASHMCJN inquired whether there was
anything that would justify the House in appoint-
ing a committee with power to send fvr pcisons
and papers; in other words, whether there was
anything to impeach the propriety, honesty, or
integrity of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. THOMPSON would answer the gentleman
