1890.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
fate in their own hands. They can close them on
the cords of this Union by going* on in their reck-
less aggression, or stay their hand and do justice.
They are the moving parties, and in Jupiter Stator
they may find a deity worthy of worship; but if
fhey go on, they may presume too much on t^e
arts of Mercury. The course which has been ad-
vertised is a rebuking commentary on southern
acquiescence in wrongful aggression. Those who
have been guilty of the wrong; shall not hold me
liable for the consequences, nor shall they assign
trie a position to the issues which they have made.
If they have brought the Union in jeopardy, they
shall not throw the odium of disunionists on the
defending and innocent party. Politicians have
ployed with this subject as an element of political
game, and that game shall have the true parties
to it.
I say it now, and with perfect sincerity and can-
dor, that the people of the State which I lepresent,
and the people of the southern States in general,
have never taken measures thus far with the view
■or wish that they should result in disunion. I go
further, and say that their acquiescence in com-
promise is a refutation of the charges that have
been made against them. What compromise that
did not require a sacrifice of right and honor has
not been acccdcd to on the part of the South?
What compromise that she entered into has she
violated ? These are questions that may be obvia-
ted by evasion or denunciation of a self-sustaining
majority, but honesty will only answer them be-
fore the tribunal of history. The past cannot be
■changed, and it will go to show that the South has
made sacrifices to form the Union, and have sub-
mitted to unequal compromises to preserve it. The
North has presumed on that love of union to sanc-
tion their progressive and arrogant pretensions.
No, sn , the history of the Confederacy, and espe-
cially the history of this question, will show a de-
gree of submission to compromise that astonishes
me in the review of it. I shall not go further than
to speak of the history of this question with my
connection with it, the tru<j element which has
formed the basis of their course. Will the gentle-
man inform me what measure of compromise has
e\er been proposed to us, if it were an honorable
and just compromise, that has been rejected by us?
When it was proposed to extend the Missouri
compromise to the Pacific, by whom was that
proposition made? It was made by one side, and
promptly and even scornfully rejected by the other,
t was refused, even with the wantonness of rejec-
tion. It was refused on the assumption that some
of our own men would join in the repudiation.
By implication that compromise has been supposed
to give to the South, in,all territories south of 36°
30f entire control. Whilst it in terms excluded
slavery /lorth of that line, it recognized the right
that it should exist, if the people thought proper,
south of that line. Experience has shown that
the temptation to disiegard it depended on the
power of doing so, on a minority made so by its
operation. It has served the office of talcing power
from the South and placing it in the hands of those
who have not magnanimity and justice to observe
its obligations. It has been but a dam of sand
that has given way to the tide of insolent power.
When the questions growing out of a proposition
to give governments to our Mexican acquisitions
assumed a critical aspect, an honorable effort, with-
out regard to sections, was made to settle them
forever, and to take them out of the arena of polit-
ical gamesters. That effort resulted in the Clayton
bill. It was framed to save the honor of the South.
Many thought her rights were not secure under it.
I will not state its terms. It proposed an honor-
able compromise, without improper concession.
What has been its fate? The South generally ac-
quiesced in it; and, I solemnly believe, for the sake
of the Union. Doe^ this look like a desire or design
to dissolve this Confederacy? No, sir,it was any-
thing e!se. It was a sacrifice to the very name of
the Union. It has provoked aconfidence that may
be fatal. I fear it has given rise to a delusion, that
there are no liimtw to which the North may not go.
Another bill was brought in by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, well guarded in its pro-
visions, in relation to New Mexico and California,
proposing merely to put it in the power of the
courts, by writs of habe((3 corpus, to test the legality
of the title by which slaves are held. It was as-
sumed on that occasion that it conceded too much
to the South, and gave them the advantage in the
p;
issue. Was not that going far in the spirit of
compromise? Could anything more strangely
show- the wantonness of non-slaveholding arro-
gance? That was set aside, and a clause with a
snare under it was insisted on by northern gentle-
men as giving all that would settle the question; in
other words, a clause to cover the Wilmot proviso.
Sir, the compromises have all been one way—into
the lion's den—nulla vestigia retrormm. But I shall
go further and say, we have violated none of the
compromises into which we have entered, whilst
we have rejected none that have been offered to us
on honorable terms.
Is this not a proposition full of meaning? It
may be that the cup of conciliation is exhausted.
I shall say nothing of that. I will not utter men-
ace, nor will I indicate the end of this fearful ques-
tion. We have acceded to all that would preserve
our honor in every compromise that has been
proposed. Indeed, we have evinced a desire to
let this question pass by, on a point of honor, and
yet gentlemen come out and accuse those who have
maintained those compromises, and manifested a
desire to defend their rights, of a design to sever
the Union. Oh yes, we are the people, they eay,
who have shown a disposition to sever the differ-
ent portions of this Union! It is the wolf taking
offence at the lamb, because he contradicted him in
saying he had not muddied the water in drinking
below hint.
The South, at the time of the formation of this
Confederacy, made sacrifices, and deprived herself
of the sceptre. She parted with the sceptre when
she consented to the formation of this Union,
when she gave up to the North the power of regu-
lating commerce by a mere majority. But 1 shall
go no further into the history of this matter at
present. I shall check myself, so far as the tend-
ency of this argument is concerned; but I have
much to say on it, and 1 go back to the honorable
Senator from Ohio. The gentleman from Ohio is
a Senator; he represents, in part, one of the largest
States in the Confederacy, and, sir, his opinions
are to be respected. I am satisfied that he, hke
many others, acts under the pressure of an ex parte
constituency. They are exponents of those who
have never looked except upon one side of this
question. Many who come here fire committed
exponents of irresponsible masses. They are.
facile and publican politicians, who feel themselves
bound to the law of obedience. They act«in a
channel that popular prejudice and irresponsible
persons have made for them, and yet they talk of
slavery. They get their places here by slavish
submission. They violate the Constitution before
they come here, by vows on an unconstitutional
altar. Asforany effect that might hepioduced by
mere speaking, I would much rather address the
people than their representatives. The people have
no temptation to do what is wrong. They might
be affected by a dispassionate appeal to their judg-
ments. A.t least they could be approached as a
tribunal that could review its judgment. They
could have no interest to maintain an adversary
position, where from feeling and duty they might
wish to become friends. Politicians will play with
topics as a part of a game, which the people would
shrink from with horror could they see the conse-
quences. I think it may be safely said that those
who yield most to transient popular prejudice, and
indulge in habitual expressions of love to the peo-
ple, would betray them soonest if there were an
adequate temptation. An accommodating spirit is
generally associated with a facility in morality.
There are occasions on which I might expect
statesmen and patriots to elevate themselves above
those irresponsible influences, but the day has
passed, I am afraid, when such men are to be
found. And m making this statement I will not
tear away one leaf from the history of the North.
I will not deprive the North of an iota of credit
that is her due. The pasrt is secure, and I speak
of it only m an historical point of view; but { will
not sit here and hear doctrines expressed which
in their consequences must degrade a portion of
the Confederacy, and deprive posterity of the
rights which we have ourselves inherited.
I will ask the Secretary to read a letter of the
Senator from Ohio, because, as I have attributed
to it an influence, the letter itself will furnish the
evidence upon which I have based it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Cincinnvti, 1849.
MY bear Sir : I observe indications in various quarters
of a disposition on the part of influential gentlemen to in-
terpose difficulties in the way of cordial union between the
old line democracy and the tree democracy, by insisting on
conditions to which the latter cannot agree without the
saciifice of principieswhich they hold far dearer than party
success.
The free democracy, holding in common with the oldline
democracy the cardinal and essential doetnnes of the demo-
cratic faith, believe that the time has come for the applica-
tion" of those doctrines to the subject of slavery, as well as
to the subjects of currency and trade. They believe that
slavery is the worst form of despotism. The ownership of
one man by another is the most absolute subjection known ;
to human experience. No Democrat, who has any real
living faith in the great cardinal doctrine of democracy, that
ail men have equal rights by nature, and that the only legit-
imate object of government is to maintain and secure these
rights, can doubt that slaveholdtng is grossly inconsistent
with democratic principles.
It is not necessary to advert to the circumstances which,
tor many years, prevented either of the great parties of the
country from taking any ground against slavery. It is
enough that circumstances are now changed. The acqui-
sition of Mexican territories has presented the question of
slavery in new aspects. Heretofore the slave power was
content with retaining slave territory as slave territory; now
it seeks to subject free territory to the blight of slavery.
This enormous pretension has led to a more general exam-
ination of the constitutional relations of the National Gov-
ernment to the slave system; and that examination has
fastened the conviction on the minds of thousands and
hundreds of thousands, that the government ofthc Union ia
bound to prohibit slavery in the territories, and to exert all
its legitimate and constitutional powers to limit, localize,
and discourage it, and especially to prohibit its existence in
all places within the sphere of its exclusive jurisdiction.
This is the conviction of free democracy. They have
announced it over and over again, and are pledged to govern
their political action by it. This pledge they will undoubt-*
edly redeem.
Now, what is to hinder the reception of this faith by the
old-line democracy? What shall prevent their bold and
frank avowal of H? What should interfere with manly and
straightforward action in consistency with it?
I can see hut one thing—the alliance, so called, with the
slaveholders themselves—the fear ot losing their political
support and influence in a Presidential election.
Now, it is very certain that no consideration of mere polit-
ical expediency ought to induce the democracy to refrain
from carrying out its own principle*; and it seems to me
equally certain that political expediency and duty at this
time coincide.
For, what will be the cost to the democracy of the alliance
of the slaveholders in a Presidential campaign ?
To determine this question, it must fir&t be seen what the
slaveholders demand as the price of their alliance. This
demand is easily stated.
Ir is non-intervention upon the «uhject of slavery. That
is, northern men may think and act at home as they choose,
, and southern men likewise; but when northern men and
j southern men meet at Washington, either in executive or
I lesislative capacities, thev must not take any action against
S slavery, hut leave the slaveholders tit liberty to introduce
i slaveholding wherever the> can.
I This, if I understand it, is the ground of the Washington
1 Union 'which has been approved by a number of Demo-
! cratie prints in the free States and universally, I believe, as
! well it might be, in the slave States.
j Now, jus my deliberate opinion that it is utterly imprac-
j lieabte to unite the democracy on this platform in the free
States.
Tire free democracy can never accede to it; andmam-
j taming, as they do, the cardinal doetnnesof democracy, and
occupying, as they will, a bold and independentposition on
the slavery question and every other, the people who Jove
boldness and independence will rally around thesa in such
numbers that it will be utterly impossible for compromising
democracy to carry a respectable number ot the free States,
and they must, as heretofore, divide the free States with
comoromtsing Whigaism. Success, therefore, on the non-
intervention platform is, for the old democracy, quite out of
the question.
The free democracy believe in non-intervention, such as
the Constitution requues; non-intervention by Congress with
the legislation of the States on the subject of slavery. But
neither the history of the country, nor the Constitution of
the countrv, warrants non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in teiritones and elsewhere, without Uh; limits of
any Suite, but within the etcluMve jurisdiction of the Na-
tional Government. Slavery in such terntory or places can-
not, under a strict construction of the Constitution, exist at
all. Slavery in such territory or places ought at least to be
prohibited by Congress.
I have regietted to see certain expressions attributed to
John Van Burcn, calculated to revive unpleasant feelings—.
such as, that the national democratic party is dissolved. I
would prefer to say, that the national democratic party is in
process of regeneration— i  progress, obeying tbatiaw of
progress which all its doctrines recognize, from the old plat-
form of non-interveniion to the JeftVrsonian platform of sla-
very reduction and discouragement. It seems to me that
the partv rn the iree States ought at once to advance to the
Jcffersonian srround, and there unitoin indissoluble phatanx
wnh Miejr brethren of the free democracy. Ijet the party
in the sdave States advance to the same ground. \ ethaps,
in advancing, some may desert and go over to the (.onserv-
atives. Possibly in the slrfve States, the par tv mun go into
a temporary minority. Let it be so. The compensation
will be found in the concentration, unanunhy, the invinci-
bility of the united democracy in the tr,«> States Trium-
phant in the free States, and strong, by the strength of their
ormciDle* even in the Wave States, the democracy can elect
it-; national candidates, under such circumstances, in despite
°^Snch*are my views. I feel a strong confidence that tune
will urovc their correctness. I am a democrat, unreserv-
edly, and 1 feci edine&th solicitous for ttw* *nr« ess of the
democratic organization and the triumph of it* principles.
The doctrines of the democracy, on the subjects of trade,
