1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
from Massachusetts in all candor. In the first
place, he had not investigated the propriety of the
drart drawn upon this fund; in the second place, he
had not investigated the fact whether the money-
had properly been carried to this fund. He could
only assert the fact that was admitted, that it had
been carried to the surplus fund and there remained
for some time, and had been drawn out again.
Not having investigated this case, therefore, it was
for the House to determine the propriety of the
Secretary's conduct, and not for him. For his
own part, he thought it a very proper investiga-
tion, and he should vote for it with pleasure; he
was astonished that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts did not vote for it. If the money had been
improperly carried to the surplus fund, all that
would be necessary would be for the committee to
show that fact, and the Secretary would stand vin-
dicate;!; on the contrary, if it was rightly in the
Treasury of the United States, the gentleman
from Massachusetts would certainly never justify
the Secretary of the Treasury in drawing it out
without an appropriation from Congress.
Mr. ASHMUN said he knew the gentleman
from Mississippi acted fairly about this thing; he
wanted to know of the gentleman whether a call
upon the Secretary for information in the ordinary
mode, through the President, would not disclose
all the facts?
Mr, THOMPSON replied, that in all frankness
he could not answer. He himself thought it was
a very proper subjcct for investigation. One
thing was very certain, that the Secretary had not
answered the letter of the Committee of Ways and
Means. If an ordinary call was made, and a re-
ply was received, the report would amount to this:
that the money had been carried to the surplus
fund improperly. He (Mr.T.) doubted whether
the report would state the ground upon which the
transaction had taken place. At all events, he did
not think a committee of investigation would do any
harm. He believed that this money was in the
Treasury of the United States, and that it had
been improperly drawn out. That was his belief.
Now the question was, whether this involved im-
propriety on the part of the Secretary. He (Mr.
T.) did not give an opinion: it was for the House
to determine. One other fact: He had been told
by one of the clerks (the authority of course
would go for what it was worth) that the Cabinet
had reversed that decision and decided that no
more money, after it was carried to the surplus
fund, could be drawn out without authority of
law. Whether that decision had been reversed by
the Cabinet or nor, was a question which he had
not the means of determining.
Now, the only question upon the resolution of
*he gentleman from Ohio arose from its terms. It
proposed to inquire "whether the Secretary of the
Treasury has not used or appropriated a large
amount of money from the surplus fund without
authority of law."
Whether that question implied any corrupt con-
duct upon the part of the Secretary oftheTieas-
ury, was for the House to determine. He
thought that this warrant had been improperly
pauijsand therefore that it was an appropriation of
money, (though it might have b*cn for the public
service,) in violation of, or withoutany authority of
law. He therefore thought it was a very proper
case for investigation, and he was astonished that
the gentlemen on the other side were not willing
to vnte for it.
Mr. HOUSTON rose and wished to propound
an inquiry to the gentleman from Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi yield the floor?
Mr. THOMPSON. If the gentleman wishes
to make an inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON said he wished to know of the
honorable member from Mississippi why, if he
entertained this opinion that it was proper that a
committee of inquiry should be raised to investi-
gate this matter, the honorable member had not
himself called the attention of the House to it?
Why he had left it for some six or eight weeks,
and then to be brought up by an honorable
member who had no connection with it as a mem- !
ber of the Committee of Way3 and Means, and \
who brought it forward on the authority of a per- j
son whose name he was very unwilling to dis-
close?
Mr. THOMPSON. That is a very fair ques-
tion, and it requires a direct answer. I believe a
plain story will answer it directly and satisfac-
torily: I wrote a letter to the Secretary of the in-
terior, asking for the facts; the Secretary to this
hour has neglected to give me the facts; and I,
therefore, have not felt myself called upon, from a
mere verbal answer of the Secretary, to bring this
matter forward for the action of the House. Is
not that a satisfactory and direct answer?
Mr, HOUSTON. Notatalf.
Mr. THOMPSON. It is very satisfactory to
m^.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, interposed to a point
of order, and called for the special order of the
day, the bounty land bill.
The SPEAKER said, that the gentleman couW
not call up the special order while the gentleman
from Mississippi was on the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON (Mr.T. further yielding at his
request) said he wished further to mqune of the
honorable member from Mississippi, why it was
that, after the honorable member had addressed
this letter—not to the Secretary of the Treasury,
(whose conduct it was now proposed to inquire
into,) but to the Secretary of the Interior, asking
for information, and the Secretary remained silent,
ihe honorable member of the Committee of Ways
and Means had not brought the matter before the
House, and called upon the House to inquire of
the Secretary of the Interior why, without color
or authority of law, he had made this draft upon
the treasury ?
Mr. THOMPSON said he was not responsible
if the gentleman from Delaware could not see and
comprehend the force ot his reasons. He (Mr. T.)
was certainly the judge of his own conduct; and he
was certainly very willing to pry into the matter,
whenever he thoughta flagrant abuse existed; ana
he should not be deterred at any time Irom in-
quiring into it, or seconding the inquiry which any
gentleman might see fit to propose, in this case !'
he thought the gentleman would comprehend that !.
he (Mr. T.) was acting as a member of the com- [;
mutee; that he had called upon the Secretary of jj
the Interior for information: the committee had ij
said they had nothing to do with it. He had !,
waited, as a matter of course, lor a reply to his !j
inquiry beiore he should proceed further. Now
it was true he had had nothing to do with pro-
posing this investigation, but the subject was be-
fore the House, and he had been called upon as a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to state what he knew: he had stated what had
been done m committee, and the long delay of the
Secretary in answering his inquiry was justifica-
tion enough for him to vote for this investigation;
and he would vote for it through all its phases, jj
He did not believe that the tone of the resolution !i
implied any moral dishonesty—it did not insinuate j
that the Secretary of the Treasury had appro-
priated the money to his own use, but merely that
he had appropriated it without authority ot law.
Mr. SWEETSER (Mr. T. yielding) desired
distinctly to slate, that he might not be misunder-
stood, that m the resolution which he had had the
honor to move, he had not intended, nor did he
now intend, to impute to the Secretary of the
Treasury any personal dishonor in this matter, j
His whole object was to investigate the official j
conduct of that officer. He hoped the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and the House would receive
this explanation and disclaimer now.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois (Mr. T. further
yielding,) inquired of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi whether the leportof the Secretary of the
Treasury gave the transfer of these balances?
Mr.THOMPSON replied, that in June, 1847, as jj
he understood it, this money was carried to the ■!
surplus fund; that that tact was reported in the
December following, but that the fact of drawing !i
the money from this fund, on the ground upon "
which it was done, had never, so far as he knew,
been reported to the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. McLANE desired to know of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, as the member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means who had had this Indian
appropiution bill referred to him, if the sum of >
money drawn from the Treasury by the warrant
referred to, was a sum of money belonging to that
class of appropriations which, by law, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had the right to transfer
from one branch of the service to another?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that he could not
give tha gentleman an answer, having never satis-
factorily investigated that matter. This was an
inquiry which had been put to him by several gen-
tlemen in conversation: he could not answer it.
But this was not a question involving transfers
from one head of appropriations to another, but per-
taining entirely to the surplus fund,and the effect
produced by returning money under the law of '95
into the Treasury of the United States, which was
quite a different affair. This appropriation which
went to the surplus fund, was for the removal of
the Seminole Indians: at the end of the two years, it
was not found necessary to draw it from the Treas-
ury for the purpose of carrying out the objects for
which it was appropriated: it was therefore, accord-
ing to law, returned into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, under the head of surplus funds. Sub-
sequently it might have been found necessary to
use the same money for the purpose for which it
was originally appropriated. Now, the object of
this investigation was to furnish the Secretary
with an opportunity to give the grounds upon
which he acted in thus drawing this money, which
had gone to the surplus fund, from the Treasury,
without a reappropriation by Congress. For his
own part, from the investigation which he had
made, he could not say that he entertained a deci-
ded belief that the Secretary had acted wholly
without authority of law; but this fact he would
state, that the money went into the surplus fund,
and had been drawn from the Treasury without
reappropriation: and such a state of facts re-
quired explanation.
Mr. STRONG interposed, and (the floor being
yielded) said, as the gentleman from Mississippi
seemed to understand this case better than any
othergentlemanwho had given his views in regard to
it, he desired to ask the gentleman, what theie was
in the case that a committee could ascertain, which
could not be ascertained by a resolution of inquiry
directed to the Secretary of the Treasury? The
raising of a committee of investigation implied a
charge; a resolution of inquiry implied no such
thing, as he understood it.
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that if a committee
were raised, an opportunity would be afforded to
the Secretary of the Treasury to give the grounds
upon which he hud drawn the money out of the
Treasury, without authority of law, as this must
be admitted to be an irregular proceeding. The
question, then, for the committee of investigation
to determine was, whether the money had gone
into the Treasury properly or not, and whether it
had been drawn out improperly or not? These
were questions which, he thought, the committee
of investigation could and ought to examine.
Mr. DISNEY inquired, whether, m case the
money was not expended within two years, under
the statute of '95, the same could have been used
without a reappropriation by Congieas?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that, in his opinion,
the money could not be used without a reappro-
priation by Congress; but there are exceptions m
cases of appiopriations for objects which are to be
continued, and this would be a subject for the in-
vestigation of the committee. The usual custom
with the departments was, when the money was not
needed within two years, it was technically drawn
out of the Treasury and placed to the ciedit of the
disbursing officer.
He did not soe the necessity for this peculiar
sensitiveness on the part of gentlemen on the other
side. He did-not believe that theie was any im-
piopriety in this investigation: on the contrary,
any gentleman of *uce sensibility, whose honor
wastin any way impeached, would rather court
investigation, in order that his conduct might be
explained and his honor vindicated. Here was
an irregular proceeding; every gentleman must
feel that an explanation was needed, and there
could be no impropriety in the friends of the Sec-
retary even piessing a full and fiee examination,
if they felt a consciousness that there was no sem-
blance of official misconduct.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey. From what has
been said on the other side of the House, it is
clear that two points chiefly are presented; one is,
that money has been drawn, without authority of
law, by the Secretary of (he Treasury; because,
although originally appropriated to the purpose
for which it was used, it h.\d, from lapse of time,
passed to the account of "Surplus Funds." The
version alluded to by the honorable gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] that it had so
in error, as he was informed, if correct,
