1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
would only show that a mistake in keeping the
books had occurred. If so, 1 may say, it had
been corrected, and properly so, by the head of the
department—who thus brought back the money—
subject to his warrant, for the original appropria-
tion.
The other point presented is, that by law there
is authority to transfer from moneys properly
carried to the account of surplus funds, amounts
needed for specific public purposes. These points
are against inquiry, on the grounds assumed; for
if either point be established, there is surely no
need of inquiry at all—still less of a select com-
mittee, with power to send for persons and papers,
in order to ascertain what offence against the law
has been committed. As suggested by the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,]
a simple resolution of inquiry would have accom-
plished the object, in oider to put the House in
possession of all" requisite information.
I put it to gentlemen on both sides of the House,
whether it is courteous, and fair, and manly, to
ni'ike charges in such language as is contained in
this resolution—involving high delinquency, per-
sonal as well as official, without any substantive
allegation by a member of this House, on his
own authority, or on that of any responsible au-
thor, to give even color to such charges? The
honorable mover of these resolutions disclaims
any such inference, from the language he has used,
and confines himself to objections to the Secreta-
ry's course, as being without authority of law.
But it is not sufficient, in my view, here amon^
us, to make such disclaimer, while the charge
stands, in writing and in print, stamped with the
authority of the vote of two-thirds of the members
of this House, and circulating throughout the
country. The contradiction now is even too tardy
to overtake the undeserved allegations of wrong.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House, as
well as on this, must feel the propriety of limiting
inquiries through special committees of investiga-
tion to matters of real importance, and based upon
sufficient proofs, instead of making narrow points,
accompanied by generaland offensive imputations,
the ground of such inquiries. The Secretary of
the Treasury in th6 resolutions, stands charged in
the general terms, of having used and appropriated
the public money contrary to law.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Mississippi, interposing.
" Without authority of law."
Mr. KING. Well, "without authority" is
contrary to law. And the gentleman now says,
that the money has been used for public purposes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I call the attention of the
House to these facts and explanations. A direct
charge of using and appropriating public moneys
without authority of law, is narrowed down to
such use, for public purposes, under a construction
of law which may prove entirely legal, or under
an error of book-keeping, which the Secretary not
only had a right, but was bound to correct. The
gentleman from Ohio, moving the resolution, did
not really know what the point of inquiry was,
beyond the belief, founded upon hearsay, that the
Secretary had used moneys passed to the account
of " surplus fitiidb," without authority of law; and
really, that gentleman seems to have derived much
of the information upon which he was trustingly
proceeding, to what has been since stated to the
House by the honorable member from Mississippi.
Nor did he seem to know the effect of the laws re-
ferred to by that gentleman, or by the gentleman
from Maryland. Altogether, the ground of inquiry,
compared with the terms in which it is couched,
are singularly at variance.
If there is a law permitting the use of surplus
funds, under given circumstances, and this is one
of those circumstances, there is no offence, and no
ground of inquiry, still less of censurc, in the terms
of that inquiry. If there is no such law, and there
is any unauthori7ed use of money in the Treasury,
even for public purposes, I am for an inquiry, and
so are my ftiends around me; but I desire that the
facts should be stated to the House, not through
any prejudiced or prejudging medium, but upon
the Secretary's answer to a simple, considerate,
and respectful resolution of inquiry. I say more;
it is impossible to know the grounds upon which
the Secretary of the Treasury has proceeded, until
his answer is received.
Mr.SWEETSERexplained. He repeated what
he had before said, and he would now tell the gen-
tleman, that in relation to the charge contained in
the resolution, he (Mr. S.) had no explanation to
give. * He said again, that the charge was against
the Secretary of the Treasury in his official ca-
pacity. The charge was, that he had used this
money m his official capacity alone; and when he
(Mr. S.) declared that he made no personal impu-
tation against that officer, he (Mr. S.) did not
take back one jot or tittle of the charge, as it re-
lated to his official capacity. Mr. S. alluded to
the requirements of the act of *95, and lemarked,
that the act to which the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] had referred, did not relate to
these Indian appropiiations. He also referred to
the statement made by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Thompson,] and remarked, that in
no case where the money had passed to the sur-
plus fund, had any officer dared to draw it out,
except upon specific appropriation made.
Mr. KING. I leave it to the judgmentof the
House, if the gentleman's explanation has re-
moved the objections made to the tenor of the res-
olution, and whether sufficient authority has been
produced by him to justify the course he pursued.
I ask of the House—and especially of the gentle-
men opposite—to give to the Secretary of the
Treasury, simply, the measure of justice which in
similar cases they would claim for themselves—
to discard gratuitous imputations, personal and
official, and to adopt regular resolutions of inquiry,
i will then go as far as any one in probing this
matter to the bottom.
Mr. CADLE, of Ohio, interposed, and (Mr.
Kintg yielding the floor) asked, Does not the gen-
tleman know that the Cabinet in council have had
that matter under consideration, and a majority
thereof condemned the act ?
Mr. KfiNG. So far from it, I know nothing
either of the deliberations or dcteimmation of the
Cabinet, and I am surprised that such a question
should be made, or that such an intimation should
come from that part of the House.
Mr. CONRAD desired to inquire of the gentle-
man from Otiio [Mr. Cable] whether he knew
anything about it?
Mr. CASEY put a similar question.
After some conversation on a point of order—
Mr. KING said, he would settle the point of or-
der, by asking the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cable,] by what authority he had made the state-
ment, or asked the question?
Mr. CABELL. I did not make it as a charge;
but to ascertain if the gentleman was familiar with
the Cabinet doings. To show what my motive of
inquiry was, i have heard upon pretty good au-
thority, that the Cabinet had condemned the act,
but have not relumed the money !
Mr. CARTTER inquued whether the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. King] knew, or ex-
pected that the present Cabinet would reverse any
order for the payment of money ?
Mr. KING said, the gentleman was like his
colleague, [Mr. Disney,] who could see nothing
that was right m the financial acts of the Adminis-
tration. When such questions shall properly come
up, i trust they will be met successfully—they cer-
tainly will not be blinked.
But I will simply declare here, and in the face of
the country, that in its control of the financial, do-
mestic, and foreign affctns of the nation, this Ad-
ministration will bear a favorable comparison with
any which has preceded it.
But the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson-,] asks, Why so much sensitiveness
on this side of the House to such inquiries? Does
not the gentleman know that sensitiveness is be-
coming, when gentlemen are charged with unwor-
thy conduct? Does he not feel that the honor and
character of men at the head of the departments are
public propeity, not to be lightly assailed, or cooliy
defended ? i know of no rule that enjoins silence, or
calmness. When such assertions are made, pri-
vate honor and public honor alike forbid. But I
will tell gentlemen on both sides of this House,
make out your case or the semblance of it, and I
will go with you in probing matters to the bottom;
but short of that, and from high considerations of
puolicduty, I pause, and cull upon you to pause.
And, therefoie, I ask the House to reconsider the
vote by which, yesterday, they did an uninten-
tional wrong; for i am sure the tenor and purport
of the resolutions which were then passed by a
vote of two-thirds, will not be deliberately sus-
tained and reaffirmed by a vote of a majority to-
day.
Mr. BISSELL moved that thfe motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, appealed to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] to with-
draw the motion, to enable him (Mr. S.) to say a
few words.
Mr. BISSELL did so, (conditionally, as it
seemed.)
So the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table was withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, proceded with
his remarks. He taid that after listening with
much attention to the debate which had taken
place this morning, he had come to the conclusion
that it would be a graceful act on the part of gen-
tlemen on the Democratic side of the House, to
vote in favor of the motion to reconsider the. vote
by which this resolution had been adopted. If he
had not thought so—if he had not been of a differ-
ent opinion from most of those gentlemen who had
spoken upon that side, he should not have said a
single wo d. It seemed to be peifectly clear that
nothing dishonorable or corrupt was chaiged
against the Secretary of the Treasury; and, as was
to be inferred from the very appropriate question
put by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, every-
thing that could be obtained by means of a com-
mittee of investigation could be obtained by a
simple resolution of inquiry. The facts were of
such a nature as to render it impossible to conceal
them. Why should the House adopt a course
calculated to throw censure upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, when no one suspected him of a
graver wrong than such as might be involved in a
mistake—if such a mistake had been made—in the
construction of an act of Congress. He (Mr. S.)
should vote in accordance with this view, more
out of respect to himself and to the Democratic
party of which he was a member, than from any
tenderness towatds the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself. It could not be denied that such
an investigation dui imply censure; and when
that investigation was altogether unnecessaiy,
when the facts could be as readily adduced
by another process involving no such censure,
why should the House adopt the former and
more objectionable course? If this appropria-
tion had been improperly earned to the surplus
fund, it was put there against the law; and if such
was the fact, then, as the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr.KwG] had remarked,it wasbutan error
in book-keeping, and the money would be subject
to the drafts of the Treasury officers. Suppose
that the Secretary of the Treasury had made a
blunder, and, under a misconstruction of the law,
had taken the money out of the Treasury. That
error was seen and acknowledged. He (M r. S.) did
not know how the facts were. But heuppiehend-
ed that this was not a very grave matter, and that,
perhaps, similar occurrences had frequently taken
place, and although it might demonstrate what he
believed to be true, that the Secretary of the
Treasury, at the time he entered upon his office,
had not the experience requisite for the discharge
of its duties—yet it did not 3how that he was
corrupt, or that he had done any seiious injury
to the Government; for no one contended that he
had appropriated the money to inq ioper uses.
He (Mr. S.) should, therefore, vote in favor of
the motion to reconsider, in the hope that a reso-
lution of inquiry would be adopted, by which all
the facts of the case might be made known.
Mr. ROO T said, that he had listened to the re-
marks of gentlemen on all sides of the House 
Mr. STAN'ION interposed and said, that at the
moment of taking his seat, he had foigotten to re-
deem the pledge which he had given to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] to renew the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble.
A brief conversation followed, when
Mr. BISSELL waived the motion.
Mr. ROOT proceeded with his remarks. He
had, he said, listened to the remarks of gentlemen
on both sides of the House, with a view, if possi-
ble, to ascertain the length and breadth of the
question now under discussion. He could not,
for the life of him, understand what necessity there
was for a committee of investigation, unless in-
deed it should be a committee to investigate the
law. It seemed that a certain balance of an old
|| appropriation had been carried to the surplus fund
