1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
honor to represent, he should make demonstra-
tions such as he is constantly exhibiting upon this
floor. 1 thought it well, as I understood him first,
but now it assumes a more dubious form; and
without the high eulogy which he delivered upon
that population, and which I suppose he is to take
home with him, I should have doubted their
claims to such and so numerous virtues. I trust
he will take home with him also the speech he de-
livered the other day upon this floor, in which he
announced that all those petitions and memorials
are a mere trick, intended for electioneering purpo-
ses; that this agitation is a mere game, intended to
cajole the people; that it is all a very harmless mat-
ter; that it means really nothing, except to keep up
an excitement, and secure votes to candidates at elec-
tion time. I hope that the Senator will repeat that
speech to these people when he happens to attend
meetings whence these and similar resolutions go
forth. When the people in any quarter of this
Union are about to be lashed into fury against the
institutions of the remaining States by the prompt-
ings of fanaticism, and urged to assail that of
■which they know nothing, I hope that he will rise
and tell them how mean a spirit, how corrupt a
purpose, and how empty are the declarations
which have provoked them to this madness. Let
him tell them, as he told the Senator from Ver-
mont, when he referred to the introduction of
these resolutions, that it is a convenience to get up
resolutions of the sort when a Senator is to be
elected. I think, sir, this would be far better than
any constitutional argument, or, if such thing could
be supposed there, than any southern address
which could be delivered. I think it would recall
the patriotism and the justice even of the Senator's
own constituency to a sense of their folly and rash-
ness—recall them from their wild war upon the
rights of others, and cause them to reflect how far
they had been made the unwilling instruments of
mere demagogues, seeking to elevate themselves at
their expense and the expense of the country, by
means of exciting their jealousy and passion.
But the Senator makes another declaration which
surptises me—not being very well informed in re-
lation to his private history—that he is not a mem-
ber of any of those associations which are opera-
ting in the North against the institutions of the
South, and that he knows nothing of them. I am
glad to hear it; and can now understand his decla-
ration, that he knows of no associations for the
purpose of printing incendiary publications, to be
circulated at the South. We do know it, and it is
strange that he does not. Why, sir, the New
York Anti-Slavery Society sends out more publi-
cations, I believe, thas the Senate of the United
States. They are sent not only into the southern
States; but, sir, that society has printed numerous
publications for the express purpose of circulation
in California; and the purpose has beenavowed, by
means of agents and publications gratuitously dis-
tributed, to prevent slavery from being admitted
into the constitution of California. Not only this,
but they are associated in close affiliation with
similar societies m Great Britain and Scotland.
They acknowledge the contributions of those so-
cieties to be applied to these very objects for which
they are laboring, according to their own reports.
It is very strange that we, who stand so far on,
should know so much more in relation to these
matters than the Senator from New Hampshire.
Yet, sir, I am glad that it is so—that such is the
fact—because it exonerates the Senator from New
Hampshire from much of that culpability which
we had heretofore assigned to him.
Mr President, I always enter into the discussion
of the slavery question with feelings of reluctance;
and only because I am forced into it by thoscwho,
having nothing to do with it, nevertheless indecent-
ly interfere in our domestic affairs here, I have
done so. Sir, it is a melancholy fact, that morn-
ing after morning, when we come here to enter into
ihl business of the Senate, our feelings should be
harrowed up by the introduction of this exciting
and profitless subject, and we be compelled to listen
to insults heaped upon our institutions. Sir, ther
is no man who comes here to represent his con
stituencv for high and useful purposes, and who
S upon himsllf the obligation of his oath to
maintain the Constitution of the United States, who
could thus act, from day to day, for the purpose
of disturbing the useful legislation of the country
—for no other purpose than to insert another brand
nto the flame which every reflecting, sober man
now sees-threatens to consume the fabric of our
Government. We of the South stand now, «3 we
have always stood, upon the defensive. We raised
not this question; but when raised, it is our duty
to defend ourselves. For one, sir, my purposes
are to keep down this species of excitement, both
here and at home. I know the temper of those
whom I represent, and they require no promptings
to resist aggression or insult. I know their deter-
mination. It is well and defeply taken, and will be
shown when the crisis comes. They make no
threats against any one, and least of all against the
Union, for which they have made such heavy and
continued sacrifices. They know their rights,
while they feel their wrongs; and they will main-
tain the one, resent the other, if it may be, will fire-
serve our constitutional Union ; but the Union
without the Constitution they hold to be a curse.
With the Constitution, they will never abandon it.
We, sir, are parties to this Union only under the
Constitution, and there is no power known-in the
world that could dictate to my little State a Union
in which her rights were continually disrespected
and trampled upon by an unrestrained majority.
The present generation, sir, will maintain the char-
acter their fathers won. They well know how to
sustain the institutions which they inherited, even
by civil war, if that be provoked. They will
march up to this issue, and meet it face to face. ^
This is our position; you have not respected it.
I know yours, and cannot respect it; and know-
ing it, I came to this session of Congress with
melancholy forebodings—with apprehension that
it might be the last of our Government. I still
trusted, however, in the intelligence and patriot-
ism of the masses, for 1 have long since said that
I put no faith in politicians. 1 feel that they have
raised a storm which they cannot control. They
have invoked a spirit which they cannot allay, and
dare not confront. And yet 1 believe that the de-
scendants of the Franklins, the Hancocks, and
the Adamses, if they saw our institutions about
to be destroyed by a mean and captious exercise
of the power of demagogues to press to a fatal ex-
tremity aggressions upon our rights by the North,
would rise up in their strength, and would enforce
the justice and obligations of the Constitution.
This is no indication of any confidence which I
put in their representatives; with them 1 am ready
to meet this issue face to face; and if the represent-
atives of that people think proper to sow the
seeds of dissension, and to inflame the passions
and prejudices of one section, whilst they drive
the other by every possible provocation to the
point of civil war, then all I have to say is, that
the representatives of the South, true to their con-
stituency, are prepared to meet the issue here and
now. If this is to be the hot-bed of civil war, if
from this as a center the evil is to radiate through-
out our country, here let the first battle be fought!
If gentlemen come here constantly to press upon
us, strip us of our rights, to move the people of
one section of the nation to hostility against the
other, I hope that those who have brought the
country to this crisis will meet the first test.
Mr. President, it is no part of the business of a
southern representative here to deliver panegyrics
upon the attachment of his constituents to the
Union. We have proved our love of the Union
and our devotion to it too often and too long to
require such declarations. Let those who feel
that it may be doubted make their declarations of
fidelity to the Union; we have nothing of the kind
to do. If the State of Vermont chooses to send
to the Senate of the United States insulting resolu-
tions relating to her sister States, let the Senators
and'Representatives of that State do their duty m
relation to them; and as I say nothing against a
sovereign State, I will only say to those Senators
that I regret that Vermont has not now such con-
stitutional scruples as actuated her in the war of
1812, and that she does not keep her resolutions
within her own limits, in this war of aggression,
as she attempted to keep her troops during that
war. . ,
I regret that I shall have to part with many
friends with whom I have uniformly acted in the
Senate, upon the motion, now pending, to print
these resolutions. I would agree to print them,
however offensive they might be, if the State had
sent them to the Senate. The State has a right to
speak to the Senate, and be heard. But I accept
the argument of the Senator from Georgia, which
has improperly, as it seems to me, been called
special pleading, that they are the property of the
Senators to whom they are directed, and I perceive
no obligation requiring them to-have been placed
before the Senate. They are instructions addressed
to them, with reference to their own duties, and
might just as welt remain in their own pockets as
to lie upon the table of the Senate. I hold them
to be unjust, to be untrue, offensive, insulting,
treasonable to the Constitution; and I will not en-
dorse them by my vote. I have thus briefly stated
my reasons.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not mean to be driven
again into this discussion. And I believe I should
content myself with repeating what I said the
other day, that if any man has met this subject,
troublesome, vexatious as it is, with a feeling of
coolness and deliberation, it is the Senator from
Vermont; but some charges have been made from
which I desire an opportunity to vindicate myself.
I do not wish to go into the discussion now,
but, after the remarks that have been made by the
Senator from Mississippi, I feel it a duty which I
owe to myself, as well as to those whom I repre-
sent, that I should present my vindication. And
if the Senate will indulge me until to-morrow, as
it is now late, I will endeavor to do so in as brief a
manner as possible.
The subject was passed by informally accord-
ingly.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Ordered, That the petition in the case of Willinm R.
Campbell, George Myers, and John Kiucart, be withdrawn
from the
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Ru-
fus Dwinell, asking compensation for damages
sustained from a non-performance by the Post
Office Department of a contract for carrying the
mail; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate calling for a return of the petition and papers
of Horace Southmayd & Son to the Senate; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print ihe
memorial of certain citizens of Ohio asking that
a portion of the debates and proceedings of the
Senate may be printed in phonetic character, re-
ported against printing the same; which was
agreed to. .
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Con-
nelly, of Arkansas, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
map of the Valley of Mexico and memoir of Lt.
Smith and Capt. Hardcastle, of the United States
Topographical Engineers, reported that the com-
mittee had considered the same, and reported the
following resolution:
Resolved. That the imp of the Valley of Mexico, by L'eut.
Smith and Cant. Haidcastle, of the United States 1 opo-
eraphical Engineers, he engraved, tinder the directum ot Ine
Topographical Buteau, and, with the accompanying me-
moir, be printed loi the use of the Senate.
Resolve:!, farther, That there be printed tvvo thousand
extra copies tor the use oi the Senate, and Ave hundred
extra copies for the u.se of the Topographical Bureau.
The report was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate a'djourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, January 11, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to.
  7 That lonve be given to withdraw the papers m
Resolved That Wive g fiies <)f ^ H &nd
Satl?saL?'b?'reTred'to the commmee of Claims.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House this morning is the election of a Clerk
