12S&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 38.
—whether correctly or not, he should not under-
take to decide, nor did he think that the House
coald decide. Subsequently the Secretary of the
Interior, and probably the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, believed that this money had been erroneously
carried to that fund, it was then drawn out and
appropriated to the use of the Government—not
squandered—not expended upon illegal or unau-
thorized objectsi—not expended contrary to law,
but to pay a debt due by the Government of the
United States. What, then, was there in the
whole case? it might be tound that the money
hid been properly transferred to the surplus fund
of the United States, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury was mistaken in supposing it to have
been improperly transferred there. It might be
that the money had been erroneously drawn out
of that fuud, but he (Mr. R.) had not heard any
gentleman say that it had been squandered, or ap-
plied to the payment of any invalid claim, or with
any impropermotive. He admitted the necessity of
h-olding the officers of the Government to a rigid
accountability; he admitted the necessity of strict
regulations in the transaction of the public business.
But was it necessary that a select committee of
investigation should oe raised } Not at all, in his
judgment. The Committee of Ways and Means
could pursue the inquiry as well and quite as ef-
fectually. Or the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, whose duty it was to examine into the state
of the several departments, and to inquire whether
the public moneys had oeen expended conforma-
bly to law, might be instiueted to inquire into the
mutter and report the facts to the House; in fact,
it was their peculiar business to look into all such
matiers as these. A resolution had been mtio-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SSweet-
ser,] to investigate the charge growing out ot tnis
transaction. The gentleman declared that he
made the charge against the Secretary of the
Tieasury m his official capacity—ihat he did not
make it against him in his private capacity. But
suppose an impeachment should grow out of it,
would not the Secretary be pumsheu in his private
character for his otKcial acts? it reminded him of
the language which had been attributed to the
Pope in regard to a certain dignified character who
combined in his own person the attributes of Gen-
eral and Cardinal. On being arraigned for some
act which he had done, he replied that he had
done it in his character as Genet at arid that that
had nothing to do with his character as Cardinal.
To which the Pope replied, M if the devil gets the
soul of the Geneial, what will become of the soul
of the Caidinalr" and I cannot, (continued Mr.
R.,) in the present case, see precisely the distinc-
tion which is attempted to be drawn, nor the effect
of it. I cannot see that it amounts to anything.
The mover of the resolution disclaims any impu-
tation upon the Secretary of the Treasury. To
my mind, the language of the resolution does
clearly convey such an imputation. But there is
ad.fierence of opinion as to what the import of
the language is, and that of itself, to my mind, is
a sufficient reason why the vote should be recon-
sidered in order that the phraseology of the reso-
lution may be made significant and plain.
Something has Oeen baid about the sensitiveness
of gentlemen on this Mde of the Hoube. i do
not know upon what ground the gemleman from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] should impute any such feel-
ing to me, m connection with a charge made upon
the Secretary of the Treasury, i have never
spoken to that gentleman, (Mr. R. was understood
to sjy.) So far as he discharges his duty to the
country with fidelity, I will go for htm. If that
officer does anything that is wrong, I will as
reaiiiy vote to investigate that matter, and to
punish him, as I would give a similar vote in the
case of any other man—no more, no less. Per-
sonally, i have no feeling in the matter. I do not
care a straw about it. But respect to myself, and
respect to the body of which 1 am a member, le-
quues that I should not act rashly, and that I
should not mete out to the Secretary of theTreas-
u y a less measure of justice than that wnich
s ould be meted out to any other honorable man.
I hope that the vote will be reconsidered; and that
if any resolution is to ue adopted, it shall be
a Jolted delioeraiely, so that all may know pre-
cisely what us impoit is. For my own part, 1
have voted for all these investigations, i have
voted for them under the last Administration and
under this. Whensver a charge is put in $ proper
form—whenever there is good reason to believe
that there is matter requiring investigation, I shall
be in favor of it.
i comply with the wishes of many gentlemen
around me, by moving the previous question. He
subsequently withdrew the motion.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, had the law read,
which authorized the President, upon application
of certain heaUs of departments, to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to draw from the Treasury
certain surplus money of unexpended appropria-
tions, and then he argued that, whether this money
was legally or illegally drawn from the Treasury,
it was doubtless done under the direction of trie
President, and the inquiry should be broad enough
to cover the whole case. However, (Mr. McL.
said,) he consideied that the whole subject was
properly befoie the Committee of Ways and
Means, and after the statement of the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi,-he was disposed to
reconsider, and instruct the Committee of Ways
and Means to report to this House the result of
their inquiries. Mr. McL. examined at length
the obligation of the House to proceed with any
inquiry upon the responsible statement of a mem-
ber ot this House without requiring him to expose
his sources of information, and dissented altogether
from the positions taken by the gentleman from
Louisiana on this point. He acknowledged the
right of a member to make his charges without
disclosing his pi oof or his sources of information.
Upon tins question lie entertained no doubt; but
the statement of the gentleman from Mississippi !
disclosed a totally different state of facts. .Nothing ,
remained for this House but to direct that gentle- j
man to proceed with his inquiries, and report the j
result thereof to this House. ;
Mr. TUCK, said: Mr. Speaker, this Congress:
will be regarded as peculiar ior several things, and
among otheis, for the number of chaiges of inai- j
feasance &nd misfeasance, made against the Cao- j
met ot* the present Executive, and against other ,
office* s under this Administration, i must be per- )
miUed to say, that it 1 were to judge from the
manner m which these numerous charges are made
and followed up, and not from the character of
gentlemen as they are known in private, i should
conclude that certain members believed it morally
impossible to administer the disbursement of j
public money without yielding to the temptations
to dishonesty and peculation, J. am unable to
conceive ot any fair standard of decision, by
which men can t>e so swilt-footed to impeach the
motives, and to attack the honesty of individuals
occupying high official ?tation.
The last important investigation which origin-
ated m this undue readiness to charge dishonesty,
was the laborious investigation in legard to our
Doorkeeper. That investigation was pursued to
us end, on solemn charges made by a member
against Mr. llorner, and resulted in the manner
we all know. The committee, on that occa-
sion, considered with appropriate formality, what
"James" had said to another page at the cake
table," and whether Mr. Horner had not corruptly
discharged him; and the whole pioceedings weie
laid on the table, on the motion of a paitioular
tnend of the member who made the original
charge, who gave as a reason for the motion he
made, t.iat it was 44 too small business." i think,
jf this huuject should be pursued, it would end in
becoming too small business" ior oui considera-
tion with due regatd to belf-respect.
The resolution whica it is proposed to reconsid-
er, is in bad taste, indicative of a bad spirit, and is
unjust towards the Secietary of the inteiior. 1 will
not argue this question; if a man cannot detect its
warn of good tuste, and its actual injustice, with-
; out one word of comment, 1 &hail despair uf ever
convincing him on that subject. As i understand
the facts, as now confessed on all sides, the whole
enor, it any exists, is an eirorin book-keeping,
and nothing more or less. The country has lost j
no money, and no person has gained any. i '
cannot propose to dispose of this charge, by calling |
it too small business," but i will do the next
best thing in my power, and will cail for uie pre-
vious question.
Mr. iiNUE moved that the motion to reconsider
i be laid upon the laoie.
Mi. VINTON lose to make an inquiry of the
Chair. If the motion to lay on the table the mo-
tion to reconsider should be agreed to, would the
investigation (he asked) go on?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
should be laid upon the table, the resolution stands
passed and the investigation will go on.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. SWEETSER asked the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were refused.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative, without a count.
So the House decided that the motion to recon-
sider should not be laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
(on the motion to reconsider) was ordered to be
now taken.
Mr. SWEETSER. asked the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 125, nays 57; as follow:
YEAS—M>K«rs. Alien, Anderson, Andrew®, Ashmun,
Baker, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie,
Breck, Brigirs, Biooks, Burrows, Chewier Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Calvjn, <Ja:?ey, Chandler, Clarke, Clinj.'irmn, Colo,
Conger, Conrad, Coiwin, Ciowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dim-
miek, Dixon, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evan--, Nathan
Evans, Ewimr, Fowb'r, Guldmgs, Gilmore, Gomliuiow,
Goit, Gouid, Grtnrtell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Ilaym .nd,
Hebard, Henry, lljlltard, Hulladay, Houston, Howe, Hunter,
Joseph W. Jackson, William T.Jackson, Jann-s L. Johnson,
Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. Kins, George G. Ki-ttr, James G.
ting, John A. King, Preston King, La S£re, Leffier, Horace
Maui!, Job Mann, Marshall, Marte<on, McDowell, Mc-
Gauuhey,McKi-e.oek, Robert M Mi-Lane, Finis E McLean,
Meaeham, Milison, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Nes, Oi?le, Orr,
Oil?, Outlaw, Pitman, Eeed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbing,
Rockwell, Root, Ro.^e, Rum^ey, Sackett, Scherinerhom,
Schoolcraft, Seddou, Shipper d, Silvester, S paulding, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. S'anton, Sief>on, Strong,
Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, William
'i hornpson,Thuiimn,Toombs,Tuck, Underbill, Van D\ke,
Vinton, WaJdo, Walking Wellborn, White, Williams,
Wilmot, Wilson, Winilnop, and Woodward—1-25.
NAYS—Messrs. Albeitson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bcale,
Bi^ell, Bowhn, Boyd, Buel, Joseph Cable, Gcoige A.
Caldwell. Carttor, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Oolcoek,Daniel,
Disney, Edmund-ori, Feathfr.-'ton, Fitch, Fuller, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, isliam G. Kan is, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, lloaglund, Howaid, Hubbard, Inge,*
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Liltlefielii,
McClernand, McMullen, MeWilhe, Meade, Morn*, Olds,
Parker, Peaslee, Pottet, Powell, Richard-son, Robinson,
Ro s>, Savage, Sweeter,Thomas Jacob Thompson,Walden,
Wallace, Wildrick, Wood, and Young—57.
So the resolution was reconsidered.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. SWEETSER said he had no personal
feelings in this matter. As he had already an-
nounced to the House, he had from the beginning
no pride to subserve m the course which he had
taken. He had moved the resolution puiely in
discharge of a public duty, believing that the use
of this money, which—it seemed to be admitted
on ail hands—was fiom the stirplus fund, had
been^without authority of law. Inasmuch as it
had been the pleasure of the House to reconsider
the resolution, some of his political friends differ-
ing with him m respect to the course which he had
puisued, he had but a single remark to make. On
yesterday, when he had offered the resolution, he
had desired to make the explanation which he had
made to-day—to give the information upon which
he had ttcted, as far as it was proper to give it, and
to state his views of the piopriety of offering the
resolution—he had been called to order. He now
rose to offer a modification of the resolution which
! he had yesterday moved; and he now slated to the
i House and the country, that had he known that
i this matter had been brought before the Committee
! of Ways and Means—such was his confidence in
| that committee—he would have left it to them with
] pleasure. He had no desire—being a junior mem-
! ber of the House—to figure before them in any
i matter where public duty did not require his action.
! He abated naught fiom the full force of the resolu-
tion which he had offered in the first instance, if
this country was to be governed by law; if the
House of Representatives 
Mr. CAR ITER interposed, and inquired if
there was any question before the House t
The SPEAKER replied, that the question re-
curred upon the adoption of the resolution, which
S was the pending question.
' Mr. SWEEFkER (continuing) said that this
House, being charged by the Constitution and
laws with the custody of the public moneys, he
conceived that whenever any member had inform-
ation which induced him to believe that there
had been a misapplication of the public money, he
would be derelict to his duty if he did not bring
