1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For Mr. Washington—Messrs, Ashmun, Bowie, Breck E
C. Cabell, Conrad, A. Evans,Grinnell, Houston, Kerr, Mor-
ton, J. B. Thompson, Toombs, Wilson, Holmes, and Slien-
per«l. ' 1
For Mr. Dow-Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Joseph Cable,
Cleveland, Doty, A. Johnson, Peck,and Waldo.
Shckeli—Messrs. Alien, Durkee, Giddings. Ju-
han, P. King, R ot, Wilmot, and Tuck. .
For Mr. Mower-Messrs. Brooks, Clark, Owen, Rey-
nolds, Kusley, Rumsey, Taylor, Underbill, and Wilson.
„ ,?r ?od8elJ—Messrs. Alston, J. P. Caldwell, Mar-
shall, Williams, Anderson, and Gentry.
01ds,raMWOTd.bridge_MeSSrS'l0aner>' Disney> Morris>
For Mr. Fletcher—Messrs. Fowler, Schenck, and Wia-
throp. 3
For Mr. Adams—Messrs. Crowell and Phoenix.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. CABLE now withdrew the name of Mr.
Dow.
In doing so, Mr, C. said, it was proper he
should remark that he had presented the rmtne of
that gentleman without consultation with him, and
that the nomination did not meet hi3 approval.
JVfr. ALLEN nominated Jacob Bigelow, of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER withdrew the name of Mr. Wal-
bridge.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, withdrew the
name of Mr. Moorhead.
The roll was called the second time. The tellers
reported that 214 votes had been given in; neces-
sary to a choice 108; of which
Mr. Lane received 88
Mr. Giddings  61
Mr. Washington 18
Mr. Moras  14
Mr. Bigeiow    7
Mr. Rodgers  g
„ Mr. Walbridge  6
Mr. Dow  6
Mr. Mower  4
Mr. Fletcher  2
Mr. Adams  1
Mr. Shekel]  1
mi
The following is the vote in detail:
214
For Newton L<im;—Mes-ara. Albeitson, Avereit, Bay,
Bayly, Bcale, Boe<">ck, Bowrton, Bowlm, Boyd, Albert G,
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, George A. Cald-
well, Howell Cobb, W. K. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dun-
ham, Edmundson. Ewmp, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Ger-
ry, Gilmore, Gorman, Gretn,Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Isliam G. Hams, S. W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hams, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holliday, Hubbard,
Inge, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La SSre, Lef-
fler. Littlefield, Job Maun, Mason, McClernand, McDonald,
McDowell, Eobert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Wiliie, Meade, Miller, Morse, Oir, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps,
Pottei, Powell, fiichardson, Robbing, Robinson, Ros?, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton. Stetson, Strong, Thomae,JacobThompson, Jame^
Thompson, William Tbojnpson?Ver>abl^, Walden, Wallace,
Weliborn, Whittlesey, Woodward, and Young.
For Sentei M. Giddings—Mess-n#. Alexander, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Brings, Burrow*-,, Chester
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clmg-
inan, Cole, Conrad, Corwm, Deberry, Dixon, Duer. Dun-
can. Fowler. Freedle.v, Goodenow, Gould, Halloway, Hamp-
tn'i, Hay, Hrbard. Howe, Hunter,Darnel P. King, George
<?. King, James G. King, John A. King, Mattepon, Mc-
(rau^hev, McKissock, Finis E. McLcan, Moore, Ogle, Otis,
Outlaw! Pitman, Putaam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, iloek-
well, Ro^e, Ruiii&ey, Sciekett, Scbermerborti, Seboolcmft,
Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Alexander H. Stephens, Tbad-
dens,Steven^ Thurtnan, and White.
Foi Mr. Washington—Messrs. Ashmun, Bowie, Breck,
JG. C. Cabell, A. Evan-i, Grinnell, Henry, Holme?, Houston,
J. I,. Johnson, Kerr, Morehead, Stanly, J. B.Thompson,'
Toombs, Wilson, Motion, and Shepperd.
For Mr. Mors?—Messrs. Brooks, T. B. Butler, Clark,
Conger, N. Fvans, Gott, Milliard, Hotace Mann, Marshall,
Meacham, Newell, Owen, Vinton, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Billow—Messrs. Allen, Durkfe, Guldmgs, Ju-
lian, Preston King, Wilmot, and Tuck.
For Mr. Rod?eis—Messrs Alston, Dickey,Gentry, Hay-
monti, Watkins, and Williams.
For Mr. Dow—Messrs, Booth, Caiter, Cleveland, Andrew
Johnson, Waldo, and Perk.
For Mr. Walbridge—Messrs. Bingham, Disney, Doty,
Morris. Olds, and Wood.
For Mi. Mower—Messrs. Ncbon, Phcemx, Taylor, and
Underbill.
For Mr. Fletcher—Messrs. Campbell and Schenck.
For Mr. Adam«~Mr. Ciowell.
For Mr. Shokell—Mr. Root.
No choice.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN,, the House
then adjourned till to-morrow.
NOTICES FOR LEAVE TO REPORT BILLS.
By Mr. BOWIE: A bill giving the assent of the United
States to an act of the General Assembly of Maryland,
passed at the December session, eighteen hundred and forty-
four, chapter two hundred and eighty-seven, relating to the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company. ™iauns 10 ^
th?yJ!Si^?0,?E: £ bitl "To discourage speculation in
the public lands, and to secure homes thereon"to actual
settlers and cultivators,." ♦
Mx. CROWELL gave notice thatou to-morrow or some
subsequent day of the session, he would ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes. '
PETITIONS, See.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred:
ByJMr. BRfGGS : The memorial of Sarah Ann Hart and
others, for relief from claims on security of her husband,
who was purser in the navy arid was lost
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition ot the heirs of Joshua
Eddy. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of Amos Austin, praying
for a pension for injuries received while in the service 01 the
united States 111 the last war with Great Britain. Retened to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The memorial pf a com-
mittee ot the town of Chelsea, for the removal of the Maune
Hospital to land owned by the United States in said Chelsea.
Also, ttie petition ot Jonathan Gardner, wounded in the
war ot 1819, for the benefit of the privateer pension fund.
Also, the petition of Charles Colburn, for the payment of
his wages for the term ot his enlistment on board the United
States ship Ohio.
By Mr. COLE: The petition of H. S. Dansmore and
others, citizens of Wisconsin, asking for the establishment
of a mail route from Mineral Point, Iowa county, via Sin-
den, Wingville, &c , to Prairie du Chien, Crawford county
Wisconsin. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of the present and late registers and
receivers of the Mineral Point Land Office, praying
an increase of compensation to said officers for the location
ot land watiarits. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. ALBERTSON: The petition of Slinson Cox and
thirty-two other ciuzen3 of Posey county, Indiana, pray-
ing; the pa^sdgeol a law granting bounty lain} to theotficers
and soldier^ of the Indian wars and of the late war with
Great Britain, and to the widows and children of such offi-
cers and soldiers wno have died.
Also, the petition of A,iron Lewis and 153 otheis, citizens
of Gibson county, Indiana, praymg the passage of a law
graating bounty land to the officers and soldiers of the In-
dian wars, and of the Idle war with Great Britain, and to
the widows and children of such officers and soldiers who
have died.
Also, the petition 0/ Richard Weathers and 164 others,
ciuzmis of Crawford county, indiana, prajing the passage
of a law granting bounty land to the officers and soldiers of
the Indian wars, and of the late tvar with Great Britain, and
to the widows and children of such officers and soldiers
who have died.
On the 7th instant the Speaker appointed Mr.
Hilliard of Alabama, Mr. Colcock of South
Carolina, and Mr. Fitch of Indiana, on the part
of the House, as the Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 12, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER? The first business 111 order is
the election of a Sergeant-at-arrus.
[Several voices : •' Call the roll."]
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen appointed as
tellers are requested to resume their seats.
Mr. VINTON rose and said that he had yester-
day presented the name of Mr. Morss as a candi-
date for the office of Sergeant-at-arms. He would
n'ow, with a view to more harmonious action, with-
draw the name of that gentleman.
So the name of Mr. Morss was withdrawn.
The tellers, Messrs. Thompson of Kentucky,
Sackett, Parker, and Harris of Tennessee, re-
sumed their seats at the Clerk's table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that there be
a call of the House; and on that motion asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 62, nays 133.
So a call of the House was refused.
REPORT OJS COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
Mr. Mc-WILLIE, fiotn the Committee on Print-
ing, asked leave to make two reports.
The SPEAKER said that reports from the
Committee on Printing were always in order.
The first report was then read, proposing to
print ten thousand copies extra of the report from
the Treasury Department of the statistics of com-
merce and navigation.
The SPEAKER (to Mr. McWilue.) Does
the gentleman desire that these reports should be
acted upon at this time?
Mr. McWILLIE. Yes, sirv
Mr. CONGER desired to inquire of the gentle-
i man from Mississippi [Mr. McWilue] what
would be the cost of these documents? He (Mr,
C.) believed that the law under which the com-
mittee was appointed required that they should re-
port the cost.
Mr. McWILLIE said he would remark that, in
the present state of the matter, it would be impossi-
ble to say precisely what the cost of printing ten
thousand extra copies wpuld be. There would,
however, be no charge for composition. The
charge would simply be for paper and press-work,
as the type had already been set up for the print-
ing of the usual number, independent of extra
copies. He supposed there would be no objection
on the score of expense. The document was a
very important one, and it had heretofore been the
practice to print this extra number of copies.
Mr. FOWLER desired to know distinctly what
the report was. He had not been able to hear.
The SPEAKER stated it was the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on commerce and navi-
gation.
Mr. FOWLER hoped (he said) that the report
would be adopted.
Mr. CONGER said he should persist in his ob-
jection to the adoption of the report until the com-
mittee had reported the cost.
The SPEAKER said that, under the rules of the
House, it was in order for the Committee on Print-
ing to report at any time. The subject-matter of
the report was a question to be determined by the
House.
Mr. CONGER said that during the whole time
occupied by the House in the election of a Cleric,
he (Mr. C.) had understood the Speaker to have
j ruled all such questions to be out of order.
1 The SPEAKER said the Chair had ruled that
I all questions were out of order, except such as
j were expressly provided for by the rules—such,
j for example, as reports from the Committee on
| Printing. That committee might report at any
I time. There was a rule of the House expressly
! to that effect.
i Mr. CONGER referred to the case of a report-
proposed (he said) to be made the other day from
the Committee on Engraving, when he had under-
stood the Chair to decide that the report was not
in order, and that it could only be received by
unanimous consent. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Thompson] objected, and the report
went over.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conger] was under a misapprehen-
sion as to the facts of the case. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Hammond] made a report
from the Committee on Engraving, That com-
mittee, like the Committee on Printing, was au-
thorized by the rules to report at any time. When
objection was made to the consideration of the re- -
port, the gentleman from Mai^la nd/ who intro-
duced it, stated that, he merely desired that the
report should be received and laid upon the table,
with a view to being taken up and acted upon
hereafter. The report was received, notwithstand-
ing the objection which had been made.
Mr. COiVGER said he had but one word to add.
The law under which this committee acted re-
quired them, whenever they reported in favor of
printing any document, to report also the cost
of the printing. He protested against ordering
the printing of this or of any document until
the committee should comply with this provision
of the law. He therefore moved that the fur-
ther consideration of the report be postponed until
Monday next
Mr. McWILLIE said he would state that there^
was a general contract under which the printing
j of the House was executed, and until the type
j was set up, it was impossible to determine with
1 precision what would be the cost of the work.
! The committee had ascertained it as nearly- as, in
j the present state of the work, it was practicable.
The document would constitute a volume of some
250 or 300 pages; and if they deferred ordering
extra copies until the ordinary number were print-
ed and delivered, the House would be burdened
with the extra cost of composition; whereas, if the
extra copies were now ordered, that cost would be
saved, and there would be only the charge for the
paper and press-work. He would state also that
the peculiar kind of composition required for this
document was of the most expensive character.
He was very anxious that the House should not
be burdened with the expense of eomposition for
the extra copies, and the object would be effected
