THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY J O fTiV C. RIVES.—'TERMS #3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 20, 1850.
New Series.... No. 78.
the matter before the House, and demand an in-
vestigation—let the blame fall where it might.
He repeated, had he known that this matter had
been before the Committee of Ways and Means,
he should not have moved in it. He now felt no
mortification that the vote was reconsidered; he
was relieved by it, *of a dutywhich would have
been very unpleasant to him, and the senior mem-
bers of the House, and the political friends of the
Secretary of the Treasury, would be gratified that
the matter was to he investigated by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. He had made, no war
upon the Secretary of the Treasury, or upon the
Administration, in the discharge of public duty, he
knew no man in regard to his public acts, except so
far as they were performed in the honest discharge
of his duty; and he submitted tq the House and to
the countiy, that there had been exposures enough
in regard to the conduct of this Administration, to
induce its supporters to pause before they attempt-
ed to inculpate men in this House, who differed
from them in political opinions. He had no
charges to withdraw; he sfood by the resolution
which he had offered, in us full extent. He dif-
fered entizely with the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane,] find with the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] in the views which they had
taken ot the question. He agreed with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that the resolution did
impute serious chaiges upon the Secretary of the
Ticasury; he admitted that jf it were true that
money had been drawn from the Treasury without
■authority of law not only, but in direct violation
of law, and that while Congress was in session, it
did involve a grave, a serious responsibility, for
which the Secretary of the Treasury should be
held to account. Although there was a law which
required the President to give the orders for the
drawing of money, he had directed his resolution
to the Secretary, and not to the President^ as it
had not been shown that the President had had
anything to do in the matter, and as he under-
stood that it seemed to be agreed on all hands,
that they should not inculpate "old Zack," for
the acts of his high public functionaries. He had,
therefoie, directed his lesolution immediately to
the Secretary, who, he had good reason ta believe,
had acted in direct violation of law, and of the
fundamental principles of the Government, in ref-
erence to the administration of the public moneys.
He lepresented a constituency who did not ask
of him to blink any question of this kind, and he
believed that even the Whigs of his district, if he
was satisfied that there had been a misapplication
of ihe public money, a usurpation of legislative
power on the part of the executive officers, by
diawmg money out of the Treasury without au-
thority of law, would justify him in the step which
he had taken.
He sent to the Chair a modification of the reso-
lution, wh.ch he would offer, to refer the whole
matter to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The proposed modification was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means he m-
Striictfd to examine and ii^ceriam whether the deoreuiy ol"
the Treasury has di.iwti by wairuut a huge amount of mo-
ney front tne "suiplus fund" without authority of Jaw,
which had accumulated to said fund under tlie piovunons
ot the act ot Congress ol 1795, trotn appropiiations made for
the Florida Indiana, and tor other puipoae:?, under various
specific appropriation^ made by Congte-s sdnoe 1830; and n
such vvariaut or warrants have been drawn m conformity
vyith law, then that they shall repurt what law or Jaws.
Mr. S. said he concurred in the suggestion which
had been thrown out by gentlemen on the other
side of the House, that the matter properly be-
longed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
And he hoped that some gentleman would propose
an amendment to his modification, so that the sub-
ject might be referred to that committee.
Mr. CHANDLER said, he had prepared a res-
olution, which he proposed to submitas a substitute
for the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
He did this, not because, as a personal friend of
the Secretary of the Treasury, he had any dispo-
sition to evade any inquiry which could be insti-
tuted into his official conduct. He did not wish
to shrink from any latitude of investigation into
78
which gentlemen might desire to travel, or to limit
them in the most enlarged views they might in-
cline to take of the subject. He congratulated
honorable gentlemen on the other side, on the ex-
hibition of those good feelings which they shared
with all honorable and high-minded men, of any
and every party, and which always were called
into action when men, standing in a distinguished
position before the country, were relieved from
injurious and ungrounded charges alleged against
them. But it appears that some gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber felt, and had expressed,
surprise that we should have been at all desirous to
draw out any member of the Administration from
beneath this imputation of crime which had been
cast upon him. While, on the other side, there has
existed a wild and morbid disposition to invent ac-
cusations against every member of the present Ad-
ministration, and to the creation of committees of
investigation, they seem to suppose that there is a
consciousness on our part of the justice of their
charges, which shows itself in the sensitiveness
we exhibit. Gentlemen who come to this conclu-
sion, have greatly deceived themselves, and will
doubtless be ultimately forced to the conclusion
that we have no cause for concealment, no reason
founded on a consciousness of guilt for eluding an
investigation out of which we must come forth
with clean hands. But if there be no reason on
that score, to shun these investigations, we ought
to show some desire to keep our distinguished
men as free as possible from the stain which always
results from the imputations of guilt. The impu-
tations themselves may be satisfactorily repelled,
but the mark remains. Charges against public
men are invented and sent forth through the
country to poison and prejudice the public mind,
and it is a long time before truth, traveling slowly
on her crutches, can overtake the falsehood. And
thus it is that characters, the most pure and ex-
emplary, may be destroyed by the breath of an
obscure or altogether unknown slanderer.
He did not intend to charge bad motives against
the gentleman from Ohio, who hud brought for-
ward this accusation, but he could not acquit him
of bad taate in originating this movement. All
he (Mr C ) asked in behalf of the Secie-
tarv of the Treasury was, that the whole subject
should be inquired into. There could be no ap-
prehension as to the result in this case. The high
character of the person assailed placed him above
the reach of his assailants. But it was deeply to
be regretted that by the sanction given by this
House to such a course of proceeding, an encour-
agement is held out to those who have an instinct-
ive hatred of distinguished talent. Scores of
charges could be set up Hy any one who may have
a personal pique to gratify or a persona! wrong to
aven«re, and introduced here, through a member of
this House, without any foundation in truth, and
committees appointed to search cut for testimony,
and by this very process, a stain would be fixed on
the most virtuous character, which not all the wa-
ters of the Potomac could wash away. .
And, after all this getting up of a committee,
armed with power to send for persons and papers,
it turns out, from the explanations made during the
debate, that this whole matter is merely a question
concerning legal construction. The only question
is, whether the Secretary of the Treasury has
transferred funds from one branch of the service
to another, and whether, in doing this, he has
transcended the power vested in him by law. This
is a question which could be easily answered.
Some gentlemen have assailed the Secretary of the
Interior, and others think it is only the Secretary
of the Treasury who is criminal. No one seemed
disposed to assail old Zack. He would like to see
any one attempt to make him responsible for any
act which was characterized as unlawful. He
doubted not that the accuser would receive a
prompt and decisive answer to the charge.
He would now move to amend the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio, by striking out all after
the word " resolved," and inserting the following as
a substitute:
"Retolvid, That th# Secretary of the Treasury ba re-
quested to report to this House an account of all sntns of
money which may have been taken (if any) from the, surplus
fund, which had accumulated to said fund under the provis-
ions of the act of Congress of 1795, from appropriations
niade tor the Florida Indians, and for other purposes, under
vatious specific appropriations made by Congress."
The SPEAKER. A resolution was offered to
raise a select committee, and it is proposed to
amend that resolution by adopting an amendment
which calls upon one of the departments for inform-
ation. The Chair holds that a resolution calling
for information, belongs to a different class of busi-
ness altogether from the othei resolution; and there
are rules of the House, containing provisions in re-
spect to resolutions calling for information, which
do not apply to other propositions. One of these
provisions is very important. It provides that a
resolution calling for information, must lie over,
and that it cannot be considered on the same day
on which it is offered. The resolution now pend-
ing is in order; but the moment the Chair enter-
tains the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandleb,] and that amendment is
brought before the House, the House must stop
in themidstof ihe proceeding, and the resolution
calling for information must go over. The Chair
gives this illustiation to show that a resolution
calling for information is never in order to a res-
olution of the character of that now under con-
sideration. There is also another difficulty in th8
way. The rule of the House declares that these
resolutions calling for infotmation shall never be
considered on the same day on which they are
offered. That rule would be null and void, if such
a resolution could be brought in by way of amend-
ment. And the rule which requires calls for in-
formation to lie over one day, would thus, in
effect, be abrogated.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, suggested to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,]
to put his amendment in the form of instructions.
In this form it would be in order.
Mr. CHANDLER addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER said the floor belonged to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
Mr. MEADE said: Mr. Speaker: i could with
more patience listen to lectures from the other side
of the House on courtesy and propriety, had I
not been a member of the last Congress. When
Mr. Polk was Piesulent, and the Wligs had a
majority here, the code which they recommend
now to us, had then no existence. We had to list-
en to, and bear with their assaults, in the shape of
resolutions and otherwise. Then, sir, those who
now affect decency and propriety, seemed to act
in utter forgetfulness of those virtues to which
they have always affected an exclusive right. The
vote which hasjust been taken surprised fne no lit-
tle. The Democracy have been sometimes called the
unlerrified Democracy, the lion-hearted Democracy.
But it would seem now they were emulous of the
virtues of the lamb, and have been driven from
their propriety by the stringent lectures of their
opponents. When the resolution which has just
been reconsidered was offered, i might have con-
sented to any reasonable modification (provided it
did not change its purpose) which the tender sen-
sibilities of the party in power might have de-
manded. But, sir, we have, In the course of this
debate, learned from members of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that money has been un-
lawfully taken from the Treasury and expended.
That committee, as agents for this House, are the
peculiar guardians of the nation's purse.
It is their business to examine the condition of
I the treasury, and report bills of appropriation,
within its means. They discovered that money-
had been unlawfully subtracted, and wrote to a
member of the Cabinet for an explanation two
months ago. He has never condescended to re-
ply to that letter He stands out in contempt of
thts House, and because this House proposes, in
a more peremptory way, to investigate the mat-
ter, the friends of the Cabinet complain of want of
courtesy, and my honorable friends from Mary-
land and Louisiana, in their tenderness, yielded to
the pathetic remonstrance. Now, sir, though 1
might have done the same thing; before these uis-
