1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
closures, I shall not now consent to a simple reso-
lution of inquiry; for inquiry has already been
made, and up to this time refused; not by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, it is true, but by a mem-
ber of the same household, both of whom is con-
nected with the transaction sought to be inquired
into. It is the duty of this House, and every
member of it, to protcct the treasury of the nation,
and I do not admit the doctrine that we must have
incontestable proof before we institute an examin-
ation. it must be remembered, we are in the op-
position,and have not the privilege of free ingress;
the doors are closed upon us, and if we have
g >od grounds of suspicion, it is not only our i ight
but our duty to go and ascertain if all is right.
Men are often arrested upon mere suspicion of
felony. Those who have charge of the Govern-
ment, and treasury of the people, should at all
times be ready for examination. They should be
like Cecsar's wife, not only innocent, but above
suspicion. And when there is even a whisper
against them they should be the first to court in-
quiry.
INow, sir, it is not my purpose to insinuate
even, that anything has been corruptly done by
either Secretary; but that something has been un-
lawfully done is very evident, and an explanation
has been refused. Were this not the case, I
should have been perfectly willing to couch the
resolution in the most courteous terms; consult-
ing for that purpose the new code which our
friends, on the other side, have been lately read-
ing. i do not regard the original resolution as
imputing anything dishonest or corrupt to the
Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. CONRAD rose and addressed the Ht>use.
His remarks were imperfectly heard by the re-
porter. He was understood to say that he, for
one, had voted for the adoption of this lesoluiion
yesterday, and, unlike some other gentlemen who
had spoken on the subject, he had not done .so
either in haste, or through inadvertence, ot be-
cause he had not comprehended the character and
bearing of every featuie it contained. He had
voted for it because he thought that it did contain
serious, grave charges against a distinguished
officer of the Government, lie had supposed that
the charges had been made on the responsibility
of a member of this House, who had all the testi-
mony before him, and who would not have intro-
duced a resolution of tins criminating character
unless he had such proofs m his possession. What
was this lesolution? What did it charge? He
would read an extract:
" Reared, That a special committee of five members of
this House be, and the <ue In'rehy, appointed, with
power to c.xiiiiiint: and aseoit.un whether Un* Seen'taiy of
ihe Ti^asory lia;> not used, or appropriated a larye amount
of money from the ampins final, without auiboiity of
law," &.c.
it was an indirect charge, certainly a strong in-
sinuation, that the Secretary had used a large
amount of the public money. .Now he put it to
the House whether the resolution authorized any
other construction than that the Secretary hud
used this money. Gentlemen who had spoken
on the subject had regarded it as involving this
serious and criminal charge. He had voted for it,
because he was well assured not only that there
could be no foundation for it in fret, but that on
investigation into the truth of the allegation would
result in the triumphant vindication of the fcjecie-
taty from so unfounded an imputation.
He had voted for it for another reason. He
v-Ued for it because he knew that every unfounded
charge of this character recoiled on its author.
He knew that the Secretary would come out of
any such investigation without a stain on his
character, and he was willing, if the Secietary
was found innocent, of the charge made against
him, that the member who had made it should be
compelled to find some explnnation, which, in the
opinion of the House and the country, would be
sufficient to justify him for bringing it forward.
He felt some little regret that the resolution had
not been permitted to take the regular couise.
Fact*5 had leaked out. accidentally, which showed
that there was no ground for any impeachment of
the official conduct of the Secretary. The charge
was brought forward in the most serious form,
the committee was to have great powers vested
in it, and public expectation was raised, that some
most portentous fraud was about to be developed.
The gentleman from Ohio, who had a remarkably
keen scent for everything like fraud, was to be at
the head of that committee, and nothing which
was likely, in any way, to expose the anticipated
criminality of the Secretary,* was likely to escape
him—and h"vv has it all lesuked ? The mountain
has brought forth nothing, and all this great labor
and effort has terminated in the partmition of a
ridiculous mouse. It has turned out that ail that
expectation of the genius of the gentleman from
Ohio, out of which was to emanate this great
committee, armed with extraordinary powers to
send for persons and papers, involved nothing be-
yond an inquiry whetner it was competent to the
Secretary of the Treasury to draw from the sur-
plus fund a sum improperly placed there, and to
apply it to the wants of the public service. The
subject, too, had already been before an organ-
ized committee of the House, and had been acted
on by that committee, and was still pending be-
fore it.
Mr. SWEETSER, (Mr. Conrad yielding for
explanation.) I assert positively that 1 did not
know that the subject had bten brought under the
consideration of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. CONRAD (resuming) thought that'.bis ex-
planation gave a still wbrse complexion to the
character of the resolution. The gentleman then
had brought forward the charge on the authority
of some unknown individual.
Mr. SWEE TSER (interrupting) begged to ask
the gentleman from Louisiana if the whole import
of the resolution had not been admitted in the
discussion which had taken place? He considered
that the whole had been clearly substantiated. He
would not withdiaw a single point in ihat resolu-
tion. The Committee ot Ways and Means had
the subject before it, and the history of the trans-
action attested the troth or the chaige so far as it
was contained m the resolution.
Mr. CONRAD (resuming) expressed himself
somewhat at a loss to reconcile the conflicting
statements of the gentleman from Ohio. He had
emphatically disclaimed any^lesign to cast any
imputation on the character of the Secretary. 1
(said Mr. C.) have asserted that he did. After all
the fuels had come out in the discussion; after it
had been declared that the Committee of Ways
and Means had looked into the matter, and appro-
priated the money to replace whut %vas drawn
fiom the surplus fund, he comes forward and says
he did not mean to impeach the conduct of the
Secretary. And now he comes forward and de-
clares that he docs not withdraw a single allega-
tion which is c mtumed in his resolution.
Mr. SWEETSER (Mr. Conrad yielding the
(loor) expiessed a hope that the gentleman from
Louisiana did not intend to put a wrong construc-
tion on what he had said. He would now repeat
that the charge was, that the Secietary had with-
drawn a ccitain amount from the surplus fund,
and had appropriated it in violation of law. He
had imputed this act to him in his official charac-
ter as Secretary of the Ticasury,and had said that
it was done without authority of law. And has
he not done so ? it had been said that there are
other cases in which similar illegal drafts had been
made on the suiplus fund. 11 had been brought
before the Committee of Ways and Mean?.
Mr. CON RAD (iesumin£) said n appeared from
the gentleman that the Committee of Ways ut.d
Means had already befote it those facts which it
was the obiect of his special committee, armed
with power to send for persons and papers, to ob-
tain The gentleman admitted this tact. JNow if
appeared that the whole matter is a question con-
cerning a construction of law, and the subject
would be more approoriately referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee. The gentleman said the whole
information was before the Committee of Ways
and Means. How did it get there? The gentle-
man had alluded to some clerk. Was it an actual
clerk, or an ex-e'erk ?
Mr. SWEE TSEft denied that he hod said any-
thing about a clerk. He protested agamst the
ri^ht of the gentleman from Louisiana to put these
questions to him. If the subject had been permit-
ted to go to the select comrm.cce, tiie whole matter
would have beer, invosi'^ed.
Mr. CONRAD said, it might have been another
gentleman who stated something about a clerk.
He did not pietend to know from what source
the gentleman or the Committee of Ways and
Means got this information.
Mr THOMPSON, of Mississippi, explained*
that he had addressed a letter to the Secretary, to
which no answer had been received.
Mr. CONRAD expressed surprise that the sub-
ject should have come before the committee and no?
one seemed to know how.
Mr. THOV1PSON (Mr. Conrad yielding) said,
he had understood the gentleman from Louisiana,
as stating that the matter had been-investigated by
the Committee of Ways and Means. It was not
so. The subject came up incidentally while the
Indian appropriation bill was under consideration,
and then it was discovered that some money had
been appropriated out of the surplus fund. It
then became necessary to make an appropriation
to reimburse that fund.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland,interposed. The
letter was not answered. The proper course, in
his opinion, was to instruct the Committee of
Ways and Means to report the answer when it
should be received.
Mr. CONRAD assented to the correctness of
this suggestion.
Mr. SWEETSER said he intended to move a
resolution to that effect.
Mr. CONRAD said, he would only further oc-
cupy the time of the House while he congratula-
ted gentlemen and the country on this effectual
movement to arrest a practice of investigating by
a committee raised for the special purpose, the
truth of every out-door whisper which reached;
the ears of members of the House. It had be-
come quite a faice; and no practice could be more
productive of mischief than this anxiety to im-
peach the conduct of every member of the Ad-
ministration, without any proof of any impro-
priety, He rejoiced that there should hcive been
found gentlemen on the other stdeof the Chamber
so magnanimous as to induce them to break
through party trammels rather than to sanction in-
justice to a, distinguished officer of the Govern-
ment. He made some reference to the remarks of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] on the
change in the character of the Democracy, fiom
the lion to the lamb, and stated that this practice
of hunting up food for the moibid appetite for
slander and detraction, had moie in it of the char-
acter of the jackail. If he had not been misin-
formed of the political couise of that gentleman,,
he once belonged to the Whig party, of which lie
is now disposed to speak in terms of censure.
Mr. MEADE. -The gentleman from Louisiana,
1 perceive, is not very familiar with my political
history, it is true, sir, 1 have been a member of
the Whig party, and voted once for a Whig presi-
dential candidate who was under pledges. For
my sins, or rather errors, I have asked and re-
ceived the forgiveness of the Democracy of which
I was a member in the.days of the hero of Ot leans,
for whom my first two presidential votes were
given. The gentleman will remember I expressly
exempted the Secretary of the Treasury from any
corrupt motives
Mr. CONRAD concluded with expressing a
hope that the gentleman had no weightier sins on
his conscience. He appealed to that gentleman
whether, with his high sense of honor, he would
be calm if such a resolution was directed against
hun. He thought the facts ought to be examined
into, and if anything improper had been done, the
repetition should be guarded against, by some legis-
lative action. His objection to the lesolution was,
that it eliminated the Secretary in the first pl<>ce,
and then sought for a committee to ascertain
whether he had been criminal. He was of opin-
ion that a resolution calling on the Committee of
Ways and Means to report the reply fiom the
Secretary when it should be received, would be alt
that was required.
Mr. MASON, of Kentucky, obtained the floor,
but yielded for the moment to
Mr. CHANDLER, who modified his amend-
ment, to lead as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
striH'u'd to procure and to repoit to this Huu-h an account
ot all sums of money which may havf- hem taken (i au>)
trom the surplus fund winch had aceumufat* d to >,ud fund
under tiif pM>vis.ions of the act of Congas of 179.>, from
appropriations made for the Floruit lining and tor other
purposes, under various specific appiopriations made 'by
Congress.
The amendment,, as modified, having been read—
Mr. MASON, resumed the floor. He had
no desire, (he said,) to throw any embarrass-
ment about this question. If there had been
a mistake, and gentlemen chose to vote upon it,
