140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
by now ordering them before the type was dis-
tributed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said it was
true, as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Conger] observed, that the law required the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the cost, or the prob-
able cost, as well as the propriety of the printing.
As to the propriety of printing this document, he
supposed there was no doubt^as it had been cus-
tomary for years past. He would, however, suggest
to the gentleman from Mississippi, that he consent
to defer the consideration of the report until Mon-
day next, by which time the committee would be
able to report the probable cost, so as to satisfy
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conger,]
and the House.
Mr. McWlLLIE signified his willingness to
yield to the suggestion, and to accomplish the ob-
ject, moved that the' report be recommitted to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to amend
the motion to recommit, by adding instructions
to the committee to inquire into the probable ad-
ditional expense of binding the document.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment by instructing the committee further to in-
quire into the propriety of reducing the proposed
number of extra copies. This document, he said,
was an exceedingly expensive one, consisting of
tables of figures, the composition of which was
of the most expensive character. It was a docu-
ment, he supposed, of some value in the commer-
cial cities, but for the interior sections of the coun-
try it was, as far as he was informed, of very little
importance. He would have been very happy to
have given the copies which he had received for
the last four years to any gentleman who would
have taken them. He had never had ten called for
from his whole clistrict. It might be that coming
from the interior of the country he underrated the
value of this document. At any rate there could
be no harm in instructing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of reducing the number, so as
to supply only those particular points or sections
of the country where they might be called for.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, made a re-
mark to Mr. Schenck, which, from his turning
his back to the reporter, was entirely lost at the
desk at the Speaker's left. He was inferred to
have alluded to the value of the document upon the
Atlantic border, the lake coast, and all the com-
mercial points.
Mr. SCHENCK replied, that he doubted.not
that it was a document held in peculiar importance
in commercial districts upon the lakes—certainly
upon the seaboard and in the principal commer-
cial cities. The only question with him was,
whether it was worth while to tax the whole coun-
try for the printing of ten or fifteen thousand copies
of an exceedingly expensive document,- of a very
limited demand and circulation. He would not
insist upon his objection, however; he only gave
notice that gentlemen might have all his copies.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio move the amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move the amendment
only inquiring into the expediency of decreasing the
number of extra copies; and let it be voted upon.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Thequestion recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Stephens—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said, before that
question was put, he desired to say a word. He
was glad that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] had made the motion. If gentlemen
would examine the history of the documents pub-
lished by order of Congress, for the last several
yeais, they would find that they involved very heavy
expense to very little profit. Thereason tohis mind
was obvious: the two Houses had published heavy
documents and sent them out to the country in
sheete, and that was the end of them. Very few of
the ten thousand documents now proposed to be
published would ever be of any service at all if they
were sent out in sheets. It would be better, infi-
nitely better, that they should reduce the whole
number, and send out the few that were published
in a substantial, enduring; form.
He did not, however, like that portion of the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Georgia which
looked to the binding of these sheets m cheap form.
If they were worth printing by order of Congress,
they were woxth binding in substantial form, fie
wanted to see the published documents of Con-
gress put in positions where they could be referred
to in after times, and an end put toHhe public doc-
uments going into the grocery stores of Washing-
ton to be used as mere wrapping paper, which, as
was well known to nearly all the old members, had
been the practice in former years. How should
this be accomplished? Let them publish as many
as they thought proper—let them be bound in sub-
stantial form and deposited in places where they
wopld be read in times to come. The few docu-
ments they bound and sent away should be placed
in State libraries, and in other public libraries and
offices, where they could be consulted by the pub-
lic. He ventured to assert that, of the thirty or
forty President's messages and accompanying doc-
uments which were annually sent out in sheets by
each member, not more than three were preserved
in any Congressional district, (that was the case
in his,) for the reason that, in that form, they were
not considered worth preserving. But if they
bound them in strong, substantial binding, every
society, every library, eveiy individual who re-
ceived them, could preserve them. He was glad
to make these remarks in reference to this docu-
ment, which contained some portions of a very
extraordinary character, but which was still worth
preserving.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, said that, concurring
in the remarks of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] he would propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, by in-
structing the committee to inquire not only into
the expediency of binding this document, but all
the documents of over (say) 100 pages, which
were published by order of the House.
The SPEAKER said, the impression of the
Chair was that such an amendment, having refer-
ence to documents generally, would not be in order.
Mr* CABELL said he had intended to give his
reasons for the amendment he had suggested, but
as it was ruled out of order, he of course was de-
prived the opportunity of making any remarks.
Mr. STEPHENS said, he would barely say
that the first convenient opportunity, when it was
in order, he would move to instruct the Committee
on Printing to inquire into the expediency of bind-
ing all the documents published by order of the
House; at this time, however, he had contented
himself by proposing an inquiry by the committee
into the expediency of binding this document.
In reply to the remark of the gentleman from
Mississippi that he would have the binding in
substantial form, he (Mr. S.) would say, that by
cheap binding he meant such as that of the Patent
Office report of last year, the expense of which
was but ten or fifteen cents per volume.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, expressed his
entire disagreement with the idea of the gentleman
from Georgia that similar binding to that of the
Patent Office report would be sufficient for this
document. That binding (he said) was worth
nothing at all. It did not preserve the documents
one year. He would have these documents bound
as the Congressional Globe was bound—in half
binding, with substantial leather backs; for what-
ever was worth doing, was worth doing well.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he was sat-
isfied that the committee should have all these sug-
gestions. For one, he would be satisfied with such
binding as that of the Patent Office report, which
cost some ten or twelve cents. He wished, how-
ever, the whole matter to go to the committee.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr Stephens, and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if it would be compe-
tent to amend the motion of reference by providing
for an increased number. He said he believed
10,000 copies would give each member only some
forty or fifty.
The SPEAKER stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the motion to recommit. That mo-
tion had been amended by directing the committee
to inquire into the expediency of the binding of
the documents. The further inquiry proposed by
the gentleman from Delaware would also be in
order, if the gentleman moved such an amend-
ment. It was, however, in the opinion of the
Chair unnecessary, as without this amendment the
committee would have the whole subject before
them, and could report in favor of printing a larger
number if they saw fit.
Mr. ROBINSON, remarking that he was afraid
this question would consume the whole day, and
that he was opposed to printing the report at all,
moved to lay the whole subject on the table.
The question was taken and disagreed to.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
The question recurring on the motion to recom-
mit the report with the instructions already agreed
to, was taken and decided in the affirmative.
So the report was recommitted.
COAST SURVEY.
The second resolution reported by Mr. Mc-
'Willie, was then read, asking the printing of the
report of the superintendent of the coast survey.
Mr. CONGER moved that this report be recom-
mitted, with instructions to the Committee on
Printing to. inquire as to the cost of this printing.
The SPEAX^ER stated, that the committee had
reported the probable cost.
The Clerk read that part of the report in which
it was estimated that the probable cost would be
about $150.
The question being upon the adoption of the
report, was taken and decided in the affirmative.
So the report of the Committee on Printing was
agreed to.
The House then again proceeded to vote viva
voce for the election of a Sergeant-at-arms; the
same gentlemen as announced yesterday acting as
tellers.
The roll was then called—being the third time.
The tellers reported that 205 votes had been given
in; necessary to a choice 103; of which
Mr. Senter M. Giddings received 86
Mr. Newton Lane   .86
Mr. George C. Washington ....   9
Mr. Hiram Walbridge 8
Mr. Jesse E. Dow 6
Mr. Arthur W. Fletcher.... 5 *
Mr. John A. Rodgers 3
Mr. Jacob Bigelow  1
Mr. Richard R. Shekell  1
205
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Giddings—Messrs. Alexander, Andersop, An-
drews, Maker, Bennett, Bokee, Brings, Brooks, Burrews, C.
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwe,
Calvm, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cole, Conger,
Conrad, Corwin, Crowe!!, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Hampton, Hay,
Raymond,-tiebaid, Henry, Howe,v Hunter, Daniel P. King,
George G. King, James 6. King, Juhn A. King, Matteson,
McGaughey, McKissoek, F. E. McLean, Meaclmm, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson. Neweil, Ons, Outlaw, Own,
Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ri.sley, Rock-
well, Rose, Rumsey, SacKeu, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Sheppeid, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, John B. Thompson,
Thurman,Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, White, and Wilson.
For Mr. Lane—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Avereu, Bay,
Rayly, BissfH, Rocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albeit G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, G. A. Caldwell,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Dimmick, Dunham,Edmundson.EwmgjFeatheraton, Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackftt, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Jsham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Iiolhday,
Hubbard, Inge, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sdre,
Leffler, Littlefield, J. Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald,
McDowell, R. M. McLano, McMullen, McQueen, Miller,
Morse, Orr, Parker, Pea&lee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Rohbins, Robinson, Ross, Sawtelle, Seddon, F.
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood-
ward, and Young.
For Mr. Washington-—Messrs. Ashmun, Breck, A. Evans,
Houston, James L. Johnson, Keir, Marshall, Taylor, and
Wmthrop.
For Mr. Dow—Messrs. Beale, Booth, Cleveland, Andrew
Johnson, Peck, and Waldo.
For Mr. Walbudge—Messrs. Bingham, Joseph Cable,
Carter. Disney, Doty, Morris, Wilmor, and Wood.
For Mr. Fletcher—Messrs. Campbell, Grinnell, Billiard,
Horace Mann, and Schenck.
Foi Mr. Rodgers—Messrs. Watkins, Williams, and Al-
ston.
For Mr. Rigelow—Mr. Durkee.
For Mr. Slfeckeil—Mr. Root.
No choice.
The roll was then called the fourth time. The
tellers reported that 209 votes had been given in;
necessary to a choice 105, of which
Mr. Giddings received 104
Mr. Lane 8D
Mr. Walbridge  9
Mr. Dow    5
Mr. Shekell  X
Mr. Bigelow  1
I 209
