1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
The following ia the vote in detail:
For Mr. Giddings—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Anderson, Andrews, A.shmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee,
Breck, Buggs, Brooks, Uurrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B.
Butler. E. Harrington Cabell, J, P. Caldwell, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Con-
rad, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Dur-
kee, A. Evans, N. Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Goodfnow, Gott. Gould, Grinnellj Halioway, Hamp-
ton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, J. L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, Geo.
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, H. Mann, Mar-
shall, Matteson, MeGaughey, MeKissook, F. E. McLean,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
On*, Outlaw, Owen, Phosmx, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds?, Ridley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sehenck,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding,
Sprague, Stanly, A. H. Stephens, T. Stevens, Taylor, John
B. Thompson, Thurinan,Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, Watkms,
While, Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr. Lane—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayl}', Beale, Bisscli, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Al-
bert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Geoige A.
Caldwell, Williamson R.W.Cobb, Howell Cobb, Colcock,
Daniel, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Feath-
ercton, Fitcli, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green,
Haekett, Hall, Hamilton, Haialson, Harlan, lsham G.
Han is, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Holhday, Hubbard, Inge, Robert W. Johnson,
Jone«, Kdufiritin, La S6re, Lodler, Littlefield, Job Mann,
Mason, McCI«jriiand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan,
Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWiiJie, Mil-
ler, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Richardson, Robbing Robinson. Ross, Savage, Sawtflle,
Seddon, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood-
ward, and Young.
For Mr. Waibridge—Messrs. Bingham, Joseph Cable,
Carter, Disney, Doty, Morris, Wilrnot, Wood, and Olds.
For Mr. Dow—Messrs. Booth, Cleveland, Andrew John-
son, Waldo, arid Peek.
For Mr. Bicelow—Mr. Preston King.
For Mr. Sliekell—Mr. Root.
No choice.
Mr. JONES moved that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion (he said) the asked
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER proceeded to ascertain whether
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES withdrew his motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, renewed it,
and asked the yeas and nays.
But Mr. T. withdrew the motion. .
Mr. SWEETSER renewed it, and asked the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were asked and ordered on the yeas and
nays, and Messrs. Kaufman and Corwin were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the vote stood:
ayes 19, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays, on the motion to adjourn,
were refused.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
McMullen and Ogle were appointed.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 41, noes 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Cries: " Cail the roll."]
Mr. BOYD rose and said, that he withdrew
the name of Doctor Newton Lane as a candidate
for the office of Serjeant-at-arms.
So the name of Doctor Lane was withdrawn.
The following gentlemen were then nominated:
By Mr. Walden—Iliram Walbndge, of New
Yoik. . .
By Mr. Riciiaudson—J.G. Flood, of Illinois.
By Mr. Cobb, of Alabama—Jesse E. Dow, of
the District of Columbia.
By Mr. Strong—A. J. Glossbrenner, of Penn.
By Mr. Hamilton—Roderick Dorsey, oi Ma-
ryland.
Mr. KAUFMAN. There are several gentle-
men absent on our side of the House. In order
that we may have a full attendance, I move that
there be a call of the House, and, on that motion,
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
now to move that the House adjourn?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
tellers on the motion to adjourn.
Thev were ordered, and Messrs. Stevens or
Pennsylvania and Waldo were appointed. ^
The question was then taken, and decided m
the negative—ayes 65, noes 133.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Kaufman,] that there be a call of the House; and
on that question the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (to the Speaker:)
Is it in order now to move that the election of Ser-
geant-at-arms be postponed until Monday next?
The SPEAKER. That motion will not be in
order pending a motion for a call of the House.
The question, Shall there be a call of the House?
was then taken, and decided in the negative—yeas
65, nays 133.
So a call of the House was refused.
[Cries: " Call the roll."]
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the House do
now adjourn; and on that motion he asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that as gentle-
men on the other side of the House seemed deter-
mined to adjourn, he hoped that the call for the
yeas and nays would be withdrawn.
Mr. SWEETSER said, if the other side of the
House was willing to adjourn, he would withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CROWELL, (in his seat.) What do you
want to adjourn for ?
Mr. SWEETSER. In order to test the sincer-
ity of gentlemen* 1 withdraw the call 'for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have lpeen
ordered by the House, and the call can only be
withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER.. The Clerk will call the roll.
Miller, and others, of Maine, for indemnity for French spo-
liations prior to 1800. Referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
By Mr. .HOWE: The petition of Thomas Anderson and
102 others, citizens of the counties of Venango and Clarion,
Pennsylvania, asking tor the establishment of a post route
from Clarion, in the county of Clarion, to Tionesta, in
the county of Venango. Refened to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PHCENIX: A memorial of merchants and others,
in the city of New York, to refund the duty on merchandise
destroyed by the fire in July, 1845. '
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of Stewart & Barr, and
others*, praying indemnity for French spoliations, &c. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING: The petition of Elizabeth
Latting, heir of Jacob Latting, deceased, praying indemnifi-
cation for French spoliations prior to 1800. Referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. DOTY: The.petition of many citizens of the
county of Mamtoowoe, for an appropriation to improve the
harbor at the mouth of the Mamtoowoe river. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of O. B. Lapham and others, praying
the establishment of aaiaii route from Jane^ville, via Deer-
field, to Columbus, in Wi>consm. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Harry Brown, Edaar Conklin, and
Joel S. Fisk, for compensation for entries made hv virtue of
military warrants, in the Green Bay land district, Wisconsin.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The memorial of the Merchants'
insurance companies, and others interested in the com-
merce and navigation of the country? in favor of deepening
the Northeast Pa*s of the river Mississippi.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of C. A. Trowbridge
and 200 others, for the construction of a canal around the
Fails of St. Mar)'s.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday. January 14, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON,-of Kentucky, submitted a
i ornnaisn. w.u ton resolution, which was agreed to, to take certain
Mr' SWEETSER^'iTwithTrEw'Vhe''motion'to 'J PaPers fr.0™ the fi,es of the House, m the case of a
private claim—(name not heard) --*1-,u 
adjourn.
Mr, BOCOCK and Mr. CARTER. I renew it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
And the question was then taken and decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that there be a call of
the House, and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PRESTON KING submitted to the Chair,
as a question of order, whether it was in order
thus to alternate the same motions—one being re-
newed as soon as the other was rejected ?
The SPEAKER said, that under the uniform
practice of the House, such motions were in order.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the House adjourned.
NOTICE FOR LEAVE TO INTRODUCE A BILL.
Mr. PHCENIX save notice-that he would, at an early day,
'ask leave to introduce a lull to return the duties on merchan-
dise destroyed by fire in the city of New Yoik on the 19th of
July, 1845.  
with the view of
iavina; them before the proper department, where
the claim could now be adjusted.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and said, that the time
for which the rules of the last House of Represent-
atives had been temporarily adopted, on the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] ex-
pired to-day. The committee to whom the subject
of the rules had been referred, made a report, (on
Monday last, he thought,) and that report had
been made the special order of the day for Thurs-
day last. He had not, however, moved to take
up the subject on that day, believing that the
House would have got through with the election
of its officers before the day limited for the opera-
tion of the rules of the last House had expired. He
would now move to postpone further action on the
order of the House concerning the election of offi-
cers, and that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the report of the Committee on Rules.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
postponement.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, was understood
to say, that unless the report of the Committee on
Rules should be acted upon to-day, the House
would to-morrow be in a perfect state of anarchy.
He thought, therefore, that the postponement
should take place, and that the report of the com-
mittee should be either affirmed or rejected.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair would suggest,
that unless the report of the Committee on Rules
should be acted upon to-day, the House would,
to-morrow, be without rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN desired to be informed by
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule : |
By Mr. HOLLIDAY: The petition of Charles (5.1.ayton, I
praying compensation for the value of the schooner "Albert j
Gallatin," captured by the enemy in the late war with Eng- t
land, while used as a transport vessel by the American troops :
in November, 1814 !
Hv Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Felix \ alhi, Francis ,
B. Valle, Jules Valie, Francis Itozier and Ziia his wife, and 1, Speaker whether by unanimous consent a mo-
Mftrv Valte, heirs, and legal representatives of John Rli*. j j - nQt ma(je to continue the rules of the
™h'mSrof ij 1 « H°Ve in4 ,f0'~ one ^VZIsl'to the
rnittee on Private Land Claims. I The SPEAKER said he would suggest to the
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of a large number of j! gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Glingmast,]
the citizens of Weakly and Obion counties, Tennessee, ; -h examination of the report of the com-
praving for a mail route from Dresden to Troy, Ohio., eoun- on an ex thought, be found that
ty, iiy the way of Mount Peiia. Referred to the Committee I mittee, It would, the onair tnougiu,.  
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BvMi. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Jacob
LIJIlLCl't 1U WVtKUj niv/ v*""*  i ■ A
very little time would in all probability be required
    . Ii to dispose of the report. There were but two or
Boston, praying for the passage of an act of Congress Riving ;; . materjal changes recommended.
him aireare of pension, to commence from the time his dis- ^ pt imrm'J'N «aid his imDrei
ability in the service was incurred.
II
Mr. CLINGMAN said his impression was,
Also' the"memorial of Jonathan Holmes and others, of [] that there were one or two changes recommended
Caihsle, Pennsylvania, asking indemnity for French spolia- ji won](j give rise to debate.
tions prior to 1800. |< M THOMPSONS', of Mississippi, expressed the
Mr. BURROWS: The petition of two hundred citi- |. ^ Mr. i HUiviioui , _ t  ^ 
zens
to sru     -
at the mouth of Eighteen Mile Cieek, m said county
ferred to the Committee of Commerce.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The petition of Jesse
Dunne, a citizen of Covington, Kentucky, prajmsz a pension
for military services rende e<l in the war with Mexico, and
for injuries received while firmg a salute.
By Mr. GOOPENOW: The petition of Sarah Nickels,
widow of John Nickels; Haunah Miller, widow ofThomaa
>ns prior u> icou. , r)jV[ fJStl i\ , OI mississi mi, caui cbbw *•«  ^
BvMr. BURROWS: The petition of two hundred citi- j. nf .he Ventleman from
„jns of ttie county of Niagara; New York,prayineCongress i hope that the suf^ vf wou]d be ac-
to "rantan appropriation (or the improvement of the harbor : North Carolina [Mr. Olingma^J wouia oe ac
at the mouth of Eiehteen Mile Cieek. ill said county. Re- | ..j a d that the rules of the last House would
again be adopted for a short period. He(Mr.T.)
was satisfied that there were several of the amend-
ments reported by the committee which would
give rise to debate, and he thought that the subject
might not be disposed of to-day.
