142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
Mr. VINTON ventured to predict, be was un-
derstood to say, from his experience in this House,
that if the rules should be adopted for another
week, they would be adopted altogether; that had
been the old mode. The rules of the last House
had, in the first instance, been adopted temporarily;
the House had gone on under them for a little
while, and had finally adopted them without any
of the amendments which were essentially neces-
sary. He thought that the report of the Commit-
tee on Rules might be disposed of to-day.
Mr. McLANE,. of Maryland, desired the
Speaker to state what the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] was.
-The SPEAKER said, that the gentleman from
North Carolina had not proposed any amendment.
He had suggested that, by unanimous consent, the
rules of the last House, as they now existed,
should be adopted until Monday next.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and objected.
The SPEAKER said that objection was made.
The question was not debatable.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired of the Speaker,
whether it would be in order to move a suspension
of the rules ?
The SPEAKER said, that a motion to suspend
the rules would not be in order until the motion to
postpone had been disposed of.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose, he
said, to a question of order. The first business in
order was the election of officers of the House, undet
the order of the House. So soon as that order
shall have been executed, the report of the Com-
mittee on the Rules would be submitted, and imme-
diately come up as a special order. If the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] should be adopted, the rules would be
taken up as the first business in order after the offi-
cers should have been elected. He hoped, there-
fore, that no objection would be made to the prop-
osition of that gentleman.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to inquire of the
Speaker whether it would be in order for him to
submit a motion such as had been suggested by
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
mas] ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion will not be in
order pending the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, suggested that
if the House should postpone the execution of the
order concerning the election of officers, and it
should be found that the House could not readily
pass upon the report of the Committee on Rules,
then a motion such as that suggested by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina might be adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND made a remark or two
(scarcely heard on the left of the Chair.) He
thought that there were several amendments which
would lead to considerable and protracted debate.
Mr. INGE inquired of the Speaker, whether, if
the motion of the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
KinrMAd] should be voted down, the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] could not
submit his motion r
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that a
motion to suspend the rules would be necessary
that the motion might be made.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Kaufman, and the affirmative vote was de-
clared to be ninety. '
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to in-
quire of the Speaker, whether the motion was a
motion to postpone to a day certain, or to postpone
indefinitely ?
Tiie SPEAKER stated that the motion was
simply a motion to postpone. That motion was
in the nature of a motion to postpone to a day
certain, and, under the practice of the House, the
business winch might be postponed was postponed
only until that for which it had given way was
disposed of. The business previously under con-
sideration would then immediately be resumed.
The question on the motion of Mr. Kaufman
was then taken and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 110, noes not counted.
So further action on the order of the House re-
lating to the election of officers was postponed.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the report of the Committee on Rules.
The Clerk will read the report.
The report was read.
Mr. SCHENCK put an inquiry to the Chair
which was not heard by the reporter; but
The SPEAKER said, that the adoption of the
first paragraph of the report* of the committee
would be the adoption of the rules of the last
House, subject to such amendments, or modifica-
tions, as might hereafter be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Either as reported by the
committee or as offered by a member?
The SPEAKER said, that such was the opinion
of the Chair.
The question then was on agreeing to the first
paragraph of the report of the committee, which is
in the following words:
"They [the committee] recommend the adoption for this
Congress of the standing rules of the House, as they existed
at the close of the last session, with the following amend-
ments thereto."
The question was taken, and this paragraph was
agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded, under the direction
of the Speaker, to read the amendments.
The first amendment- proposed by the committee
is to the following rule:
VOTE OF THT3 SPEAKER.
"13. In all cases of election by the House, the Speaker
shall vote ; in other cases he shall not vote, unless the House
be equally divided, or unless his vote, if given to tile mi-
nority, will make the division equal ; and in case of such
equal division, the question shall be lost."
To this rule the committee proposed the follow-
ing amendment: *
In the second line of rule 12, insert between the
words " not" and " vote," the words " be re-
quired to."
Mr. HARALSON said that, as he understood
the rule as it now existed, the Speaker, under cer-
tain circumstances, (that was to say, when his vote,
if given to a minority, would make the division
equal, or where the House was equally divided,)
was required to vote. The amendment proposed
to this rule by the committee, made it discretion-
ary whether the Speaker shotild give his vote or
not.
The SPEAKER said he thought the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] was under a mis-
apprehension.
Mr. HARALSON read the rule.
The proposed amendment (he continued) was
that the Speaker should not be required to vote.
The words " not required," to his mind left it dis-
cretionary with the Speaker whether he should
vote or not. If he was mistaken in this construc-
tion, he desired to be corrected. If he was not
mistaken, he was opposed to the amendment; be-
cause he could see no reason why it should be
adopted, or why the Speaker should not be enti-
tled to the privilege of voting under the rarely-
recurring circumstances mentioned in the rule.
Mr. JONES said, that the rule, as it now stood,
required the Speaker to vote in all cases of elec-
tion. In other cases, it provided that he should
not vote unless there were a tie, or unless his vote
would make a tie, so as to effect a result. Now,
the amendment of the committee was, that the
Speaker should not be required to vote unless there
were a tie, or unless his vote would make the di-
vision equal. The committee we're of opinion that
the rule, as it now stood, was not only unauthor-
ized, but that it was a violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It deprived the repre-
sentative of one district, in all cases of legislation,
unless his vote would determine the result.
Mr. HARALSON said, he found that he had
been mistaken in the construction he had put upon
the amendment.
Mr. JONES said, yes; and he hoped the House
would adopt the amendment.
Mr. WINTHROP said that, for one, he was
very glad that the committee had reported in favor
of this amendment. It was, in its general pro-
vision, and object, in conformity with the views
which he had more than once expressed during
the last session while he was in the position of
the present Speaker. He held that the rule of
the House thus far had been in violation of the
Constitution. It had attempted to deprive the
Speaker of this House of his right to vote under
| any and all circumstances; and the rule had been
j of such a character as was calculated to produce a
{ false impression upon the public mind in regard to
what was called the casting vote of the Speaker.
We had been accustomed to regard the rule as con-
ferring upon the Speaker of the House some addi-
tional right, privilege, or prerogative in regard to
his vote. We. had looked upon the casting vote
of the Speaker like the casting vote of the Vice
President of the United States, as something addi-
tional, given, conferred by the members of the
House upon him whom they had called to be their
presiding officer. He said this had been and was a
wholly false impression in regard to the casting vote.
They conferred nothing upon the Speaker of this
House in making him Speaker. They had taken
away from him, under the rules as they had hitherto
stood, the privilege of voting upon any and all oc-
casions—that privilege which belonged to him as
the common equal representative of a constituency
of eighty thousand; and they had said that he
might vote only in those cases which they had
undertaken to point out. They had therefore here-
tofore deprived him of privilege and prerogative,
while they had conferred nothing whatever upon
him. In this point of view, he was glad that the
committee had reported a rule providing that the
Speaker should not be required to vote except in
cases which were pointed out. He was sorry,
however, that the committee had not reported a
different phraseology in regard to these particular
cases. The rule, even amended as the committee
proposed, would not fully convey the idea which it
was intended to convey. They designed to say that
the Speaker of this House should not be required
to vote except in cases where his vote would change
the result. Now let him suppose a case—and he
needed not suppose it; it was rather history than
hypothesis; it was a case which had occurred du-
ring the last session, or the session previous. A
motion was made to lay upon the table, or to re-
consider, and the vote stood, (he did not recollect
the precise figures,) say 49 in the affirmative, and
50 in the negative. The motion was thus nega-
tived. But his vote, if given to the minority,
would have made an equal division—that was, 50
to 50, and would not have changed the result. In
other words, by using the phraseology reported,
and requiring the Speaker to vote, where his vote,
if given to the minority, would make the division
equal, he would be too often required where his
vote would not alter the result. If his vote had
been given upon the celebrated Pacheco case, with
the majority, the result would have been unaltered;
if with the minority the decision would have been
unaltered. Certainly it could not be in the contem-
plation of this House to provide that the Speaker
be required to vote where his vote would not
change the result. He suggested, therefore, to the
committee—and he hoped they would assent to it
-—that they should insert, that he (the Speaker)
should not be required to vote, except when the
House was equally divided, or when his vote
would alter the result. That would complete the
object which he understood the committee had
in view.
Mr. McLANE said, if he understood the pur-
port of the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, it was that this House had imposed this
disability upon its presiding officer. He (Mr.McL.)
very much desired that the amendment should go
to the whole length of the 12th rule, and strike out
that rule. The House would observe, in a note to
this very 12th rule, which would be found on the
44th page of the little book of rules, that a case
had occurred in the history of the legislation of
this country in which the Speaker of the House
of Representatives had claimed his right to vote
notwithstanding this rule, and that upon as striking
and decisive a question as a proposition of amend-
ment to the Constitution to change the mode of
electing the President and Vice President of the
United States. The vote in that case was, in the
affirmative 83, in the negative 42; yet the vote of the
Speaker was given and made the two-thirds vote
necessary to procure an amendmentof the consti-
tution, and it was by that vote the amendment
was carricd. Now it was because he concuired
entirely in the general scope of the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, because he believed
it to be an artificial, unjustdisability imposed upon
the presiding officer of this House, because he felt
that the presiding officer of this House should never
have attached to his character as Moderator and
Chairman, any functions superior to those of the
representatives of the people from every district,
—he was satisfied thst the honorable gentleman
would know and feel that in the historic character
of this rule, there was that to explain it which was
altogether inconsistent with the fundamental prin-
ciples of republicanism. He felt that it was assim-
ilating the presiding officer of this House to the
