sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
a certificate of the very honorable discharge he
received from his commanding officer, with whose
gi°;nature I am well acquainted. He asks of Con-
gress some remuneration for his services, in con-
sideration of their value and of his present desti-
tute condition.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial of citizens of
"Wisconsin, asking the construction of a road from
Green Bay, in that State, to Fort Wilkins, in
Michigan; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MICHIGAN ON THE COMPROMISE.
Mr. FELCH. I beg leave to present the pro-
ceedings of a meeting held at the capital of the
State of Michigan by members of a convention
now in session at that place for the purpose of
forming a new constitution forthe State of Michi-
gan. They relate to the compromise bill, as it is
called, and to the general principle of non-inter-
vention. The proceedings emanate from a body
of men of us high a character as any assemblage
ever held in that State. I ask for them the respect-
ful consideiation of the Senate, and that they may
be printed. I do not intend to he understood that
they are the official action of the convention as a
convention, but a very full assemblage, as 1 under-
stand, of members of that convention, friendly to
the compromise bill now pending.
I request the Secretary to re.id the resolutions.
The resolutions were read as follow:
Rcsolv d, That the great doctrine of Congressional non-
intervention in the domeMic legi&iation of the territories har-
monizes with the true spirit ot our mstmmoiis, and it> the
only platform upon which the Democratic party of the
Union can inaiuUiu its nationality a d its ascendancy.
Iie.ohe', That the general provision* contumrd in the
conipromi-e bill," now uuder consideration in the United
States Senate, ought to receive the sanction ol Conyre^.
The bi!! is conceived in as(.iutof harmony, its provisions
respect and preserve the rights ot the different sections (if
the Union ; and the tendency of its passage will be to allay
agit >tion, secure peace and tranquillity, and set at rest tlie
only question which tlneatens the stability of the Union.
Resolved, Thai.he DemocracyofMiehigan have witnessed
with unmingled and heartfelt pride, the patriotic t flo its of
our distinguished Senator, General Lewis Cass, in behalf
of the National Union. Placing himself in the breach .ind
stemming a current of popular prejudice and fanaticism. as
relentless and prosenimve in its? character as it is sectional
and destructive in its objects, he his achieved a moral tri-
umph no less creditable to himself than it is salntiry in its*
results upon the permanency ot our republican loriu of Gov-
ernment.
Resolved, That Hfnry Clay, who, in the evenin? of Ins
days, lias left the retirement which is congenial fo hi-de-
clining years, and become a pacificator m the difficulties
which divide the different sections ol the country, is entitled
to the thanks ofthe American people.
Mr. FELCH. I move that the resolutions lie
on the table and be printed. The motion to lie on
the table was agreed to, and the motion to print
•was referred to the Committee on Printing.
AMENDMENT IN THE PATENT LAAVS.
Mr. PRATT. I hold in my hand a petition
from a number of citizens of Maryland, asking a
change in the patent laws. Under the practice in
Maryland, and I suppose it is so in other States of
the Union, after a party supposes that he has ob-
tained a patent, and has erected machinery to carry
on the manufacture he has patented, it frequency
happens that some person, supposing there has
been a violation of an antecedently granted patent,
files a bill in chancery, and the court of cmmcery
issues an injunction, by which great injury is done
to the party supposing he has properly obtained a
patent. The prayer of the petition is, that the law
may be amended in this regard. I hope the Com-
mittee on Patents will take this petition in charge,
and prepare amendments to the bill now pending
before the Senate, before it shall come up again,m
accordance with the prayer of this petition.
The memorial was referied to the Committee on
Patents.
CORRECTION.
Mr, FOOTE. I rise to perform a rather pain-
ful duty, but one that I cannot well avoid. I have
had occasion heretofore to bear testimony to the
general accuracy of the reporters for the Intelli-
gencer, as well as for the Union. I certainly en-
tertain the same opinion of their general accuracy
as I formerly expressed. But 1 was misunder-
stood so grossly the other day in a few remarks
that I made, that I feel bound at once to correct
them, as it would place me otherwise in a ridicu-
lous position. I was saying to the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butler] that he had shown
himself to bs not a good " States-right" man, and
that the views which he had put forward were not
in accordance with his creed. I referred to the
well known incident, familiar to us ail, of Mr. Pitt
having said, after a tory dinner, in relation to Mr.
Fox, that he intended to " tm- Whig the gentleman
fop life." I am reported assaying " I recollect it
was said by a distinguished member of the British
Parliament, William Pitt the younger, that Mr.
Fox had made a speech, after he had gone home
to dinner, that he intended to vntoig him for life."
There are other important mistakes; but as I have
been kindly promised an opportunity of revising
my remarks to appear in the columns of the Intelli-
gencer to-morrow, I forbear to make further cor-
rections now. But I felt bound to protest against
this particular report, and to express my regret
that the reporters did not, as usual, furnish me
with the notes of my remarks.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant to
the State of Missouri a certain quantity of public
land for objects of internal improvement, which,
added to the quantity heretofore granted to this
State for that purpose, shall make it equal to the
quantity heretofore granted to any other State for
the same purpose, reported back the bill with an
amendment.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Fi-ederick
Dixon, of Jackson county, Iowa, asking remuner-
ation for wounds received in the late war with
Great Britain, submitted a report, which was or-
dered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for his
relip.f, which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred a petition of John W. Mount, asking an
increase of his pension for the loss of his ri^ht
eye in the late war with Mexico, submitted a
report in writing, concluding with asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was j
referred the petition of citizens of Clay county,
Indiana, asking that a pension be granted to the
widow of Thomas West, late a soldier in the war
with Mexico, submitted a report in writing, which
was ordered to be printed, asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Also, fiom the same committee, to which was
referred certain papers arid documents in aid of
the cleim of Famous Mortimer, for an increase of
pension, submitted a report in writing;, which was
ordered to be printed, asking to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Silas Chatfield, asking ar-
rears of pension, submitted a report in writing,
which was ordered to be printed, asking; to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill for the relief of William
Whicker, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill for the relief of Anna Griffin,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, explaining the acts of 17ih of
July, 1838, March 3d, 1843, and June 17th, 1844,
reported back the same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to w"bich was
referred House bill for the relief of Jacob Zimmer-
man, reported back the same with an amendment.
Mr JONES. The amendment is a trifling one,
and consists simply in making the pay commence
the 21st of April, 1848, instead of the first of Jan-
uary, 1850. The bill has been twice passed be-
fore, and lost in one or the other branch of Con-
gress for want of time. I am instructed by the
committeee to ask that the amendment be now
considered.
The morion having been agreed to, the amend-
ment was read,and the bill considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the amendment was
concurred in; and no further amendment having
been offered, it was reported to the Senate, or-
dered to a third reading, and read a third time and
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one day under the rules:
Rewh-ed, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to certify to tlie Secretary ot Hie Senate the amount which
Wm. M." Belt was entitled to receive tor punting ten thou-
sand copies of the opinions ot the Supreme Court ot the
United Starts, in the c ses Smith vs. Turner, and Norris us.
the cirv of Boston, under his contract, and that the Secre-
tary hp directed to retain fiom what may he due to the said
Win. M. Belt for other punting done by him loi the Senate,
the difference between what he was legally entitled to le-
ceivu and ihe ?um which he actually received.
DAMAGE BY MILITARY OCCUPATION.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded, as m Committee of the Whole,
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 231, for the
relief of George Poindexter.
Mr. KING. I wish the Senator from Missis-
sippi would state whether he knows of any in-
stance of a similar payment being made. We
have no information as to the degree of injury
sustained by this individual in consequence ofthe
occupancy of his land by the Kentucky regiment.
We have heretofore had some estimate 
Mr. DAVIS. A very brief explanation, I hope,
will suffice to satisfy Senators of the merit of the
claim. Troops, called for during the Mexican war,
from the State of Kentucky, were received and
mustered into the service of the United States, at
Louisville, Kentucky. When they arrived there,
(cavalry and infantry,) no tents were on hand to
shelter them if they went into encampment. This
want of camp equapage was the result of a want
of appropriation, and is, therefore, if a fault, one
which lies at our door—we, the Congress of the
United States. By permission of the agent having
charge of the property, these tioops were quar-
tered on a tract of land belonging to George Poin-
dexter, which is known as the Oakland race-course.
The sheds and stables on this property served to
shelter the men and horses, and formed for them
adesirabiecantonment. Soon thereafter, the owner
of the property, Mr. Poindexter, arrived,and ob-
jected to the occupation of it by the troops. Upon
an intei view with the commanding; officer, General
Wool, and the quartermaster of the United States
army on- duty there, he (Mr. Poindexter) agreed
that the troops might remain, for compensation, to
be determined by assessing the damage done to the
property when the cantonment should be aban-
doned. They remained, as it appeals by the evi-
dence on the table, under this understanding, and,
when removed, Mr. Poindexter called on three
gentlemen of high respectability, resident in Louis-
ville, to act for him m the assessment of the dam-
ages, (the quartermaster appointing no one on the
part of the United States.) Two of those selected
by the claimant met, examined the property, and
assessed the injury sustained by its occupation
whilst in possession of the troops. This award
was sent to the quartermaster, who then, with an
officer of great experience, visited the premises,
and expressed *the opinion that the award was
reasonable, and (it appears from the correspon-
dence accompanying the report) said to the agent
of the property thathe would have assessed higher
damages than the referees had done. But the con-
tract not being m strict conformity to the forms of
the quartermaster's department, it was submitted
to the Quartermaster General, with an explanatory
and recommendatory letter. The Quartermaster
General decided against the claim, because it inclu-
ded the question of damages for injury done to the
property, and, by the regulations of the army, the
commanding officer was made responsible for dam-
age done to private property by his command. It
seems, therefore, to have been a difficulty about
terms; for the damage alleged was the consequence
of the use and occupation of the property by the
troops.
The claimant has presented his case in language
ohjected to. Had he asked the same amount as is
now claimed in different terms, it would have been
paid, as appears from the letter of the Quarter-
master General, on presenting this case to the Sec-
retary of War during the present session of Con-
gress, in which he admits that the amount is but a
reasonable allowance for the use and occupation or
rent of the property; but that the claim, by pre-
senting the question of damages, involves a prin-
ciple which he deemed it essential to maintain:
that is, the regulation which makes the commander
