144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14.
as the gentleman from Massachusetts argued, that
ifthe Speaker was to be required to vote uponevery !
question, he ought to be permitted, if to him it I
should seem proper, to speak upon every question, j
He (Mr. B.) thought that result necessarily follow-
ed from requiring him to vote. We"> now, ought
such aresult to be produced ? Did this House de-
sire that the Speaker, whose duty it was to preside—
whose duty it was to keep himself aloof as
much as possible, from the wrangling and excite-
ment of the House, was it necessary that he
should be required to vote upon every proposition ?
He begged gentlemen to consider in what a posi-
tion they would place the Speaker. In an infinite-
ly worse position than that of any other member.
Occupied during the whole day with questions of
order, with the discharge of the duties of the chair,
he had not the time to give to every question
brought up which would enable him to vote un-
derstandingly. When he was thus embarrassed,
thus occupied, they proposed to compel him to
vote, under circumstances of very great disadvan-
tage to himself.
What was the experience of gentlemen upon
this floor who were no't occupied as the Speaker
was ? How ofien was it that they were not pre-
pared to vote? How often were gentlemen seen
to leave their seats because they were not prepared
to vote upon the questions presented ? The Speak- j
er could not do that; he could not avail himself of -
any device by which he could relieve himself from I
voting upon ail occasions as they arose. 1
He thought bis friend from Illinois [Mr. Mc- j
Clernand] was mistaken, and that there were ]
no precedents in any well regulated legislative I
body for the Speaker's participating in debate. He !
knew that Mr. Clay, when Speaker of the House,
did address the House, and that only in Commit- I
tee of the Whole; but he thought even that preee- I
dent had better be avoided than followed on the |
part of the Speaker. But no Speaker since that j
day had been in the habit of participating in the j
general debates. He knew in the Legislature of
Virginia, the practice of which was modeled after 1
that of the English Parliament, whose every inno-
vation was constantly discussed, it was the opin-
ion that it would be exceedingly improper in the
Speaker to participate in the general debates; and
even in Committee of the Whole, it was there never
the practice for him to speak, unless upon some
question affecting his immediate constituents or
himself personally.
The rule reported hy the committee placed the
Speaker where he might vote if he desired to,
and where he would be compelled to, if his vote
would affect the result. He thought that suffi-
cient, and hoped that the report of the committee
would be agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND (interposing) referred the
gentleman from Virginia to another precedent—
that of Mr. Jones, who, he said, when Speaker,
spoke in debate before the House upon a question
involving 
Mr. BAYLY replied that he was perfectly aware
of that case, and it came within the category of the
cases to which he had alluded. It was a question
concerning himself and the rights of his constit-
uents, and it was very proper that Mr. Jones
should descend from the chair and address the
House.
But the main reason was the one which he had
advanced when he had first arisen, viz: that the
Speaker ought to be kept as disconnected from
everything occurring on the floor as was consistent
with his constitutional rights as a Representative.
The very voting on this floor upon questions in
which members had a deep interest, created feeling
from which it was highly desirable that the Speaker
should keep aloof as far as possible.
Mr.MEADEgave notice that in case the amend-
ment of the gentleman frosn Maryland [Mr. Mc-
Lan'e] should be rejected, he should propose a sub-
stitute for the entire rule and amendment, provi-
ding that " in all cases the Speaker may exercise
his right to vote, and may assign his reasons there-
for."
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said the House of
Representatives had been acting under this 12th
rule since the formation of this Government. The
amendment reported by the Committee on Rules
seemed to be very proper. They had consumed
the whole day thus far in debate upon this one
amendment; if all the other amendments were to
be debated at equal length, they would consume a
week upon this report. He therefore hoped that
the House would vote upon this question imme-
diately. *
Mr. MORSE concurred entirely with the ge n
tleman from Massachusetts in the views he had
expressed, respecting the right of the Speaker to
vote as he should deem necessary and proper; and
he concurred entirely in the gentleman's sugges-
tion, that it would neither be proper nor decorous
for the Speaker to mingle in debate upon all the
exciting topics which arose in the course of his
administration of the duties of the Chair—one
of the most important of which was strict impar-
tiality. He hoped that all the amendments which
had been brought forward by gentlemen on both
sides of the House would be voted down, for he
apprehended that if the rule, as proposed to be
amended by the committee, were examined care-
fully, it would be found better digested, better cal-
culated to accomplish the desired end, than any of
the hastily-prepared propositions of individual
gentlemen. The amendment of the committee
would give the Speaker of the House the right to
vote upon any subject whenever he saw fit. It
would not compel him to vote upon questions
on which he was uninformed, or to mingle in de-
bate for the purpose of justifying the votes which
he might give when forced upon him by the rule.
The amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wimthrop] was entirely a work of su-
pererogation. The case cited by the gentleman—
the Pacheco case—was one of the cases which
came within the rule as reported by the committee.
Mr. WINTHROP (interposing) said, it was a
case which he (Mr. W.) did not decide.
Mr. MORSE (continuing) repeated, that the
case cited by his friend from Massachusetts, was a
case which, if the gentleman would examine it a
little more carefully, he would find came within
the rule reported by the committee.
Some conversation occurred between Messrs.
MORSE and WINTHROP as to the precise state
of the vote in the Pacheco case, as to the question
whether the vote of the Speaker, if cast, would
have altered the result.
Mr. MORSE continued. He apprehended that
the object of the rule, as proposed by the commit-
tee to be amended, was to accomplish the decision
of questions of this kind. But to this particular
case it might, upon close votes it would, be satis-
factory for the House to know what were the opin-
ions of the Speaker. Even in cases where his
vote would not affect the result, under the rule as
it would stand amended he would be required to
vote, and then they would have recorded the opin-
ion of every member of the body.
But it was not right that.the Speaker should be
compelled to vote upon all occasions. He (Mr.
M.) had sat in his seat repeatedly and declined to
vote; and he never would vote if, from his posi-
tion, he had not had the opportunity to examine
into the merits of the case. He would not do the
injustice either to the Government in the cases of
private claims, or to the individual claimants, which
his vote, if given without a full understanding of
the case, must do. In such cases he held that the
common law was stronger than any other law, and
he took on himself the responsibility of not voting.
For these reasons he hoped that the House would
adopt the report of the Committee on Rules, which
covered the entire ground.
Mr. McLANE, in reference to Mr. Bayly's ob-
jection to requiring the Speaker to vote on the
ground that in that case he should be allowed to
speak also, said, he wished the House, before the
vote was taken, distinctly to understand that the
Speaker had the right now upon any occasion
when he chose, without any departure from the
established usage of the House, to fill his seat
temporarily, come down and exert the right of
speaking. He confessed that his object was to
bring the Speaker of this House in all the current
legislation of the House directly to his represent-
ative responsibility. He hoped it would not be
considered radical reform, but a wholesome, simple
reform, an almost indispensable reform. And,
sooner or later, the force of the constitutional ob-
jection would oblige the Speaker to vote—should
oblige every representative to vote; and whenever
the rule came to he adopted in this sense there were
not to be made so many issuesabout a northern ora
southern Speaker. When the Speaker was brought
down to the level of other members, so far as his
representative action was concerned, there would
not be-the same consequence attributed to his geo-
graphical position. As to his influence and dignity
as a presiding officer, he (Mr. McL.) was the last
man who would infringe upon it; but so far as his
representative capacity was concerned, he confessed
he would strip him of all disability and all preroga-
tive.
Mr. CLEVELAND said he had not designed,
to participate in this debate, but he trusted to be
pardoned for detaining the House a few minutes.
He believed that members on his side of the
House were taking a course which, by and by,
they would regret. It seemed to him that, above
all things else, they should have in the chair a
gentleman who was not partial in his feelings; and
they ought never by their rules to lead him into
temptation to do as a party man what he ought
never to do when he occupied the chair.
Wow, for the purpose of testing the wisdom of
the proposition of his friend from Maryland, let
him ask the House to look for a moment at the
condition in which they would be, provided the
time should ever come when they should have a
man in the chair who loved his party better than
his honor. Suppose that, when he gave his vote,
he chose to give his reasons for that vote; that he
came upon the floor and gave those reasons; when
he went back to the chair, he, having taken his
position, would have a pride that that position
should be sustained by the House. And who was
to select the men to defend or assail the position
into which the House by their rule would have
forced their Speaker ? The Speaker was the per-
son; and permit him (Mr. C.) to say, it was hardly
in human nature, it was not to be expected that
any man was so pure, so disinterested, so supe-
rior to such influences as to select impartially from
members attempting to get the floor either to de-
fend or to assail the position of the Speaker. Now,
was it fair, was it right, was it just to the minority,
(if there were any such party; he was not aware
that there was; they were all by turns in the mi-
nority and in the majority;) but suppose there
were a minority, iwould it be right or just by
the power of party to place a man in the Speak-
er's chair, and then compel him to use the in-
fluence of the chair when he had defined his
position, and that upon a party question—perhaps
ex-citing in the extreme throughout the country?
When he had done that, his party would be very
much in the position of soldiers whose general
had thrown himself into the breach, and who was
crying out to them for rescue. It was utterly im-
possible that the Speaker, after having taken his
side upon the floor, could go back to the chair, and
award the floor with the same impartiality as if
he had never spoken. He was for deciding this
question precisely as he would if the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] was in
the chair. Permit him to say, that they (the
Democratic party) needed no such aid as was
sought by this motion, unless they desired to de-
rive influence from the elevation of the present
Speaker to the chair. Under the rule, as proposed
to be amended by the committee, they would
have the full benefit of the Speaker's vote, provi-
ded they came into a position where they needed
it. So it seemed to him, that in any view they
could take of this question, it was unwise, unne-
cessary, and in the case supposed, manifestly un-
just to the minority. Now, he never would do,
when in the majority, what he would not be will-
ing the majority should do to him when he
changed his position, and became in the minority.
That wa3 the fundamental principle on which he
intended to legislate. Now, occasions might arise,
when the rule which gentlemen were now advo-
cating would work against themselves. He did
not make these remarks supposing that the pres-
ent occupant of the chair capable of doing any-
thing wrong, but he argued that it was leading
a man into temptation, and setting a precedent
which they would regret to see followed hereafter.
As to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] although it
might be well enough of itself, it was not of suf-
ficient importance to justify their disturbing the
report of the committee. He thought the true
policy for the House was, to adopt the report,
and then the rights of the Speaker, and all the
members of the House and their constituents
would be protected.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, considered that
every member had a right to give or to withhold
