1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
rule sufficiently extensive. As it now stands, we
might make arrangements which would accommo-
date all. If we were to remove these desks, which
enable gentlemen to read their newspapers, and
write their letters—and in saying this, he intended
no disrespect to any—a great deal of additional
room would be obtained. He would move an
amendment to that effect.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment would
not be in order.
Mr. STANTON expressed a wish that the
amendment should be read.
TheCHAIR. The amendment is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. The Chair rules my amend-
ment out of order, but does not rule me out of
order.
The CHAIR. The amendment is out of order
while another amendment is pending.
Mr. STANTON resumed. He concurred with
the gentleman from South Carolina that members
"were unable to get access to the Heads of Depart-
ments. If a gentleman went to any of the Heads
of Departments, he had to wait a long time without
being able to get admitted. He had himself felt
the inconvenience of this during the present ses-
sion. But it was not only the inconvenience of
not seeing the officer, but there was another incon-
venience of which he complained, that of not hav-
ing his letters on matters of business answered.
He was not disposed to go so far in the way of re-
taliation as to refuse to these Heads of Departments
access to this Hall. But he did not see with what
propriety we could adopt a resolution to admit all j
without some change m the arrangements of the ;
Hall. . . j
Mr. TUCK rose and disclaimed any wish to |
limit the eloquent speeches of gentlemen. But he
•desired to call their attention to this fact, that the
subject of the rules had been confided to the hands
of an able committee, who had given to it a careful
consideration. It was clear to him that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
be rejected by a majority of nine to one, notwith-
standing all the powerful arguments which had been
urged to show that they ought to be adopted. He
thought that proper attention and respect were not
paid to the deliberations of the committee to whom
the subject had been committed. All the sugges-
tions which were now made had doubtless been
made to them. On his side of the House there
was much anxiety among gentlemen to come to a
vote. If there was to be the same consumption of
time on every subject which would come up before
the House, as there had been on this, but little
business would be brought to a termination. _ He
hoped gentlemen would consent to come toaspeedy
vote. So far as he could understand the general
sentiment around him, it was a desire to take the
vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, said, that in
offering the amendment he had been actuated by
no desire to prolong the discussion.
Mr. McMULLEN asked if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had not already spoken on the
subject.  
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman was
occupying the floor by the courtesy of the gentle-
man from New Hpmpshire.
Mr. BUTLER resumed. He had been desirous
to introduce one of his constituents. But he found
that he could not get him in. The galleries were
so crowded that he could not find a place there for
him; and he had not been able to obtain his ad-
mission within the Hall. It was merely for the
purpose of enabling himself, and such other gen-
tlemen as might have their constituents calling on
them for similar privileges, when they happened to
come here, that he desired to have this change m
the rules. For this object, and for no other, he
had introduced the amendment which was now
under consideration.
Mr. TUCK said he concurred with the gentle-
man from South Carolina. He thought it would
be impracticable to adopt and carry out the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Such
a rule was formerly adopted, and was in operation
<luringone Congress. But the very next session
it was rescinded by an almost unanimous vote.
Mr. McMULLEN said he regretted to see the
course which had been pursued this morning.
He reo-relted to see this unprecedented eagerness
after change. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire who had twice spoken in deprecation of any
debate on the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,which, heassured the House, would
I5e rejected by a vote of nine to one, had yet enter-
tained us with two speeches. He had hoped that
a different course would have been pursued in re-
lation to this report. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania professed a great regard
for the people. That gentleman had constituents
near here, and could say to them, " Come here,
my dear people, and hear our discussions." And
the people of the great State of Pennsylvania would
doubtless come.. And suppose the people came
from that State, and from Georgia, and from my
State, what would be the consequence? The rep-
resentatives would be all turned out of their seats,
and the business of the country would be entirely
interrupted. And was this to be done?
[A remark which was not audible to the report-
er, called up Mr. McClernand, who said a word
or two in explanation.]
Mr. McMULLEN resumed. The gentleman
may be right or wrong. But I wish to tell him
that I was misapprehended in some remarks which
I made some days ago. He then went on to speak
of his inexperience here, but stated that he was
familiar with the practice in the Virginia Legisla-
ture, which was not inferior to this House in dig-
nity, and even in talent. If the people were to
come here from Pennsylvania and Virginia, we
must expect to be subjected to great annoyance,
and to serious inconvenience. He concluded with
moving the previous question, which he after-
wards withdrew.
Mr. WOODWARD. In relation to the ques-
, tion who shall occupy the floor, what interests the
j people mosl, next to the privileges of their repre-
sentatives to speak and vote here, is, the opportu-
nity that may be afforded to reporters to note ac-
curately what is said and done. Now, if you
will inquire of those gentlemen (the reporters)
they will inform you that the conversations cariied
on "outside of the bar, disable them to hear satis-
factorily anything said in debate.
Mr. STRONG rose to make a single remark.
He desired to call the attention of the House to a'
single fact which, in his opinion, ought to be con-
clusive. Those members who, for any length of
time, had held seats on this floor, knew that the
lobbies were at all times sufficiently filled with
1 strangers. Yet the House had this day adopted
| a rule under which four thousand additional
■ persons will be brought into this Hall. W^e had
adopted a rule to admit all the members of the ex-
isting State Legislatures. And these amounted to
about four thousand persons, and most of them
persons who are in the habit of coming into
Washington during the sittings of Congress. In
his opinion, it would be most unwise still further
to open the doors. He was, therefore, on these
grounds, opposed to the proposition of his col-
league. And althijpgh he was aware that the pre-
vious question would bring the House to a direct
vote on the amendments as they came from the
committee, as the report had been for some days
in the hands of gentlemen, and must be well un-
derstood, he would now call for the previous
queslion.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired what would be the
effect of the previous question ?
Mr. VINTON expressed his hope that the pre-
vious question would be withdrawn, as he was de-
sirous to make a very few remarks on the report
generally. , .
Mr. STRONG said that as he was desirous to
accommodate gentlemen, he would withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked if the
previous question would bring the House to a sep-
arate vote on each rule?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. STEPHENS hoped, then, that the call for
the previous question would be sustained.
Mr. STRONG said he had withdrawn the
call.
Mr. VINTON said if the report was now open
to discussion, he desired to say a few words in ex-
planation of the report.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, raised the ques-
tion of order, whether the gentleman from Ohio
had a right to discuss any other amendment than
the one which was before the House.
The CHAIR decided that he had,
Mr. VINTON said he regarded what had been
already done as calculated to have little effect on
the business of the House, But he desired to call
the attention of the House to the eighth amendment
of the committee, as reported, as follows:
" Add to the end of the 31st rule the following: ' And in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, as wel I
as in Committee of the Whole House, no debate shall be in
order, unless confined to tile bill or question under the spe-
cial consideration of the committee.' "
It was not the design of this amendment to
adopt a new rule, but to introduce a declaratory
provision "which would have the effect of enforcing
the existing law of the House, and put an end to
an abuse of debate, which had been productive of
much mischief. An opinion within a few years
past had grown up in the House, that there was
a wide difference in respect to re^pvancy of debate
between the House and a Committee of the Whole
House. That in the former, the debate must be
confined to such topics as were relevant to, and
had some connection with, the subject under con-
sideration; while in the latter, the debate might
depart altogether from the question, and go into
topics having no sort of relation to it. This was
great error, and had been productive of^many
evils. It is true that, when sitting in committee,
the body is free from many of the rules which re-
strain or terminate debate in the House; but it is
not true that either in the House, or in Comrfiittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, or Com-
mittee of the Whole House, debate is in order on
topics which have no relation to the subject or
question under consideration. For example, in
the House, a member can speak but once to the
question. This rule does not prevail in commit-
tee. In the House, debate may be terminated by
a motion for the previous question, or to lay the
subject on the table; or it may be turned aside
from the merits to some collateral question, as by
a motion to postpone the subject to another day.
In committee, none of these things can be done.
But when the merits of the question are under
consideration, it is in order to say anything upon
it which would be in order in committee. In a
word, the great eml and _design of going into com-
mittee is to get a thorough discussion ot the ques-
tion without any interruption of the debate, or the
interposition of motions which will turn the de-
bate aside from the merits of the question. To
wander away from the merits is, therefore, to sub-
vert the great purpose of debate in committee.
This abuse has grown to such an extent that, in
committee, it is all but impossible for those who
desire to discuss the question to get an opportu-
nity to do it. This class of speakers are crowded
off of the floor by those who are charged with
harangues about subjects totally foreign to the
question under consideration. In proof of this,
we need not go any further back than the last Con-
gress. The first important measure brought before
the last Congress was the sixteen million
bill. It was a great measure, involving many and
great public considerations. Having the charge of
the bill, in an opening speech I made a general
expose of the condition of Treasury, present and
prospective, which rendered the loan necessary--
the debate proceeded—there was a great struggle
for the floor; but for ten or twelve days not a word
was said about the bill. Speech aftei speech was
made upon topics totally foreign to the question,
one speaker making his harangue upon one thing,
and another upon something else, and all equally
aside from the business in hand. This abuse of
debate went on till an order of the House was ob-
tained to stop the debate in committee at a fixed
time, then near at hand. _ After that some speeches
were made about the bill. The same thing was
repeated upon almost every appropriation bill in
the last Congress. The old practice was fer diflfer-
ent from this. When I came into tins House
twenty-six years ago, this would have been looked
upon as monstrous, and would no!:hti
erated. If gentlemen w.ll go back to debates
in committee on the great questions then before
Cong™™ h «• the internal improvement bill,
the tariff bill of 1824, and other measures; of gieat
importance, which then deeply enlisted he feehngs
of^the questions, but no speeches ad captandum
about matters having nothing to do with the ques-
U°Nor is there any danger of restricting (,ebat®
under the rule, as formerly practiced upon and
now proposed to be reinstated in practice,
•too netrrow limits. Suppose, for example,
