1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
McKean county. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. RISLEV: The petition of John Russell, of
Chautauquo county, New York, praying Congress to grant
him a pension for injuries received while in the service of
the country, in 1812-13, in the war with Great Britain. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. 11
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of sundry citizens of She-
boygan Fails, for the i eduction of postage to two cents, and
for the abolition of the franking privilege. Referred to the
Committee on the Po?t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of the citizens
of the city of Rochester, praying for the establishment of
a semi-monthly mail from the city of New York to San
Francisco.
The petition of Joel Cruttenden, for losses sustained and
services performed as disbursing agent of the Cherokee
Commissioners, under the treaty of 1835.
The petition of Abraham Van Ingen^heir of Doct. Dirk
Tan Ingen, praying for the payment of the depreciation upon
Continental money.
The petition of David Bell, praying for the payment of
his share of a pension granted to Jesse Bell, deceased. -
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky : The petition of John
H. King, praying compensation for using an improved stock
turning machine for rifles, at Harper's Ferry, invented by
him.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Samuel DufFand twenty-
five other citizens of the county nf Clarion, Pennsylvania,
asking a change to he made in the present tariff Jaws, and
an increase of duties on foreign importations. Referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, the petition of John S.' Mann, and twenty others,
citizens of the county of Potter, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to repeal so much of the act of Hie 12th February,
1793, as relates to the return of fugitive slaves. Referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. BOWL IN: The petition of Louis Guion, and
sixty-two others, citizens of the township of Carondelet,
and county of St. Louis, Missouri, praying Congress to pass
an act confirming iheir survey, by the Surveyor General, in
1834, to their commons, as confirmed by act of 181*2, and re-
linquished by act of lb31. Referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
Resolied, That the petition and papers of Marcus Spald-
ing be taken from the Clerk's files and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
SENATE.
Monday, January 14, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, covering a communication from
the Secretary of State, made in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 7th instant, call-
ing for copies of all correspondence that has taken
place with the minister of Sp^in in Washington,
or the authorities of Cuba, or the American con-
sul at Havana, concerning the abduction of Rey,
alias Garcia, by the Spanish consul at that port;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate calling for a statement of the amount due
the Seminole Indians in the service of the United
States during the war with Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee*on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented two memorials, very
numerously signed by citizens of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, asking the establishment of additional
mail facilities to California, or else that a law may
be passed permitting private individuals to per-
form the service which the Government of the
United States had failed to secure to the public.
In presenting the memorials, Mr. W. stated
that so great was the number of vessels at Cali-
fornia, on their return, or on their progress out, so
great the amount of property involved, so great
and so fast increasing the number of persons there,
that the petitioners were of opinion that Congress
should authorize the Post Office Department to
take immediate measures to forward the California
mails by every good steamer which would take
them out or bring them back at a fair price. _
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented the memorial
of John Trenchard, administrator of Samuel Page,
and the memorial of Lemuel Knal, and others,
askino- indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800,°which were referred to the select committee.
Mi'. WEBSTER also presented the memorial of
P. P. F. Degrand and others, proposing to con-
struct a "railroad and establish a line of telegraph
from St. Louis, Missouri, to San Francisco, in
California, and asking an act of incorporation, a
loan of United States stock, and the right of way
through the public lands.
Mr. W. stated that, while the subject of a com-
munication by railroad from the western States, at
the Mississippi river, to San Francisco, had not
attracted that attention in the western and south-
ern States which it deserved, it had not been dis-
regarded, nor had its importance been unappre-
ciated in the eastern and northern parts of the
country. Several meetings had been held on that
subject in the city of Boston, attended by a large
number of respectable and enterprising persons,
who had what they called a plan of railway across
the country. This plan was attached to the me-
morial. "He had in his hand also a short printed
account of the proceedings of one of the meetings,
and the subscriptions'to the plan, which he had
read carefully, and considered deserving the se-
rious attention of Congress.
The memorial and papers were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and a motion to print
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of the
widow of Henry Dashiel, deceased, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of Isabella
Cole, executrix of William Cole, asking indem-
nity for injuries to a vessel and cargo, belonging
to her late husband, by the authorities of the Pe-
ruvian Government; which,with the papers on the
file, was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Anna
McLean, widow of an officer who died in service
during the last war with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented seven petitions of citizens .
of Philadelphia; a petition from citizens of Syra-
cuse, New York; and a petition of citizens of
Baltimore, asking that the spirit ration of the navy
may be abolished; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. C. also presented eight petitions from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, six from citizens of Boston,
and a petition of citizens of Baltimore, asking that
corporal punishment may be abolished in the navy
of the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of citizens
of Patterson, New Jersey, asking a reduction of
the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of A. R.
Woolley, late an officer of the army, representing
that he had been unlawfully dismissed the service,
and asking that he may be ajlowed his pay and
emoluments from the date of his dismissal; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of the
heirs and representatives of John Chalmers, and
the memorial of Hugh Auchincloss, executor of
Bart and Stewart, asking for indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which were referred to
the select committee.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of Benjamin
Wood, a revoletionary soldier, asking to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. S. also submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner ofPensions lie directed
to transmit to the Committee otthe Senate on Revolutionary
Pensions the papers on file m Ins office, touching the appli-
cation of Benjamin Wood, a revolutionary soldier, for a
pension.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of W.
N. S. H. and H. Dorsett, the memorial of the ;
legal representatives of Paul Bantalon and Joshua ]
Barney, the memorial of the heirs-at-law of S. G. i
Kennard, and the memorial of the heirs of John j
Dumester, asking indemnity for French spoliations j
prior to 1800; which were ordered to be referred J
to the select committee on the subject. I
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of citi- |
zens of Waterloo, New York, asking a reduction |
of the" postage, and the abolition of the franking ;
privilege; which was referred to% the Committee j
on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of A. !
M. Dade, widow of a deceased army officer, ask-
ing a renewal of her pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of John L.
Knox, asking indemnity for losses sustained by
the burning of a government transport on the river
Mississippi in 1818; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Eleazer
Wi'Maros, an Iroquois Indian, asking compensa-
tion for important services to the Ignited States,
rendered during the last war with Great Britain,
and to be allowed a pension for a wound received
in battle; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, asking that the soldiers in
the last war with Great Britain may be placed on
the same footing, as to pay and bounty land, as
the soldiers who served in the war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. S. also presented a petition from citizens of
Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, asking the
enactment of a law for the benefit of the surviving
officers and soldiers in the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. S. also presented a memorial of merchants
and other citizens of Pennsylvania, asking the-
construction of ice harbors in the Delaware river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Hujjert.
H. Booly, a wagon-master in the army, asking to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to khe
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Charles Findlay, asking to be allowed interest on
certain drafts paid by the United States out of the
fund created for the benefit of the Shawnee In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of the
late and present receivers of the land office in
Washington, Arkansas, asking to be allowed
commissions on entries of military bounty land
warrants; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WALES presented the petition of Stephen
Colwell, administrator of Wm. F. Smith, asking
the payment of certain outstanding loan-office cer-
tificates; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Clarke county, Alabama, asking for addi-
i tional mail facilities in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAWSON presented "the memorial of the
legal representatives of J. and E. Gardner, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on the
subject.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of James M.
Marsh, asking indemnity for depredations com-
mitted on his property, while engaged in execu-
ting public surveys, by a party of Sioux Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
O/i motion by Mr. BALDWIN,
Ordered, That the memorial of C. Alexander and T. Bar-
nard, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the memorial of the president and profes-
sois of William and Mary College bo taken from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the petition of the leeal representatives of
Nirnrod Farrow and Richard Hams, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Commmee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE,
Ordered, That the petition of tlie heirs of Wm. Bowdon,
on the flies of the Senate, be relcrred to the Committee on
I'ensious.
On motion by Mr. BADGER,
Ordered. That the memorial of Foxali A. Parker, on tlie
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on fvaval
Affair.-.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS,
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Snod rnss, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY,
Ordered That the petition of Amaziah Goodwin, on the
files of the Senate, he relerred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HUNTER asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the .Senate the petition and papers of
George Armstrong.
Mr. PEARCE inquired as to the reasons for
the motion. '
