1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
more than paid for it. Such are benefactors to
your Treasury, and not drains upon it.
Then, I say, let the bill be amended so a3 to
create as few difficulties as possible to the settle-
ment of our vast population; ant! instead of lay-
ing yourselves open to the charge of being mere
" vote seeking demagogues," you will lay a just
foundation (so far as this act is concerned) for the
claim of being considered far-seeing, wise, and
sagacious statesmen, as well as patriots; to which
those who oppose it can never be considered as
more than mere pretenders.
The amendment of which Mr. H. gave notice,
is as follows:
"Tim each non-commissioned officer, musician, and
private, eulibOd or ieyuldrl> mustered into, and set veil m
any company in tlie military service of the United Stales
for a period of ies* than six months and over one month, in
the wnr with Great BriMin of 1812, >13, '14, '15, the Imimii
ware ot 1811, the (Florida) Semmolean w.tr ot l&lti, '19,
and 1835, '36, orin the \v..i known as Gi neral W<\yne"s>
Wat, of J792 to '95, that have not been hmetofoie provided
for hy the General Government wuh bounty land, pennon,
or bounty ol more than ft fry dulMrs, and vviiot-e mimec ap-
pear upon the pay 10H, bhitll ite entitled to leeejvo a certifi-
cate or warrant trom the Department of the Interior, tor
those who i*erved lees than mx nnmhs and over one min-tti
eighty acres, ami thrne who seived six months or over 160
acres of land," kc., &e.
Mr. SAGKii'i'T said, he should not detain the
committee long in presenting his views. He was
opposed to the passage of this bill. It was not
ba->ed ou a sound principle, and however merito-
rious the service may have been, he could not sup-
port a measure that was not founded on coirect
principles. The dogrine sought to be ingrafted
upon our pension system by this measure, should
never obtain in legislation, it should never be
maintained for the purposes of this bill, or for any
other purpose.
What is the nature and character of the service
this bill seeks to reward ? It is a service rendered
under a contract, under a voluntary contract; un-
der a contract entered into upon due consideration,
without coercion, without the exercise of power—
a contract made to do a specific amount of service
on the one side, to be paid for at a specific price on
the other; all of the terms and provisions of which
are agreed upon beforehand. It is entered into
with a full knowledge of the kind and character of
service to be performed. Now, sir, if I enter into
such a contract for six or twelve months, render
the service, am m no way injured, and the Gov-
ernment performs all its duty,'pay s me all it agreed
to pay, and executes the agreement in all things
on its pnrt,—upon what principle have I a right to
risk of Government a gratuity, a bounty—ask, in
fact, to make myself a pensioner on the country
for life? It is plain, sir, that this bill cannot be
sustained upon any sound principle.
In time of war Government may, and it fre-
quently does, offer bounties, by way of encourage-
ment to enlistment, of lands and maney. But in
all such cases it is part of the contract; it enters
into the consideration of the service; it is part of
the price agreed upon beforehand; and offered solely
on account of a supposed necessity at the time for
rapid, more rapid enlistments than could be ob-
tained without it. These offers aie always made
as convenience to Government—made m advance,
and are part of the agreement, not a gratuity. If
we are to act on the rule of gratuities and not ac-
cording to our agreements, there are a thousai.d
other services as meritorious, of as much service
to the State—service encountering as much puv-
ation and hardship as the one under consideration,
that should be placed on the bounty list.
We have general laws providing pensions for all
soldiers wounded in the service, or who may be-
come disabled. To grant pensions in all such
cases is right, becausc these laws are in force when
the soldier enlists, and they are therefore part of
the consideration of his service. He knows, when
he enters the army, if he is killed in battle, his
widow, if he leaves one, will receive a pension; he
knows also, if he is in anyway disabled, the laws
provide for him a compensation for life. All such
pensions, therefore, are based on sound principles,
find should be granted. They are also necessary to
secureenlistments. But where is the necessity forty
years after a war is over—after the Government
found it could provide itself with three soldiers
when it wanted one, upon the terms it offered at the
time—1 say, where is the necessity forty years
afterward, lor a law like this' Government is
as much bound to manage its affairs with econ-
omy, and upon sound and correct business-like
plans, as individuals; and we have no more riffht to
t>t|uander the public lands upon those who have no
just claim, than we have to vote away any other of
the public property.
It the avails of the public lands are to be taken
from the Treasury, I had much rather they would
go to the actual settlers—to those who will occupy
them, who will settle and cultivate them. These
soldiers, as the whole history of the country
shows, are but the instruments used by sharpers
and speculators to get these lands. They do not,
they seldom, if ever, have settled oil the land
themselves. These land warrants go into your
broker shops and into the hands of agents and
of land-jobbing speculators, at almost nominal
prices.
Our pension system has become enormous, and
is increasing every year. It is high time we be-
gan to look to it—began to examine into the prin-
ciples upon which it is based—that we began to
distinguish between what is based upon jusl rules
of legislation and what is but the fi uit of popular-
iiy-huming and demagogue ambition, if we do
not do this, the result will be the same as the re-
sult of a reckless disregard of the rijrht always is
—an utter overthrow of even what is just and
retsonable.
Our revolutionary pension system is not more
liberal than it should be. And even there the
whole bounty-land system was adopted during
the war, and has not been substantially changed
from that day to this. The patriots of that day
served, as it were, " without money and without
puce." A nation without credit, a cuireucy with-
out value, arid a patriotism almost without hope
of-rewaril, fought the battles in that memorable
struggle. And, sir, the pensioned of that war re-
ceive but their just dues—but what the Govern-
ment agreed to pay at the time, but was unable
to pay. And, sir, while 1 would sustain to the ut-
termost any law securing just compensation to our
national soldiery under such circumstances, I
would not move one inch in a profligate system of
lewanis and glorification bounties forty years af-
terwards—in fact to the next generation—or, more
properly speaking, to sharpers, speculator, and
land agents, that infest the community, ready, at
all times, day and night, to devour the substance
of the soldier, to seize everything provided by
these special laws.
Sir, I will go with you for a fair disposition of our
public domain to the hardy pioneer who will settle
and cultivate it, who is landless, and will help to
clear away the forests, and bring into use the
wilderness of the West. Sir, such a course will
not only help the needy, but the whole communi-
ty will be benefited. People the West with such
as receive this bounty for their own use, and
make such provisions as will prevent others from
monopolizing our public lands, and you will have
done moie to redeem this country fiom want,
from squalid poverty, wretchedness, and the
thousand dimes that necessity engenders, than
you can do by any other act you can pass.
Let us look into the details of this bill—what are
they? It provides bounty land for all those en-
gaged for three mouths or over—militia, legulais,
and volunteeis—in the wais, Lhe predatory in-
cursions, of whatever name or nation, wtth the
Indians, from the eailiest history of the Govern-
ment. True, this bill is now limited to those wars
from 1792 to 1795; but if the principle it adopts be
admitted, all those early contests should, as a mat-
ter of course, be included. It provides for all the
twelve and eighteen months enlistments of the war
of 1812 with Great Britain, and for ail the militia
engaged in that service, and for all the volunteer
corps. It provides for all the regular, volunteer,
and militia service of the Florida war—and here is
the great grab-of the bill. You might as well pro-
vide bounty lands at once for the entire State of
Florida, one third of Georgia, Alabama, and South
Carolina, and the States that were so gallantly en-
gaged for five years in mortal combat with from
one to three thousand squaws and Indians in the
Everglades of the peninsula.
It is believed that at least fifty thousand men of
those sufficiently engaged in the early Indian wars
to entitle them to bounties under this act, will
claim undents provisions. Should this bill pa--s,
there will be no check, no limit to lhe claims for
service in those conflicts. Tnere is hardly a record
or scrap of written evidence in relation to any part
of them. The doors will be completely open to
an army of agents, who can make the formal proof
of any kind of service in these wars. Sir, I ques-
tion much whether the number will riot reach nearer
a hundred thousand than fifty. In a service so
irregular as that was, who cannot show three
months' duty, in some form or other? Who, that
jived anywhere near the frontier, was not a soldier
in the sense of this bill? '
In the war of 1812, the law that provided for
raising the army that carried on that war, passed
at its commencement, provided bounty land and a
bounty in money, for all who enlisied for five
years, or during the war. This was deemed a
wise and sufficient law then. It was sufficient—it
answered every purpose. All soldiers wounded
or disabled, were also duly provided for, and pen-
sioned. But there was a large, irregular, unde-
fined, uncertain militia service, and a class of
twelve and eighteen months'enlistments, that the
Government of that day did not think it wise to
grant bounties to. Had it done so, the army for
the war, or for five years, could never have been
enlisted. It was a prudential measure, arid
could not have been changed with safety. Yet,
forty years afterwards, we are asked to undo what
they did—to do what would have greatly preju-
diced the war then.
The number who will be entitled under this bill
engaged in that war, m the kind of service 1 have
mentioned, cannot be less than fifty thousand—
probably a much higher number.
In that most patriotic Florida war—thatgreat con-
test between two great powers of the earth she re-
turns on file show, of volunteers twenty-nine thou-
sand nine hundred and fifty-three, with a back-
ground of Florida militia, as I think, only limned
by the population of the State. There was also a
regular service, amounting to not less than ten thou-
sand men, during the five years this struggle with
the great Seminole nation was wagin°\ So that at
least forty thousand—and the Lonf knows how
many more!—will be entitled, for this distin-
guished five years' christian war, not only to the
eternal gratitude of the nation, but to bounties
under this bill.
Then, sir, come the persecuting, and, as many
would call them, aggressive wars against the
Creeks, Cherokees, Choctaws, and other Indian
tribes. And, sir, in those scrambles for land, in
those early evidences of our lust of dominion, the
whole population in those regions were en^a^ed;
and, sir, if this bill passes, they will all become'
the pensioners of Government. Sir, this scheme
is a stupendous plan to use up your public lands,
to take them from, even the hope, of those who
look to them as an asylum for the pioneers of
actual settlement, for the families of want, of pov-
erty, of houseless, of homeless need. I warn the
country against this plot to seue upon our public
domain, couched as it is in the captivating terms
of bounties to the soldiers of our armies, but in
fact hut the well-devised scheme of speculators and
demagogues.
Take this bill in connection with the laws now
in existence granting bounty lands to the soldiers
of the Mexican war. You will find that, at one
hundred and sixty acres each, the amountgrarited
they will swallow up, of your public lands, at
least forty millions of acres. As enormous as this
amount may appear, it is not greater than will be
realized; in my own belief, from the best lights I
can get, it will be more likely to exceed than fall
short of that amount. Theie have been issued al-
ready seventy thousand land warrants to soldiers
in the Mexican service; eighty-seven thousand
have been applied for, and there will be at least
twenty-five thousand more. Here is an illustra-
tion of the extent to which such laws go. Accoid- -
mg to the common understanding, who believed
theie weie from a hundred to a hundred and twen-
ty thousand soldiers in our Mexican armies ? Yet
such are the facts.
Sir, I use these facts and figures to show the im-
portance of this measure. Pass it, sir, and you
may as well close up your land offices at once •
the public lands are gone. There is not more ara-
ble land it) the btatesof New York, Pennsylvania,
and Ohio than will be required, out of the public
land3, to pay the warrants that will be issued undef
this bill, if u is passed, and under Mexican war
land bills. YVho is prepared for a sweeping
measure like this ? and all under the pretence of
granting gratuities to the militia, volunteers, three
months, six months, tw«ive mouths' men of tha
