154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
when the goods are taken from the warehouses, it
will be repaid by the importer; but this sum, thus
paid, instead of going back td the general fund,
goes to the specific fund. This is all the differ-
ence. Now it goes to the specific fund; formerly
it went to the general fund. This I understand to
be the whole difference.
As to the policy of abolishing the warehousing
system, I should oppose it rather more than the
^change in the collection of the revenue. I be-
lieve, sir, that it equalizes the revenue of the coun-
try, through different years; that it increases the
imports by giving additional facilities to import-
ers, and reduces the expenses of imported arti-
cles. This, surely must be the reason of the
whole opposition which - has heretofore come
against it; because it comes in aid of-the importer,
and because it reduces the price of foreign goods,
i, sir, am ttie advocate of free-trade—free-trade, so
far as it is consistent with a revenue tariff. Holding
that this warehousing system comes into that gen-
eral pblicy, 1 believe it will equalize the amount
collected in two different years, and equalize the
number of employees necessary to be kept in the
service of the Government. There will necessarily
be periods when there will be small importations,
followed by periods when there will be great im-
ports. Both of these extremes tend against the
treasury, because, when the imports are great, ad-
ditional clerks are required; and when the imports
are small, the clerks are in the employ of the
Government, and cannot be dismissed.
I find that the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
annual report of this year, states the amount of
the additional expenditure at $194,634 66 beyond
the storage. Now, sir, I think our attention ought
to be attracted to that point. If our public ware-
houses are to cost so much beyond storage, it is
time that we should allow private individuals to
keep storehouses. Itis a striking fact that this sum
should be drawn from the treasury of the United
States to support these storehouses, when private
individuals can afford to keep public storehouses
at the same time and can make money out of it.
But, sir, is this sum of $194,000 properly charge-
able to the warehouses? 1 contend that it is not.
I contend that a distinction should be made.
There has always been a period when service
was required of labor, drayage, &c., just as it is
now, and the difference only between that for-
merly required and that now required is all that
should have been charged upon the warehouses.
Let us see how far the warehouse system has been
increased. The total of foreign exports from the
6th of August, 1846, to the 6th of September, 1848,
as I learn from executive document No. 57, adding
the balance of the year at the same rate, will be
about $104,908,288. In nearly the same time, (for
the periods do not exactly coincide,) Mr. Mere-
dith reports a total sum of $87,352,000. Now,
the propable duties collected upon this—for the
lower price goods do not go into the warehouses—
will be the sum of $2,600,000, at 10 per cent. 1
believe it has been estimated at more than 10 per
cent., but 1 fake that as a very low rate. These
storehouses increase the revenue, and the balance
of $194,000 is not properly charged to them, since
they, by facilitating the importations, increase the
revenue to a much larger amount.
I am willing to concede, Mr. President, that by
the creation of new collection districts, and by the
extension of our commerce, some additional ex-
penditure must take place in the collection of the
revenue. I am willing, therefore, 1 say, to sup-
port the amendment of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dickinson], and increase the sum;
though I desire it to be distinctly understood that
it is not to be added to the $1,560,000, but to the
$1,800,000. Unless the whole proviso is repealed,
this will bean addition which will make it $2,000-
000. If the Committee on Finance believe that
sum to be necessary, I shall not object to it, or to
any other specific sum, within any moderate limit;
but I shall insist upon preserving the principle of
making specific appropriation, by which means
we shall know what sum is expended, and by
which means we m$y curtail unnecessary expend-
itures.
I have no fears, Mr. President, that the turning
out of a great number of the employees in the
custom-houses, the reduction of the revenue cut-
ters, and the abandoning of many custom-houses,
kept up merely for preventive purposes, will be
likely to work any great evil. This is a people
morally opposed to smugglers; and I know of no
other country in the world which .can make the
same boast. I believe our people reprobate a
smuggler, and that very little smuggling has oc-
curred, or is likely to occur. Si) far as the rev-
enue cutters are" concerned, as preventives of
smuggling, I do not believe it to'be necessary or
useful to keep them up. All these, I think, are
proper economical reductions of the expenses of
the collection.
Nor, on the other hand, am I at all concerned
that the duties of the employees of the custom-
houses are becoming too onerous, or that the re-
duction of their salaries would render the offices
less an object of pursuit. If such was to be the ef-
fect, 1 should hail it most joyously. If it would re-
duce that thirst for public office, which I consider
now as a great and growing evil in the country, I
should hail it as a great benefit. I should be happy
to see anything in their reduction, accomplished
by legislative reform or otherwise, to rebuke the
practice of thofce who abandon their private pur-
suits to feed upon the Federal Government. I
think that this tendency is inevitably to the greatest
political corruption which we have to fear.
Nor, sir, do I object atall to these reforms being
very extensively made by the Secretary. It is a
part of his duty, as the head of the Treasury De-
partment, that he should report all reforms which
he deems to be practicable. He is but discharging
his duty. We ou°;bt to make the specific appro-
priation which shall drive the Secretary of the
Treasury into reforms he would be unwilling to
make otherwise. We should do by him as we
do by every other officer, and hold him responsi-
ble; limiting the expenditures to a certain number
of dollars.
On these grounds, and actuated by no particular
reference to the individual who may exercise the
functions of this or any other office, I shall give
my vote. So far as I am politically opposed to any
Administration, I shall not upon such narrow
measures attempt to thwart its officers. I am will-
ing to do for this Administration as much as though
I politically coincided with them. I understand
this to be the policy advocated by the last Admin-
istration, and introduced by the Secretary of the
Treasury of the last Administration, which comes
down to us through the last Congress, where our
political opponents held the majority in the House
of Representatives, and the Same policy applied
to every other department and every other expend-
itu re.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is evident, Mr. President,
that there'is a general disposition in the Senate,
probably in both houses of Congress, to revise and
curtail these expenditures. It was a subject a good
deal discussed at the last session of Congress.
It is evidently a complex, and in some respects
a difficult subject. It is a subject calling, doubt-
less, for a specific appropriation by law; because,
although it has been justly remarked by the hon-
orable Senator who has now resumed his seat,
[Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,] that it is the official
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, from time
to time, to report to Congress reforms that ought
to take place, yet that duty of making the report
has hitherto been pretty much the extent of his
official authority. The object is to let Congress
have the light of his experience and knowledge,
and not that the Secretary of the Treasury should
have the exercise of their legislative power. It is
evident, I think, that by the provisions of this 4th
section of the law that was passed on the 3d of
March last, it was intended that Congress, at the
commencement of this session, should have an op-
portunity to consider that proviso, and, instead
of it, if it saw proper, to make specific appropria-
tions. Circumstances, with which we are all ac-
quainted, caused a delay for the first four or five
weeks of this session of Congress, and disabled
the two houses from acting either upon this or i
upon any other subject, so that the time arrived
for the execution of that power and trust confided
in the Secretary of the Treasury before Congress
had any opportunity to consider the subject at all.
Now, sir, considering that there may be a great
variety of opinions in regard to the topics which
are embraced in the Secretary's circular—in regard
to the expediency of maintaining the revenue
cutter system in whole or in part—in regard to the
expediency of maintaining the warehousing sys-
tem in whole or in part—as I do not think that the
proper information on these subjects can immedi-
ately be had for the use of Congress, I am very
much inclined to think myself that it is expedient
to adopt the amendment proposed by the honora-
ble Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,]
which is, as I understand it, that the present sys-
tem, or what has been the present system, shall
be continued until specifip appropriations are
made by Congress, with the limitation that the
whole expenditure shall not exceed that of the
year. 1848. I think, upon the whole, that it is
a wise amendment, and I shall most cheerfully
support it.
Mr. DICKINSON. I concur with the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] that we
have not sufficient information now to discuss the
proper estimate to be made. The letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, making these estimates,
is not yet upon our tables. That is not his fault,
however. They were undoubtedly made out at
the proper time, but are delayed, owing to the
fault of Congress in its arrangements for the print-
ing of such matter. But I have succeeded in ob-
taining a copy from a member of the other House,
and I will state one or two facts contained in it.
The Secretary's estimates for the collection of the
revenue go beyond the amendment which I pro-
pose. That amendment goes beyond what I, as
at present advised, believe will be necessary when
we come to make the appropriations. It is a mid-
dle ground, between the estimates of the Secretary
and the amount allowed by this present law, and
the amount which I am satisfied will do when we
come to make appropriations. It is not what the
Secretary would desire, I am satisfied; but I be-
lieve he can get along very well indeed with it.
I may say, also, that I am satisfied that we cannot
successfully prosecute a reform in these matters,
excepting by coercive legislation. Without such
legislation, I am convinced that no man will be
able to accomplish it in the executive departments
of the government.
The Secretary of the Treasury has taken the es-
timates of last year, and upon that basis has made
out thS estimates for the ensuing fiscal year. It is
true that there have been additional collection dis-
tricts, and that some of these districts are expen-
sive; ami it is also true that this system, from the
foundation of the Government, one Administration
has inherited from another, and handed down to
its successor. It is undoubtedly true that the rev-
enue system cannot be curtailed so much at this
season of the year, from the fact that our com-
mcrce relies upon the assistance furnished by the
cutters at this season of the year. I would not,
therefore, ask for that reduction I shall ultimately
wish. If it were June, instead of January, I would
not move the amendment I have proposed. I am
willing to give time to those interests which should
take care of themselves, to make preparations to
take care of themselves. But there are other op-
portunities for retrenchment. There is the "dead-
head" system—as it is so significantly called—in
the Departments, where an immense saving might
be made. Again, as my friend has already re-
marked, if the warehousing system must cost us
so much, then let us go at once for a free system;
let competition regulate the matter, and let it cost
us nothing. There will be a large saving in that.
I am willing that the matter should pass over for
the present. It has not been sufficiently examined
by myself or by the Senate. I will say, however,
that these reforms can be made, cutting down very
largely the expenditure. In the mean time, I be-
lieve the amendment I have proposed to be exceed-
ingly liberal, and I am very much gratified that
the Senator on the other side, with so much expe-
rience, favors it.
Mr. CALHOUN. One of the members of the
Committee on Finance has furnished me with a
statement of the revenue from imports, and the
cost of collection for the years 1821 and 1849,
which I hold in my hand, and which I will state.
The revenue of the former year amounted in round
numbers to $15,115,000, and the expense of collec-
tion to §693,000; that of the latter to $31,500,000,
and the expense of collection to $2,700,000.
This statement, of itself, is sufficient to prove
that there is something wrong. The expense has
increased more than 200 per cent, during the in-
terval between the two periods. I admit that a
portion of this increase may be attributed to the
increased number of ports of collection, and some
other causes; but whatever increase may be attrib-
uted to them in increasing the rate per centum of
