1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
was a large surplus fund in the possession of the
Government, and the great question of the day
was how to get rid of the money. The Govern-
ment was then more embarrassed by surplus funds
than it is now by its debts; and it was for the pur-
pose of getting rid of that surplus that the law was
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Ohio
SBeaka of the time when the surplus funds in the
Treasury of the United States were deposited with
the States, and not of the time when the distribu-
tion law passed.
Mr. VINTON. Certainly the distribution act
was passed subsequently.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The reasoning of the
gentleman from Ohio was not followed by his
party in 1841. On the 21st of July,*1841, they
authorized, by act of Congress, a loan of twelve
millions of dollars, and on the 4lh of September
after, passed the distribution act.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 suppose the gentleman from
Ohio, [-Mr. Vinton,} will not deny that he favored
both those measures. Nor will the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evans] make any such
denial for himself; and 1 would like to ask why
slept the vigilance of these watchful guardians of
the public Treasury then? Why does their alarm
for the Treasury manifest itself only when soldieis
and soldiers' widows are to be tiie recipients of a
small portion of these benefits which they were so
ready to confer upon the Slates ?
Mr. Chairman, to suppose that the General
Government can be enriched, that it ever has been
or ever will be enriched,many degree, by the avails
from the publie lands, is erroneous. 1 assert, sir,as a
fact, susceptible of the clearest demonstration, that
the lands disposed of by the General Government,
in all the various modes, have not netted the Gov.
ernment a sum equal to 17 cents an ucre. And 1
undertake to say that hereafter they will not net
the Government even so much as that. A gentle-
man near me, [Mr. Stephens, of Georgia,J sug-
gests (and 1 am not certain but he is nght)'that
they have heretofore averaged a net value to the
Government of less than five cents per acre. But
whatever they may hove done heretofore, 1 hesi-
tate not to say that, in my opinion, they will not
hereafter net the Government an average of that
small sum per acre. And that is as it should be.
It ought not to be the policy of this Government
to hold the public lands as a means of replenish-
ing the Treasury. 1 repeat, sir, the Government
o ight not to look to the public lands as a source
of revenue. To do so is a most mistaken policy.
The wise policy of the Government consists in
causing these lands to be tilled and made produc-
tive. It is thus that your country will be en-
riched. It' you hold on to them, and keep up the
price, you prevent their settlement, and keep them
in reality in a condition in which they are value-
less.
But the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
objects, again, that the warrants to be issued under
the provisions of this bill will go into the hands of
speculators. Well,sir, some of them will, no doubt
— we cannot prevent it—but will you on that ac-
count withhold justice from the soldiers5 Sume
of the warrants will unquestionably find their way
into the hands of speculators, but by no means
will they take that direction to the extent which
the gentleman seems to suppose. The veiy first
important effect of this bill will be to arrest specu-
lation in the public lands. Those men who have
purchased land warrants from soldiers on specula-
tion, and hold them, or who have purchased large
tracts of land on speculation, are the very ones
who, of all others, will most dislike to see this bill
become a law, for its direct tendency will be to
dimmish the profits of those speculators. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] says that the
value of the land warrants already issued will be
greatly reduced as soon as you pass this bill. 1
grant it, sir. And so far as relates to those who
have purchased such warrants on speculation, 1
rejoice at it.
Mr. VINTON (the floor being temporarily
yielded to him) remarked, that the soldier had the
option, either to take scrip for land or one hundred
dollars in money. He would state how the account
would stand hereafter. The expenses of this bill
must necessarily be something like, one hundred
thousand dollars per annum to the Government.
The expenses at present were about $500,000; and
the result would be this—ths revenue from lands
would be entirety cut off, and five or six hundred
thousand dollars would have to be paid out of the
customs, or some other source of revenue, to defray
the expenses of the land system.
Mr. BiSSELL, (resuming.) The gentleman says
that the necessary increase of expenses of the Gov-
ernment under tins bill will be one hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum. How can it cost the
Government anything?
Mr. VINTON. I venture to say, sir, that if
the bill passes, §50,000 will not cover the increased
expenditure in the Pension Office alone.
Mr. BISSELL. That it may give occasion for
a few additional clerks in the Pension Office is
probable; but whether the bill passes or not, there
will be additional cleiks required there; but this bill
does not require the establishment of new land
offices, it may require a few additional cleiks m
the Pension Office. In the name of Heaven, sir,
is that an objection of so great importance as to
weigh against the benefits to be derived from the
passage of this bill?
Mr. McCLERNAND desired the gentleman's
permission to siate a fact. The floor Dcing yield-
ed, he said, the reasoning of the gentleman from
Ohio seemed to be ba^ed upon the probable effect
that this bill would have upon the revenue, tie
had heard the gentleman make almost the same
prediction in the same words, in 1847, during the
pending of the bill to grant bounties of land to the
soldiers in the Mexican war—that measure was to
sink all the land levenue; when it turned out that
the revenue lrom that source was augmented the
succeeding year, and has since ranged, with but
very little vanation from the average amount, for
several'ycars belore. So much for trie gentleman's
prophecy.
Mr. VINTON. The gentleman is greatly mis-
taken. 'l'heieceipts from the sales ot the public
lands last year were about $1,500,000. These
bounty land warrants could only be located upon
lands that had been offered for sale, and the rev-
enue which was obtained was by throwing a
latger quantity of new and valuable lands into the
market, to which the Indian title had but recently
been extinguished. _ That was the reason tnat Mr.
Walker assigned, a'nd 1 had many conversations
with him on the subject.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman does
not contradict the statement. He only tries to ex-
plain it away.
Mr. BISSELL. In so far as opposition to this
hill is based on the belief that it will benefit spec-
ulators, 1 have already intimated that its tendency
would be directly the opposite of this. 1 shail be
very glad, sir, it' the double effect of this bill is
found to be to benefit the soldieis and the widows
of the soldiers, and at the same time depreciate
the value of the warrants in the hands of the spec-
ulators.
The gentleman from New York, in his argu-
ment 111 opposition to the bill, endeavors to alarm
the House by saying that it will swallow up, at
orice, a large quantity of the pubhclands. 1 believe
he said tighty millions of acres. No matter, let it
be more or less. "W fiat does he mean when he says
it will swallow up so much of the public lands?
Why he, of course, is speaking liguiatively. He
does not mean that, like some monstrous animal,
this bill will swallow up, annihilate, or carry away
the land. JN'o, sir, he speaks in a figurative and
in a much more pleasant sense. He means that, in
waste prairies and impenetrable forests, smiling
farms will spring up; that the wilderness will be
convened into iruuful fields, and that places, now
desolate wastes, will be made to blossom as the
rose. This must be the gentleman's meaning when
he tells us that this bill will swallow up the public
lands. And 1 should like to know if tile country
will not be the richer, and, in that respect, greatly
the gainer live years hence, in consequence of
such "swallowing up" of the public lands?
The country is not impoverished by such a pro-
cess, sir, it is enriched. There nevei was a more
mistaken opinion than that entertained by gentle-
men who suppose that the country is benefited
by keeping these lands as a means of raising funds
to go into the Treasury of the General Govern-
ment.
I insist, sir, that the effect of the passage of the
bill upon the Treasury of the United States, will
not be to diminish the annual receipts into the
Treasury to any appreciable amount. And this, I
insist, is easily demonstrable.
Now, sir, what are the principles upon which
this bill is advocated ? Why, sir, here is a class
of soldiers rapidly passing away from among us
who, when the country called for their services,
and needed them, without a calculation as to the
value they were to get for those services, without
a thought as lo compensation, seized their mus-
kets and rifles and rushed to the defence of our
common country, many of them leaving families
in destitute circumstances—leaving them, too, for
the last time. A few of these men yet linger
among us, scattered over the country from Maine
to Georgia, and from Florida to Minnesota. Some
of them have long since gone beyond the reach of
your justice or your bounty, leaving widows who
yet survive them in destitution and poverty. To
these persons this bill proposes to set apartasmall
portion of boundless domain, that the brief rem-
nant of their days may not be days of destitution
and poverty.
To these persons this bill proposes to appropri-
ate, to each, a little patch of ground, to be taken
off of the 800,000,000 of acres which you own—•
upon which they may build a cabin—around
which they may run a fence, and from the culti-
vation of which by honest toil they may obtain
bread to sustain them. The bill proposes to do
hat—nothing more. Mr. Chairman, do you grudge
the land thus donated, and for sucha purpose?
I know very well that this bill, like every other,
is liable to plausible objections of one sort and .an-
other, from acute and ingenious men. I know it
is said that speculators may buy some of these
warrants. I know it isurged that the effect of the
bill will be to dimmish the amount of money com-
ing into the Treasury. I know it is said a large
quantity of the public land will be swallowed up
by it. But I do think that all these objections
have been shown by the friends of the bill to be
wholly without weight or force. There is one
other argument against it, however, which I must
notice, and which 1 had like to have forgotten to
refer to. It is the argument of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr., Sackett,] who insists that
there was a contract entered into between the sol-
dier and the Government, by which the soldier
was to serve and receive for his services a stipu-
lated price. This price (which was about §7 a
month) has been paid,it is insisted by the gentle-
man, and hence the soldier has no longer any
claims upon thejustice or the bounty of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, waving for the present all objections
to that mode of reasoning upon a bill like that be-
fore us, I will merely ask if the principle main-
tained by that argument would not prevent us
from bestowing pensions as well as bounty land ?
Has the gentleman never voted in favor of a pen-
sion to a soldier? If he has, the vote so given is
a sufficient answer to the argument he now ad-
vances against this bill.
A contract, forsooth! A soldier may have
fought and suffered, and lost perchance a limb in
defence of our country's rights and honor, and re-
ceived as compensation seven dollars a month!
The Government, m paying that seven dollars,
complied with its part of the contract; and now let
the poor old soldier totter and limp on to his grave;
and let all appeals to the justice and generosity of
his country be answered by saying: " 0, you
entered into a ' contract' with the Government—
the Government has paid the seven doilars, and
thus discharged all its obligations to you; so go
your way."
Mr. Chairman, is such an argument worthy of
being urged against a measure like this? And I
ask again, if this argument would not defeat all
applications for pensions and for everything in the
nature of a pension ? 1 do not pretend to deny
that there is some force in some of the objections
urged against the bill; butl maintain that they are
as nothing when weighed against the overwhelm-
ing reasons in its favor. And 1 am glad that the
bill was introduced; it may not be perfect as it now
stands; let it be perfected, then, by amendments,
and then let us pass it, and show onr sense of
gratitude to those who have fought in defence of
the country. I for one return my sincere thanks
to those gentlemen who have been instrumental in
bringing forward this bill. For myself,and in be-
half of my constituents, I thank them. 1 feel that
such thanks are due to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] who introduced the original
bill out of which the present one has grown. Ths
