1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
collection is more than made up by the increased
amount collected in 1849, compared to 1821. It is
more than double; and all know a large revenue,
all other circumstances being equal, can be collect-
ed for a less rate per centum than a small. Taking
every circumstance into consideration, the rate per
centum ought, instead of being greater, to be less,
in consequence of the increased amount collected.
It ought not to exceed $1,500,000, and might be
reduced to $1,200,000 with good management and
proper economy.
I ought to know something of the revenue and
its collection in 1821. I was :.hen a member of
Mr. Monroe's administration. There was then as
little fraud on thfe revenne from smuggling or other
causes, as cheap and simple as were the laws and
mode of collection, as at present.
Something certainly ought to-be done to reduce
the present enormous expense of collecting the
revenue; but I can tell the Senators, from the ex-
perience I have had in reference to the reduction
of expense, that nothing can be done without.the
hearty cooperation of the head of the Treasury
Department. Little can be done by law. The pro-
posed remedy by specific appropriations will prove
a nullity. The head of the department must point
out the remedy, and make the application, and call
on Congress for any aid he may require. It is
only thus it can evas be accomplished. 'I speak
from experience. I trust it will not be regarded as
egotism on my part, when I say that I thoroughly
reformed the "War Department and its abuses when
1 had the charge of it. I found the expense of the
army to be $4,000,000 annually, and I reduced it
in three yeais to about $2,700,000, simply by ad-
ministration, and that without curtailing its usual
supplies.
But, Mr. President, I have no hope of reform or
diminution of expenditures. Of all tasks, the re-
form of old abuses in the expense of the Govern-
ment is the most difficult. This vast increase of
the expense of collecting the revenue has created
a large and powerful interest to uphold it. That
interest will be opposed to all reduction. But that
is not the worst. There is a still larger and more
powerful inteiest, forming in part a majority of the
whole country, who are interested in keeping up
the present duties on imports. The higher the
duties the better for them. They never will enlist
in aid of reducing the expense of this Government
or correcting its abuses, because that would lead
to the reduction of the duties. I have long seen
and struggled against the- evil, but have utterly
failed to remedy iu It wilt continue and go on,
and become worse and worse until it will corrupt
and ruin the Government.
Mr. IIAMLIN. If I understand correctly the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dickinson,] I shall vote with gre.at
cheerfulness for that motion, while I concur very
cheerfully with what has fallen from Senators all
around me, in relation to the expenditures for the
collection of the revenue for this Government, and
while I am perfectly well satisfied, when the mat-
ter shall come before us for specific appropriations
for each branch of government, by itself, that we
may be able to remove many or at least some of
the evils to which Senators have alluded. What
may or what may not be the specific duties of
Congress in relation to fostering or taking charge
of the commerce of this country, 1 do not now
propose to inquire; but it is pertinent to look at a
state of things which has grown up^vhether they
be right or wrong—whether they are to be justified
and continued, or to be abrogated.
The true object, perhaps, of the revenue-cutter
system, was to detect frauds upon our revenue.
Whatever may have been the true object of our
cutter system, we all know that, as one of the col-
lateral duties of that service, they have rendered
essential service to the commercial marine of this
country, and more especially, most essential ser-
vice, during the inclement season, along the whole
extent of our coast. Now, sir, if we are to sus-
pend the operation of the proviso of this law, or,
jn other words, if we are to refuse to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Dickinson-,] I do not see but that the Secretary of
the Treasury will be Compelled, by the force of
the circular which he has issued, to curtail that
service, or to abolish that service entirely. While,
as I have already stated, I do not propose to go
into the discussion as to what may or may not be
the duties of Congress in relation to fostering or
taking charge .of our commerce, I may take this I
position clearly, that at this season of the year,at.
that period when all the assistance from the cutter
service has been rendered which has ever been
rendered by them to the commercial marine—that
at this season we shall not take that step which
will entirely abolish it, for the simple reason—and
a satisfactory one to my mind, sir—that the com-
mercial marine have had no opportunity to take
those measures which would be necessary to pro'
vide themselves, with an adequate substitute.
With the amendment offered by the Senator
from New York I apgrehend there will be no
trouble, during this fiscal year, in keeping up the
revenue service to its former standard. When
these specific appropriations shall come before
us—when we shall find it our duty to pass upon
its provisions, item by item, for each part of the
whole service of the Government—I apprehend
that I shall be found willing to go as far as he who
may go furthest, in relation -to prescribing the rules
by which the cutter service shall in future be gov-
erned and controlled; but not now, at this season
of the year, and with no notice to the commerce
of the country. For this reason I vote with cheer-
fulness for the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT proceeded to state
the question first upon the first amendment re-
ported from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER. I trust that the Senate will
conscntto waive thequestion upon the.committee's
amendments, and take it at once upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dick-
inson.]
No objection being made, the question was
stated upon Mr. Dickinson's amendment.
Mr. I5RADAURY. I do not perceive that in
the amendment of the Senator from New York, any
allusion is made to the order recently issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury, dispensing entirely with
the revenue-cutter service. I suppose, however,
from the range the debate has taken, that the Sec-
retary will be sufficiently informed that it is one of
the purposes for which this amendment is adopted,
that he may not be obliged to dispense entirely
with the service of the revenue cutters. I certainly
should be unwilling to vote for enlarging the limit-
ation in the original act to which the resolution
refers, if it were not with the expectation that this
branch of service would be, to some extent, con-
tinued. I would be very far from justifying the
enormous abuses and the extravagance which ap-
pear to have grown up from the employment of
these cutters"; but while I find that their service is
to be entirely dispensed with, I have looked with
some surprise to find any indication of any purpose
upon the part of the Secretery to retrench by cut-
ting down the enormous number of agents who
are-now employed in our larger cities by that de-
partment. While by the Blue Book it appears
that less than 500 persons are employed in the
custom-houses of New York, the report of the
Secretary of the Treasuiy, referred to by the mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance, shows that be-
tween 700 and 800 persons are employed in that
city in the custom-house, independent of those
engaged jn the revenue-cutter service. They are
not dispensed with. The vessels are hauled up,
the men are dismissed; and yet the Government is
to pay these officers, when at this season of the
year, as it has already been remarked, their ser-
vices are very important in aiding and relieving
vessels in distress, m bringing them into port, and
services which they are relied upon to render by
all our commercial marine. If we regard it entirely
in reference to its connection with the marine, it
would be a want of economy to dispense entirely
with the revenue-cutter service. I know of no
way in which the same amount of money would
be employed so beneficially to the Government, as
it might be employed in the public vessels—in
furnishing a small class of vessels for the revenue-
cutter service. We could infinitely better dispense
with' the services of some of our larger ships of
war, which are much less important than these
cutters.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not under-
stand the effect of the amendmentexactly. I wish
to know whether the sum expended in 1848 is the
whole limit, or whether, in addition to that, the
Secretary of the Treasury is to have the advantage
of the proviso of the act of March 3, 1849. If it is
to be limited to the amount expended in 1848,1 am
willing it should pass; but if il is to provide the
additional amount of the act of 1849, 1 object.
Mr,. DICKINSON. They will have the tem-
porary advantage of it, undoubtedly.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, instead of a measure of re-
form, it. is a retrograde-movement. I must there-
fore move to amend the amendment by striking
out all after the words " together with such sums."
The question being taken upon this amendment
to the amendment, it was rejected on a,division—
ayes 21, noes 33.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended, the yeas and nays were demanded and
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays
27—as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bertien, Brad
bury, Claike, Clay, Cooper, Corwm, Dawson, Dayton.
Dickinson, Douglas, Greene, Hamlin, Mangum, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Soward, Smith, Spruance, Under-
wood, Upham, Wales, and Webster—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bnnton, Borland, Bright, But-
ler, Calhoun, Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge
of Iowa, Bodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Felch, Foote, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jones, King, Nnrns, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Soute, Stuigeon, Turney, Walker, and Yulee—27.
The Senate being thus equally divided,
The VICE PRESIDENT voted in the affirma-
tive; and the amendment as amended was there-
fore adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT being about to report
the bill to the Senate,
Mr. HUNTER inquired whether the vote had
been taken upon the second amendment reported,
from the Committee on Finance. *
The VICE PRESIDENT replied in the nega-
tive, stating that the amendments of the committee
had been passed oveT* by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER supposed that they had only
been passed over until the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York should be disposed of. For
one, he had not designed to give his consent to it
under any other supposition.
| The VICE PRESIDENT suggested that the
! amendment might yet be moved to the joint reso-
i lution.
j Mr. HUNTER then moved that the joint reso-
, lution be amended by the addition of the following
i section:
i Jlnd be it further resolved, That nothing contained in the
! act aforesaid bhall be construed a* to deprive, the importer
' of the privilege of the transportation of merchandise under
! bond from one district to another, or of revvarehousing the
i same according to the provisions oi the 2d section of the act
I of 6th August, 1846, to establish a waiehmismg sy.-tem, and
j to amend an act entitled "An act to provide revenue from
imports, and to change and modify existing laws imposing
duties on imports, and for other purposes.5'
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate, with the amendments.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I came in while the Senate
was voting, and I am not certain that I understood
the amendment of the Senator from New Yprk,
and I would like to hear it read.
The joint resolution,®as amended, was again
read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, renewed the
amendment proposed by him in Committee of the
Whole, striking out of the amendment submitted
by Mr. Dickinson, ail after the words " together
with such sums."
Mr. DICKINSON. I think the question upon
concurring in the amendments adopted by the
Senate had better be laid over. If, upon examina-
tion, I find that the effect of those amendments
will be injurious, I shall vote against them myself,
though I do not expect that such will be the case.
I move that the further consideration of the sub-
ject be postponed till to-rriorrow. ^ *
The question being taken upon the latter motion,
it was agreed to.
AGENTS 11ST CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now desire to relieve my-
self from the promise I made some time ago, to
move to take up the resolution offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,]
and which was laid upon the table by my mouon.
I now move the Senate proceed to take up that res-
olution calling upon the President for certain in-
formation relative to the appointment of a civil or
military governor of California, the appointment
of agents ttf procure the adoption of a State con-
stitution, <&c.
Mr. DAWSON- I would ask the Senator from
