1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
nor are we -contravening any principle of public
faith in their alienation. This act only pledges
the sales from the public lands, and does not inter-
fere with their use, gift, or sale, by Congress. If
the Un4ted States should deem it sound policy to'
' make a gift of a large portion of tl em to railroads,
canals, or individuals, for the purpose of improv-
*  ingor enhancing the value of the remainder; or if
they choose not to sell or give away any portion,
but to erect improvements upon them, they have
a perfect right to do so, and it is not a violation of
the act of 1847. The pledge of the proceeds of
an immense wilderness domain of land by a
Government, differs widely from the mortgage of
a farm, or the pledge of a chattel—in both of these
last cases, the title or the possession accompanies
the mortgage or pledge. The main object of the
■whole transaction is to get a lien for the security
of the debt; but, in the first case, no title or pos-
session follows the act, and the entire control and^
disposition of the whole fund is left to the Gov-
ernment in her legislative capacity.
Again,sir,it maybe fairly urged, that Congress
had no constitutional power of pledging the public
lands or any public property to individuals, so as
to take away entirely her power of legislation in
regard to them. Tnis very principle was adjudi-
cated by the Supreme Court of the United States,
even in regard to a city corporation, in cases re-
ported in 6 Wheaton and 12 Peters. In those
cases the principle was distinctly settled, that the
Government could not bind itself by a compact in
regard to any article of propeity, so as to cede
away its legislative power, although titles to land
had been given in those cases by the corporation,
yet when it became necessary for the interest of
the public, it was deemed proper that the public
weal should overiide any private interest.
The case before us is that of territory large
enough for nations and States, which makes it con-
tinually a subject for general legislation. The
public domain is really a vast political interest, pe-
culiarly the object of disposition and government,
and this feature of its character brings it more
strongly within the sphere of the principle of the
case to which I have alluded; that is, that the
poWSr of legislation cannot be ceded away by
Congress. This is more especially true in regard
to the act of 1847, for as we have seen it does not
pledge or mortgage either the possession or tide.
If it were necessary to strengthen this view by
any contemporaneous construction,it may be easily
done, for the very same Congress which passed
the act of 1847, in a few days thereafter made a
grant of eight millions of acres of public lands to
the soldiers of the Mexican war; they did not con-
ceive that they were violating their own law, nor
can we be held guilty of it now.
It is said, however, that if not violating the let-
ter of the law, we aie at least infringing upon the
public faith,and thus destroying confidence in our
integrity. It may be remarked, Mr. Chairman,
before answering this argument, that it is notori-
ous, no capitalist ever counted seriously on the
sales of the public lands us a means of reimburse-
ment, more especially after the close of the Mexi-
can war, when we had only incurred a debt of
sixty millions of dollars, and had acquired by the
treaty the immense territory of California and
New Mexico. As in evidence of this fact, it may
be stated, that notwithstanding the grant of eight
millions of those lands to the Mexican soldiers
and the probability of the passage of this veiy
bill, our stock has continually risen in the mar-
ket.
There is, however, a conclusive answer to this
question of public faith. We propose, by a lim-
ited grant of the public lands contained in this bill,
to procure hardy settlers in the territories—men
who shall, by their improvements, render all the
unsold lands more valuable to the Government,
and thus increase to the stockholders the interest
of the remainder. If this idea should prove illu-
sory, one result, sir, is certain; If the now desert
wastes of our territory should be peopled and im-
proved—if cities are built up, and the sound of the
uxe and the saw is heard throughout the wilder-
ness, then the general wealth and population will
be vastly increased, and thus the capability of the
United States to pay her debt be greatly enhanced.
It is said, however, that the cherished policy of
the Whig and Democratic parties on the subject
of the public lands is abandoned in this unlimited
gift of them to the soldiers. Not so, Mr. Chairman.
The policy of the Whig party is a general distri-
bution of the lands or their proceeds amongst the
several States. That of the Democratic party has
been to hold them as a common fund for the bene-
fit of the whole Union, to be applied for the pay-
ment of debts, or the fulfillment of our obligations
or duties in the character of a Federal Govern-
ment. The present bill infringes on neither of
these general doctrines; for, sir, it has alwaysibeen
held that we could make gifts for specified purpo-
ses to States, corporations or individuals; it is
precisely analogous to the power uniformly exer-
cised by the Government in giving pensions and
bounties of every other kind. We exercised this
power but yesterday, in ordering the Committee
on Public Lands to bring in a bill granting a town-
ship of land to each State, for the benefit of their
asylums for the deaf, dumb, and blind. It was
exercised during the war of 1812, and repeatedly
during the late contest with Mexico. There is,
then, no foundation in this objection, nor in any
of those which have been urged against our power
to pass this bill, even in strict conformity to our
previous opinions or general policy. If we turn
from the contemplation of these merely formal
and technical objections to the legality of this
measure, and look to the great political objects to
be attained by its passage, it seems to me there
can be no opposition to "it upon the principle of
expediency.
The European Governments are at this moment
overburdened with the immense expense of their
standing ai mies. Year afier year the people are
taxed to pay these enormous sums for the susten-
tation of bodies of men -whose main business is to
overawe and subdue the very persons from whose
pockets they derive their subsistence. This sys-
tem has been kept up for ages in christian Europe,
and it has been the fruitful cause of more expense
and bloodshed than any other institution in the
history of mankind. These Governments seem
never to have recognized, to any extent, the effi-
ciency of a volunteer system for the defence of
t leir territories. Engaged almost continually in
wars of aggression, and sustaining organized sys-
tems of tyranny and corruption, they never wished
to make the experiment of a defence through their
citizen soldiery; and deeply indeed have our trans-
Atlantic brethren paid the price of this false policy.
Our forefathers repudiated this system, denounced
standing armies as the cause of unnumbered woes
and placed their main, if not entire, reliance for
war, upon the patriotism and devotion of our
countrymen. We have never, in any contest,
paid as good wages to our soldiers as they could
have eained iri any other profession; yet they
have never been wanting m the hour of their coun-
try's need, and their blood has been poure3 out
like rain. We have thus- avoided the expense
and danger of standing armies m time of peace,
whilst we have fully met all the exigencies of war
Now, I ask, even if this strained effort of patriot-
ism could be kept up to the end, would it be right
and proper for every generation to throw on its
more gallant and generous spirits these burdens
and dangers? No, sir, no; if they ask no reward,
so much the greater reason why we should tender
to them or their widows and orphans, a small tes-
timonial of our regard for their magnanimity and
bravery.
But, Mr. Chairman, what security can we have
that this generous inclination of our citizens will
long continue, when, at the close of the war, we
leave them to wear out their lives in penury and
want, or in case of their early death, turn (heir
children adrift on the charity of the world ? Selfish,
worldly wisdom, often comes late, but its final ad-
vent is sure, and the children and grandchildren of
neglected soldiers, will not forget the sufferings
and wrongs of their gallant but unfortunate parents.
Should we give our attention alone to the politi-
cal and pecuniary advantages arising from this
measure, they are amply sufficient to enlist in its
support the hearty cooperation of all classes of
society. The policy of our Government, for many
years, has been, by low prices and public improve-
ments m the neighborhood of our public lands, to
encourage their sale and division; the grand idea
that the earth was made for man has been fully
admitted, and its practical exposition fairly de-
veloped. The unexampled spiead of population—
the increase of wealth—the varied contributions
to the arts and sciences, and the general happi-
ness of the inhabitants, have been the fortunate
results of this expansive policy. We have afforded
a refuge to t&e down-trodden nations of (he Old
World, and organized systems of internal im-
provement and public education,'which have no
parallel in the history of mankind. Why should
we not continue and enlarge the system which has
so much contributed to these results? If our Pa-
cific coast could be lined with its hundred cities,
extending from the northern boundary of Oregon
down to San Diego; if the vast interior hills and
valleys could be filled with the lowing herds and
fruitful fields of a thriving and industrious people;
and if the busy hum of ten thousand workshops
could be daily heard over the placid waters of the
Pacific, would our Government be poorer, or our
country less able to meet her obligations than she
is at present?
It seems to me that in discharging this debt of
gratitude we owe to our citizen soldiery, we should
be increasing our strength and power as a nation,
and we should attach more closely to ourUnion at
this critical moment, thousands of citizens who
have heretofore proved their gallantry iu the field,
and would be ready again, by generosity, magna-
nimity, and conciliation, to show that they were not
unworthy of the benefits conferred upon them. The
advocates of this bill have been accused of an undue
thirst for popularity and pandering to public taste.
This is not a very graceful accusation, or much
calculated for the halls of legislation; but so far
as lam concerned, it falls harmless at my feet.
The main object of my public career, at home and
here, has been for the benefit of the masses of man-
kind. This has been puisued sometimes in oppo-
sition and other times in harmony with their opin-
ions. Whatever of influence or popularity has
been gained by this course, has been rather a pe-
cuniary and social injury than benefit. I have
now no hope or wish for increasing my political
strength, but shall vote for the passage of this bill
on other and far different principles.
There are in my district many of these old sol-
diers and their descendants, numbers of them poor
and needy, arid one of them at least who has
served in four or five wars, and is now refused
even a pension, and suffered to perish in poverty
and want. If there are public lands which can be
properly appropriated to these aged persons, or
their widows and orphans—if a gleam of sunshine
can be thrown around their fast-fading hours by
the bounty of Congress, it shall have my hearty
approval and support. It may be long, indeed,
before we shall look upon a body of men resem-
bling these old soldiers. When and where can
we expect to see exhibited such unshaken patriot-
ism, such self-sacrificing love and immovable de-
votion to the Union and to the flag of our country ?
The very record of such a history is worth more
to us than any pecuniary gift which we could be-
stow in return.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that sailors ought to
be included in the beneficial provisions of this act,
and its neglect of them is urged as a reason for its
rejection. Sir, there is one vast difference in war
in the fortunes of the sailor and soldier, which
renders the distinction in this bill very proper. If
a ship is captured from the enemy the sailor is en-
titled to a distributive share of her proceeds as
prize money, and, if he is fortunate in his cruises,
may soon realize a handsome reward for his labor.
Not so with the soldier; all that he can properly
claim is his pay and his rations, and no fortunate
result can ever honestly fill his coffers with money,
or even pay the extraordinary expenses of his
campaign. A remaikable instance of the inflexi-
ble application of this rule occurred at the close of
the late war with Mexico. When the capital
surrendered to our arms, a contribution of several
hundred thousand dollars was levied on its citizens
and paid into the hands of the Commander-in-
Chief; yet he could not, without transcending his
legal authority,even purchaseclothesforhis ragged
soldiery out of this fund; and although he tool: the
responsibility of using a portion of the money for
that purpose, he is unquestionably liable to the
Government for its reimbursement.
There is, then, no sufficient reason for opposi- -
tion to this measure, and many considerations* hich
appeal to us for its support. With a view to this
support, and to extend its provisions to another
gallant class of men, 1 give notice that, at a proper
time, I will move as an amendment an additional
section, granting bounty lands to the officers in the
late war with Mexico.
