156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
Illinois if be wishes this resolution now adopted.
It is the same which has been passed in the other
. House, and I understand the President has already
replied to that resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Georgia that I was not aware of the
passage of a resolution in the same words as this,
nor was I awore that an answer had been returned
to it. But "still this would not do away with the
reasons I have for calling up this resolution. I
moved to lay it upon the table temporarily only,
and promised to move to take it up again at an early
day. I shall move it to be taken up, and then the
Senate can make what disposition they think fit.
Mr. KING. I shall throw no obstacle in the
way of taking up the resolution of my colleague,
though I think it better to pass it by till to-mor-
row, as there is a great deal of executive business
to be done. However, I am satisfied that it should
come up now, and will throw no obstacle in the
way.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Georgia
is somewhat mistaken in thinking the resolution of
the House is in the same words as this. It is not
in the same words, nor does it contain the same
matter. I think it very possible, however, that the
answer given to that may embrace all that I want
to know; and I am very willing1 this shaU lay upon
the table till we can receive that information.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would rather, sir, it should
be taken up and passed in its order in the proceed-
ings.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution was then agreed to; when,
On motion, it was
Ordered, That its farther consideration be postponed un-
til to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. KING,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time so spent,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 15,-1850.
^The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RULES OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. CLINGMAN rose, he said, to move a re-
consideration of the vote by which the rules of
the last House of Representatives had yesterday
been adopted; and he moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
He took it for granted (he was understood to
add) that if the disposition which he contemplated
was made of the subject, it would leave the exist-
ing rules as they were, exccpt as they might be
altered hereafter by the report of the committee.
Mr. VINTON" hoped, he said, that the motion
to lay the motion to rcconsideron the table would
not prevail, but that the motion to reconsider would
be postponed, that it might be brought up when
the subject of the rules should again come up for
consideration on Monday next.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose, he said, to a point
of order. It was this: The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cijngman] had moved to recon-
sider the vote upon the adoption of the rules, and
had moved that that motion be laid upon the table.
He desired to be informed by the Speaker, wheth-
er the motion to lay on the table was debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, then he should ob-
ject to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
proceeding with any remarks.
Mr. WHITE rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether there were not two motions pending.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. WHITE Are they divisible?
The SPEAKER. The first question will be on
the motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider. If that motion should be rejected, the
question will recur on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the rules of the House have
been adopted. The effect of the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider, will be, to leave
the rules to be acted upon on the day to which
their consideration has been postponed, precisely
as if that motion had not been acted upon at all.
The question, lt Shall the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the rules of the House have
been adopted, be laid upon the table?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative without a division, i
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
ENGRAVING.
Mr. HAMMOND rose and .said that he had
been instructed by the Committee on Engraving
to report a resolution, which he hoped might be
disposed of at this time.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the resolution heretofore submitted by the
Committee on Engraving be recommitted to said committee,
with instructions to ascertain., by such means as .they may
deem best, and report to this House, the probable cost of the
engraving recommended in said resolution.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
adoption of the resolution,
Mr. CONGER said he did not understand that
the committee had as yet reported what the esti-
mated cost of these engravings would be.
The SPEAKER. The resolution now reported
by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hammond]
provides that a report heretofore made by the Com-
mittee on Engraving be recommitted to that com-
mittee, with instructions to inquire into the prob-
able cost of certain engravings contemplated in that
previous report.
In reply to an inquiry by Mr. CONGER—
The SPEAKER said: The committee ask that
their own report may be recommitted to them.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House is the execution of the order of the House
concerning the election of officers; and, first, of a
Sergeant-at-arms. The gentlemen appointed as
tellers are requested to resume their seats.
Mr, HAMPTON moved that there be a call of
the House; and on that motion he asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall there be a call of the
House?" was then taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 72, nays 127.
So a call of the House was refused.
The following gentleman, who were named tel-
lers to count the votes, then took their seats at the
clerk's table: Messrs. Harris of Tennessee, Gor-
man, Johnson of^'Kentucky, and Sackett.
And the nominations heretofore made were re-
ported to the House.
The SPEAKER earnestly requested gentlemen
to suspend conversation whilst the roll was being
called, as otherwise it was impossible for the Clerk
to hear the answers of members.
The roll was then called, being the fifth time.
The tellers reported that 213 votes had been given
in; necessary to a choice 107; of which
Mr. Senter M. Giddings received 101
Mr. Jesse E. Dow  46 '
Mr. A. J. Glossbrenner   22
Mr. J. G Flood 21
Mr. Iliram Walbridge  14
Mr. Rodeiick Dorsey  3
Mr. S. Lewis  3
Mr. Richard R. Shekeil  1
Mr. Amos Lane  1
Mr. Jacob Digelow  1
The following is the vote in detail:
213
For Sontcr M Giddmj^—Messrs. Alexander. Anderson,
Andrew-, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks Bin rows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
E. C, Cabell, Joseph I*. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clark, Chapman, Cob1, Conrad, Cot win, Ciowell,
Debertrv, Dickey, Divoru Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evan?,
Nathan Evans. Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Gnnneil, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Hawnond, Heb-
ard, Jleniy, Jliliiaid, Hon,-ton, Howe, Hunter, Jas.L. John-
son. JCeir, Dmiel P. Kmc.'Opoiue G Kin<r, James G. Kins,
H. Mann, Matshall. Matreson, McGaughey, MeKis-ock, F.
E. McLean, M  aobam, Moore. Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Ogle, Otis. Outlaw, Owen. Phoenix, Pitman, Put-
j nam, Reed, R<>vnold-, Ridley, Rockwell, Ro-e, Rum-ey,
' Sackett, Schenck, Sehenrierhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Silvestej, Spalding, Spragne, Stanly, Ale.\ander H. Ste-
phens, Taylor. John B Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Under-
bill, Vinton, Watkins, White, "Williams, Wilson, and Wm-
throp.
For Jesse E. Dow—Mes«is. Avetett, Bay, Booth. Bowlin,
Boyd, Albert G Biown, Duel, Unit, Geortre A. Caldwell,
Cleveland, Williamson R.W. Cobb, Darnel, Dmihnm,Ewins,
Gerry, Gilmore, Hackett, TVham G. Ilairis, Sampson W.
Harn«, Hihbard, Hoaeland, Holme?, Inge, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones Kaufman, La Sere, Leffier, Lit-
tlefield, McDowell, McMullen, Miller, Moise, Peaslee,
Phelps, Savage, SawtHle, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wm. Thomp-
son; WaUlo, and Whittlesey.
For Mr. Glossbrenner— Messrs. Albertson, Bayly, Bing-
ham, William J. Brown, J. Cable, Howell Cobb, Duikee,
Fitch, Fuller, Hall, Haralson, Job Mann, Mason, McLaria.-
han, Parker, Peck, Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Strong, James
Thompson, and Wilrnot.
For Mr. Flood—Messrs. Beale, Bissell, Bocoek, Colcoek,
Edmundson, Green, T. L. Han is, Holliday, Hubbard, Mc-
Clernand, McDonald, Meade, Milhon, Orr, Powell, Rich-
aidson, Seddon, Venable, Wellborn, Woodward, and
Young.
For Mr. Walbridge—Messrs. Ashe, Carter, Disney, Doty,
Gorman, Harlan, P. King, MeWilhe, Morris, Olds, Potter,
Sweeper, Walden, and Wood.
For Mr. Lewis—Messrs. Bowdon, McQueen, and Wal-
lace-
For Mr. Dorsey—Messrs, Hamilton, Hammond, and It.'
4W. McLane.
For Mr. Lane—Mr. Featherston.
For Mr. Bigelow—Mr. Giddings.
For Mr. Shekel!—Mr. Root.
No choice.
The roll was called the sixth time. The tellers
reported that 211 votes had been given in; neces-
sary to a choice 106; of which
Mr. Giddings received . 102
Mr. Dow  50
Mr. Glossbrenner   25
Mr. Flood   16
Mr. Walbridge 12
Mr. Dorsey    2
Mr. Lewis  2
Mr. Shekeil. •.. )    1
" Mr. Lane  1
211
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Giddings—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B But-
ler,E. C.Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Ca-
sey, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Cor-
win, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, A.
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow,
Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Halloway,Hampton, Hay, Hayinond,
Hebard, Henry, Milliard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James
L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James
G. King, Horace Maun, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, '
McKis^ock, Finis E. McLean, Meachum, Moore, More-
head, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rock-
well, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Sehennerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly,
Alexander II. Stephens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thur-
inan, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams,
Wilson, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Dow—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale, Booth,
Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G. Biown, Buel, George A. Caldwell,
Cleveland, "Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel,
Dunham, Ewing, Gerry, Gilmoie, Green, Hackett, Ishatn G.
Hairis, Sampson W. Harris, Hibhard, Hoagland, Holmes,
liv^e, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kauf-
man, La Sere, J^etller, Littlefield, McDowell, Robert M.
M'-Lane,McMullen, Meade,Miller, Mor.-e, Peaslee, Phelps,
Sawtelle, Fiederick P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Stet-
son, Thomas Jacob Thompson, William Thampson, Wal-
do, and WhittJe-ey.
For Mr. Gio^sbrenner—Messrs. Albertson, Bingham, W.
J. Brown, Cable, Durkec, Fiteh, Fuller, Hall, Haralson,
Harlan, Job Mann, McDonald, McLanahan, Millson. Park-
er, Peek, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Strong, James Thomp-
son, Venable, Wellborn, Wilmot,and Woodward.
For Mr. Flood—Messrs. Baylv, Bissell, Bocock, Ed-
mumloun,T. J--. Hairis, Holliday, Hubbard, Mason,McCler-
nand, McQueen, Powell, Richardson, Savage, Seddon,
Young, and Orr/
For Mr. Walbridsre—Messrs. Carter, Disney, Doty, Gor-
man, P. King, MeWiihe, Morns. Olds, Potter, Sweetser,
Walden, and Wood.
For Mt. Lewis—Messrs. Bowdon and "Wallace.
For Mr. Dorsey—Messrs. Hamilton and Hammond.
For Mr. Lane— Mr. Featherston.
For.Mr. Shekeil—Mr. Root.
No choice.
Mr. RICHARDSON rose and said that he
would now withdraw the name of Mr. Flood.
The roll was then again called, being the seventh
time. The tellers reported that 212 votes had been-
cast; necessary to a choice 107; of which
Mr. Giddings received ,. .100
Mr. Dow  52
Mr. Glossbrenner 40
Mr. Walbridge 10
Mr. J- G. Flood      .2
Mr. Lewis 2
Mr. Washington   2
Mr. Dorsey 1
Mr. Shekeil I
Mr. Lane .1
212
The following is the vote in^detail, viz :
For Mr. Giddings—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Bng2«, Brooks, Burrows, C. Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey. Chandler,
Clark, Chngmaii, Cole, Conrad, Coiwin, Cioweil, Deberiy,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, N. Evans, Fowler, Freedley,
Sentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Halloway, flamy-
