1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
The following is the amendment of which Mr.
E. gave notice;
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted That each commissioned
officer, elected or appointed and commissioned, in any vol-
unteer company or—regiment, or any of the new regiments
raised by the authority of Congress dining the war with
Mexico, and each staff officcr appointed (or that war, who
have nor heretofore been provided by the Genera! Govern-
ment with bounty land or pension, shall be entitled to re-
ceive ceitificates or warrants fioin the Department of the
Interior for ihe following number of acres or quantity of5
land to each, according to their rank: To each Major
General, or Brigadier General, 960 acres; to each Colonel,
or Lieutenant Colonel, 640 acres; to euch Captain and
Lieutenant, 320 acres; which may be located by the war-
rantee or his widow at any land office of the United States,
in notless than quarter sections? ofland in any district tbpn
subject to private entry; and upon the return of such certifi-
cate or land warrant*, with evidence of the location
thereof having been legally made to ihe General Land Office,
a patent of patents fhalJ issue therefor; arid in theevent of
the death of any officer who may have received his dis-
charge before the is&uance of his certificate, then it shall
bp issued in favor, and innure to the benefit of his widow, if
living at the time of the passage of the act; and in the event
of her death before the issue of the certificate or warrant,
then it shall go to his children: Provided, That no land
warrant or certificate issued under the provisions of tins
act shall be located upon any lands of the United States,
to which there shall be a preemption right, unless by the
consent, in writing, of the prt emptor, attested by two wit-
nesses, and filed ui the office where located.
JVtr. MOORE said that, like his honorable friend
from New York, he had been playing at the game
of li leap-frog " considerably this morning, and
had enjoyed much pleasure in the amusement too,
for he was much gratified to see the interest man-
ifested in this matter; and now that he had ob-
tained the floor, he desired to say that he was op-
posed to the bill which was claiming; the attention
of the committee, for the reasons which had been
stated by the honorable gentleman from Maryland,
(Mr. Evans,] and also his honorable friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] which were—that if this bil!
was passed and this immense number of bounty
land warrants created, it would operate almost
exclusively for the benefit of speculators, agents,
and monopolists; while the soldiers themselves, or
their heirs, for whose benefit the bill was intended,
would be but little if at all benefited by it. It is
well known to this House that I have had a bill
on the sub;ect of the public lands before that
committee since the commencement of thesession;
-and I now give notice, that I shall offer, at the
proper time, this bill as an amendment to, or a
substitute for, the bill which is now claiming the
attention of the committee; believing that it will
accomplish all that is proposed to be attained by
the bill now before us; which is, to provide or
give to the soldiers a portion of these lands, and,
at the same time, prevent them from falling into
the hands of agents, speculators, and monopolists,
as would be the case if the bill now before us
should become a law, as 1 think has been clearly
demonstrated by the gentlemen who have preceded
me in this debate.
I propose by this bill or proposition of mine,
Mr. Chairman, to prevent speculation in these
lands, and to secure homes thereon to actu il settlers
and cultivators; and if the committee will give me
their attention for a few moments, I desire to offer
some thoughts and suggestions on the subject,
which 1 consider is one of great importance to our
country, and should demand our earnest and se-
rious attention: in fact, I consider this is eventually
to prove one of the greatest reforms of the age;
and while I acknowledge this to be a subject of
of reform, I wish it to be understood, that I
do not set myself up here as .a reformer, for I
hold that he only can be called a reformer, who
first originates a measure of reform, and I do not
claim the paternity of this measure; nor indeed do
I claim to be the originator of the bill which I have
offered upon the subject, for it is substantially the
bill that was offered in this House during the last
Congress, by a member (at that time) from the
city of New York." The bill, however, has some
amendments of my own appended thereto; one of
these amendments—it being m my opinion an im-
portant one—1 will briefly allude to; and I would
call the attention of the committee to it, as it re-
moves an objection which has been urged against
this measure by some of the gentlemen who have
addressed the committee this morning. The bill,
as originally drawn, gave all its benefits and priv-
ileges to any aliens or foreigners who might here-
after emigrate to our shores, immediately upon
a declaration of their intention to become citizens.
This feature of the bill 1 have altered, for the rea-
son that 1 consider such an inducement held out to
emigration here, would in a short time completely
overrun us with the population of Europe; and I
feel that the inducements which we already have
for emigration here are quite sufficient, not only for
our own good, but also for thegood of those who are
now flocking to our shores by thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands every year. I have, therefore,
confined the operation of this bill to our own citi-
zens, and such aliens, or foreigners, as may now
be among*us, and shall have declared their inten-
tions to become citizens. And here let me say,
that I have noticed a proposition which has been
offered upon the other side of the Capitol, by one
of the honorable Senators from New York, by
which he would give these lands to the refugees
from Hungary, and other foreign countries, while
he excludes our own citizens, by failing to include
them in the benefits of his proposition. Now,
sir, it does appear to me, that in acts of public, as
well as private, charity, we should begin at home,
or at all events, if we begin abroad, we, at least,
should include those of our own family and house-
hold. 1 can see no good reason why we should
deny to the houseless and homeless of our own coun-
try, the children and descendants of those who
foughtand bled for American liberty and freedom—
I say, I can see no go'od reason why we should
deny to them the benefits and privileges which
it is proposed we shall give to those who have
been fighting for liberty in a foreign land. There
is no one, sir, who can possibly entertain a livelier
admiration, a deeper, truer sympathy for the glo-
rious Kossuth ana his companions in arms, than
myself; and yet, while f share in this universal
feeling of admiration and sympathy for them, I
cannot but remember that the very soil which it is
now proposed we shall give to them, has, up
to this time, been denied to the children and de-
scendants of those who fought and bled for it,
and whose life-blood has enriched it. And while
I should be most happy to know that the noble
Kossuth and his companions in arms had found a
home and resting-place upon the soil of our coun-
try, I at the same time want to see the like bene-
fits and privileges extended to our own country-
men.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that I do not
claim to be a reformer upon this subject; and yet
I can truly say that it is one in which 1 have long
feltadeep interest. Some years since, while I was
a resident of the city of New York, and attached
to one of the military companies of that city, I was
called out with that company by the Governor to
quell the riots and disturbances in that portion of
the State which has since been known as the anti-
rent district; and from that time to the present, I
have studied and reflected upon the evils which
must always result to any community from an ex-
tended system of land monopoly. And, sir, it
affords me much pleasure to know that this subject
is beginning to receive the attention of some of the
brightest intellects of our country. It is but a
short time since the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts offered in that body a resolution
upon this subject, embracing one of the main fea-
tures of the bill which I have offered in this House;
and the Senator from Illinois has a bill upon this
subject before that body, and there are some five
or six different propositions before this House, all
looking to some measure of reform upon the sub-
ject of our public lands; and I say it is gratifying
to me to find myself in such good company, on
whatl consider such a good subject. And I know,
Mr. Chairman, that m advocciting a measure of
this kind, that I shall be compelled to encounter
prejudices and opinions upon the part of some of
the members of this House, that are strong and
powerful in their minds, from the fact that, by the
long indulgence of those views and opinions, they
have become with them a settled conviction, that
such a measure is unnecessary and uncalled for;
and believing that the present system of disposing
of our public lands is all that is required, they will
be opposed to any alteration whatever; and unless
we who are in favor of, and disposed to advocate this
measure, can, by such arguments as we may ad-
vance oradduce, secure its passage, we must be con-
ent, for the present, with the consciousness of hav-
ing done our duty to the best of our ability, and await
the future action of the people of this country, who
will, at no distant period, demand from their Rep-
resentatives the reform which we feel is at this
time imperatively called for; and that the longer
it is delayed the greater will be the evil which the
present system is entailing upon oyr country.
And I also know, Mr. Chairman, that in advo-
cating a measure of this kind to the extent which
1 shall advocate it, I am laying myself liable, as "
others have before me, to the charge of being an
agrarian, a leveler, and a host of other fancied char-
acters, from those who look upon all measures of
this kind as an innovation upon all the established
rules of trade and commerce, and an infringement
upon the rights and privileges of our free and re-
publican institutions. Well, sir, if all the danger
I am to meet with for my advocacy of this meas-
ure is to come from these charges or epithets,
why, I say, let it come; and I will trust to the fu-
ture to sustain me in the position which 1 feel it
my duty now to assume upon this subject. And
it is a truth which may be said of all reforms,
that they are unnecessary, unless they can cure
an evil and produce a good. And I hold that the
bill which I have o(Fered will not only do both,
but it will prevent many future evils to our coun-
try, and be productive of more lasting benefits and
advantages to us as a people, than can result from
the action of this House upon almost any other
subject which can be brought before it. The ob-
ject which I propose to attain by this measure ia,
to prevent future speculations in these lands, and
secure homes thereon to actual settlers and cultiva-
tors. And, sir, if I may judge from the remarks
of my honorable friends from Maryland and Ohio,
this morning, they may denominate it apian to
give away all the public lands I—and lam not pre-
pared or willing to admit this, in the sense in which
they use it; for i hold that it is impossible to give
that to any one who airtady has an interest m it,
or to whom it belongs ! And I would ask those
gentlemen, to whom do the public lands belong?
Why, to the people—to the citizens of this coun-
try. It is true, they are held by Government, but
only in trust, for the use and benefit of the people.
And what do we propose by this measure r Why,
to give, under certain restrictions, to any of our
citizens, a deed for a portion of this land m which
they are joint owners. Now, sir, the evil we pro-
pose to obviate by this measure is, to prevent
these lands, or the most valuable portion of them,
from becoming, in a short time, the property of a
comparatively few, and those the rich and wealthy,
to the injury of the poorer or laboring class, who
form by far the largest portion of our population.
And the good we propose to accomplish by it is,
to secure good and comfortable homes for the poor
and friendless of oui country; and I am sorry to
say that, as a general thing, the poor are friend-
less.
Now, it cannot be denied, sir, that for the last
ten or fifteen years, there has been carried on in
our country, a system of speculation in our pub-
lic lands, which, if allowed to continue and in-
crease, must eventually place the most valuable of
those lands in the hands of speculators or men of
wealth; and some of the holders thereof are for-
eigners, too, subjects of Queen Victoria ! It is not
long since that 1 was informed by a gentleman of
Philadelphia of the fact, that the son of a British
Peer had recently employed an agent here to pur-
chase thirty-five thousand acres of 'hese lands in
some one of our western States, as an investment.
And it will not be long, under this state of things,
when a poor man, who may wish to escape from
our crowded and populous cities, which are fast
becoming iozar houses, and take his wife and
children where they can breathe the free and pure
air of heaven, will, it he be enabled to purchase
et all any of the land in which he now has an inter-
est, be obliged to pay just what price the selfish
interest, or grasping avarice of the owners thereof,
may see fit to demand ! And what, I would ask,
is to be the result of these things if allowed to con-
tinue ? Cannot any one possessed of the least dis-
cernment perceive, that it must eventually termi-
nate in a species of industrial feudalism, or a system
of landed monopoly, which has ever been, and
will ever continue to be, the curse of any country
'that tolerates or encourages it. And I am but
speaking the sincere convictions of my heart and
mind, when 1 say, that I think this is a subject,
more closely linked and connected with the inter-
ests and prosperity of our country, than any other
subject which can come before this House for
lis consideration; for I do most firmly believe,
that if the time shall ever come—as I fear it may 
unless some means are taken to preserve the un-
appropriated soil for the mass of the people of this
