1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
country—I say, if the time shall come, when that
soil shall become vested in the hands of a compara-
tively small portion of its citizens, and the masses
shall be precluded from the cultivation thereof, or
the enjoyment of the fame, except it be at the will
or bidding of the few who own it, that time, sir,
will be the beginning of a scene, the end and the
termination thereof no man can tell ! Why, sir,
look at the condition at this time of a large portion
of those who make up the population of thejirmci-
pal cities of our Union ! Are not the working classes
almost constantly m some portion of the country,
engaged in what js denominated " strikes," for a
higher rate of wages, in consequence of the price of
labor being insufficient to support thei rfamilies? A re
there not thousands and tens of thousands actu-
ally suffering for the want of employment and the
necessaries of life? It is but a few days since that
I cut from one of the papers in the city where 1
live, an appeal to the citizens, by thesewmgwomen
or tailoresses of Philadelphia, which, if any mem-
ber of this House would read afid reflect upon, I
am sure would awaken every sympathy of his
nature, and arouse every energy of his mind to the
adoption of some measures whereby such evils as
are there recited, might be removed from among
us or prevented for the future ! And they exist not
only ui Philadelphia, but in every city in our Union.
And what is the cause of these evils ? Why, one
prominent cause is, an overplus of labor jn the
market, and a consequent reduction in its price or
value, by the competition it produces; for labor,
like everything else, must and will be governed in
its price or value by the demand for it; and every
year in our country, by the steady increase of this
portion of our population, and the superseding of
labor by machinery, is the demand for labor de-
creasing,.whilelabor itself in increasing. And what
is to be be done with this surplus labor—these think-
ing, moving, mental machines, who require meat
and drink to sustain the life their Creator has given
them? Are we to build poor houses and alms-
houses to people them wilh this portion of our
population ? Are they to die and rot as in Ireland
for the want of that sustenance which they would
gladly earn in the sweat of their brow, if the priv-
ilege of so doing could be granted them? Are
they to beg or sreal that winch they cannot earn ?
Sir, it is to prevent such scenes and consequences
as these that we advocate the measure now claim-
ing our attention. To the labonng man and me-
chanic of our country, who are unable to procure
employment, and whose families are in this suffer-
ing condition, we would teil them to leave these
crowded and populous cities, these busy marts and
whirlpools of strife and contention, where sordid
avarice is crushing the feeble, and selfish interest
cares not for the helpless, and go to the green hills
said sunny plains of the far West, where they can
have a home of their own and where they can
worship their Maker under their " own vne and
fig-tree?" Sir, if we could HI this at the present
time to those vfltary and toil-worn creatures, in
whose breasts there is scarcely a ray of hope left,
with what a thnil of rapture wouM it be received
by them ! Tt 1! such a poor creaturc that he is the
owner of a quarter section, or even eightv acres, of
good land, and give him a title to the same, of
which he nor his childien can ever be divested,
either by the cunning of his fellow man or the iron
grasp of the law, and independent of the joy you
will have infused into his heart, you will have
done an act which will have tended to secure more
firmly than ever the prosperity of our people and
the perpetuity of our institutions; for, by an act
like this, you will have made a citizen one who
will feel that he is in truth and reality apart of
this Government, and that, in ics continuance and
durability, he is directly and intimately connected;
aye, sir, the moment you give a man 'tike this a
title-deed to a portion of the soil upon which he lives,
and by which he is enabled to support his family,
that moment does he indeed feel that he is a man;
and you identify his interests wiilv the Govern-
ment under which he resides; and m the sustain-
ing of that Government, and the enforcement of
law and order, you will find him ever ready to the
sacrifice of his life if necessary. I question, sir,
whether there is a member of this House, whose
experience wiil not sus:am the truth of this posi-
tion; who can not say, from actual observation, that,
as a general thing, the law-abiding and useful citi-
zens of the community in which they reside, ate
tho^e who have some vested right, or pecuniary
interest at stake, in which the laws of their coun-
try is to protect them. Now, I do not wish to be
misunderstood in this matter; I do not wish to be
understood as saying, that 1 believe the property
holders, or the rich and wealthy, are the best citi-
zens of this or any other country, while the poor
are the worst and most useless class, as I do not
*so believe; for I believe those ate the best citizens
ofany country who are neither rich nor very poor,
and ihat the happiest community where the means
of subsistence is within the reach of all. But
the fact which I wish to enforce or illustrate is
this—that as a general thing, of those who make up
thelongcatalogueof criminals and offenders against
the laws of our country, not one in a hundred will
be found to be owners or possessors of property
of any kind; and whenever we are called upon to
witness the destruction of property, or of life, by
riots or mob violence, as has recently too often been
the casein our country, not one in a hundred of those
composing the active participants of those riotous
assemblages, will be found to have any pecuniary
interest at stake, under the laws they are thus vio-
lating. Now, I do not suppose, by any means,
sir, that any legislation whatever, which may
emanate from this body upon the subject of the
public, lands, or any other subject, will effectually
cure all these evils, or render entirely useless the
criminal code upon our statute books; but I do
believe, that by legislation here, we may cure
some of the present evils,and pievent many future
evils of this kind, to our country; and in no man-
ner do I think it can be more safely and effectually
done than by securing this beautiful domain, this
soil of Heaven, which is, after ail, the true source
of all our wealth, and from which every creature
of God must subsist, either directly or indirectly.
Secure this I say, from the blasting, avaricious
grasp of the'speculator, and retain it for the poor
and friendless of the present, as well as future
generations. Now, as I said at the commence-
ment of these remarks, I may be charged with the
manifestation of an agraiian spirit, or desire to
limit the acquisition of wealth, by preventing the
citizens of this country from buying and selling
and trading, to any extent they may 'see proper,
in these lands, the same as they do in any other
marketable commodity. Such is not my feeling
or intention, sir; I desire to put no limit whatever
upon the acquisition of wealth, for I cai e not if the
money-worshippers or money-seekers of our
country shall count their dollars by millions, and
their title-deeds and mortgages by hundreds; but
when that portion of the soil which is now vested
in the right of the citizens, and the various avenues
of trade and commerce are insufficient to satisfy
their avaricious thisst for wealth, and they shall
seek to increase their already untold thousands
by grasping that portion of the soil now held by
Government, and which belongs to the people,
then I would say to him, hands off. 1 would tell
him that this soil is not to be bought and sold
like bank stock in the market. Why, sir, if we
wanted any illustration of the evils arising from
an extended system of land monopoly, it is
unnecessary for us to go to unhappy lifland for
it, where it exists to such an alat tiling extent, and
where we have seen the tumble pvils resulting
from ir, and to which the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr.,Holmes] has this morn-
ing alluded, when he called our attention to the
millions who die there from starvation and want.
We have here in our own country an instance of
evils which lesult from a large system of land mo-
nopoly. I allude to that portion of the State of
New York which is known as the anti-ient dis-
trict, and where have been enacted scenes which,
to say the least, are discreditable to an enlightened
community and a republican Government like
ours. And I wish it to be understood, that in
thus alluding to the disturbances in this portion of
the State of New York, that I do not uphold those
anti-renters in their violent measures and opposi-
tion to the laws of our country; for if they have
no right or title to the land on which they reside,
and the title be good and valid in ihe family who
claim it, then those tenants are riot, and cannot be,
justified in forcibly violatirg or resisting the law of
their State which would enforce the collection of
their rents. Cut J allude to this existing state of
things in that district, as an evidence of some of
the evils which result from a very large system
of land monopoly; and I believe, if the time shall
ever arrive, as I fear it may, unless some means
are adopted to prevent it, when the soil which is
n*Ow held by Government shall become the prop-
erty of a comparatively small number, and ihe
mass of the people shall be piecluded fiorn the
cultivation of it, or the enjoyment of the same,
except it be at the bidding of the few who own it—
i say, if this time shall come, if we do not, our
children at least may live to see these scenes of the
anti-rent district enacted in more than one portion
of our now happy country. Why, sir, 1 presume
the fact is well known to the most of the members
of this House, that the whole of one county in the
State of Illinois is at this time in the possession
of a gentleman who is a resident of the city of New"
York. I was at first informed that it belonged to
a gentleman who was but iecently a member of this
Blouse, but have recently been told thai it does not
belong to him, but to a brother; nevertheless the
fact exists, that the whole of that immense tract
is now in possession of one family.
Mr. VIN'iON, (in his seat.) Yes, and they
'procured it through this very system of bounty
land warrants, which this bill pioposes to in-
crease.
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir, 1 know it is as the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio obscivc?: they did not
buy this land directly fiom our Government under
the operation of the preterit system of disposing
of these lands, but they got them through the op-
eration of this bounty land system. And 1 do not
allude to this fact m the way of a complaint against
that gentleman, for he had an undoubted legal
right at least to buy those lands at the very lowest
prices he could, from the poor soldiers, who were
obliged by their necessities to sell them for what-
ever they could get for them; but 1 al!udej.o it as
an evidence of the fact, that so long as this system
of bounty land warrants, or any other, is in opera^
tion, by which the capitalist can, by means of his
wealth, secure the soil of our country at such
prices as must inevitably largely increase his
wealth, so long will ho do it, utterly regardless of
the injury which may accrue thereby to the
mass of the people around him, who are unable
even to buy sufficient whereon to live and sup-
port their families. And 1 would ask, what is
to be the ultimate result of these things, if they
are allowed to continue? TVke the instance 1
have just alluded to as an example, and no sane
man, I apprehend, wiil believe that the purchaser
of all those lands bought them for the purpose of
selling them again at-the same pi ices, with the
simple addition of interest to his money. We all
know human nature too well for that. And it is not
unreasonable to supoose, that in the course of a
few years the land adjoining or contiguous to that
land will be settled upon by thriving and industri-
ous farmers, which will add immensely to the value
of his land; and if a poor man shall then want to
buy a farm of that proprietor, think you he will
not have to pay a little more than six per cent.ad-
vance on the original cost? aye, sir, and it may be
j more than six times six; and perhaps he will not
j sell at all, but will only rent his fauns, as in the
| case of the anu-rent district; which.he would have
an undoubted right to do, for the land belongs to
i him and he can never be divested of it, and never
| should be divesied of it, let him do v/ith it as
I he might. And suppose he should collect aiound
I him one or two hundred tenants with their fami-
| lies, who would be dependent on his will or the
j will of his heirs for the tenure of the soil they
| were thus enriching and cultivating: Is it to be
| supposed,! would ask, that that community would
j be as happy anu thriving arid piosperous? Would
they be as good citizens as they would, could
; every man say that the land he wiTs enriching and
] cultivating was his own and for his children? I
| was forcibly impressed with the truth of an obser-
| vation in a speech of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia,{Mr. Meade:] he said, "Blessed is
' that country where every child is born a land-
1 lord." Aye, sir, blessed is that country indeed,
i as is the case with every child who now first draws
: the breath of life in this free country of ours. And I
1 would not only have it continued bo, but I would
j have it so that every such child at the ageof matu-
rity should have, if he needed it, a "title deed to a
! portion of that land whereon he might live and
support his family. It is not unreasonable to
suppose, sir, that we have at the present time in
our country, at least one hundied thousand fami-
lies,—yes, I believe we have five times that num-
ber, who are sadly deficient of the means of securing
