1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
INVASION OF CUBA.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the Senate take up
the message of the President, communicated on
the 31 instant, in relation to the revolutionary
movements against Cuba, in order that it might be
printed.
The motion was agreed to, and the message was
before the Senate to be disposed of.
Mr. YULEE. It will be recollected by the
Senate that some time ago, when this message
was received, I suggested some objection to its
being then ordered to be printed. I preferred
that, in the first place, it should have a reference
to a committee. However, as some gentlemen
then desired to discuss the subject which it in-
volved, its reference was postponed. I desire nt>w
to say that I have no objection to the printing',
though nearly all that is material in it has been
printed already; but, as I still desire a reference of
this matter to a committee, I am anxious to know ~
whether, if the printing be ordered, the reference
can be made before the original documents shall (
be returned from the printer? If so, 1 shall desire i
the Senate to withhold them for the present. |
Mr. DAWSON. In every such case, thedocu- j
ments received from the Executive are ordered to j
be printed; but on the motion of the Senator from ,
Florida, these documents, without being ordered
to be printed, were laid upon the table, it is true
that many extracts have been made from this
document since it was laid before the Senate. Yet
still I desire that it should be printed. It ought to
be printed before it is referred; but I have no ob-
jection to its reference to a select committee.
Mr. YULEE. With that understanding, I have
no objection to this motion; but I now give notice
to the Senate that at an early period I will ask that
this subject be taken up and disposed of.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he would, on
gome suitable opportunity, ask leave to bring in a
bill to<eede the public lands remaining unsold to
the States in which they lie, and for other purposes,
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subseqent day, ask leave to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of John Edsall.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. WALKER moved that the Senate take up
for consideration the resolution submitted on the
J3th instant instructing the Committee on Public
Lands to report back to the Senate, bill No. 85;
which motion having been agreed to, the resolu-
tion was read and adopted, as follows:
Resotued, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to report buck to liie Senate the hill entitled " A
bill to cede the public lands of the United Slates to the
States respectively m which they are sttua'led,on Condi ton
that the said States eha'l severally grant at,iil convey the
said lands to actual occupants only, in limited quantities,
for cost of survey, transfer, and title muniments meiely."
DONATION OF LAND FOR A RAILROAD.
Mr. ATCHISON moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 21,
being the bill granting the State of Missouri the
right of way and a portion of the public lands for
making a railroad from the town of Hannibal to
the town of St. Joseph, in said Slate.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a substitute. This >
bill is in conformity with the decision of the Sen- j
ate on a bill of like character. Except the names
of the towns at the termini of the proposed road, '
it is the bill passed by the Senate making a like
donation of lands to the State of Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the amendment concuried in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time and passed.
RECORDING CONSIGNEES OF VESSELS AR-
SON AT SEA.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 87, being the bill to provide for
recording the conveyances of vessels and for other
purposes.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following sections:
"Sec. 7. Jlnd be it enacted, Tbat any person, not being
 n owner, wiio shall on the high seas wilfully, with intent
to burn or destroy, set fire to any fliip or other vessel, or
otherwise attempt tfie destruction of such ship or other
vessel, being the property of any citizen or citizens of the
United States, or procure the same to be done, with tiie
intent aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall
suft'et imprisonment to haid labor for a terin not exceeding
ten vears^nor less than three years, according to the aggra
vati'm of the offence.
" Sec. t. This bill shall be in force from and after the
1st day of October next ensuing."
That amendment is offered in consequence of
the discovery of its necessity on the recent trial of
a person for arson in setting fire to a vessel, in
which the indictment failed. It was the opinion
of the judge who tried that case that the language
of the statute was not broad enough, and to
remedy that defect this amendment has been pre-
pared. ' The other section requires no explanation,
If gentlemen desire any explanation of the bill
itself, it can be given in a few words. It makes
provision for recording the conveyances of vessels
in such a manner that the fact shall have ample
publicity.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to inquire if the amend-
ment now presented comes from a committee?
Mr. DAVIS. It does riot. The committee by
which the bill was reported was not acquainted
with the necessity for the amendment when the
bill was under its consideration. The amendment,
as I have stated, was drawn up since a recent trial
for burning a ship at sea, in which its necessity
was made evident.
Mr. YULEE. The amendment proposes to
add another to the criminal otfences on the statute
book, and to provide for that offence a severe pun-
ishment. I should much prefer tbat the Senator
should embody his amendment in a separate bill,
which may be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the penalty proposed?
Mr. DAVIS. Not exceeding ten nor less than
three years.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and the question was stated
to be on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I fit be now in order to move to
refer this whole subject to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I should like it to take that course, un-
less the chairman of that committee is prepaied to
say that he approves of the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I presume the Senator from
Massachusetts has had his amendment drawn up
in a sufficiently guarded manner to define the
offence; and if so, I think the penalty is quite
moderate for a man who will deliberately burn a
ship upon the high seas. I give it my individual
sanction, without undertaking to speak for the
committee, i desire, however, to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if this amendment has been
drawn so as to define that offence according to the
common law import?
Mr. DAVIS. I know not how far I shall be
justified in the statement, but in answer to the
Senator from South Carolina, I will inform him,
that it was drawn by one of the judges on the
Supreme Bench.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I am satisfied. 1 regard
that as sufficient.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I do not press
the desire for a reference which I expressed.
Mr. HAMLIN. An objection is suggested to
my mind, as the bill now stands. Will the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts show me how he makes
the amendment germane to the bill to which it is
attached ?
Mr. DAVIS. The bill makes provision for the
enrollment of conveyances of vessels, so as to give
to the fact ample publicity, and the amendment is
designed to supply the defect in the criminal statute,
so as to define and provide a punishment fpr burn-
ing vessels at sea. It seems to me that the amend-
ment is sufficiently germane.
The amendment was then concurred in, and the
bill w as ordered to be engrossed for a thirct read-
ing, and was read a third time and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel,
administratrix on the estate of A. R. Hetzel, late
assistant quartermaster in the army, was read a
third time and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the Senate take up
for consideration Senate bill number 50—being
the bill for the relief of the heirs of J udith Worthen,
deceased; which motion was agreed to.
In explanation of the object of the bill> the hon-
orable gentleman read the report of the committee
on the case.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time and passed.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill for the admission of California
as a State into the Union, to establish territorial
governments for Utah and New Mexico, and ma-
king proposals to Texas for the establishment of
her western and northern boundaries.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, had moved to in-
sert at the end of the 21st section the words:
"And that all laws or parte of laws, usascs or customs,
preexisting in the territories acquired by ilie United Smtes
from Mexico, and which in said territories restrict, abridge,
or obstruct the full enjovmrntof any right of person or prop-
erty ot a citizen of the United States, a-? recognized or guar-
antied by the Constitution or laws of the United States, are
hereby declared and shall be held as repealed."
Which Mr, Haix had moved to amend by add-
ing the following:
" Provided, That the laws abolishing slavery in the said
territories are excepted from this repealing clause. 
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Hale, it was rejected.
On the amendment of Mr. Davis, Mr. HAM-
LIN called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered, and being taken, resulted as foliow:
VEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell," Berrien, Butler, Clemen%
Divis of Mu<si.-5-i'n>|,i) dawson, Foote, Houston, Hunter,
King, Mason, Morton, Pearee, Rusk, Sebastian, SouU,
and Yulee—18.
NAYS Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Ca«s,
Chase. Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Massachu-
setts, D.wton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dndge of Iowa, Felcn,
Greene, Hamlin, Jones,Miller,Norris Phelps, Pratt, Shield*,
Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Uphain, Walker,
and Whitcomb—SO.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENTON", at an earlier period of the day,
before this bill was taken up, gave notice to the
Senate of his intention, at a convenient* opportu-
nity, to offer an amendment, which he submitted,
that it might be ordered to be printed.
The amendment was ordered to be printed, as
follows:
Strike out of proposition let, of section 39, after the word
«bfginning," thede word^, "at the point on the Itio del
Noite, commonly called El Paso, and running up that river
twenty miles, measured by a straight line thereon, and
thence eaftwardJy to a point where the hundredth degree of
we.-tlonsitude crosses Red. river, being the southwest angle
on the line designated between the United Slates and Mex-
ico, and the same angle in thehneofthe territory set apart for
the Indians by the United States j" and insert after the said
word u beginning" these woids " at the. pointm the middle
of the deepest channel on the Rio Grande del Norte, where
the same 13 crossed by the one hundred and second degree
of longitude webt from the meridian of Greenwich ; thence
nftrthf along that longitude, to the thirty-fourth decree of
north latitude; thence eastwardly to the point at which the
one hundredth degree of west longitude crosses the Red
nver."
Mr. WALKER. 1 move to amend the ninth
section of the bill by adding thereto the words
"and such aliens born as have declared their in-
tentions to become citizens, according to the laws
of the United States," so as to make it read:
" Prowled, That the right of suffrage, and of holding
office, .'hall he exercised only by citizens ot the United
States, including those recognized as citizens hy the treaty
with the Republic of Mexico, concluded February 2, 1848,
and such alirns born a* have declared their intentions to
become citizens ot the United States."
Mr. KING. 1 really cannot see what the hon-
orable Senator wants. Does he mean to confer on
aliens residing in the territories privileges which
aliens residing in the States do not possess ? Under
the treaty, the Mexicans inhabiting these territo-
ries were made American citizens on certain con-
ditions, and of course will be allowed to vote. It
certainly cannot be the intention of the honorable
Senator to allow Chinese, Sandwich Islanders,
and others who know nothing about our institu-
tions, to vote and be eligible to office. If he does
not mean that, 1 should like to know what the
amendment does mean. I should really like to
have some explanation of its object.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I mean pre-
cisely what the amendment expresses. I mean
that all aliens in these territories, who have de-
clared their intention to become citizens of the
United States, shall be allowed the privilege of
voting. This is a subject that has been heretofore
considerably discussed in Congress. 1 do not feel
any desire to discuss it now. The provision which
I have proposed as an amendment to this bill was
not contained in the bill providing for the govern-
