1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 16, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Navy, made agree- 1
ably to law, showing a list of the punishments in
the Navy, so far as received since the last'report
to Congress upon that subject; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, ac-
companied by a communication from the Colonel
of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, m rela-
tion to repairs of the Cumberland dam.
On motion of Mr. BELLv ordered that it be
printed with the accompanying map.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report from the Commissioner of Patents,
made agreeably to law, in relation to the Patent
Office.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, ordered that it
be printed. «
Mr. T. also moved that the usual additional
copies be printed; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of State, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
15th instant, communicating a copy of the corre-
spondence with the Consul of the United States at
Valparaiso; which was read.
On motion that the report and accompanying
papers be printed, the motion to print was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of cer-
tain registers and receivers of land offices in the
State of Arkansas, asking compensation, retro-
spective and future, for the additional duties im-
posed on them by the entry of military bounty
3and warrants; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREENE presented the memorial of J. P.
K. Henshaw, for himself and co-heirs of Daniel
Henshaw, late of Middlebury, Vermont, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on that
subject.
Mr. G. moved that all the memorials heretofore
presented by him, relating to the same subject, be
referred to the select committee; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Benjamin F. Brooks, for himself and the co-heirs
of Horace Hooker, late of TJtica, New York,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition of
citizens of the State of Kentucky, asking that a
certain mail route may be so changed as to pass by
" Buena Vista Springs," in Logan county, in that
State; wRich was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, from officers and soldiers, including volun-
teers, of the last war with Great Britain, asking
the passage of a law granting a portion of the na-
tion's wide-spread domain to each officer, commis-
sioned and non-commissioned, according to rank,
and to each private soldier and volunteer, that has
not received from Government any other than the
pay and allowances authorized by law at the com-
mencement of the war.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hold in my hand, sir,
the proceedings of a public meeting held in the city
of Louisville, and conducted by officers and sol-
diers of the war of 1812. I hold in my hand, also,
sir, the report of the committee appointed at a for-
mer meeting, made to this subsequent meetiog, held
on the 5th of January last. The report was unan-
imously adopted by the meeting, and it is in the
form of a memorial to Congress, the object of
which is to ask the Government of the United
States to give the officers and soldiers of the war
of 1812 land bounties. I hope, sir, that the papers
may be received and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
1 will remark, sir, while I am up, that when
gentlemen are presenting memorials on behalf of
the exiles of Hungary, and proposing to give them
land because tliey have been unfortunate in con-
ducting the war in defence of free principles, I
hope that this memorial on behalf of the officers
and soldiers of the war of -1812, asking for land,
may be favorably considered.
The petition and accompanying papers were re-
ferred to.the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Car-
olina, asking that metal buoys, of an increased
size, be substituted in the place of those at present;
used on the Charleston bar; that the outer buoy of
the ship channel should be a bell buoy: that a
buoy should be placed'on the Middle Ground
Shoal, in the harbor of Charleston; that a light-
ship should be placed on the Rattle Snake Shoal,
to the northeast of the bar; and that a tower of the
third class should be erected in front of the light-
house on Morris's Island; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting in the city of
Charleston, in relation to indemnity for French
spoliations; which was referred to the Select Com-
mittee.
Also, the petition of Edith Forns, widow of Ed-
mund Forns, asking full pension under the act of
July, 1846; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented documents relating to
the claim of Nancy A. Dewitte to the residue of a
military bounty land warrant; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Indiana, in relation to the procurement of a
grant of land of 4,000 acres, in the Miami reserve,
for the use of the Indiana University, in lieu of
4,000 acres conferred by Congress in the Vin-
cennes University act, of the two sections of land
previously granted by Congress to the State of In-
diana, for the use of the Indiana Seminary, in the
counties of Gibson and Morrow; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of John
Watson, asking the payment of a sum of money
due him under the treaty of 1837, between the
United States and the Saginaw Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Charles
Lee Jones, asking compensation for services ren-
dered and expenses incurred in raising, organiz-
ing, and subsisting volunteers for the service of
the United States in the late war with Mexico ;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. H. moved that the memorial be printed;
which motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
EMPLOYMENT OF CHAPLAINS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand two memorials from citizens of the State of
Virginia against the employment of chaplains by
Congress, and in the army and navy of the United
States. The petitioners are highly respectable per-
sons, and they have signed these remonstrances in
alt sincerity, and have requested me to present them
to the Senate for the action of this body. I there-
fore move that these petitions be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They were accordingly referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, ana the question of printing
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TURNEY. I desire that the petition which
was presented by me some days ago in relation to
the same subject be referred to the same commit-
tee.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the petition, sir?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a petition
remonstrating against the employment of chap-
lains by Congress, and in the army and navy of
the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. Other petitions of a similar
character have been presented, and they were, I
believe, laid upon the table. I think the same
course that was pursued in reference to those peti-
tions should be taken in regard to this.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move that it belaid upon
the table.
Mr. TURNEY. Petitions of the same charac-
ter have been presented and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I do notperceive how
we can properly refuse to refer this to the same
committee. We cannot consistently refer a peti-
tion in one case, and refuse to do so in another.
Mr. BUTLER. As it seems to be supposed to
be the duty of the chairman of each committee to
guard its own jurisdiction, as well as in some
measure to claim what is due to it, 1 have said, as
regards these petitions, that I have no particular
objection that they should go before the Judiciary
Committee in the first instance. However, another
petitions have been laid upon the table, although
one has been referred, the attention of the Chair"
not having been directed to it, I move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which it wa3 referred, in
order to let that petition take the same direction as
the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is not
in order, as there is another motion pending. It is
moved to refer the petition to the Committee op
the Judiciary," and a motion has been made to lay
that motion on the table.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Georgia to withdraw that motion for a moment,
to enable me to set myself right.
Mr. BERRIEN. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. I presented two petitions, sir,
which were sent to me by certain citizens of Vir-
ginia, and stated, what I knew to be the fact, that
they are from highly respectable persons in that-
State, mostly members of the Baptist Church, who
sincerely believe that the whole matter is wrong.
They requested me by letter to ask that their peti-
tion should be printed and so referred. Now, I have
no more sympathy with this movement than the
Senator from Georgia has. I think my constitu-
ents are wrong in relation to this matter; but I sub-
mit to the Senate whether it will not be better, in
order to quiet agitation in regard to it, if gentlemen
are afraid of anything of the sort, that the petition
should be referred, tQ. save trouble hereafet.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition very nu-
merously signed by citizens of the State of Missouri,
remonstratingagainst the employment of chaplains
in the public, service; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of William
Wood, in behalf of himself and a volunteer com-
pany of Texas riflemen, raised for the service of
the United States in the late war with Mexico, ask-
ing to be allowed extra pay and bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Harriet F. Fisher, asking
compensation for a machine invented by her late
husband, and used by the Government for char-
sing percussion caps; which, with the papers on
fileln relation to the said claim, were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
I present to the Senate the memorial of a large
number of persons, who cfescribe themselves as
boot and shoe makers, living in the county of
Worcester, in the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. They represent, sir, that a gentleman of the
name of Thomas Blanchard has now a petition
here, for I do not recollect precisely what, though
I believe, sir, it relates to the protection of his
right as patentee. The petition was presented a
few days aeo. These petitioners state that Blanch-
ard has enjoyed the privilege of his monopoly
for thirty years, under two renewals by Congress;
that previous to the last renewal, the article pat-
ented, which is, as I understand, a machine used^
among other things, for the manufacture of shoe-
makers' lasts, which could be obtained at a rea-
sonable price from those, who manufactured them
with this machine, which turned a variety of ir-
regular forms. They also state, that upon the re-
newal of the patent the last time by Congress, the
riffhts of purchasers of this machine in Massa-
chusetts were not protected, and Blanchard has in
consequence made such arrangements, exacting of
course pay for the running of any machine, the
right to use which had been previously purchased,
for its renewal, as were designed and intended
o-reatlv to increase the price of this article in the
market, and that he has accomplished that object.
They say that he lias driven a portion of those
persons into the British provinces to set up their
machines, which they can do ttere, without being
subject to the patent, and he is. now seeking to
obtain from Congress a law which shall impose
a duty upon the machines thus manufactured
abroad. The petitioners remonstrate against this.
I believe that Blanchard's petition was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I will move that
this remonstrance go there also.
ft was so referred.
Mr. DAYTON. I beg leave to present a me-
morial from certain individuals living in the city of
Newark, New Jersey, representing that the per-
