1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
railroad companies, and for other objects, may it
not be well to decide that, out of the immense pub-
lic domain, extending as it does from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific in immense quantities yet undis-
posed of, those who have participated in your
wars shall receive a small share? A part of them
have already received it. Give it, then, to others
whose meritorious services equally entitle them
to it.
I had intended yesterday, Mr. Chairman, to
gay much more on the subject. But the points I
h$.ve reserved have been so fully and ably dis-
cussed by other gentlemen, that I shall desist from
troubling the committee with any further observa-
tions.
Mr. H. gave notice of the following amend-
ments, which he would offer or not, as the course
of proceeding might render proper, viz:
" That all bounty iand warrants, or certificates, which
may hereafter he issued under the provisions of the 9th sec-
tion of the act of February 11,1847, and under till* act, shall
be issued, located, and patented in the. name of the soldier
who pel formed the service, whether living or dead, and
such patents shall mnure to the benefit of the person or per-
sons entitled to the same.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no transfer of
land granted in virtue of this act,or any other law giving
b <unties of land to non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, shall he valid unless the contractor agreement
therefor, or letter of attorney giving power to sell or con-
vey, shall have been executed alter Ihe patents shall be is-
sued and delivered to the persons entitled thereto."
Mr. WATKINS followed.
Mr. W. said, that he had desired to obtain
the floor upon this bill before the lime had so
nearly arrived for the termination of this debate, j
but was unable to do so when he would have had
more time for elaboration than was now allowed
him. He had no wish, however, to prolong the de-
bate beyond the limits assigned it by the parlia-
mentary action of the committee, if it were in his
power to evade that rule. He would therefore
proceed, without preliminary remarks, to offer to ij
the consideration of the committee the reasons i|
which governed his action in reference to this bill.
He proceeded to reply to some of the arguments j|
of gentlemen who had spoken on the previous day !i
in opposition to this bill, in the course of which |:
he said he must necessarily cordense and abridge :
his arguments, so as to attain all the points he tie- ij
sired to make within the prescribed rule. He II
showed,from statistical reports,thenumberofacres
Mr. Vinton in regard to the effect of the bill upon
the revenue—the one a free-trade man, and the
other an advocate of protection. He argued that
it would give an impetus to everything connected
with, and brought into requisition, in the way of
productive labor and industry—the interests of
both of which would be promoted. He expressed
his surprise that gentlemen would calculate the
importance of this bill by the cold and iron rule
of the loss or gain of a few shillings of the proba-
ble future treasure of the nation. He referred to
arguments urged, that it would favor speculation—
argued to show that it would have a directly op-
posite effect by increasing the number of land
warrants in the market, and thereby lessening the
inducement both to buy and sell. He replied to
the suggestions of gentlemen to give bounty iand
to everybody—those that were, or had been en-
gaged, in the civil as well as the military service
of the country. He referred to history to show
the character of the services and claims of the
gallant soldiers included in the provisions of the
bill—spoke of the universal gratitude due them
from the whole American people—reminded gen-
tlemen that they were indebted to those patriots
and soldiers for most of the rich and highly-es-
teemed privileges and immunities of this model
Republic.
[A more extended report will be given here-
after.]
Mr. WHITE gave notice that he would at the
proper time offer the following amendment:
Sec. 2 Jind be it further enacttd, That all land warrants
issued under and by authority ot this act, shall be for the t.ole
use and benefitol the persons therein n.lined, and their heiis.
and shall not be transferable or liable for dtbr, but remain
the property of the afoiesaid parties or iheir heirs, inaliena-
ble ; and provided the said warrants are located within five
years from the day they are issued, otherwise said warrants
shall be void and of no effect.
The hour of one having arrived—
The CHAIRMAN announced that the time for
debate having closed, the committee would now
proceed to vole.
Mr. WHITE gave notice of an amendment
which he should offer hereafter, it not now being
in order, which was read for information.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, rose for the purpose
of making a few observations on the remarks
which had fallen from the gentleman from Mary
of public lands belonging to the Government of the tl land, [Mr. Evans.] That gentleman (said Mr.
United States ; the number of soldiers that ap- !i C.) seems to be impressed with the idea that he
pea ied, from the rolls in the Adjutant General's1! knows everything and thatl know nothing. Iknow
office m Washington, to have been engaged in the 1  ,u"' ,u" " ,u""" --
sefvices that this bill was designed to provide for;
and the proportion of this domain in actual acres
that it uould require to fill the provisions of this
bill. He argued that it would be, as shown by
the statistics which he had exhibited, a very in-
signifemt expenditure compared with the whole
amount of public lands, and the vast advantages
accruing therefiom to those proposed to he provi-
ded for by the bill. He replied to the argument of
Mr. Vinton, as to the effect the passage of this
law would have upon the revenue of ihe country,
and its tendency to direct taxation, and contiasted
the effects of this with the distribution policy for
which both the honorable member from Ohio and
himself were advocates, and he trusted, honest ad-
vocates; and showed the results were no more
alarming in the one than the other. He answered
the objection of Mr. Evans, of Maryland, to (he
bill on the ground that it did not provide for sail-
ors, &c.
He noticed the argument of Mr. Vinton as to
the probabte effects it would have upon the man-
ufacturing and producing States, showing that it
would not, in his view, have any prejudicial in-
fluence upon the southern or« western producing
Stales. It had been urged by gentlemen in oppo-
sition to this bill, that it would injure all the old
States. He could not conceive that such would
be the result. True, it would diminish the specific
population in each old State in proportion to the
inducement it offered to emigration; but it could
not lessen the aggregate population, and could not,
therefore, have any bad effect in that particular;
but would, in his judgment, greatly' improve and
ameliorate the condition of those who emigrated
We.-t and occupied these lands, while no detri-
ment coufd result to the States whence they mi-
grated, except a very slight and inconsiderable
dimmuiion in the numerical strength of popula-
tion. He alluded to the singular and unnatural
coincidence in the arguments of Mr. Holmes and ,
very well that the gentleman from Maryland pos-
sesses great ability, as I served with him for about
two years on the Committee on Public Lands.
He is, doubtless, perfectly acquainted with our
land system in all its ramifications; and 1 am
always ready, sir, to yield to him as knowing
everything, while I know nothing. The gentle-
man from Maryland put a question to me yester-
day, asking me to inform him " how many sol-
diers this bill provided for, and how many soldiers
there were in the war of 1812." He said, also,
that he desired to know " how many soldiers
there were in the Indian wars of 1811, the Florida
war, and General Wayne's war." I replied to
him that I had the documents before me which
would enable me to Snswer his questions. But
how many of these soldiers have since died, and
how many widows there are who may claim un-
der this bill, it is impossible for me to know. I,
therefore, am not prepared to say how much land
will be requited to satisfy all the claimants under
this bill, if it should psss. If the gentleman from
Maryland is sincerely desirous of obtaining this
information, and will call on me privately, 1 think
1 can be able to tell him the probable number of
soldiers in Wayne's war, and of those who ren-
dered services in the other wars.
Mr. EVANS. How many?
Mr. COBB. It is not necessary to answer the
gentleman now. I have all the information on the
subject from the Adjutant General's office; not
having the facts of my own knowledge, 1 made
application to the proper source, from which 1
have obtained it.
The gentleman from Maryland had proposed a
substitute for this bill, granting one hundred and
sixty acres of the public lands to every person
who will permanently settle upon and cultivate
the same. And this proposition he makes, after he
had urged that it would be in violation of the
pledges given by the act of 1848, of all the public
lands for the payment of the principal and interest
of the debt of the United States, to give these
bounty lands as a reward for the services rendered
in war. If the argument of the gentleman from
Maryland was good against granting away any of
these lands, was it not equally good against grant-
ing them all away? If we have no authority to
take any of these lands, how can we take all?
The argument of the gentleman from Maryland
has been sufficiently answered. I desire now to
ask the gentleman whether, ifthe bill wereamended
according to his suggestion, he would vote for it?
And as I should like a plain answer to this ques-
tion, I will wait to give him an opportunity to
reply.
Mr. EVANS. I would not.
Mr. COBB. Then the House may see at once
with what object the gentleman suggested the
amendment. His desire is to defeat the bill. I
hope, then, that the committee will look out, and
see the character, the object, and the effect of the
various amendments which may be offered by
those who are only actuated by a desire to destroy
the bill. If the fiiends of the measure do not act
with vigilance, we shall get no bill at all. The
gentleman from Maryland has not evinced any
liberality in relation to those soldiers who have
fought the battles of their country, but he is never
backward or scrupulous when the Government
comes here to as)t for money.
I desire to ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] who has also expressed his intention to
vote against this bill, because it will cause finan-
cial embarrassment, how ofien he has voted away
the public lands for internal improvements, rail-
roads, and domestic institutions? I am satisfied
that he has frequently given his vote in favor of
such donations; and the record will show that he
is willing so to dispose of the public lands. Then
he runs foul of his own principle, that the state of
our public finances does not authorize us to give
away any portion of the public domain. 1 cannot
see how ihe gentleman from Ohio and the gentle-
man from Maryland can extricate themselves from
these difficulties into which they have plunged.
I do not know, sir, that any gentlemen here are
engaged in speculating in these bounty land war-
rants. I have not that apprehension of the danger
which these claimants will run cf being ruined
by speculators which the gentleman Irom Ohio
seems to have. I think, sir, that under the pro-
visions of this bill, the claimant may get enough
land to go and settle himself on, without the risk
of falling into the hands of speculators. I cannot
say how many speculators there may be on this
floor. I hope there are not any; but there may
be some who hold land warrants now. I cannot
take it on myself to say how many persons there
may be here who are engaged to put this bid down.
But I will not go into this matter. It is not for
me to impugn the motives of others.
I had intended, Mr. Chairman, to go over the
whole argument of the gentleman from Maryland.
But others have answered him until there is not a
shadow left to justify me in consuming the time of
the committee in obliterating. I was amused, sir,
at the argument of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.] I name lnm, because
I do not desire to get into another scrape such as
I have fallen into once. He said this bill was a
Wilrnot proviso; and that the only difference be-
tween it and the Wilmot proviso was, that the lat-
ter took from one section of the country and gave
to another, while this bill took all the lands away
from the Slates and scattered them abroad for any
who might claim them. I do not think, sir, that
the argument was at all calculated to affect the vote
ofa single Wilmot proviso man or a single one
who is opposed to that proviso. I do not think
the gentleman was so scrupulous when the bill for
the improvement of the harbor of Charleston was
under consideration. The gentleman was in favor
of that bill; and I also voted for it.
It would be improper in me, Mr. Chairman, to
consume any more of the time of the committee.
This is the first opportunity I have had of occu-
pying the floor for twenty minutes. I have tried
to get the floor frequently, but have never been
successful. And even now that i have obtained
it, I intend to forego the pleasure I should feel
m eulogizing the services which have been ren-
dered by our volunteer soldiers in fighting the
battles of the country. It would in some respects
be pleasan^o travel over the subject, while it
would be painful in others. "While it would be
