164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
sons referred to by the Senator from Massachu-
setts are engaged in violating the rights of the pat-
entees of Mr. Blanchard's machine, by using his
patented machine, and asking that they may be
protected by law in the enjoyment of their legal
right. The prayer of this petition is the very re-
verse of that presented by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I move its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The petition wa&so referred.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial kof mer-
chants, ship-owners, insurers, and other citizens
of the United States, asking the enactment of a
law defining the duties of shippers, and limiting
the liabilities of owners of freighting ships in cer-
tain cases.
"The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of the rep-
resentative of Elizabeth Yerby, asking indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 3800; which was
referred to the Select Committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of Robert P. P. Fowler, a clerk in the
office of the chief engineer of the army, asking an
increase of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs of Henry Perrine, asking an extension of
time for occupying a township of land granted for
the cultivation of tropical fruits; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
SLAVERY" IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SEWARD. I have received the petition
of 225 citizens of the State of New York; and,
out of deference to the sentiments expressed by
several Senators here, it is proper that I should
distinctly state its character and objects. It is a
petition praying for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia; and I move, sir, without a
knowledge of what is the customary disposition of
subjects of this kind in the Senate, but in obedience
to my own view of the right to present petitions
of this description, that the reading of the petition
be dispensed with, and that it be referred to the
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BERRIEN". I move, sir, that the question
of the reception of this petition be laid upon the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question.
Mr. KINGr. I stated the other day, and I
thought sufficiently ctear for every Senator and the
Presiding Officer to understand, that petitions of
this kind are objected to, and that their reception
will be objected to, and will never be tolerated by
a portion of this Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon me. The question now is upon laying the
question of the reception of the petition upon the
table.
Mr. KING. Acting upon this principle, the
question ought to have been put by the Presiding
Officer, " Shall the petition be received ?" It is on
that point of order that I now rise. If the Presiding
Officer will refer to the rule he will find that it is ex-
pressly declared that every paper shall receive the
sanction of the body previous to its reception. If
it is in the knowledge of the Presiding Officer ob-
jectionable, it is his duty to put the question,
'• Shall it be received?" And then a motion may
be made to lay the question of reception on the
table.
I state this that we may not get into the difficul-
ty that we once did by discussing this question.
When the Presiding Officer puts the question,
" Shall the paper be received?" then it is in the
power of any Senator to make a motion to lay it on
the table; and it is laid on the table without de-
bate, if the majority of the Senate so decides;
and thus we get clear of the discussion of this
agitating question, which is constantly raised by
miserable fanaticism. I say this in order to show
that it is not necessary for the gentleman from
Georgia to make a motion against the reception of
the petition.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have made no motion against
its reception. I have taken it for granted, though
the Chair did not formally propound the question,
that the question of reception is now beforfl*the
Senate; and I move to lay that question upon the \
table, according to the uniform practice.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
pardon me. I am only anxious that the usual
course should be taken. The Chair announced
that a motion had been made that the petition be
received and referred. The Chair was not aware
that the Chair had any power to present any ques-
tion other than the one which was moved.
Mr. KING. As a matter of course, " Shall the
paper be received?" is the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is to'lay Ihe motion of reception on the table.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, were
then taken, and resulted thus:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Borland, Blight, Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Cif mens, Davis of
Mi^i^ippi, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Foote, Hou ton, Hunter, Jones. Kir?,
Mason, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Soule,
Sturgeon, and Turney—3-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Chase, Claike, Cooper, Cor-
wm, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge o( Wisconsin, Felch,
Greene, Hamlin, Norris, Thelps, Sewaid, Shields, Smith
Spruance, Upham, Wale«, and Walker—19.
So the motion to receive the petition was laid on
the table.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of the
heirs of John Baptiste Valle, asking confirmation
of their title to a tract of land; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of merchants and other cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, asking the construction of \
ice harbors in the Delaware river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the memorial of
Benedict J. Heard, on the files of the Senate, was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, 1
Ordered, That the petition of the citizens of Maine, rel-
ative to abolishing the employment of chaplains, he referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN,
Ordered, That the memorial of James Mcintosh, on the
fil^ of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the memorial of Isaac VV. Griffith, on the
files of the Senate, be referred on the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON,
Ordered, That France* C. Elliot, widow of Jesse D. Elliot,
have leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
A PRIVATE CLAIM.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave, sir, to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the petition and papers
of Roddy, Carter, and Jennings, and refer them
to the Committee of Claims. I wish to say, in
relation to these papers, that they were before the
Committee on the Judiciary during the late Con-
gress, at the time when I was chairman of that
committee. 1 made an examination into their
claim as far as it was practicable for any gentle-
man engaged in the duties of this body, with
whatever industry he might apply himself to the
work, to do. The papers were of such a volu-
minous character and involved with such compli-
cated accounts that it was utterly impracticable for
any eentleman, unless he abandoned his duty here
altogether, even to understand their contents, far
more to form a judgment upon them. It was for
military rations furnished during the war of 1812,
and involving the sum of six millions of dollars.
I thought it my duty, therefore, to recommend to
the committee that they should ask the Senate to
refer these accounts to special auditors. The com-
mittee concurred in the recommendation, and the
Senate, at the instance of the committee, referred
the accounts to the First, Third, and Sixth Aud-
itors, with instructions to examine and report
their opinion to the Senate. This resolution was
passed in August, 1848, and a report was made at
the close of the last session. Mr. Hagner, the
Third Auditor, from indisposition, was unable to
act. The accounts were examined by the First
and Sixth Auditors, who are now no longer in
office, and they have made it as clear to me as it
can be made, that they were sedulously and con-
stantly engrossed in that duty at night for the pe-
riod of six months, and that a great amount of
labor was performed, as is shown by the report.
I think it, therefore, incumbent on me to submit
to the Senate that these gentlemen should be com-
pensated for their services. The report which
they made is embraced in some seventy odd pages,
I think, of closely written manuscript. And any
gentleman who will take the trouble to look at it
will find that they have not only bestowed upon
the work great labor, but they have performed
their duty well. As the report stands, the debt
due, in the judgment of these two gentlemen, is
presented in a most clear and lucid manner, and it
will now be for the Committee of Claims to deter-
mine whether anything, and if so, what, is due to
these contractors.
The claim which has been presented by the
contractors amounts, I think, to some two hundred
thousand dollars; but, as it stands, in the judgment
of the Auditors, the amount will be about forty
thousand dollars; and if certain principles which
may be adopted by the committee should prevail, I
presume that nothing will be found to be due. I
have asked that these papers may be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to, and it was ordered
that the memorials and papers on filer in the Senate
relating to the claim of Roddy, Carter, and Jen-
nings, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MASON. I now ask leave to submit a res-
olution for the payment of these gentlemen.
The resolution was read as follows :
Risolved, That the Secretary pay out of the contingent
fund of the Senate to William Collins, laie Fir>t Auditor,
and Peter G. Washington, late Sixth Auditor, the sum of
seven hundred and fifty dollar* each, for seivites rendered
in examining and stating the accounts in the case of Jen-
nings, Roddy, and Carter, in accordance with a resolution of
the Senate ot,'the lith August, 1848, reported by them to the
Senate on the 12th February, 1849.
And that he also pay to William D. Bagnall the sum of
one hundred dollars, to Pntchard the sum of forty dol-
lars, and to Moses M. Myers the sum of twenty dollars, for
services rendered by them in examining and stating ac-
counts from the banks at Norfolk, Richmond, and Peters-
burg, respectively, pertaining to said claim, and at the re-
quest of &aid Auditors.
Mr. MASON. I ask for its consideration now.
Mr. BENTON. Is it for the payment of mon-
ey?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. Then it is subject to the rule
which governs all bills or resolutions for the pay-
ment of money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
call the attention of the Senator who introd-uces
this resolution to the 26th rule.
The rule is as follows:
" Every bill shall receive three readings previous toils be-
ing passed; and the President shall give notice at each
whether it be the first, second, or third; which readings
shall be on three different days, unless the Senate unani-
mously direct otherwise. And all resolutions proposing
amendments to the Constitution, or to which the approba-
tion and signature of the President may be requisite, or
which may grant money out of the contingent or any other
fund, shall be treated, in all respects, in the introduction
and form of proceedings on them, in the Senate, m a simi-
lar manner with bills; and all other resolutions shall he on
the table one day for consideration, and also reports of com-
mittees."
The resolution was therefore laid over-under the
rule.
RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE AT WEST POINT.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether the 127th paragraph of the regu-
lations of the Military Academy at West i'oint, or any in-
terpretations thereof liy the Superintendent of ?.aid Acad-
emy, or the War Department, interferes with the rights
guarantied by the Constitution to eiti?.ens of tiie United
Slates concerning the fiee exercise of religious belief.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN,
Revolted, That the Secretary of State be requested to com-
municate to the Senate such information or particulars as
may have come to Ins knowledge, respecting ihe detention,
imprisonment, and barbarous tieatment, by the Japanese
Impenal and Provincial authoiities, of American seamen
who have the misfortune to be shipwrecked on the coast
of Japan and its dependencies, which are now frequented by
a large American whaling fleet in the peaceful pursuit of their
lawful enterprise.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be also lequested to
communicate to the Senate such rccent and reliable infoim-
ation, in the poises-ion of the Department of State, as
relates to the Independent Oriental nations and their capa-
bilities for a profitable American commeice; and that he
report on the expediency of the appointment of a special
diplomatic agent or commissioner ot the United States, to
be vested with authority to open amicable relations anil
make commercial treaties with the sovereigns of those
nations.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State he further requested
to report to the Senate whether the treaty between the United
States and his Majesty the King of Siam, of the 20lh March,
1833, has not been violated by the King, in the monopoly by
his Majesty of the trade in several of the staple products of
thatcountiy; and which may require the intervention of our
Government in order to place our commercial intercourse
with that kingdom, abounding in all the elements of a profit-
able commerce, upon a proper footing, and stipulate for the
