1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
pleasing to travel over the history of those scenes
and those exploits which have built up for us a
glory not surpassed in the history of any country
or of any age, especially over the services of those
who are embraced in this bill, I will still forego
that satisfaction. When I return home, if I can
tell those veterans of these old wars who stil^ lin-
ger in my district, that this bill has passed, that
the Government has at length evinced a proper
appreciation of their sei vices, and have given t'-iem
a substantial recompense for toils and sufferings
endured so many years ago, 1 shall feel suffi-
cient gratification to repay me for refraining now
to enlarge on the subject. I might expatiate, sir,
at length on the situation of these old soldiers,
fading away under the blight of timej and of the
duty which has devolved on us to smooth their
• descent to the grave. It would be a pleasant
theme for me to descant on, and for them and their
children after them to refer to. But I am not
going to dwell on these topics, deeply as they in-
terest me. 1 trust I may stand here, not to-day,
but at some future time, and give a full expression
to my feelings on this subject; and whenever that
time shall come about I shall deem suitable for
such a purpose, I shall be found ready to do my
duty.
Mr. C. having concluded— '
The committee proceeded to vote.
The following is the state of the question. • The
bill of Mr. Cobb is as follows:
Be it enacted by Ih<• Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
each non-commissioned officer, musician, and private, en-
listed or regularly mustered into, and served in, any volun-
teer company lor a period of six months and over, in Ihe
war with Great Britain of eighteen hundred and twelve,
thirteen, fomteen, and fifteen; Ihe. Indian wars of eighteen
hundred and eleven; the (Florida) deminolean war of
eighteen hundred and thirty-five, thirty-six, kc ; or in the
war, known as General Wayne's war, of seventeen hundred
and ninety-two to ^venteen hundred and ninety-five, that
have not been heretofore provided for by the General Gov-
ernment with bounty land, pension, or a bounty ol more
than fifty dollats, and who have received an honorable dis-
charge, shall he entitled to receive a ceilificate or wai rant
from the Department of the Interior, for those who served
six months or over and less than twelve mnnlhs, eighty
acres; and those who served twelve monihs and over, one
hundred and sixty acres of land ; which may tie located by
the warrantee or his widow at any land office of the United
Slates, in tracts of not less thin eighty acres each, and in
conformity with the lenal subdivisions thereof, in such dis-
trict then subject to private entr\; and upon the return of
such land warrant or certificate, with evidence of the loca-
tion thereof ha\ing been legally made to Ihe General Land
Office, a patent ."-hall i^sue thereto!; and that, in the event
of the deaih of any non-comtnissioued officer, musicia'n, or
private, wiio may have received his di-charae, and before
tile is-ne of the cerufica'e or wanant,ihen tt shall be issued
in lavor, and mnure to Ihe henefif of bis widow, lfliving at
the tune of the pas-age of this acl; and 111 the event of her
death before the issue of the certificate or warrant, then it
shall^o to his children, if any; and all sales, mortgages,
powers, or other instruments of wi itinir, goinn to affect the
title or claim to such bounty right, made or executed prior
to the* issue of such warrant or certificate, shall be null and
void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; nor shall any
such claim to bounty right be, in any wise, affected or
changed by any soldier prior to the issuance nfsueh certifi-
cate or warrant* Provided, That no land warrant or certifi-
cate, issued under the provisions of this act, sh -11 be located
upon any lands of the United States to which there shall be
a preemption right, unless by the consent, in writing, of the
prpeuipt"i\ attested by two respectable witnesses, and filed
lil the office where located.
To this bill several amendments had been offered
or given notice of; of which the following moved
by Mr. McDonald came first in order;
Strike out of the fifth line of the bill the words " for a pe-
riod of six months and over."
Mr. KERR, Mr. MATTESON, and Mr.
MEADE respectively proposed to offer certain
amendments, which were not received at this time,
not being in order.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. McDonald, and the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. MEADE offered the following amendment:
Strike from the fifth line the woid "volunteer."
Mr. MEADE said that the object which he pro-
posed to accomplish by striking out the word
"volunteers" was, that the bill might embrace
within its provisions the soldiers who had been
drafted into the service during the war with Great
Britain in 1812. It would be recollected that in
that war it became necessary to draft militia for
the defence of the sea-ports, and it was well known
that during the performance of that service there
was more mortality amongst those drafted troops,
when brought to the sea-coast from the interior,
than perhaps was ever consequent upon any con-
flict with the enemy. Of his o.wn State he could
speak understanding^; for they had milita
drafted for this kind of service, and he could safely
say that not more than one half, he believed not
more than one third,*of those who were drafted
ever returned to their families. There was ex-
traordinary mortality among them, the yellow fe-
ver and other epidemics prevailed, and those who
finally returned to their homes, returned, in a large
number of instances, with broken-down constitu-
tions.
He apprehended, that in making grants of the pub-
lic lands, the object ought to be to extend to every
part of the United States the benefits intended by
such grants. Certainly it was not intended by
the framers of this bill that its benefits should be
confined exclusively to the volunteers who served
in the Indian wars. There were volunteers en-
gaged in service during the war with Great Britain,
from the eastern States; yet it was well known
that in most instances those who were called on
to defend the country, were called upon sudden
emergencies, when invasion was threatened, when
troop3 were required to be brought into the field
before regularly-organized corps could be formed
and brought into service. The governors of the
various Slates bordering on the Atlantic were re-
quired, whenever such emergency arose, immedi-
ately to embody a force for the purpose of pro-
filing the sea-port towns; and hence it was they
were obligffll to resort to the more expeditious
mode of drafting the militia.
He had already stated to the committee that this
class of soldiers suffeied severely, and probably
more severely than any other class who served in
that war, or in any war in which the United States
have been engaged since the formation of the
Government. He trusted that the amendment
would be adopted, for there were persons in all
sections of the Union who were interested in it,
and who would bo benefited by its adoption. It
was the only way in which the sea-boaid States
could deiive any benefit from this source of public
revenue. It was the only practical way that could
be proposed, under our present system, to extend .
to those vast districts of country lying along the 1
sea-board, a participation in the benefits arising
from the public domain. He had not offered the
amendment with the view of making a speech
upon it; he had offered it in the hope that it would
be adopted. He thought that equity and fairness,
and equal justice to all, required that it should be
adopted.
Mr. VENABLE appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw his amendment, to enable him to speak,
pledging; himself to renew it.
Mr. MEADE said, he had offered the amend-
ment in good faith to have a vote upon it. He,
however, withdrew it.
Mr. VENABLE renewed the amendment, and
said: Mr. Chairman, I intend to vote for this
amendment, although I am obliged in candor to
acknowledge, that 1 am opposed to the principle of
the bill. I wish to be understood that 1 am not
opposed to extending the bounty of the Govern-
ment to the soldiers of our several wars, whether
with a savage or a civilized foe. But I do not
think that we can, in good faith, vote away the
proceeds of the public domain by so large a trans-
fer of the lands themselves. For the thirty-six
million loan made in the commencement of the
Mexican war, we, in the law authorizing that loan,
offered the public creditor the pledge of the public
domain and its proceeds for the payment of the
interest and the redemption of the principal of that
debt. Among my constituents, if a man gives a
mortgage on property for the security of a debt,
and then runs off that property, or diverts it to
another debt, he would be said to have done some-
thing very much resembling swindling. 1 cannot
conceive of any code of morals which would make
it right for us to do so as a Government, without
theconsentof thepubliccreditor. Gentlemen may
say, that the loan which has no such pledge as a
security is of equal credit in the maiket. That is
most probably owing to the fact that the first loan,
being secured on the public lands, gives all the
other resources as security for the second loan.
Whatever reason may operate, we have no right
to withdraw security without the consent of those
who advanced their money upon the faith of the
Government. There is another reason why the
operation of the bill is unjust and injurious. We
have placed a minimum price on the public lands;
| vast multitudes of persons haye honestly invested
their money in those lands at tbe sales made by
authority of this Government. When we throw
eight millions of acres into the market as bounties
to soldiers since the year 1791, it will reduce the
price of the lands to the lowest point. Now,
is it just to injure the fair purchaser, who bid at
the sale upon the faith that the Government would
adhere to its system of sales, and especially when
the proceeds of the sales had been pledged for the
redemption of a debt due at a distant date ? Do
gent'emen make appeals in behalf of soldiers and
their heirs, in order to inflict a great wrong upon
those who have made an honest investment founded
in confidence of the good faith of the Government?
Sir, I am not unfriendly to the claims of the sol-
dier But I am not willing to offer him a reward
which breaks the faith of his Government. The
gallant soldier, whose very life is honor, would
not, if he understood it, be willing to receive a
bounty which was to be paid by a breach of faith.
Sir, I intend to test the sincerity of gentlemen. I
shall move an amendment which substitutes a
money bounty for lands at a dollar per acre, to be
received in scrip, payable at the pleasure of the
Government, at an interest of three percent. If gen-
tlemen are sincere, they will come up to this meas-
ure; and it will test their friendship to the old soldier
whose claims have so often been marshalled before
the public—whose wounds anil scars, whose pov-
erty and neglected merit, have donemuch more for
the popularity of the orators who have ornamented
their discourses by such contributions to his fame,
than for the deserving individuals of whom such
handsome things are spoken. 1 will go as far as
the furthest in rewarding liim; but I am desirous
at the same time to do justice to others. If all the
public lands are to be'"given away, give them to
any industrious man who will go and settle on
them, and honestly occupy them for the benefit of
his family.
The hammer fell.
Mr. HUBBARD, and others, rose to address
the committee.
Mr. MEADE said, he was willing to withdraw
the amendment to any gentleman who wished to
renew it, and speak to the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD inquired if it would not now
be in ordf.r to move a substitute for the whole bill ?
The CHAIRMAN replied: Not at this time.
After some conversation, however, several gen-
tlemen, manifesting a strong desire for the with-
drawal of the amendment,
Mr. MEADE withdrew it.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, renewed the
amendment. He was in favor of the adoption of
ihisamendment; for he desired that the provisions
of the bill should extend to all the soldiers who
were engaged in the war of 1812 The bill re-
quired amendment, and he hoped it would be
amended before the taking of the final vote upon
its passage. It had been prejudged by the gentle-
man from Maryland that members upon that floor
supported this measure for Buncombe. He de-
sired to relieve himself from this charge. It was
his purpose to represent the will of the people who
sent hirr, here. He took it for granted that the
gentleman from Maryland represented his people
truly in the views which he had presented, and ho
certainly thought that honorable gentleman ought
to be liberal enough to aliow others to represent
the views of their constituents.
The people of his State were in favor of this
bill, the people of his district were in favor of it,
and it was his duty to vote according to their
will, whatever that will might be. If that was
Buncombe, then he would admit that he was for
Buncombe; and if the gentleman from Maryland
did not represent the will of his people, then the
eentleman, he supposed, must be said to be anti-
Buncombe.
During the war of 1812, the people of Kentucky
supported the war. A distinguished gentleman of
that State, now a Senator in the other end of this
Capitol, took high ground in its support. And
the people of Kentucky had lecemly, through
their Legislature, declared themselves in favor of
this bill. There was but one sentiment in that
State, so far as he knew, in regard to it, and that
was in its favor; the people themselves stood com-
mitted to the principle of the bill, and he would
be as justifiable in the eyes of the people whom
he represented, bad he opposed the war of 1812,
as he would be now if he were to go home and
tell them that he opposed this bill.
