1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
of Kentucky fiad not to this day received a cent
for the services of their horses or for their own
services ay mounted men, beyond die m?antry pay
J have before r«-fe red 10. W ill the honoiable gen-
tleman from Georgia, [ VIr. Toombs,] pietend that
the mere pittance which the Kentucky" troops
would leceive under this bill, is a gratuity? Why,
sir, in view of the facts to which i refer, the idea
is preposterous. Sir, the small portion of land
which each would get, but poorly discharges the
debt due to them from their country.
But, it is said by many gentlemen, that the
amount of land appropriated by this bill is so enor-
mous that it would absoib nearly all of the public
domain. Admit this to be true—had we not bet-
ter dispose of the public lands in this way than
squander them in the innumerable projects for waste
and plunder with which we are piesented every-
day ? But the most extravagant calcula.ion yet
made by any of the opponents of this bill, only
makes the numbei of acres to be appropnated in
the shape of bounties to the soldiers, Jorty millions.
Well, sir, how much public land have we. JNot
less than one thousand mdlionb vj ucrts. i do not
beltve that ten millions of aeies will be needed for
the purposes of tin* bill, and that number may
well be spared from the almost inexhaustible quan-
tity belonging to the Government, in the discharge
of a debt so binding: and obligaioiy by every pnn-
ciple of honor and justice, us that due to the old
soldiers.
My honorable friend from North Carolina has
repeated to-day what was so flippantly asserted
yesteiday, that the public lands were mortgaged
or pledged for the loan created to carry on the
Mexican war. 1 dtsiike to differ from that gentle-
man upon a subject of so much importance as the
one now under consideration; but i am compiled
to s\y, that m my judgment he is mistaken, and
there exists no such mortgage or pledge. The
usual revenues derived from the public lands weie
dedicated by the law authorizing the loan, as a
fund with which to buy up the bonds of the Gov-
ernment at their par value—before they became
due. is this a pledge so binding upon the Gov-
ernment, that it has not the power to grant these
lands, or any part of them, to the old soldiers, or
for any other purpose? Certainly not, in my judg-
ment. The Congress which enacted the law aid
not so consider it, for about two weeks afterwards
the same Congress set apart and appropnated
quarter sections of land enough tor all the soldiers
engaged in the Mexican war, amounting to nearly
one hundred thousand, and requiring sixteen mil-
lions of acres. Surely this construction of the law,
made almost cotemporaneous with its enactment,
clearly ex< ludes al idea that Congress intended,
when' authorizing the loan, to hypothecate or
pledge the public domain for its payment.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
M/. MCMULLEN renewed the amendment.
He was m favor, he said, of the adoption of this
amendment, and intended to vote lor it, and he
must be allowed to say that he was somewhat sur-
prise^! at thecourse of his honorable friend from Al-
abama, [Mr. Cobb ] Thai gentleman had clearly
demonstrated that he had loigotten the very meri-
torious class of our citizens which this amendment
proposed to provide for.
.Mr. COBl3, of Alabama. I have not forgotten
them, 1 can assure the gentleman, but I believe
they are provided for.
Mr McMullen (resuming)said,he had been
not a little surpused, too, at the arguments which
had been presented to this committee by the legal
gentlemen from North Carolina and from Georgia.
Those o-entlemen were of the opinion that the faith
of this^Government had been pledged by the act
authorizing the negotiation of a loan, that these
lands should not be disposed of in any other way
than by public sale, bringing the proceeds iruo
the United States Treasury, until the payment ot
the money borrowed. He denied the right ot this
Government to ne up the public domain in this
manner; besides, where was the evidence of any
such mortgage upon^he public lands?
hut, he would ask, was ihere any justice or pro-
priety in voting, as gentlemen on the other side,
and particularly the gentleman fiom Omo, avowed
themselves in favor of doing, to give away the
puuhc land to incorporated companies, for the con-
struction of railroads and other works of internal
improvement, and refuse to accede to so reasona-
ble, so just a proposition as this? There had been
during the last ten years various propositions be-
fore Congress for disposing of, and sometimes for
giving away, the public hmds, which propositions
we e lavoraoiy entertamtd by the gentleman over
the way; out now, when the case ot these d serv-
ing men, the soldiers who had fought in deience of
the countiy—many of whom were now paupers
and subsisting upon the charity of their neighbors
—was presenttd, this small boon, which would
enable them to have tor the remnant of their days
a small aud humble home, must be refused.
He must be peimuted also to expiess -his sur-
prise, that those who advocate the doctrine ot a
protective tanti' should oppose a measure of this
kind, and that those wno were willing to give
away the hmds to the States, those wno weie in
favor of the distribution poiicy, as well as those in
favor of the fiee-tiade policy, shouid oppose it.
He wuhdiew the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL rose (he said) to offer an
amendment. Tho&e who know my opinions (he
coniinueu) need no additional as&uiaiice that the
extension of bounties to the brave men who have
seived the country m the wais to winch we have
been exposed, will meet my cordial and heaity
approbation. The people uesne to mark their
grateful appreciation ot the services of those who
incurred hardship underwent fatigue, and encoun-
tered peril in the ucjence of the public liberties and
honor. It is too late to talk on the general policy
of granting these bounties. The puuhc mind has
sealed that point. The popular heart thiobs with
the emotions ot a gratitude which will not brook
a check. Eor one, t^arn ready to adopt any meas-
uie which shall secure the land-to the &oldi; is;
and that measure suits me best which adopu. the
most liberal and enlarged baais of rewaid. Mr.
M. said he had prepaied an amendmei t which
would meet the views of all the friends of the bill,
and he desired it might be read to the committee
by the Cleik. it was read, as follows:
Strikeout all fiom tlu vvoid " jmvute, 5 tn the second
line, to the word •• in ' in the mxiu uiw, and tns« it '• who
enhftv <1, diHl w da matured luio ,he r.yuuir service ol Uhj
army ol tne United ckatts, ot wiio was metered into said
aeivtce as a incmtiet ol any coinpaii), coip-, or d.:Uehinent
ui vuluutteis, luiiitia or idngcrs, and woo served lor a
period oi ninety da}s or lon^ei, oi who engaged to serve lor
that length ot ume, though in idCtsoonei aisciiaiged by pub-
lie authoury."
Mr. M. said he desired that a vote should be
taken on the proposition he now olKred, aud for
this purpose would no longer detain the commit-
tee.
Mr. M., however, on a promise by Mr. K-err
to renew the amendment, wuhdiew it for the mo-
ment.
Mr. KERR moved the following amendment to
the amendment of Mr. Marshall:
in the hah line alter the word •' company," in-
sert—
" Together with all such persons ns were actually in a
battlo Jr ekniiii&ii, or who may have soiVcd on ituaid any
fluhlla."
Mr. K. said, in taking the floor he would re-
new the amendment ot tue gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,J and he did so in the nope
or ins accepting, uy way of modification, tue
words whu-n he had some time ago sent up to the
Clerk's desk. He would ttius test how tar the
friends of the bill were willing to go, in rendering
rather tardy justice to a higmy mer.tonous class
of men, not included by tne gentleman irom Ken-
tucky m tne amendment deemed by him so com-
prehensive—sufficiently so to leach ail who were
entitled to the gratituue of the nation. Mr. K.
thought t^at it nugut and should go iurther, aud
he pioposed, as the committee must see, to mete
out the true measure m so general a duuibuiion.
He asked it tne committee woulu be insensible to
the claims of those who, in the terms ot his pro-
posed amendment, hud been " actually m a buUie
or skirmish, or had served on board any flfitniar"
Would his mend from Kentucky accept the modi-
fication ?
Mr. MARSHALL desired to have no amphib-
ious class m his amendment.
Mr. KERR. Then, as tiie honorable gentleman
from Vngima [Mr. iVxeadl] has withurawn his
amendment, and the proposition of the gentleman
fiom Kentucky is the substantive one oeror*1 tne
committee, he would Dow ofier this amendment to
the gentleman's; and lie wa>. sure of being abie tu 
show, that none named in the bill deserved more
at the hands of a grateful country, than the very
persons who are thus thrust aside. Who were
j they, he asked?—the minute-men of the war of
: 1812! The gentleman from Vi-rgmia had well ob-
; sei vtd, that our maritime sections were necess.uify
! exposed, and suffeietl harassing incursions. An
amount of courage and enterprise was ihus called
forth in these times ot public danger, at sudden
| emergencies, that defied the slow process of' regu-
! lar enlistments and formal enrollments on calls from
the General or State Governments, under techni-
calities known to military science. The amend-
ment he offered", recognized the demands of those
who were emphatically minute-men—summoned
a^ the most trying periods, and never refusing to
answer the summons. Such technical terms as
" volunteer," might be so construed as to exclude
them; and if pauicipahts in any battle or skirm-
ish—it mattered not in what special charactei—he
saw no justice in throwing them out of the pale
of a bill comprehensive enough for services fiom
General Wayne's time down to the piesent day.
Amphibious, indeed ! Wheie, he would ask the
gentleman fiom Kentucky, weie these half-sol-
diers, half-sailors, when the war-Llast was heard
about the Capitol? With their faces to the enemy,
aiound their gallant old commander, who fell cov-
ered with wounds, while a few only of the regu-
larly-mustered and enrolled men remained to share
the honors of a defeat in the face of overpowering
numbeis. Well, they might have been amphib-
ious; but these barge-men and flotilla-boys deserved
some nook and comer m the bill. He would ask
that they should not be overlooked in the balance-
sheet, for faithful services to their country. He
well knew with what a jealous eye the bust-fund
of the public lands had been regatded m the State
which he had the honor m part to represent; and
he feared that there were strong indications of a
disposition to abandon all hope of any equitable
distribution. The proposition had been thrown
out, that every man m the country was to become
the recipient of a bounty system. If they were
to be squandered in forfeiture of a solemn trust,
far better that they should thus become testimonial
of a nation's gratnude. This bill seeks to absok e
the Republic from the charge of ingiautude, and
let us provisions embrace all who have claims.
No existing law favors those who served in the
barges during the war of 181^; and it is downright
injustice to forget them in a bill like the present.
Again: One word in regard to that part of the
amendment which refers to those who were actu-
ally in a battle. He would call the attention of
the committee to a very gallant action in the dis-
trict now so ably represented by his colleague on
this floor, [Mr. Evans.j In what form or fashion
the militia was maishaied, he could not exactly
say; but there was a sudden incursion of the ene-
my, known to have been led by one of the accom-
plished young officers of the British tumy—the
early comrade and friend of the poet Byron, whose
strains, by way of monody over his early death
will never be forgotten—a chostn band, thus
headed, was met and repulsed by those whom tms
bill would leward with no notice whatever. Other
actions, not qui:e so familiar to members on this
floor—fought with bravery, however, woahy of
commendation—have entitled those who took part
in them to some share of attention 
[The hammer /ell. j
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. FEATH ERiSTON, who reneweu it, and
said, he regretted the couise puisued by the
House in closing the debate on this question.
I A bill of so much importance, involving great
principles, appiopviating millions of acres of the*
public lands, is to be forced through the House
without debate, save such as may take place
under the five minutes rule. Tne policy of this
House seems to be, to cut off debate and foice
all measures througu under the operation of the
previous question. i am, sir, tn favor of tne
principles of this bill—for giving bounty lands
to the soldieis who served m the war of ldi2,
as well as the Indian wars mentioned in the bill.
But I regard botn the bill and the subsutu e
as defective, and neither will meet the appio-
bation of the friends of the measure wunout
amendment. I hope, therefoie, such amendments
will be made as may be necessary to accomplish
the object designed, and command the support of
the real friends of the tnecutme. 1 cannot appre-
ciate the patriotism or wisdom of gentlemen who
seek to defeat the bill by objectionable amend-
ments, offered for the purpose of doing indirectly
