1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
State of Texas first had apd obtained, .to be called
the State of Jacinto; which State is to be so laid off
as to embrace all of what is now Texas lying to
the east of the river Brasos. This bill has not only
been printed, and' been lying on the tables of hon-
orable Senators for the period mentioned, but I
deemed it expedient, in various modes during the
first week of Congress, to apprise the whole Amer-
ican public that such a measure would be brought
forward. This I did, in order that no surprise
might be produced' in any quarter, and that the
minds of our twenty millions of countrymen might
be seasonably informed of what was intended to
be done, or at least of what was desired to be done,
by some of us on this important subject.
Knowing, sir, that a question was pending in
regard to slavery in terrilories, of a most exciting
and alarming character; knowing that this ques-
tion had been mischievously/aised in regard to all
■our territory recently acquired from Mexico; feel-
ing that nothing could be 'more importaut than the
narrowing, by all legitimate and proper means, of
the territorial area which was to constitute the
s;ene of contention, or at any rate of preventing
the undue amplification of this area, 1 certainly
did not perceive the wisdon^of excluding from the
limits of Texas, in the manner proposed by the bill
of the honorable Senator from Missouri (Mr. Ben-
ton]just introduced,all the territory which he now
asks that the United States shall purchase from the
State of Texas; every foot of which,so soon as
purchased, (unless some precautionary guards, ap-
parently not deemed necessary or proper by the
honorable Senatorfrom Missouri,) would be claim-
ed infallibly as subject to the Wilmot proviso. I
knew, to be sure, sir, that in the Legislature of the
State of New York, resolutions had been the other
day introduced, limiting Texas to the precise
boundaries asserted to be her true boundaries by
the. honorable Senator from Missouri, at the period
when the Texas annexation resolutions were un-
der discussion in this Chambers,I was aware, also,
certainly, that these New York resolutions had
been introduced for the purpose of perpetrating a
most hideous fraud upon the South, by applying
the principle of the Wilmot proviso to all the ter-
ritory asserted to belong to New Mexico. I was
likewise cognizant of the peculiar relations which
have for some time past subsisted between the
barnburning and abolition gentry of the Empire
State and the Senator from Missouri. Yes, sir,
all these things I knew, and I hope duly apprecia-
ted; but never did it enter my head to conceive
that there was in existence a human being—a
member of this illustrious body, too—representing
among us one of the slave States of the Confed-
eracy—who would dare to take it upon himself to
bring forward a bill like that which has made its
ghastly apparition among us this morning, and
which, if it should become a law, without amend-
ment, will completely unsettle the question of
slavery in all the vast domain which it proposes to
purchase from the State of Texas. I say unsettle
the question of slavery in all the territory referred
to; and I say so upon grounds which cannot be
disputed; for no one can deny that the annexation
resolutions already cited did most effectually and
permanently settle this question in all that was
then recognized as the State of Texas. Yes, sir,
the Missouri compromise principle was expressly
applied to the territory annexed, and thus was all
contention upon the most exciting and perilous
question ever agitated in the republic completely
precluded. The bill now brought forward, as will
be perceived by those who will examine it, nulli-
fies this Missouri compromise principle in all the
territory proposed to be purchased; andeveryacre
of it is placed in the same plight and condition pre-
cisely as California andourother recently acquired
possessions. Now, this will be held to be not a
little surprising by those who are aware that the
introducer of this very bill at this moment stands
instructed by the Missouri Legislature to vote for
the application of the Missouri compromise prin-
ciple to all the territory within which the adversa-
ries of our southern institutions are striving to es-
tablish the dominion of abolition.
But the honorable Senator has been still more
daring upon this occasion, and has ventured to as-
sert, m the plainest and strongest language, that
by the Texas annexation resolutions the free-soil
principle, as it is called, was introduced into all
that portion of Texas situated north of the line of
36° 30'. The honorable Senator was never more
in errorin his'life, sir. I do not doubt that some
each absurd and unfounded idea may have gained
entrance into his cranium, when the annexation
measure was under consideration; and in this way
we may perhaps account for the honorable Sena-
tor's having himself voted for that measure, after
having exerted himself to the utmost to defeat it;
and yet I repeat, that he never has committed a
more egregious blunder in his life than m this in-
stance. Why, sir, Texas was admitted as one
State; she was admitted as a Have State, as she yet
is, and as I doubt not she will permanently re-
main. By the terms of annexation, no new State
can be formed within her limits, save with her own
consent. There is not much free soil, I opine, in
this arrangement. But the case is still stronger;
slavery is not excluded except from such State or
States " as may be formed out of her territory
north of the Missouri compromise line."
No w, as it is by no means certain that there ever
will be a new State formed, with the consent of
Texas, out of that portion of her territory just al-
uded to—as it is not-certain that a new State will
ever thus spring up in Texas, the whole of whose
territorial domain will be located north of the line
of 36° 30'—I am by no mpans able to discern
how it is that what the honorable Senator is
pleased to call the free-soil principle was at all let
in by the resolutions of annexation. On the con-
trary, 1 contend that this principle is most effectu-
ally and forever precluded from all the territory
embraced within the limits of Texas by these very
resolutions, and that there is a moral certainty that
all the soil of Texas, now open to the settlement
of southern men and their slave property, will for-
ever remain thus open. 1 will only mention two
reasons out of many which might be urged in sup-
port of this view of the subject; but they will be
held to be sufficient by all unprejudiced minds.
And, first, I ask honorable gentlemen to look at
the surface of Texas, indented as it is with various
noble rivers, all of them, except one, (the Red
river,) running from the mountainous region of the
north to the Gulf of Mexico in the south, nearly
in a straight line. Glance for a moment at the
Sabine, the Trinity, the Brasos, the Colorado, the
San Antonio,and the Rio Bravo del Norte. Would
any but a madman ever think of dividing Texas
into new States without adopting some of these
noble rivers as boundaries ? I shall not expatiate
upon this point; it would be superfluous to do so.
I shall content myself with a statement of the fact,
of which I profess to have personal knowledge,
that all in Texas who have ever suggested the
propriety of a division of her territorial area into
two or more States have uniformly urged that her
great rivers should constitute the line of sepaiation
between State and State. Thus all the new States
to be formed would, like the present Texas, be
bounded on the south by the Gulf of Mexico, and
some of them might be perchance intersected by
the line of 36° 30'; not one of them certainly would
be found lying entirely above that line.
But let it be recollected that no such new State
or States can ever be formed without the consent of
Texas; and then let any man answer me the ques-
tion, whether it is possible that the noble State
here represented by the two distinguished gentle-
men now in my eye [Messrs. Rusk and Houston]
—a State so eminently southern in her origin, her
heroic achievements, her well-known political prin-
ciples, and her local interests—can ever become so
far recreant to her own high character—her glori-
ous deeds in the war of her revolution; how she
can become so unmindful of her true honor—her
safety now and in future—so blind to the accursed
designs of the factionists who have already plotted
her undoing, and the ultimate destruction of the
whole South—as to be willingly used by unprinci-
pled men, whether resident in the North or in the
South—whether demagogues, fanatics, or traitors
—for the purpose of multiplying the number of our
adversaries in the national councils, by permitting
additional free States to be formed within her limits,
whose representatives here and in the other wing
of the Capitol would be shortly found in close al-
liance with those base and unprincipled men who
have so long kept up a wicked excitement in the
two houses of Congress, and who will never be
content until the fairest portion of this noble repub-
lic shall be subjected to ravage, to desolation, and
to ruin—and until the most high-spirited and gal-
lant people that the sun of heaven has ever shone
upon shall be involved in scenes more horrible arid
more dishonoring tban have ever yet polluted thes 
pages of history ? '
Does any one presume to think that Tessas will
ever consent to any division of her territory which
may, in the least degree, tend to bring upon the'
South such scenes as these? If there be one that
has so egregiously misjudged the people of Texas,
let me assure him that he knows nothing of that
gallant yeomanry who encountered Santa-Anna
and his myrmidons, and achieved their liberty and:
independence in battles as glorious as any which.-
marked the immortal revolutionary struggle of
our own valiant forefathers. Sir, I feel that I may-
speak confidently on this subject, for I know the
people of Texas well; I have sojourned among
them, and enjoyed their cordial and elegant hospi-
talities; I'have visited the fields of renown where
undying fame was acquired, and where the sacred
principles of civil and religious liberty were estab-
lished by the pouring forth of the precious blood of
patrfots and of heroes. I know the people of Texas
well;and humble as I certainly am and all unworthy
ofsuch distinguished honor, I was ten years ago in-
vited by many of her most illustrious citizens (one
of whom is now a member of this bod y) to draw up
the history of her war of independence. I complied
with the call so kindly made; and wrote two consid-
erable volumes upon "Texas and theTexans;"the
preparation of which for the press, if no other ad-
vantage to myself or others shall result, enables
me to bear testimony this day, in the American .
Senate, in behalf of the people of Texas, and to
vindicate them against all suspicion of delinquency
upon this great and vital question. No, sir; no.
Texas will never consent that a single acre of her
sacred soil, earned by the heroism of her sons, re-
linquished to her by the memorable'treaty wrung
from the Mexican dictator amid the glories of that
hour which havemade the name of Jacinto a name
terrible to tyrants and one of encouragement to the
stragglers for freedom throughout the world—of
that soil, her title to which has been tacitly recog-
nized by the act of annexation itself, vindicated in
all the battles which marked the progress of our
late memorable war with Mexico, and solemnly
confirmed by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo;
never will Texas consent, or think for a moment
of consenting, that a single acre of this, her valued
territory, shall be given up to her own worst
enemies, or to be used to enlarge the arena of
gladiatorial strife; which is certainly large enough
in all conscience, without this enormous addition
to it. - The bill of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri proposes to pay to Texas a large sura of
money, (fifteen millions of dollars,) chiefly in con-
sideration of the reduction of her boundaries in the
manner proposed, and provides in addition for the
laying off of another new State within her .limits,
thus "previously reduced in dimensions, when-
ever her whole population shall be found to amount
to one hundred thousand souls; which new State
is to be laid off west of the Colorado. Now, in the
first place, theState ofTexas is authorized by the
resolutions of annexation to divide herself into four
States instead of one—all of which, running, as I
have described them, from north to south, would,
in all probability, be slave States, and would sup- -
ply efficient aid to the South in the fierce struggle
through which she is fated to pass. The bill of
the honorable member will so restrict her capacity
for division and subdivision, as only to allow two
States instead of four to arise within her confines
—one to the east, and the other to the west of the
Colorado. This arrangement would be*truly a
most gracious boon to the South in this her mo-- ?
ment of persecution and of danger I
Again: the population at present in Texas, west
of the Colorado, is, to a very considerable extent,
non-slaveholding. .In this region there are cer-
tainly many large plantations along the Colorado
and the country which it waters; but to the west,
I repeat, the population is, for the most pait,
(though certainly highly respectable,) a non-slave-
holdinc population. There is to be found the large
German colony, which, is constantly on the in-
crease, among whom, X understand, theie aie no
slaves- and in that part of Texas along the San
-Vntonio and Rio Grande rivers especially, there
are still a large number of Mexican inhabitants,
most of whom, it is well known, though partial
to their own system of peonage, are hostile to our
southern system of domestic slavery. Now, sir,
what a bright prospect does not the honorable Sen-
ator's bill unfold to us for the speedy organization
