168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
of another State wherein his favorite free-soil prin-
ciples may gain ascendency ! Sir, anxious as
I was to bring about the early reduction of the ter-
ritorial limits of Texas—satisfied as I was that
this-was decidedly necessary to the convenient
management of her own governmental concerns—
I certainly never thought of attempting to accom-
* plish such an object by such means as he has chosen
to adopt. As a senatorial representative of one of
the slave States of the Confederacy, I could not
have reconciled it to my own sense of duty to en-
gage in any scheme which menaced the whole
Southwith such serious detriment. Were I to bring
forward atsuch a period as this a project so fraught
with mischief as is this one* to the whole slave-
holding section of the Confederacy, i should ex-
pect to be speedily instructed out of my seat in
this body; for true it is, as John Randolph used
to say, those members of Congress who cannot
be instructed in their seats, must perforce be in-
structed out of them.
Mr. President, I feel that I have some right to
complain on this occasion that an attempt has been
made by the honorable Senator from Missouri to
appropriate to himself the credit of originating this
scheme of dividing Texas. To be sure, he has
fallen upon a different plan of division from any
which my mind had framed; but the proposition
of dividing Texas, with her own consent, with a
view to multiplying the number of our confedera-
ted sovereignties, I claim to have first suggested
and to have promulged before such an idea had
ever entered the head of that Senator. 1 will go
further now, sir, and assert that his whole bill is
most manifestly borrowed from the bill originally
draughted by me, and minutely described, at my
instance, in the columns of certain newspapers. I
do not mean to say that the parts of the honorable
Senator's bill, to which I have been so seriously
objecting, were plagiarized from me; but merely
that all which is not actually mischievous jn his
bill was substantially copied from the bill now in
my hand, as it was at first framed, and as it was
described in the newspapers. 1 will prove this:
my bill originally proposed to pay to Texas a spe-
cific sum, just one-half of the sum now proposed
by the Senator from Missouri, for her ownership
of the public lands situated in the country, com-
monly called New Mexico, north of a line to be
run in an easterly direction from the Paso del
Norte to the head waters of the Red river; cau-
tiously reserving, though, to the territory in which
the right of property in a portion of the public
lands was thus to be purchased the principle of
compromise embodied in the resolutions of annex*
ation. This reservation, it will be at once perceived,
is an arrangement which cannot be dispensed with
without incurring the risk of immediately multi-
plying the number of free States, and deeply en-
dangering the whole southern section of the Union.
This I had resolved to offer as a new scheme of
compromise; which, with the establishment of a
territorial government in New Mexico, in Deseiet,
and California, and the ultimate admission of Cal-
ifornia as a State, when freed from her present un-
fortunate organization, I hoped might-tend to settle
the vexed question of the Wilmot proviso forever.
I should certainly have offered the whole bill as it
was first drawn up, and in the form in which I
had submitted it to the consideration of various
sage friends with whom I am in the habit of coun-
selling upon this subject, but for certain proceed-
ings in several of the free States of the North, of
which w8 have been recently notified, which satis-
fied me that I could not ofler anything that at all
bore the characteristic features of a compromise,
without encouraging our arrogant foes to fiercer
and more extended aggressions, and bringingdown
other and more irritating insults upon the southern
States of the Confederacy.
The resolutions of Vermont, now upon your
table—the incendiary messages of the Governors
of Pennsylvania and of Massachusetts—the truly
demoniacal resolutions now before the New York
Legislature—the extraordinary harangues made
in this Hall since we assembled,—these and other
facts of a kindred character satisfied me that the
season for compromise had forever passed by; or
that at least, if propositions of compromise were
hereafter to be offered, they ought to emanate from
theJNorth. I became satisfied that the time had
arrived when it behooved southern Senators and
Representatives in Congress to stand firmly and
resolutely up in strict maintenance of our consti-
tutional rights, as they were secured by our ven-
erated forefathers; leaving it to the champions of
aggression and the perpetrators of injustice to de-
termine whether they would indeed take upon
themselves and their constituents the responsibility
of dissolving that Union which was once so justly
dear to the heart of every American. With these
views, I contented myself with offering the bill
which I am now asking to be allowed to intro-
duce, curtailed of those other provisions which
have been now brought forward, in a disguised
form, by the honorable Senator from Missouri.
Now, sir, I appeal to the Senate and the coun-
try whether 1 have not a right to complain of the
honorable Senator from Missouri for having thus
unceremoniously appropriated to himself the work
of my hands and the result of my painful medita-
tions? If the honorable Senator had condescended
to ask my consent to his becoming godfather to a
measure which, in its purer and less objectionable
shape, did not originate with him; if he had given
me due notice of his intention thus to pirate upon
the poor creations of my intellect; had this as-
tounding liberty been taken by a friend, or by one
friendly to the South in her present trying posi-
tion, I should not, perhaps, have seriously com-
plained ofthe outrage. But, sir, the case is a very
different one indeed. The offensive conduct which
I am noticing, has been practised by an individual
more responsible, in my judgment, than any man,
living or dead, for the unhappy condition in which
the republic is involved. It was he that urged eo
imperiously through the Senate the odious Oregon
bill, passed eighteen months since. It was he that
voted against the Mexican treaty, by which a ter-
ritorial domain so invaluable was securcd to the
nation. It was he who attempted, after the treaty
had become part of the supreme law of the land,
to nullify its provisions, by setting up what is
known as the Protocol in opposition to it. It is he
who presumes to disobey the instructions of the
Missouri Legislature, to whom he owes the Sena-
torial robes which now invent his person, and ail
the opportunities of acquiring renown and influ-
ence which he has enjoyed for the last thirty years.
It is he who has taken it upon himself to wander
off some thousands of miles into the bosom of
his own State, and to inveigh, in language of
the coarsest scurrility and most envenomed abuse,
against men whom he dares not meet here in de-
bate—whose characters, public and private, are as
spotless as purity itself—and whose whole lives
have been illustrated and adorned by the practice of
all those virtues which bespeak the patriot, philan-
thropist, and the christian. This, sir, is the heroic
chieftain who, when far distant from the objects
of his hostility, denounces them as traitors, dis-
uniomsts, and villains, and threatens, on getting
sight of them in the Senate house, to demolish
them forever; but who, when he gets here once
more among us, is cither mysteriously and stoically
silent, or, assuming a truly lamb-like meekness of
aspect and of manner, and a soft nasality of in-
tonation, is seen to coo round the Senate Cham-
ber " as gently as any sucking dove.1' Tins, sir, is
the person who has presumed, in the very bosom
of one of the large slave States of the Union
to declaim fiercely against slavery, and to lend all
the encouragement which, as "a southerner and
slaveholder," he had it in his power to supply to
the enemies of our institutions north of Mason and
Dixon's line. This is the political leader who has
scattered confusion and discord through the whole
Democratic ranks of the North, every man of
whom, but for him and his accursed teachings, I
verily believe would, under the sage and honest
counsels constantly emanating from the honorable
Senator from Michigan, who sits before me, [Mr.
Cass,] and other highly-valued Democratic leaders
of the North, have stood firmly and fearlessly up
in support of the non-intervention doctrines of the
renowned Nicholson letter. This 13 the " learned
Theban," who has not only taken it upon himself
to proclaim, in more than one speech, now in print,
that Congress has a right under the Constitution
to legislate upon slavery in territories, but who has
even gone so far as to assert that no man of sense on
the Continentnov) doubtedlhe authority of Congress
to legislate in this manner; though he well knew
at the time that the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] the«honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] the honorable Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] and thousands and
hundreds of thousands resident in different parts of
the Republic,,allof them possessed of understand-,
ingat least as sound and as trust-worthyashisown,
entertained opinions directly the reverse of that
which he was thus so fiercely fulminating; among
whom I must mention the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Houston,] who sits over the way, and who, '
in his late anti-Gadsden letter, has so emphatically
declared himself opposed to the Wilmot proviso
upon every ground of opposition to it heretofore
assumed. This, too, sir, is the indiscreet rhet-
orician whose inflammatory addresses to large pop-
ular assemblies in Missouri, during the last sum-
mer, are said to have prod uced a most startling effect
among the slave population in the surrounding
country; who, as it is reported, by twenties c(nd
forties, put themselves in full flight for the Father
of Waters, and made their sudden escape into the
neighboring Sta^te of Illinois. [Here Mr. Benton*
left his seat, walked towards the door of the Sen-
ate Chamber, and passed rapidly through it.] See,
Mr. President, he flies as did those same deluded
sons of Africa among whom his eloquence is re-
ported to have awakened a regular stampede. He
escapes me just as 1 was about to compare him to
that degenerate Roman senator, whom Cicero once
addressed in language jhat will never perish, ex-
claiming in the hearing of such men as Csesar, and
Cato,and Brutus, with majestic cadence: " Quo-us-
que tandem abutere Catilina nostra patientia?" As
Tully said of that same degenerate Roman, I feel
that I can say now, in behalf of myself and of my
friends, in relation to him who has just departed
from our presence, " Tandem aliquando Quirites,
L. Catilinam furentem audacia, scelus anhelantem
pestem patriae nefarie molientem vobis atque huic urbi
ferrum Jfammamque minitfintem, ex urbe, vel ejeci-
mus, vel emissimas, vel ipsum egredientem vei bis
prosecuti sumusI may well add: "Jibiit—ex-
cessit—evasit—erupit
The hill was then read a first and second time
by its title; when—
Mr. FOOTE mo«d that the bill be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, stating that he
had no doubt, from a conversation had with the
chairman ofthe Committee on the Territories, [Mr.
Douglas,] that he would assent to the. proposed
reference.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved that the question
of reference be laid on the "table for the present;
which was ageed to.
A BILL to provide for the organization of the Territorial
Governments of California, Deseret, and New Mexico,
and to enable the people of Jacinto, with the consent of
the State of Texas, to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatsoever.
CALIFORNIA.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, from and after the passage of this
act, all that part of California embraced within
the following boundaries, that is to say: begin-
ning at the intersection of the forty-second degree
of north latitude with the shore of the Pacific
ocean; thence due east with the said parallel of
latitude to the one hundred and sixteenth degree
of west longitude; thence south with the said" de-
gree of longitude until it shall strike the boundary
line established between the United States and
Mexico, by the treaty concluded at Guadalupe
Hidalgo, the second day of February, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight; thence by and with the
said boundary line to the shore of the Pacific
Ocean; thence northerly by and with the said shore
to the place of beginning, extending one marine
league into the sea from the southern to the north-
ern boundary aforesaid, and including all bays,
harbors, and islands adjacent to the said shore,
shall form a separate Territory, to be known and
calleil the Territory of California: Provided, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to impair the rights of persons or property now
pertaining to the Indians in said territory, so long
as such rights shall remain unextinguished by
treaty between the United States and such Indians;
or to affect the authority of the Government of the
United States to make any regulation respecting
such Indians, their lands, property, or other rights,
by treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have
been competent to the Government to make xf this
act had never passed: And-provided, further, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed to
inhibit the Government of the Unitad States from
