1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
that which they cannot%o directly. Sir, the gen-
tieman from Maryland proposes to amend this
bill by a clause giving to actual settlers one hun-
dred and sixty acres of the public land, and this
amendment seems to be supported by many mem-
bers. Its effect (if not its object) will be to defeat
the bill. Whether lands should be granted by the
General Government to actual settlers or not, is a
question that 1 shall not now discuss. But, in
any event, it should not be coupled or connected
with this bill. I am for the soldiers first—the
gallant men who have responded to their country's
call whenever their services were needed, who
have peiiled their lives, and undergone all the
privations and hardships of the tented field in de-
fence of tb.e rights and honor of their common
country. This is the class to whom we should
first give land, for whom we should first provide,
and upon whom the bounty of the Government
should be first bestowed. I know of no class that
has stronger claims upon the liberality of the Gov-
ernment. Many of them have died, leaving fam-
ilies in poverty; others have grown old, and are
in indigent circumstances. They have been too
long neglected by Congress, and such a law should
have been passed long since. I trust, therefore,
that no further efforts will be made to defeat the
bill; that you will grants the land to the old soldier
first, and then consider the case of the pioneer set-
tler. But it is insisted that all the public lands are
mortgaged for the payment of the public debt, and
Congress cannot grant them to soldiers or any
one without a violation of good faith. I appre-
hend, Mr. Chairman, that this is a mistake—that
it is the proceeds derived from the sale of the pub-
lic lands that are pledged, and not the lands.
The control and disposal of the lands is left with
Congress. Congress can dispose of them as it
think best, in accordance with the provisions
of the Constitution. And 1 hold that if the
creditors of' the Government were compelled to
rely upon this fund alone for the payment of
their debts, Congress would not act in bad faith
to pas3 this bill, and the rights of the creditors
would not be prejudiced thereby. The policy
of Congress should be to bring the public lands
into market, and have them settled and reduced
to cultivation. This bill will lead to such a re-
sult. Although the grants under the bill will
be lost to the Government, they will carry the
hardy pioneer into the wilderness, cause settle-
ments to be made in the midst of the public
lands unsold and undisposed of, and thereby draw
public attention to them, bring them into market,
enhance their value, and enable the Government
to sell them—something that it cannot now do.
These grants of small quantities of land to the
soldiers will neither injure the Government nor
the creditors of the Government. If the pioposi-
tion under cdnsideration was to grant public lands
to a State or soulless incorporation, 1 doubt very
much whether we should hear so much said about
mortgages and bad faith.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DUiNHAM renewed the amendment, and
said : Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of this amend-
ment. I can see no reason for making a distinc-
tion between those soldiers who served as drafted
men and those who served as volunteers, in the
liberality of the Government. What matters u
how they came into the service of the country, so
they ^ot into it and did their duty faithfully ? Voi-
unieers and militia stood side by side upon the
battle-field; together mingled their blood, and now,
Side by side, their bodies lie smouldering where
they together fell in defence of their country.
Then let us deal equally with those of them who
survive, and with the posterity of those who per-
ished. Sir, I am in favor of the passage of this
bill : first, because the people, to whom these lands
belong, desire this disposition to be made of them.
They feel grateful to these venerable men, and de-
sire to pay to them this slight tribute of their
gratitude and respect. I do not feel disposed to
thwart their wishes. I, their servant, will not by
any action of mine indicate that 1 do not believe
they know how to dispose of their own. If they
never show less wisdom and goodness than by this
wi-h of theirs, we need not fear tor the harmony
and prosperity of the country. I am for this bill
because I believe that justice requires its passage.
The bounties of the Government have been be-
stowed with a liberal hand upon others who were
no more deserving than they. To the soldiers of
the Mexican war, to whom we gave lands, no
more, nay, notas much, as they deserved, no more
than 1 would cheerfully have voted for had 1 then
been here. Did they, brave though they were,
though they endured much—did they show any
more bravery, did they endure more perils and
sufferings and deprivations, than did those men
who fought on your northern and western fron-
tiers, at New Orleans, and who defended your
eastern coast? ISo, sir-, and in one respect not as
much, for they felt no anxiety for those they iert
behind them. When they bid farewell to their
homes and families, they did so with the pleasing
reflecuoa that they left them under the sheltering
arm of a Government able and willing to protect
them—surrounded by friends who would provide
for their frants and succor them in distress. But
how was it with those who served in those bor-
der wars? They parted from those they loved
with aching hearts, with themelancnoly foreboding
that it was a last tare well; that when they ret-urnetl
they should find their humble cabins heaps of
smouldering ruins, their 'wives and little ones
scalped and tomahawked by the blood-thirsty ma-
rauding savage: and too often did their forebodings
prove realities. Then why withhold this pittance
from these brave men ? Why make a distinction be-
tween those who have served their country with
equal fidelity arid patriotism? Why, we are told,
that if we thus giveaway these lands we shall dunfn-
ish our i evenues; that we shall be driven to direct
taxation, to keep the Governmentin motion. Sup-
pose this be true: Is that any reason why we
should not do justice to the men who defended our
cradles? But, sir, it will not. It will increase the
revenues. 1 do not believe in this policy of our
Government, in hording up these wild lands like
some heartless speculator, whilst thousands of our
citizens are without homesteads. I wouid give a
quarter section of them to every citizen who has
no farm of his own, who would go upon it and
cultivate it, and make a home tor himself and
family. Sir, this is the way to make true, inde-
pendent republicans. A man feels more like a
man, more like a freeman, when he knows that
the little spot of earth fiom which he draws his
sustenance; thdt the roof, humble though it be,
which shelters himself and his little ones from the
stoims of heaven, he holds not at the will of some
petty landlord, instead of diminishing the leve-
nues, this would increase them. You would change
those vast, unproductive prairies and forests into
fruitful fields You would immensely increase
the'wealth, and, what is of much more importance,
the happiness of the country. You would greatly
increase the ability to purchase and enjoy the
comforts and luxuries of life, and hence, also in-
crease the demand for them. This would increase
the commerce, and, consequently, the revenues of
the country. This increase would soon far over-
balance the diminution of the proceeds of the sales
of these lands. This bill, so far as it goes, will
produce the same effect. And who are these gen-
tlemen who are so alraid of beggaring the Treasury
by this grant of land to the men who, when we
were children, defended them with their valor?
Some of them are men who, but a few years ago,
voted to distribute all these lands among the
States—who, this session, have voted tor every
extravagant measure that has been before this
House—who, but a few days since, voted five
thousand dollars to build a public green-house—
thousands of dollats to be wasted in ornamenting
these public grounds—thousands of dollars to
make improvements for this city, the very kind of
improvements which the cities and towns of their
own districts make by taxing their own citizens—
who have heretotore voted hundreds of thousands
to carry on immense systems of internal improve-
ments. All these things they have gulped down
withoflt an effort; but now, when it is proposed to
granta few thousands acres of wild*land to the
old soldiers' who-succored their country in the
dark hours of her adversity, they are at once seized
with a perfect mania of economy. They are hor-
ror-stricken at such reckless extravagance, i hope
this disposition to economize is real. I hope it
will continue, for it will save much 10 the Treasury;
but 1 think its display might have commenced upon
some moie appropriate object.
But, sir, we are told that much of this land will
find its way mto the hands of speculators. No
doubt of it, sir; but what of that? is this any rea-
son why we shall not do justice to a meritorious
class of our citizens ? I apprehend-that speculators
cannot get them without paying something to the
immediate recipient^ of this bounty. These men,
many of them, are still living. They are scattered
all over this country, from one side of it to the
other. They are trembling upon the very verge
of the grave. Many of them are in poverty, with
constitutions shattered, broken perhaps in this
very service of their country; they need this pro-
vision to support them in their declining years.
And shall we be told they must not have it for
fear, in doing justice to them, speculators may
possibly also be benefited ? That those who
would receive and appropriate these lands to the
support and comfort of their old age, shall not
have them for fear that others may be less pru-
dent, and may, by their own acts, thwart our ef-
forts to do them good. Sir, this is a sort of rea-
soning, a kind of moral ethics, I do not under-
stand; nor do I desire to. We are told they ren-
dered their services under a contract, and that they
have been fully paid according to that contract;
that the purchase money of their blood has been
fully paid, and that they ought riot to ask, ought
not to receive any more; that six or seven dol-
lars a month is a sufficient compensation for all
their valor, for all their hardship, for the lives
of those who left their bones to bleach upon the
fields they won. Shame upon such an argument
as this. It is unworthy a great and generous
people, and will, I assure gentlemen, find no re-
sponse in their bosom, unless it be that of their
indignation for those who urge it. Sir, there is
not a gentleman upon this floor who dare stand
up and directly avow that they have ever been
paid the value of their services; there is not a citi-
zen in the country who will do it; who thinks it.
Then the question recurs, did the Government
comply with its part of the contract under which
these services were performed, so that these
men are estopped from recurring to their value?
Did it pay, clothe, and support them as it
was bound to? The history of the country
proves the contrary. The files of this House,
where there are yet claims of thousands of dollars
for their clothing and provisions furnished by in-
dividuals to keep our aimies from disbanding,
also show the contrary. Go and examine the
files of the Committee on Claims, of which I have
the honor to be a member, and you will there find
a large claim, yet unpaid, of merchants who ad-
vanced these things to the soldiers at Plattsburg,
to keep them from being driven by necessity to
leave the service when the Government could
neither pay nor clothe them. Then talk not to me
or to them about a contract, when the Govern-
ment utterly failed to comply with its part of it.
I repeat, sir, this bill ought to pass. This
tribute, I care not whether of our justice or our
gratitude to these care-worn and laurel-crowned
soldiers, should at once be bestowed. The lapse
of time which we have delayed it, is our reproach,
and not an excuse for now withholding it. We
have no time to delay. Whilst we yet deliberate
they are passing away. Let them not go down
to their graves with their hearts wrung with our
ingratitude, but let their last days be cheered with
this evidence, that their valor and patriotism ia
properly appreciated by their grateful country-
men.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR renewed the amendment. He
said he hoped the biil would be so amended, that
he should be able to vote for it when it came up
for final action. And he was sorry to see gentle-
men, with professions of patriotism on their lips,
endeavoring, by indirect means, to defeat the bill,
or to render it so objectionable that it couid not
pass. He had witnessed, during the short session
of Congress, many similar efforts to get rid of
measures, made by gentlemen who were all the
while professing to be in favor of their adoption.
The method most commonly adopted was, to over-
load the bill with amendments, intended to break
it down, hypocritically professing, all the while,
to be endeavoring to perfec^it. He was not pre-
pared to say that this bill, in the shape in which
it came to them from the Committee on Public
Lands, was the best that could be presented. He
was rather inclined to favor the measure proposed
by the gentle-nan from Illinois. That gintleman's
amendment seemed to come nearer to what he
thought he could vote for with propriety, than
any other that had been submitted. But he must
