THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26, 1850.
New Series No. 80.
reported it back without amendment; but, as ab-
tion had been had upon a similar bill, on his mo-
tion it was ordered to He on the table.
ADMISSIONS TO THE SENATE.
Mr. HALE, from the select committee to which
was referred the resolution of the 23d May, to
amend the 47th rule of the Senate, submitted a re-
port \kith the following amendment:
Blank tickets, equal to the number of the Senators for
the time being, shall be prepared, and that one ticketmaybe
issued under the direction of the Vice President, by-Mich
officer as he may designate, to each Senator at his leanest,
on which ticket his name shall be endorsed, and which
ticket shrill entitle the person to whom it may be delivered
to admission on the floor of the Senate."
The report was ordered to be printed.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
TA Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
for tne admission of California as a State into the
the Union, to establish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
A long debate ensued, which will be found in
the Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned to Monday next,
twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 21, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution; but yielded
the floor, for the moment, at the request of
Mr. McCLERNAND, who asked leave to
make a personal explanation; which, he said, it
was due to himself should be made.
Objection was made.
SANTA FE.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the resolution
which 1 have sent to the Chair. 1 am satisfied
that no gentleman will object to its adoption.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this
House whether Colonel Monroe, military governor at San-
ta F6, has interfered with M.ijoi Neighbors, Texan commis-
sioner to organize the county of Santa F6, preventing sai 1
organization; whether any orders have it-sued from the
Piesid.nt or tire Secretary of Weir, authorizing said interfer-
ence 5 whether the original orders to said military governor
to remain neutral in regard to the controversy between
Texas and New Mexico have been rescinded or modified;
and whether it is true that said Monroe has issued orders
for a-conveution of New Mexico to meet at Santa F6; and
whether, if so, said orders weie prompted by, or are ap-
pioved by the Executive.
The resolution having been read—
Messrs. ASHMUN and CARTTER rose and
objected to its introduction.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. KAUFMAN.' I believe I have a right to
know who it is that objects to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The introduction of the reso-
lution is objected to in several parts of the House,
and it can only be received by unanimous con-
sent.
So the resolution was not received.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR*
Mr. DANIEL. I have risen to make another
appeal to the House 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Daniel] will suspend his remarks
until order is restored. Gentlemen are requested
to resume their seats. No business will be trans-
acted antil order is restored.
After a pause—
Mr. DANIEL proceeded. I have risen to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the private calendar. And
on that motion I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. MeMULLEN appealed to the gentleman
from North Corolma [Mr. Daniei,] to withdraw
the motion for a moment; but the object of the re-
quest, if stated, was not heard by the reporter.
80
Mr. DANIEL declined to withdraw the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JONES, I desire to be informed by the
Chair whether a majority vote 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] will suspend his remarks until
order is restored. Gentlemen are again requested
to resume their seats.
Mr. JONES. Is a majority vote 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until order is restored.
Mr. JONES. If I wait until order is restored,
I shall have to wait a long time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not be
heard until order is restored.
After another pause—
Mr. JONES proceeded. I wish to be informed
by the Chair whether a majority can set aside a
special order, made so from day to day, by the
vote of two thirds of the House. If the motion of
thegentlem&n from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,]
to proceed to the consideration of the private cal-
endar, should prevail, a majority can set aside a
special order made by two thirds.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the point of order
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] the
Chair will state that the bounty land bill was made
the special order for a certain day, and for each
succeeding day until it should have been disposed
of. That special order is in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The Chair
rules, that upon private bill day, a motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the private cal-
endar has precedence over a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the CJmon.
But, where there is a special order pending in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will, in the opinion of the
Chair, take precedence over a motion to go into
Committee on the private calendar. But a mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union not having been submitted,the
Chair will entertain the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] to go into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. JONES. Then I make the motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
pn the s'ate of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion, inasmuch as it
is connected with a special order, will have prece-
dence over the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] and will be first
put. '
Mr. DANIEL. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Tellers were asked on the motion of Mr. Jones,
and Messrs. Mason, of Kentucky, and King, of
Rhode Island, were appointed,
And the question, " Will the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?" was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 73, noes 54.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rich-
ardson, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill "providing for soldiers of
the war of 1812, '13, '14, and '15, with Great
Britain; the Indian wars of 181); the (Florida)
Seminolean war of 1835, 1836," &c.; and the war
known as General Wayne's, from 1792 to 1795,
that have not heretofore been provided for."
The CHAlRstated the question to be on theap-;
peal taken by Mr. Jones from the decision of the
Chair, on the following amendment, heretofore
offered by Mr. Hubbard:
Amend, by inserting after the word u that," in
the third line, the following:
"The benefits and right* conferred by the ninth section
of the act entitled ' An act to rni>e, foi a limited time, an
additional military ioice, and tor other purposes,' appioved
February 11, 1847, bliall be and the fame are iieteby ex-
tended m manner as lollovvs: that is."
Amend by striking out all after the word " pri-
vate, n in the fourth line, and inserting the follow-
ing:
" Who served in the regular array, or in any company or
command of volunteers, dangers, or militia in the Indian
war, in the northwest, prior to the treaty of Greenville, in
1-94, or m the late war with Great Britain, or in any Indian
war between the yeais 1811 and 1812, twelve months or
more, shall be entitled to a bounty of one hundred and sixty
acres of land, or who served six months or more, eighty
acre?, or who served sixty days or more, forty acres : Pro-
vide'/, aZircn/s, That said non-com missioned officer, musician,
or private, ha'* not received a bounty of land heretofore, and
is not shown to have been dishonorably discharged by the
rolls • PiQ)ide<i, also, That the bounties herein granted shall
be subject to the same uiles of descent prescribed by the
atoresaid act, and the net or acts amendatory of ihe same:
Provided, farther, That no ' treasury scrip,'as authorized by
said act of February 11, 1847, shall be authorized or issued
under this act."
After much conversation and confusion,
Tellers (Messrs. Wallace and Williams) were
appointed.
Mr. BURT desired, he said, to ask the opinion
of the Chair upon a point of order involved in the
amendment. He desired to know whether, in the
opinion of the Chair, if the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Hubbard] was adopted,
it would then be in order to offer a substitute for
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana?
The CHAIR was understood to say, clearly St).
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand aH the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative—ayes
87, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BiSSELL addressed the Chair.
Mr. JONES rose to a question of oider. There
was, he said, another question of order which he
desired to make upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hubbard ] The
committee had now sustained the decision of the
Chair, that the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman fiom Alabama was not a substitute, (or an
amendment in'heu of the bill.) No member of
the committee had the right under the rule to offer
two amendments at. one time. The gentleman
from Alabama proposed to insert after the enact-
ing words, certain other words; and then,"skip-
ping over certain other words, he proposed to
strike out all the balance of the bill and insert a
substitute—thus offering t,wo amendments at one
time, which was against the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no sort of
difficulty in overruling the point of order of the gen-
tleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JO,NES. And the gentleman from Ten-
nessee has great pleasure m appealing from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative, without
a division.
So the decision .of the Chair was affirmed.
The CHAIR then said, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,] who held The floor
last evening at the time the question of order was
raised on the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Hubbard,] was now entitled to it.
Mr. BISSELL, who had been recognized by
the Chair immediately before Mr. Jones had made
his point of order, claimed the floor on that ground.
The CHAIR explained.
Mr. BISSELL yielded the floor.
Mr. HOWE took it.
Mr. BAKER said that, by the leave of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] he (Mr.
B.) proposed to say a very few words. He pro-
posed to amend the amendment, by striking out
the second word in the first line.
And (continued Mr. B.) I rise to say, that as a
friend to some principle by which this bill shall
grant land to somebody, 1 desire to move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of having the bill
referred to a select committee, that it may be per-
fected, so as to meet the wishes of its friends, and
make it less objectionable to its opponents. I was
upon the Committee of Public Lands—I am.satis-
fied that with the 
Mr. JONES interposed to a question of order.
It was, that the remarks of the gentleman from
