185:0.
THE CONOBUSSIONAL (moM
171
laid down in act of the Republic of Texas, enti-
tled " An act to define the boundaries of the Re-
public of Texas," passed in the year I83G; thence
by and with said boundary line-to the point of its
intersection with the western boundary of the State
of Arkansas; thence south by and with said west-
ern boundary to the northern" point of the West-
ern boundary of the' Statfe of Louisiana; thence'
south by and with the Western boundary of Lou-
isiana, to the mouth of the Sabine river; thence by
and with the shore of the Gulf of Mexico to the
point of beginning, at the middle of the mouth of
the Brasos river, including any islands adjacent
and opposite to that part of the coast belonging
to this State.
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted, That if the
State of Texas, through the government there-
of, shall consent to the formation of a new State,
as described in the preceding section, within the
general boundaries of said State, and shall express
such consent by an act or resolution of her legisla-
ture, the free white male citizens of the United
States who shall have arrived at the age of twenty-
one years, and shall have resided in the aforesaid
part of Texas three months previous to the day of
election, and all other persons qualified to vote for
members of the legislature of Texas, shall be, and
they are hereby, qualified and authorized to vote
and choose representatives to form a convention,
who shall be apportioned among the several coun-
ties included within the limits of the proposed State,
according to the number of people in each county,
so that the whole number of representatives to be
chosen shall not exceed the number of members-of
both branches of the legislature heretofore elected
from that part of Texas, as described in the fifty-
fifth section of this act-, the election in each county
shall be held at the place where the election for
representatives shall have been last held, and by
the same persons that may have held them at the
last election for representatives in the legislature, or
such other persons as the people of each county
assembled in meeting shall appoint. And the elec-
tion for representatives to the said convention shall
be held on the first Monday and two succeeding
days of next, throughout the several
counties in the said part of Texas, and the electors
who may be qualified according to this section
shall then proceed by ballot to elect the number of
representatives assigned tothecountyin which they
shall reside. And the representatives duly elected,
and having each a certificate of election fiom the
judges of election, shall assemble in convention at
the town of ,'on the first Monday in ,
and after organizing such convention, the same
shall have power and authority to adjourn to any
other place in the said Territory, described in the
fifty-fifth section of this act, which to them may
seem best for the convenient transaction of their
business ; and the said convention, when so organ-
ized and assembled, shall first determine, by a ma-
jority of the whole number elected .whether it be or
be not expedient at that time to form a separate con-
stitution and State government for the people within
the boundaries designated in the fifty-fifth section
of this act; and if it be deemed expedient to do so,
the convention shall be, and hereby is, authorized
to form a constitution and State government for
the people within the said boundaries, and to de-
scribe such boundaries m said constitution •.Pro-
vided, That the same, when formed, shall be re-
publican, and not repugnant to the Constitution of
the United States, and that the right of properly in
the lands owned by the State of Texas, as it now
exists within the boundaries of the State of Jacinto
as provided for in this act, and any conflicting
claims arising thereon, shall be arranged and set-
tled upon principles to be agreed upon between the
governments of the said States of Texas and Ja-
Sec. 57. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case a
constitution and State government shall be formed
for the people of the Territory of Jacmto de-
scubed in the fifty-fifth section of this act, the
said convention of representatives, as soon there-
after as may be, shall cause, a true copy of the said
constitution, or frame of State government, as shall
be formed or provided, attested by the members of
said convention, to be transmitted by a special and
trustworthy messenger to the President of the
United States, upon the receipt whereof the Presi-
dent bv proclamation, shall announce the fact;
whereupon, and without any further pw<jerf 6° 
the part of Congress, the admission of the said
State of Jacinto into this Union shall be considered
as corrtfilete.
SeC. 58. And be it further enacted, That until the
next general census shall betaken after the holding
of said convention, the said State of Jacinto, when
so admitted into the Union, t-hall be entitled'to one
representative in the House of Representatives of
the United States.
The bi.l having been read by its title—
Mr. FOOTE. I had an understanding with the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] that the res-
olutions I introduced some time since, except that
portion referring to the State government for which
this bill provides, should be referred to his Com-
mittee on the Territories. I think it necessary,
under the circumstances, and I am sure if the Sen-
ator was here he would concur in the propriety of
such a disposition of it, that it should go to no
committee except that on the Judiciary. I there-
fore move its reference there.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to lay the ques^,
tion of inference on tlie table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DELIVERY OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to report, from the
Judiciary Committee, the bill to provide for the
more effectual execution of the third clause of the
second section of the fourth article of the Consti-
tution of the United States with certain amend-
ments, and 1 ask that the bill, and the report which
accompanies it, be printed. While up, I will-take
the liberty of saying that this is a bill of some im-
portance, and that, although it does not exactly ac-
cord with all my views on the subject, yet, as the
organ of the committee, 1 have prepared it, and
now present it to the Senate. In requiring, as
this bill does, the federal agents to carry out this
clause of the Constitution and the act of 1791, in
favor of masters recovering their fugitive slaves, I
by no means abandon the position which I shall
always contend for, that it was and is the duty of
the States themselves to provide by positive legis-
lation for the same object. I ask that the hill may
be made the special order of the day for Wednes-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. Do I understand the Senator as
adopting the original report?
Mr. BUTLER. The original report is adopted,
with some additions.
Mr. DOWNS then moved the printing of 10,000
additional copies of the report.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. .
On the motion of Mr. BUTLER, the bills in-
troduced by the Senators from Missouri.and Mis-
sissippi were ordered to be printed for the use of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. DAWSON, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were re-opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 17, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PECK rose and remarked that he had
been reported in all the morning papers as having
voted for Mr. E. B. Robinson of this city. Such
was not the case. The gentleman voted for by
him was named Henry Robinson.
Mr. SCHENCK remarked that the gentleman
he put in nomination yesterday, Mr. Tufts, was
from the State of Indiana, and not Ohio, as stated
by him on that occasion. „ ■
Mr. McWILLlE, from the Committee on Print-
ing to which was recommitted a resolution pro-
posing to print the maps accompanying the report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, and to
ascertain the cost of the same, reported that the
expense of the printing would be fl,530. I he re-
port was accompanied by the following resolution:
Rptolvei That the Committee on Printing be directed to
contract for the printing of the maps accompanj'ina the're-
port of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, delineating
Uw progress of the work during the year 1849.
The question was put on the resolution, and it
was agreed to.
Mr? McWILLlE also, from the same com-
mittee, to which was recommitted the resolution
of said committed proposing ti> print 10,000 copies
of the report from the Treasury Department of
the- statistics of commerce and navigation,- with
instruction to inquire into the cost of the printing;
and cost of the half binding the samte, reported
that the cost of th'e printing would be §1,147, and
of the binding $500. The report was accompanied
by the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That 10,000 eatra copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on commerce ami navigation be
printed, and that the Committee on Printing be instructed"
to contract for the binding or the same in half moroeco
binding.
The report having been read—
Mr. McWILLlE said, he would state, that he
had brought into the House specimens of the
binding which had been presented to the commit-
tee. The one which he held in his hand was that
which had been adopted and recommended by the
committee. It would not cost more than twelve
cents a volume; and the whole amount would be
five hundred and forty dollars. The work might
be done for less; the two copies which he now
held m his hand cost ten cents'per volume, which
would make an aggregate of one sixth less than
he had named. The committee thought, however,
that if it was worth doing the binding at all, it
was worth doing it well. And they recommended
"the adoption of the half morocco binding.
Mr. EV/VNS; of Maryland, said'that- the hon-
orable gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McWil-
i.ie] had presented to the House several specimens
of binding; had held them up to view, in order
that they might be seen by every one ; and had
| explained the style of execution, and announced
the cost of each particular sample. There was
1 one matter, however, of far greater importance,
which that gentleman had not touched upon at all,
and concerning which it was highly desirable that
the House should have early and accurate inform-
ation; and that was, with regard to the manner
and style of printing this and the other documents
of the House, and the quality of the paper that
was to be used for that purpose. This was a sub-
ject upon which he (Mr. E.) could not and would
. 'not forbear comment. The wretched execution of
i the public printing was an abuse crying loudly'for
' remedy. The paper was of the most inferior de-
scription, being such as was used in the grocer s
shops for ordinary wrapping, full of blurs, blem-
ishes, and impurities; and the type and press-
work was what we might expect fiom the pa-
per He would ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi if he had ever examined the Legislative
printing of the States? If he had not done so,
he would commend it to that gentleman's special
attention. Let him look at the printing of Vir;
ginia, of South Carolina, above all, at that ofNew
York and Massachusetts, and compare it with
that done by order of Congress, and mark the
immeasurable inferiority of the atter. He (Mr.
E.1 had only yesterday been looking at the doc-
uments printed by order of the State of Massa-
chusetts, at an expense, as he understood, little,
if any. exceeding that paid by Congress, and they
were in every respect immeasurably superior; su-
perior in paper, in type, in press-work, and m the
binding; and it was a disgrace to Congress and to
the country to put forth documents embodying
material of the most important character—mate-
rial for the most part indispensable to the future
history of the country—in a style so wretched
that it was far surpassed in excellence by the very
earliest efforts of the art. The documents printed
by order of Congress were really unworthy pres-
ervation, on account of their abominable execu-
tion- and if they were worth preserving, they
could not be kept from falling to pieces m a very
i few years. Letgentlemenexaminethereporisprint-
ed by order of the English House of Commons
now on the shelves of the Library, and which had
been presented by the English Government to ours
and then blush for those which we were compelled
W offer in return. There was no room for com-
parison between them ; the one all excellence,
the other of the meanest description ; and yet he
believed the difference by way of cost was but
triflin? arid unworthy consideration.
Mr Speaker, (continued Mr. E.,) it does not
become a great and prosperous nation, interested
in preserving the records of its greatness, and Us
orbsperitv.and in imparting to the people the full-
est degree of information in the m^t durable and
imperishable form, to submit any longer to the
