1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The tellers resumed their places, and the vote
was again taken, with-the following result—ayes
85, noes 54.
So Mr. McLane's amendment was adopted.
The question recurring [on the amendment of
Mr. Hubbard as amended—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, proposed to
move an amendment to that amendment.
Mr. JONES made the point that the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland having been
adopted as a substitute for that of the gentleman
from Alabama, no further amendment to that
amendment was in order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
After some conversation—
Mr. JONES appealed from the decision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken by tellers, (Messrs. Hilliard and McMul-
len,) and decided in the affirmative—ayes 109,
noes 14.
So the decision was sustained, and Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment was decided to be in order.
iUter some further proceedings on a point of or-
der?®
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Sec. 2. And be it J art her enacted, That the officeis and
sail«ir>> ot the navy <>t the United States who were engaged
in the Mexican war, cither m the Gult ot Mexico oi on die
PacifM ocean, he and are hereby placed upon an equal foot-
ing with the officers and men ot the army engaged in the
same service, and shrill be entitled to extra [lay and bounty
Jand, a-= piovided lor by the several ait> of Cohgre>s for the
benefit of the ?>aid ofheers and men ol theauuy.
Mr. S. said he had offeied this amendment in
good faith. A memorial on the subject had been
referred to the Committee on Naval Affaits, and
that committee had reported a bill substantially
the same as this amendment. But although this
amendment was the same in effect, it was so dif-
ferent in phrase that it could not be objected to
on the ground that it was out of order. Unless
the provision enibiaced in this amendment was
inserted in this bill, there was little piobabiiiLy that
the question would be reached before the end of
the session. In reply to a remark of his col-
league, that sailors are not entitled to share in these
bounty lands, he would only say, that during the
war with Mexico, the sailors wete landed and
fought on shore. They had then no opportunity
to take prizes. He wished to have a vote on his
amendment.
Mr. E WING (Mr. Stanton having withdrawn
his amendment) renewed the amendment. He was
opposed to it, and fortius reason, that it would in-
troduce a new principle m our bounty-land sys-
tem, which would open the door for the admission
of innumerable claimants, who have never before
been considered as entitled to share in these gra-
tuities of land. If weare now to admitthe sailors
provided for in this amendment, we shall have to
admit also the sailors of the war of 1812, who are
still more entitled to our favor. He was opposed
to the amendment, because it breaks in on the old
system, because it wouid render it necessary here-
after- to let in the sailors of the war of 1812, and
because it would require a much greater appropria-
tion of the public lands. There was a distinction
to be made between sailors and soldiers. The sail-
ors could make a good deal by prize money; sol-
diers had no such opportunity. Sailois also live
principally on the water, and would not be able to
do anything in the way of improving the lands,
or to occupy them. Thus they stand on a differ-
ent footing. Soldiers have only therr pay and ra-
tions, while sailors frequently drfiw large sums of ,
prize money out of ships which they have taken.
Saiiors may not capture any ships, but their fail-
ure to make prizes ought not to entitle them to the
privileges of this bill. There is a large amount of
prize money made every war, not a single dollar
of which ever goes to the soldier.
Mr. E. withdrew the amendment, at the re-
quest of
Mr. CROWELL, who renewed it. He was in
favor of the amendment. He thought it proper
that the piovisions of this bill should be extended
to this branch of the service, it should be re-
membered that the marines manned the batteries
at Vera Cruz; and that a portion of our seamen
'marched to Mexico. They aie, therefore, fully
as entitled to the benefit of this bill as the soldiers.
He was m favor of the amendment, and he would
not consenUo withdraw it, to open the door for a
mm
further debate. He desired to have a vote taken
on it; and without further remark, he would re-
quest a vote on the amendment.
After some conversation, the question was taken
on the amendment of Mr. Stanton, and, by
ayes 81, noes 68, it was agreed to.
After some further conversation on a point of
order—
Mr. EVANS offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, That before any of the warrants mentioned
herein shall i sue or he satiffied, the debts ineuiiod dtning
the vvarot the Revolution, due to the soldiers thereof, and
which lemam un«at tdied, m whole or in pari, bhall first be
paid out of the proceeds of said lauds, whether the samR
consi?t of loan oflico ceitificates or continental scrip, or of
an> oihei indebtedness which was issued to thciri. and
which they were forced to depose of at a ruinous sacrifice.
After some conversation on a point of order—
Mr. EVANS made some rematks, which have
not been furnished; after which, he withdrew the
amendment at the request of
Mr. GORMAN, who renewed it. He said:
Mr. Chairman, 1 renew this amendment, to say
to the friends of the hill, that*these propositions
to include ^everybody, both sailors and soldiers,
are killing It. it is nearly dead now—you have
ii already neaiiy destroyed it.
Sj The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
jj boldly proclaimed his settled opposition to it, and
11 he is too candid to say that he offers this amend-
, j ment for any other purpose than to destroy it; his
^ speech was intended as a funeial sermon over its
already mutilated remains. It must now be evi-
dent to all that the moment you altered the bill
from what it was when it came from the commu-
te , you gave it a serious blow. Gentlemen must
have observed that the enemies of the bill vote for
any amendment to weigh it down. If you want
the soldiers of the war with Great Britain to have
this bounty land, vote against, any and all amend-
ments that are proposed. The committee gave it
full consideration, and decided to (jive eighty acres
to all six-months men, one hundred and sixty
acres to all twelve-months men. This will be fol-
lowing precedent; and to give it for a less period
of service, will be departing from former prece-
dent. I have been devoting myself most ardently
to get this bill passed; and I would, with all my
heart, give forty acres to all soldiers who served
three months or less, and were, during that time,
in any battle; but all the members on this floor
know, that to bring the service below three months,
and give every man forty, or eighty, or one
hundred and sixty at res of land, who were only
drafted for some peculiar emeigency, and served
from five to thirty, fotty, or fifty days, during
which time they possibly never saw an enemy, is
to kill this bill dead. Are members aware that
during the war with Great Britain, there were
called into the service three hundred and eighty-
two thousand militia and volunteers, and that two
hundred and fifty thousand of that number were
mere temporary soldiers, called out and stationed
along the sea-board, m most instances for a few
days, or one or two months? many of whom were
at home, and at their work on their farms, and in
their shops, merely hulding themselves in readi-
ness, if they should be needed.
Those who are ardently and honestly wishing
the passage of this bill, should vote down every j
amendment to the bill, and keep it as a prudent, i
careful, and well-informed committee brought it in. j
1 would be glad to give a bounty to every soldier |
who served his country for but one day; but you !
must limit the time to some reasonable period of
actual service, or you cannot get any bill passed ,
through this PLouse.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] is too .
| candid a man to rise in his place and say, that by
| voting for these amendments, he did not deliberately
j intend to oppose, defeat, and d^tvoy the bill.
I Mr. VINTON said, if the gentleman will per- 1
I mit me, I will state my motive. The bill entirely :
destroys our land system—I therefore oppose it.
Mr. GORMAN continued. The gentleman ■
from Ohio, and a large majority of his Whig
fi lends, have opposed the bill from the start. But
I- desire to say a word more : The original biil
proposes to give bounty land to the six, twelve,
end eighteen months militia and volunteers. If
left in that form, it will pass; if reduced to five,
ten, twenty, thirty, or sixty days service, it will ,
not pass, as every member now can plainly see.
if the biil is left as the committee reported it, it.
j will provide for about twenty-two thousand men,
| or their children, and no more. I desire the com*
uiittec to remember that my honorable friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Waldo] and myself, as mem-
bers of the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
had fully investigated this matter, and searched up
every law that had been passed on the subject of
bounty lands to soldiers; and we found that all
soldiers who were mustered into the regular ser-
vice for five years, got this bounty and extra pay;
and all who were mustered into the service for
during the war, got it likewise. So that, if you
leave the bill as the committee framed it, you pro-
vide for all the six, twelve, and eighteen months
men.
I am fully aware, that some of the very warmest ^
friends of the bill have proposed to amend',:by *
allowing all who served only one day, to come in'
j for this bounty. I know their good intentions;
! but the past history of bills of this kind is full of
j admonitions to its friends to keep off all amend-
| ments. And, sir, if it needs amendments, let it go *
j to the Senate; and they, having more time and less
I confusion, can, and will throw around it all proper
I guards. •  
| Messrs. CONRAD, CROWELL, and BIS-
| SELL, respectively, addressed the Chair, for the
j purpose of speaking, but were unable to do so, as
j Mr. Evans adhered to his-^amendment, stating
that he had offered it in good faith, and desired a
vote.
Mr. JONES called for tellers, which were or-
dered, and Mr. Gould and Mr. Waldo were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 71, noes 7'2.
So the amendment of Mr. Evans was rejected.
Mr. STANLY moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, That no warrant shall i«sue by virtue of this
act. until Conguvs lias decided what lands shall be set
apart for the benefit of the asylums m the sevual States
for the insane, the deaf and dumb, and the blind. '
Mr. JONES raised the point of order against
the amendment, that no law had passed Congress
appropriating land for such purposes as those de-
signated by the amendment.
Mr. HARALSON objected to the amendment
on another ground of order, which-was not heard
by the reporter.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the points of order.
Tellers wete asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Gould and Miller were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
I[ ported—ayes 49, noes 70.
!j So the amendment was rejected.
<; Mr. CONRAD said, he would move an amend-
ment, and he assured the friends of the bill that
he made the motion in good faith, and should urge
i its adoption.
; The amendment was read, as follows:
j Prowled, That the benefits of this act shall be, and they
I aie hen b>, extended to each officer, musician, and private,
enrolled or enlisted in any company that was actually laiseri,
,: otganized, arid equipped, in the State of Louisiana, in corj-
j| sequence of a call or requisition made by General Gaines
during the late war with Mexico, in order to reinforce the
troops on the Rio Grande under the -command of General
Ta\lor. and to the widows and children ot such as may
have died before issuing the warrants.
Mr. C., upon offering this amendment, begged
I leave to make a few remarks, which he thought
j would satisfy gentlemen of the propriety of
j adopting'it. It was, perhaps, within the recol-
| lection of many gentleman in that House, who
were familiar with the incidents of the late war
with Mexico, that when General Taylor found
i himself in a critical position on the banks of the
Rio Grande, General Gaines, who was then in
; command of the south western military district of
the United States, made a requisition upon the
Governor of Louisiana for a reinforcement. The
exact amount of that reinforcement he did not
recollect, nor had he the means now at hand of as-
certaining it. The requisition, however, wag re-
sponded to, promptly and zealously. The citizens
, of Louisiana, from all parts of the State, even
: from the most remote sections of it, flocked to
I New Orleans for the purpose of tendering their
i services, and of embarking there to go to the aid
, and icscue of General Taylor and his gallant little
band on the banks of the Rio Giande. They
were armed and equipped attheirownexpefise;and
it was within his knowledge that many oftheofficers
i incurred a very considerable expense, not only in
: equipping themselves, in purchasing their uniforms
I
