1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
ana tneir norses, but that, they even assisted, from
their private means, in furnishing equipments for
their respective corps. A portion of them were
sent back to Fort Jackson, where they remained
for a considerable time. But it would be recollected
also, that the Administration of the General Gov-
ernment disavowed this aet of General Gaines.
They declared that General Gaines was not au-
thorized to make this requisition, and refused to
recognize the troops that had been thus raised in
virtue of that requisition, to form a part of the
army then serving in the war against Mexico.
In consequence of this, those ardent young men
who had left their homes for the purpose of enga-
ging in the war, anxious to proceed to Mexico, in
the expectation that there would be some hard
" fighting, were not only disappointed in this expect-
ation; were not only deprived of the opportunity
to distinguish themselves in the war—a privilege
which some of their compatriots were so fortunate
as to be able to obtain—but lost the sums they had
advanced and expended in equipping themselves.
He believed they had never received one dollar
from the Government as compensation for those
expenses or for their loss of time and their trou-
ble, and more than all, for the disappointment they
had to endure. He believed that the haidships
and toil, to say nothing of actual expenses in-
curred by the officers for themselves and the mem-
bers composing their regiments, were at least equal
to those of many whom it was the object of this
bill to compensate. He believed there were thou-
sands and tens of thousands, who would be bene-
fited by the provisions of this bill, if it should be
passed, who were.not half so much entitled to re-
muneration or reward, as the individuals to whom
he had referred. They came there and enlisted
under the requisition and in obedience to the call
of the commander-in-chief of the district, who had
made an earnest appeal to their patriotism. They
came there m the expectation that they were to form
a part of the army that was to niaich to Mexico,
and they were most grievously disappointed and
mortified when they were told that they must go
back to their homes.
Mr. MORSE obtained the floor, and at his re-
quest the amendment was withdrawn, with the
view of enabling him to renew it.
Mr. M. then renewed the amendment, and
said, he thought the committee would acquit him
of any desire to make a Buncombe speech; on the
contrary, he made it a rule generally to make what
were called anti-Buncombe speeches. And he did
not desiie on this occasion to make a speech for
the purpose of facilitating the passage of the bill
in its present form; for he was perfectly satisfied
that it never could become a law. There was but
one amendment which he cared anything about
making to the bill, and if it were in order he would
be inclined to move it now. The amendment that
he referred to would embrace a proposition similar
to that supposed to have been made by a certain
ideal personage, Mr. Tittlebat Titmouse, described
by a celebrated writer on the other side of the At-
lantic, to give everything to everybody; but if it
weie the intention of that House in reality to pass
the bill, making donations of the public lands to
those who had exposed their lives in the service
of the country, the peisons embraced m the amend-
ment that had been offered by his colleague were
as meritorious as any that were embraced in the
bill.
His colleague had very justly saM, that when
General Taylor called for a reinforcement, and a
requisition was made upon the Governor of Loui-
siana for troops, the citizens of that State promptly
responded to the call; and within less than sixty
days, one quarter of the population of that State,
capable of bearing arms, would have been upon
the banks of the RioGtande, where Genera! Tay-
lor then was, if they had been permitted to go.
Six thousand men were there within less than
sixty days, armed and equipped, ready to cooper-
ate with the remnant of General Taylor's army;
and at the end of three months, they were told
that General Gaines had acted without authority.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, desired permission
to inquire of thegentleman from Louisiana, wheth-
er those troops were not allowed to enter the ser-
vice ?
Mr. MORSE replied, that he did not know how
many of them eventuolly enlisted. But he de-
sired to state, that tliey were treated with great
indignity, and this circumstance was partly the
cause of bringing the Government into ridicule
and contempt. After a Major General of the
army had caused these men to abandon their
homes, and to equip themselves for the purpose
of entering the army, they were told that the re-
quisition was without authority of law, and that
their expenses could not be refunded to them;
they were told that they must either enlist for a
year or return to their homes.
As the bill at present stood, he thought he
should vote against it altogether, but at the same
time, withoutany intention of making a Buncombe
speech, he desired to place the people whom he
represented, and who had been subjected to heavy
pecuniary sacrifices, upon an equal footing with
the other proposed beneficiaries under it, in case
it should become a law.
At the request of Mr. Haralson, who next ob-
tained the floor, he withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HARALSON renewetj the amendment.
He had before him, he said, the act providing for
the donation of bounty lands to the soldiers who
served in the Mexican war; but he would not de-
tain the committee\)y reading what was doubtless
in the recollection of every gentleman. Those
who served for a period of less than twelve months
had been provided for. And he apprehended that
all those individuals in Louisiana, to whom the
gentleman from that State who had addressed the
committee referred, who had actually enteied the
service, had been provided for.
Mr. CONRAD observed, that those who had
responded to the call of the Governor of the State,
in obedience to the requisition of General Gaines,
had never been recognized by the Government.
Mr. HARALSON continued. They were then
excluded from receiving bounty lands upon the
principle that was adopted at the time of the pas-
sage of the act, because they were not marched to
the seat of war. And now it was proposed by the
enemies of the bill to pile up amendment upon
amendment in order to insure its defeat. He
trusted that the friends of the bill would discoun-
tenance this movement, which was evidently de-
signed to defeat the passage of the bill. They had
the power to pass it; and he trusted they would do
it. He appealed to them to vote down the amend-
ments and pass the bill, so as to do justice to
those who deserved the bounty of this Government.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed it. He said, if they de-
sired to be governed by a correct principle in regard
to the granting of bounty lands, this amendment
ought not to be adopted; but according to the prin-
ciple upon which they were proceeding, it mattered
but little whether it were adopted or not. Upon
the principle of giving to everybody a share, the
amendment would be a good one. How was it in
regard to the bounties that were given to the sol-
diers who fought in the battles of the Revolution ?
T-hey were given only to those who served the
full term of three years; and a soldier who had
been m service for two years eleven months and
twenty-nine days only, without completing the
three years' service, was not entitled to receive the
bounty. Theie were thousands who had fought
for the independence of the country—none of your
holiday soldiers, but men who had fought bravely
in many a battle—who had never leceived a bounty,
because their teim of service had not been suffi-
ciently long to entitle them, under the law, or to
bring their case within the principle which the
Government had established, and which it hed
now acted upon for sixty yeais. To change that
principle now, and extend these gratuities to eveiy
man who had entered the service at ail, was, to j
say the least of it, highly improper. If they were j
going to make the distribution genera], arid give |
land to everybody, why he would go for it; but if
it was going to be a partial and half-way measure,
surh as this appeared to be, he was entirely op-
posed to it.
The question being on the amendment of Mr. !
Conrad, tellers (Messrs. Cartter and Corwin) i
were appointed. j
The question was then taken, and, by ayes 62, I
noes 69, the amendment was rejected. I
Mr. VENABLE moved the following amend- I
ment: |
Provided, further, That tlie persons entitled to land under
the piovi ions of thie, act, shall tie entitled to den and and
receive at the Treasury, certificates of debt, hearing interest
at the late or three per cent., and redeemable at the pleasure
of the Government, estimating each acreot land to Le \v oittl
sixty-two and a half cents per acre.
Mr. Y. said: Mr. Chairman, the amendment
which I propose ought to'be satisfactoiy to all
the friends of the poor, neglected, and gallant
soldier. It ought to be most satisfactory, be-
cause it gives immediate payment, in a medium
which can be sold promptly in the market; be-
cause the compensation can be obtained without
the expense of agencies or locations; because it
it is simple in its operation, and, being founded
upon justice, ought to be made immediately avail-
able. The soldier's claim, and those of his
widow and children, are filled with interest, in
my view. They ought to be paid. The wants
of those who have been made poor that the
cpuntry should be made rich, ought'to be attend-
ed to and relieved. My friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Haralson] acknowledged that from fifty
to eighty millions of acres would be necessary
to meet the demand, and this, at sixty-two and a
half cents per acre—the price placed upon the
lands granted to soldiers in the Mexican war—
would be about as much as would "be necessary to
pay off the debt which the certificates 1 propose to
issue would be in amount. Some amendm*its
offered have provided that the soldiers, or these
entitled under them, shall remove to the lands in
order to enjoy the benefit of this land. The amend-
ment of the gentleman frojm Alabama [Mr. Hil-
liard] prevents the transfer of the scrip, except un-
der certain restnetions. 'Where is thejusticeof je-
quiring the soldier or his widow, worn down with
years and poverty, to break up and move to a
new territory, only to find a grave amongst stran-
gers?
The bill, as proposed to be amended, requires
actual occupation by those entitled.' 1 wonder
how those gentlemen, whose hearts so bleed for a
soldier's sufferings, ana whose sympathies so flow
out for his descendants, should be reconciled to
such a valueless offering in consideration of such
eminent and valuable services. Sir, if gentlemen
are in earnest, let us give in money what the gen-
tlemen ask in land, and then our faith is saved in
the pledge of the lands to redeem the ^27,000,000
loan, and the public creditor cannot complain.
Nothing is of higher importance than the most
punctilious regard to national obligations, to na-
tional good faith. Credit perishes when a doubt
as to either exists, and the mightiest people be-
come powerless for their own defence. Sir, we
hear of the countless millions of public land in
California, New Mexico, Oregon, and the Mis-
souri Territory. Gentlemen must know that
there aie no statistics at present by which we can.
ascertain the extent of the claims upon the lands
included in our acquisitions from Mexico, and
that in all the wide domain referred to, a large
proportion is desert or mountain, worthless now
and likely so to remain. Sir, let us come up in
good faith to this woik of comforting and reward-
ing the soldier and his family. Let us vote some-
thing which will give immediate comfort, imme-
diate relief; and whilst we acquire credit with the
country for zeal in this interesting cause, let us
deserve the applause which we may win. Those
included in the bill must be much advanced in
years, and cannot wait long for our bounty. Let
us not make eloquent appeals in favor of the old
soldier, and end in giving him 40, 80, or 160 acres
of land, and require him to settle on it or to forfeit
his claim.
If gentlemen desire to get rid of the public
lands, let them say so. if it is determined to disre-
gard our pledge for security to the loan—if it is
desirable to find a pretext to squander all this re-
source for revenue,—1 demand a fair chance for
those who aie represented here by me. Let us
give to every American citizen who will remove to
occupy and cultivate for five yeais, a quaiter
section of land. This would give value to that
which is adjoining, introduce population and culti-
vation into the wilderness, and confer a real bene-
fit upon the State; at any rate, in the distribution
all American citizens will have an opportunity of
acquiring a share; the deserving poor young man
may secure a home for himself, provide for the
maintenance of a family; the widow and her sons
may make an independence; and the soldier, his
widow and his family, together with the deserving
and enterprising of the joung men of the country,
may all have a share in our common possessions.
1 have not voted for grants to foreigners or to
corporations; 1 prefer providing for our own peo-
ple, and am unwilling to aid in making^he public
