1850.
THE CGMG.E-ESS1#NAL GLOBE.
For Mr. Parker—Messrs. W. R.,W. Cobb. Hubbard, Mc-
Queen, Powell, Wallace, and T.L.Harris.
No choice.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had nominated
Charles Stewart upon his own responsibility. He
desires his name to be withdrawn. He would
therefore withdraw it
Mr. SCHENCK said that, at the request of the
-gentleman, he would withdraw the name of Mr.
Randolph; and would beg leave to re*normnate
Mr. Horner, the present Doorkeeper.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, nominated Z.
McKnew, of the District of Golumbia.
Mr. BUEL nominated H. ^H. Heath, of Mich-
igan, as a candidate.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he would not vote
when the roll was again called. He had paired
off with Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
The roll was called the ninth time. The tellers,
reported that 207 votes had been cast; necessary
to a choice 104; of which
Mr. Horner received. 101
Mr. Cole 89
. Mr. Parker  11
Mr. McKnew     3
Mr. Heath  1
Mr. E. B. Robinson...  1
Mr. Tufts  1
207
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Horner—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Ashniun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,Bnggs. Al-
bert J. Brown, Kuirows, Chester Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,Campbell,Casey. Chand-
ler, Clark, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin,
Crowell, Deberry,Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, A. Evans,
N. Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
Miell, Halioway, Hampton, Hay, Havmond, Henry, Iiillmrd,
Hour-ton,Howe, Hunter, James L Johnson,Kerr, Daniel P.
Kins, George G. Kin?, James G. King, Horace Mann, Mai-
shall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, F. E. McLean,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Rose,Rumsey, Sackptt, Schenck, Scher-
merborn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding,
Spragu*1, Stanly, Thad. Stevens, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, White, Wilhalns,
Wilson, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Coif-—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bmghain, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd,
William J. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, Carter, Cleveland,
Howell Cobb, Colcnck, Daniel, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Dur-
kee, Edmundsnn,Ewing, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry,Gilmore, Gor-
man. Greeri, Hall. Hamilton. Harlan, I. G. Harris, S. W.
Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holiidav, Howard, A. Johnson,
Robert W. John>on, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La
Sfcre, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, McClernand,McDon-
-ald, McDowell, MeLanahan, R. M. McLane, Meade, Mil-
ler, Millson, Mouis, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee,
Peek, Phelps, Potter, Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Savage,
Sawtelle, Frederick P. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Wilham
Thompson, Venahle, Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, Whittle-
sey, Wildriek, Wilmot, Wood, and Young.
For Mr. Parker—Messrs. Bis ell, W. R. W. Cobb, Feath-
erston, T. L. Hams, Jones, McQueen, Powell, Seddon,
Wallace, Bocock, and Hubbard.
For Mr. McKnew—Messrs. G. A. Caldwell, Mason, and
R. H. Stanton.
For Mr. Heath—Mr. Buel.
For Mr. E. B. Robinson—Mr. McMullen.
No choice.
Mr. STANLY rose and said, he begged leave
to re-nominate Mr. Stewart, the gentleman who
was nominated this morning. Let us see (said Mr.
S.) if we cannot compromise upon him.
Mr. GORMAN also re-nominated CharlesStew-
art.
Mr. HOAGLAND nominated Charles L. Wel-
ler, of Ohio, but subsequently withdrew his name.
Mr. McMULLEN re-nominated E. B. Robin-
son, of Virginia, but subsequently withdrew his
name.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, withdrew
the name of Mr. McKnew.
Mr. BISSELL re-nominated Wm. G. Flood, of
Illinois, but subsequently withdrew his name.
Mr. CARTER moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken and the vote stood—ayes
66, noes 83.
Mr. CARTER asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And the question having been then taken, the
House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CARTER moved that there be a call of the
House, but withdrew the motion.
The roll was then called the tenth time.
After the roll had been called through, a great
many changes of votes took place, and changes
hack again; and much excitement pervaded the
Hall.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and was understood to
say, that some changcs had been made on account
of certain charges brought against one of the can-
didates, (Mr. Tufts.) He (Mr. S.) was authorized
to pronounce these charges false.
[Loud calls to order.]
Mr. PRESTON KING was addressing a re-
mark to the Chair when he was interrupted by-
calls to order.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. GORMAN said that as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schjsnck] had been allowed 'to make
his remarks, he (Mr. G.) demanded also to be
heard.
[Loud cries: "Order"—and "Leave".]
Mr. PRESTON KING said, if there was
anything in relation to the character of either of
these candidates which was not known to the
House, he thought it was proper that it should be
stated.
[Renewed calls to or^er.]
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order now
except under a suspension of the rules.
[Calls: " Suspend the rules."J
The SPEAKER (continuing.) And the House
cannot suspend the rules to-day. Hence, unani-
mous consent will be required.
[Cries of " Leave—leave."]
Many objections were made.
The result of the vote was then announced as
follows:
Mr. Tufts received  .99
Mr. Stewart   96
Mr. Wright   9
Mr. Weller   1
Mr Randolph  1
Mr. Cole   ! 1
The following is the vote in detail:
207
For Mr. Tufts—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Bieck,
Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thos. B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Clatk, Chngman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell,
Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander
Evan«, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Giridings, Gott,
Gould, Gnnnell, Halioway, Hampton, Hay, Ha>moud, Hen-
ry, Houston, Howe Huntei, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George
G. King, James G. King, Preston King, Horace Maun, Mar-
shall, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissoek, Finis
"E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phcemx, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackeu,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spalding, Sprague, Stanlv, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thur-
man, Tuck, Underhill, Van Dj ke, Vinton, Watkins, White,
Wilson, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Stewart—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bisseli, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Al-
bert G. Brown, William J.Brown, Buel,.Burt, E.'C. Cabell,
Jos. Cable, George A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland, Howell,
Cobb, W. R. W. < 'obb, Colcock, Daniel, Doty, Edmuudsoo,
Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Hams, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hilhard, Iioagland,
Holhday Howard, Hubbard, Andrew Johnson, J. L. John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Leffler,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Mc&ueen, Mc-
Wilhc, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peas-
lee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Robbms, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
&tephens, Stetson, Strojig, S weetser,Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, Wilham Thompson, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildriek,
Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. Wright—Messrs. Olds, Pock, Morris, Wood,
Bingham, Booth, Dunham, Wilmot, and tlarjan.
For Mr. Randolph—Mi. Morton.
For Mr. Weller—Mr. Disney.
For Mr Cole—Mr. Julian.
[At one time, pending the changes upon the roll,
Mr. Tufts was elected. Subsequently, Mr. Stewart
was elected. Finally, in consequence of changes
to Mr. Wright, there was no election. It was so
declared by the Speaker.]
On motion, the House then adjourned till to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &,C.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule :
By Mr. ROSE: The memoual of J. W. Swift, praying
that he may be granted a pension. Referred to the Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of John Slsglns, and 73
others, citizens of the county of Venango, Pennsylvania,
asking foi a change in post route No. 1677, m said -county.
Rt-ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
.Roads.
Also, the petition of .Nathan Evans, and 80 others, citizens
of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, asking for a ehange in the
tariff laws,-and an increase of duties upon ceitain articles.
Referred to'the Committee of'Ways and Means.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi; Tire petition of the re-
gister and receiver of the land office at Washington, Missis-
sippi, proving compensation for extra services by them per-
formed. Referred to the Committee on PublicXantfe.
By Mr. LITTLEFIELD: The-memorial of John Neaf
and others, of the State ol Maine,, praying for indemnity for
French spoliations.prior to the year 180D. Jteierred tothe
Committee an Foreign Affairs.
By Mr.MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of James -
Johnston, A. Montgomery, and,55 others, citizens of Penn-
sylvania, tor a -mail route from Elderton, in Armstrong
county, via South Bend, WestLebanon,andClarkslnus, to
liiairsvnie, in Indiana county, Pennsylvania. Referred to
the. Committee on the Pom, Office and Post Roads,
nn £ Pe.lin°n of Leonard Nicum, David Evans, and
140 others, citizens of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the office of Chaplain, and refrain
from all legislation on religious subjects. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. MORTON: The petition of Margaret Williams,
tor a pension, as the heir-at-law and next ol km of Captain
John Williams, who fell m an action m September, 1812,
at Davis's Creek. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. CONGEE: The petition of S. J. Bowen, asking
pay for his services as clerk in the Second Auditor's office.
Also, th#petition of S. J. Bowen, asking compensation
for his service* as a clerk in the oifice of the Third Auditor,
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of-Henry Newberry
and 100 others, citizens of Cuyahoga Falls, Summit county,
Ohio, praying for a uniform rate of postage of two cents.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of A.Tr Spencer, and a
large number of other persons, praying Congress to take the
necessary steps to have certain remnants of Indian tribes
therein mentioned, removed without theJimitsof Louisi-
ana. Referred to the Committee on Indmn Affairs.
By Mr. WHITE: The petition of William Farnam and
other citizens of Meeha icaville,'New York, praying for a
uniform late of postage. Referred to the Committee on the
Po<t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of Amos
Knapp, for an invalid pension. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts ; The petition of Lem-
uel Vinal, Nathaniel Vinal, DebbeyVmal, and Elizabeth
Stetson, brothers and sisters, the original claimants on the
United States for indemnification loi French spoliations
prior to the year 180}. Referred to the Committee on
Foreign Aliairs.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 17, 1850.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of licensees,
under the patent right of Thomas Blanchard, of a
machine for turning irregular forms, asking to be
protected against foreign violations of the said
patent right; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
zens of Utica, in the State of New York, asking
a reduction of the rates of postage ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of Mary
MacRae, widow of an army officer, asking a re-
newal of her pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of editors
of newspapers in the State of Pennsylvania, assem-
bled at Harrisburg, asking that newspapers may
be exempt from postage within the limits of the
Congressional district where published; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, asking the construction of ice-harbors in the
Delaware river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Union county,
Pennsylvania, <isking'"a modification of. the tariff,
and the imposition of specific duties in lieu of ad
valorem; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, the petition of John Tettermay and others,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of Wm.
#G. Lockwood and others, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee.
Mr. BELL presented several petitions, all nu-
merously signed, one from citizens of New Or-
leans, Louisiana, one from masters and officers of
steamboats on the Ohio river, one from insurance
companies and citizens of Louisville generally, one
from citizens of Christian county, Kentucky, three
from citizens of Lexington, Caldwell, and Tngg
counties, Kentucky, one from marine anu insu-
rance companies and other citizens of Nashville,
in the State of Tennessee, urging an appropriation
