THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
The first pending amendment was the following,
Jhoved by Mr. Venable on Friday, as an amend-
ment to the amended amendment of Mr. Hob-
Sard, (heretofore published,J viz:
Provided, further. That the persons entitled to land under
tile provisions of tliis act, sii.all be entitlwi to demand and
receive at the Treasmy, certificates of debt, bearing interest
at the rate of three per cent., and redeemable at the p!ea=uie
of the Government, estimating eacti acre of land to be worth
sixty-two and a half cents per acre.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs
Waldo and Fowler were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 52, noes 71.
So the amendment "of Mr. Venable was re-
jected.
The question [recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Hubbard—
Mr. ROOT offered the following amendment to
the amendment:
" Provided, That no person entitled to the benefit of this ac
shall receive a patent for his land until he shall have resi-
ded upon and improved the same for three jeius within the
five years next succeeding the passage hereof."
Mr. R.OOT said he hoped the amendment would
be agreed to; it contained a principle which, if this
bill was to become a law, he desired to see carried I
out. If the bill was to be passed, granting bounties
to so many persons as were now comprehended
within us provisions, by virtue of the amendments
which had already been adopted, he desired to go
one step further, and grant lands to all persons who
were heads of families, and who would become
actual settlers. He avowed himself in favor of
this policy; and he hoped that before the final con-
summation of the measure, the policy would be
adopted, that every head of a family should hav£
a free grant made to him of aquantity of land, say
one hundred and sixty acres, upon condition of
actual setilement and lesiuence thereupon* for a
certain length of time. This he regarded as the
best disposition that could be made of the public
land3.
But (said Mr. R.) this plan of scattering the
land so indiscriminately will lead to land-jobbing,
which' is already the curse of this country, and
which benefi s none but the land-jobbers and spec-
ulators. If you make these grams, how many of
those to whom the land is granted will occupy the
land? Not one in twenty. Without some such
amendment, it will be worse for every practical pur-
pose for the country, and for landowners all over
the country. It wdl benefit only that class who
are denominated in the city of New York " Tombs
lawyers." They will be the practical beneficia-
ries underthis bill. Yes, sir, as my colleague says,
the jail lawyers, or rather pettifoggers, will be "the
recipients of these bounties. Sir, you have taken
much pains to keep up the price of the public
lands. When you enacted the Mexican bounty
land bill, you provided that money might be re-
ceived in the place of land, and it was made a re-
spectable sum, in order that the price of the land
warrants might be kept up; but now you have
just voted down a proposition for a similar pur-
pose—a provision of precisely the same kind—
only that it fixes the value at a less sum, at about
one-half the minimum price. And my woid for
it, as the bill now stands, the value of land war-
rants will depreciate so much, that your bounties
will amount to no bounties at all, except bounties
to agents and speculators. How will it operate'
Why, your Mexican soldiers, to whom you have
given bounties, will have tiieir bounties depreciated
to about one half or one fourth of their original
value; instead of being worth $100 or #120, they
will be worth about one fourth of that sum. You
are actually depreciating the value of the land
warrants you have already granted—affecting the
interests of those soldiers to whom you have al-
ready granted bounties. In no way, except by
establishing a minimum price for these lands, or
confining the grants to actual settlers, can you
prevent these evils. I hope no member will refuse
to support the amendment.
Mr. POTTER appealed to his colleague to
withdraw the amendment to enable him, (Mr. P.,)
by renewing it, to offer some remarks.
Mr. ROOT declined to withdraw.
Mr. BOOTH called for the reading of the amend-
ment.
The amendment was read.
Some conversation occurred between Mr. Pot-
ter. and the Chairman, as to the state of the ques-
tion.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Harris, of Tennessee, and Cobwin,) and decided
in the negative—ayes 59, noes 76.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BILLIARD moved the following amend-
ment, of which he had previously given notice,
viz:
Provided, That the persons to whom the said lands are
hereby granted, shall actually occupy and cultivate the said
lands for the space of twelve months.
He desired simply to call the attention of the
House to the amendment; it required an actual
settlement of twelve months before tbe patent is-
sfted.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Venable and Duncan were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 57, noes 66.
So the amendment of Mr. Hilliard was re-
jected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following amendment :
Provided, That no warrant authorized to be issued under
tins act shall avail die party to whom it may have issued,
iiis heirs or assigns, but shall be absolutely forfeited, unless
said warrant shall be located and the 1 utd settled on and
improved by a res dent settler within two years alter the date
of said warrant. Jlnd provided further, That no warrant or
certificate shall be issued under the provisions of this act
after five years from its passage.
Mr. BUTLER, in explanation of his amend-
ment, said he thought the friends of the bill ought
not to oppose such an amendment, unless they
were the friends of speculators, which could not be
presumed of any gentleman in the House. Ifthis
amendment prevailed, all the lands granted by this
bill would be settled within two years after the is-
suing of the warrants, and most unquestionably
such settlement would greatly promote the growth
and prosperity of the section of country in which
these warrants might be located.
The question was taken by tellers, Mr. Evans,
of Ohio, and Mr. Huebakd, and decided in the
negative—ayes 55, noes 71.
So the amendment of Mr. Butler was rejected.
Mr. EVANS, ofMaryland, offered the following
amendment:
Provided, That all the soldiers of the revolutionary war,
who may tiave served six months in said war, sb till be entitled
to 160 acres of land, and in case of the death of any soldier,
then the said land may be located by his widow, or in case,
of her death, by llts decendants, preferring the next 01 kin.
Provided, fmther, That said soldiers have not already re-
ceived bounty land.
Mr. EVANS rose and said: Mr. Chairman, I
offer the amendment in good faith, in order that
we nmy provide for a class of men of unexampled
I good conduct; men to whom we owe our liberties,
j our institutions, and all that we have and are.
Sir, no one can be—no one is, more ready than I,
| to yield all honor to the brave soldiers of the war
I of 1812. 1 respect, esteem, and revere those men.
i I admire their fortitude and their courage; but I
; am not willing to provide only for a small portion
of them, to the exclusion of others equally brave
and equally meritorious, as is proposed to be done
by those who are the seeming friends of this bill.
I propose, sir, to test the sincerity of gentlemen
who talk to us about the scarred and mutilated
I soldier, by offering to their acceptance this pro-
vision for the heroes of the Revolution, who are
still unprovided for, and who, after defending their
country and their country's cause in an hundred
battles, all maimed and mutilated, sit down in the
feebleness of age and the destitution of want, the
victims of a nation's ingratitude. Sir, what will
gentlemen say against thia amendment?—what
can they say? What device can they start to jus-
tify us rejection? JNone I It is the test of their
sincerity, and of itself will determine whether this
measure is for the benefit of the war-worn veteran
or of the greedy and grasping speculator, and wily
land agent. Already you have rejected the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from North' Caro-
lina, [iVlr. Venable,] providing for the payment
to the soldiers in money, if he desire it, at the rate
of sixty two and a half cents per acre—a provision
precisely similar to that made for the soldiers of
the Mexican War. It is by the rejection of this
amendment,among others, that you have made the
soldier doubly liable to be the victim of the spec-
ulator. In his old age he is unable to proceed to
the distant western States to locate his warrants.
You have refused to permit the Government to
make him any allowance-in lieu of it*, which al-
lowance would have retained his warrant at a
respectable price, and you have thus compelled
him to dispose of it to grasping, avaricious specu-
lators, And this is us design: it is not for sol-
diers, sir—it is for land agent3 and scrip dealers.
Now let us see whether the soldiers of the war of
American independence are to be overslaughed;
whether the soldiers only of the wars nearest to
our own times are to have a pretended provision,
upon no other principle that can be shown but that
the revolutionary heroes have almost all gone
down to their honored graves, and now, after life's
fitful fever, they sleep well, and no longer are of'
use for purposes of Buncombe: no more votes can
be made out of this stern old race of republicans,
christened on the battle-field, and baptized in fiiej
and therefore they are to be neglected and their just
claims rejected, it may be done, sir; but gentle-
men shall not prevail in it while I have strength to
offer an amendment, nor shall it be done without
a due exposure in the reports of this House—it
shall show on the pages of your Congressional
Globe, sir, and the pretended friends of the soldier
shall be stripped of their borrowed plumes.
He withdrew the amendment at the reque^of
Mr. Potter, and on pledge by that gentleman
that he would renew and adhere to the amend-
ment.
Mr. POTTER renewed the amendment. He sta-
ted that the effect of several amendments offered this
morning was to defeat the bill. He saw that it was
the object of the gentleman from Maryland to carry
out his declaration made when the bill was last un-
der consideration, that he would offer eighteen or
twenty amendments which he desired to propose.
Various propositions have been offered this morn-
ing,all of which look to actual settlement for a term
before the patent issues. But gentlemen ought to
be aware that the persons for whose benefit this
bill is intended are mostly old or infirm, and utter-
ly unable to £0 on these lands for the purpose of
occupation and improvement. The object of the
bill is to give them some small pittance to help to
support them during the few years they may have
to live. One amendment required the party receiv-
ing the bounty to live for three years on the land.
But there is at least one half of the soldiers of 1812
who will not live three years, and who can never
occupy the land, unless you bury them on it. He
hoped all these amendments would be voted down,
and that the bill, as already amended, will be
passed. He would have no objection to this
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland if he
could be assured that its effect would be to give to
every one his due recompense. As to the objec-
tion that this bill looked back too far, we have al-
ready given pensions to those who fought as far
back as 1781 and 1782. AH the revolutionary sol-
diers have been provided for. In his district, in
Ohio, all the lands lyin? between the Scioto and
the Miami rivers had been set apart for the revo-
lutionary soldiers. Virginia had set apart a por-
tion of lands—Congress had also set apart lands
for these soldier^. Thus two or three millions of
the public lands have been appropriated. And the
gentleman from Maryland proposes to add to these
lands, for the benefit of those who are already well
provided for. He hoped theamendment would be
voted down, as he regarded it as frivolous and not
offered in <?ood faith.
Mr. EVANS denied that his amendment was
frivolous, declaring that it was. offered in good
faith.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. POTTER declined, having pledged himself
to adhere to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 only want to reply
to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr Evans.]
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, modified his amend-
ment by striking out the limitation of six months,
so as to extend the amendment to .any services
whatever.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Corwin and Mc&ueen were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 61, noes 74.
So the amendment of Mr. Evans was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved the following as an addi-
tional section:
"JlnA be it further enacted, That so much of the public
lands as may ho necos-aty for the purpose be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, m addition to the quantity hereto-
fore appropriated bv 'An act for the relief of certain officers
and soldiers of the,Viriuma line ami nuvv, and of the oon-
i unental army during the revolutionary war;' (approved the
