THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1850.
New Series.... No. 12,"
which it can be adopted, shall be adopted, so that
we may have all the facts upon the subject.. If it
be untrue that the Administration have used any
such power or means, it is due to them that this
call should be adopted; that a response should be
had, in order that the country may know that they
have not used any such means. I think it due
alike to the country and to the Administration that
these rumors should be set at rest, either by show-
ing their truth, or by showing that they have no
foundation in truth.
I hope this resolution will be adopted—adopted
now, in order that we may. have a speedy answer,
and know what has been done on the subject.
Mr. SMITH. As I intimated to the Senate in
making this motion, 1 desired to bring before the
Senate such resolutions as would excite no debate.
I am very sorry that the honorable Senator from
Illinois should insist upon the consideration of this
resolution at this time. If the resolution is adopted
at all, it certainly, as it strikes me, ought to un-
dergo very . considerable modifications, and the
subject will 'be likely to engross the entire attention
of the Senate during the morning hour. But I
desire to state, for the information of the honora-
ble Senator and of the Senate, that I understand
from a source of information upon which I can
rely, that a most explicit communication has been
made to the House of Representatives on this en-
tire subject, and that the President and heads of
Departments have been so particular as to commu-
nicate copies of every single scrap or scrawl that is
to be found in the archives relating to this subject, so
that the honorable Senator will probably learn and
be fully satisfied as to the truth of what I regard
to be a most unfounded imputation on the President
and the present Administration. And I venture
to state further, that when these papers come be-
fore the public the honorable gentleman will learn
that the celebrated proclamation that was issued
by Gen. Riley, upon the basis of which this Con-
vention was authorized, was issued under the au-
thority of the last Administration, and not under
the authority or by any instructions that were
given by the present Administration.
[ do not wish, Mr. President, to occupy the
time of the Senate in discussing this subject; but
I think the honorable gentleman, before he ventured
to introduce into this body imputations upon the
President and the present Administration, should
have waited until the papers came before Con-
gress; and I think that the course which the hon-
orable gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Clemens]
proposes to take in reference to this subject is en-
tirely-right and proper. I understand that these
papers are exceedingly voluminous; so much so
that when printed they will probably make an
entire octavo volume; and- for the Senate to make
another call, and compel the heads of Depart-
ments and their subordinates to copy all these
papers over again, when they are already in the
hands of the House of Representatives, and are to
be printed at the expense of the Government, and
a copy, according to the practice ot Congress, to
be laid before every Senator, would seem to me to
be a most unnecessary consumption oi the time of
the officers in the various Depaitments, as well
as an unnecessary expense to the Government.
Without, therefore, Mr. President, occupymgany
more of the time of the Senate on this subject, and
with a view to the consideration of a subject which
I feel assured will not give occasion to debate, and
in conformity with what seems to be the desire ot
♦ the Senator from Alabama, I wish to move to lay
this resolution for the present on the table; ana it,
when the papers come in, there is not a most tuii
and perfect response to every reasonable interrog-
atory, and a complete answer to even any un-
founded suspicions in which he may see tit to
indulge with regard to the course of the Adminis-
tion,l will then most cheerfully unite with him in
making a fresh demand. _
I move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion for a moment, in order to allow
me an opportunity to say only a word or two in
reply.
12
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I made no charge; I made
no insinuation of improper conduct against this
Administration. I merely referred to the fact,
which is well known to the country-—which is
well known to every Senator here—that the news-
paper press throughout the country has been dis-
cussing this question, and that imputations are
made against the Administration for improper
interference to coerce public opinion, and suppress
its free expression in California. I know not
whether these charges are true or not. I have
seen no evidence that justifies the belief that they
are true. And for the sake of the country I hope
that, when the disclosure is made, I shall not then
find any evidence to justify this imputation upon
the Administration. But, sir, the champiofl of
the Administration makes, to my mind, a curious
exhibition here. He tells us ifi advance that it is
a foul calumny upon the Administration, and then
asks the Senate not to adopt the resolution. He
goes further; he says that the proclamation under
which this enormity is said to have taken place
was issued by General Riley under the orders of
the late Administration.- Thus, according to his
own language, imputing what, if false, would be
a foul calumny against the administration of Mr.
Polk; and which, if true, he, as an enemy of that
Administration, should be the first to call forth
and exhibit to the world. I therefore, as a friend
of the last Administration, call upon the Senate to
let us see whether this foul calumny against the
administration of Mr. Polk is true. I call on the
opponents of that Administration to do us the
justice to test the truth of these charges that are
made against the administration of Mr. Polk.
And I call on the friends of the administration of
Mr. Polk to come forward and help me redeem
his character and that of his administration against
those calumnies. And I call on the ftiends of the ad-
ministration of Gen. Taylor to show themselves
equally willing to show their hands on this subject,
and let the broad light of the sun shine upon the
transactions of the present and the late Administra-
tions alike. Sir, it will not do to hide, to cover up
this matter under the pretext of economy—that it is
going to cost a few dollars to pay the clerks for
copying the papers. Sir, is not the vindication of
this republican Government against the foul charge
of improper interference to suppress publicopinion
and to corrupt the elective franchise of sufficient
importance to justify the spending of a few dollars
more in paying for the copying of papers? We
spend money for copying papers and for printing
documents upon other subjects—upon subjects
which do not involve principles so dear and so
sacred as this.
Sir, this is a charge that affects the country, that
affects the character of republican government;
one that is calculated, if true, to fix a stigma upon
our whole system of government—the charge that
two Administrations under a form of government
that lives and moves and has its being only by the
freedom of elections, have by fraud, by military
force, by improper cocrcion, destroyed the free
exercise of the elective franchise, coerced a people
to form a constitution for themselves, under, which
they are to live, of which they themselves do not
approve, with a view of bringing them in under
such constitution into the Union,and thereby evade
responsibility in the settlement of the agitating
question of slavery. The charge has now become
more serious, because now it is made directly
against the late administration of Mr. Polk, where-
as it was oply, by the newspaper press, made
against the present Administration. I hope, sir,
the charge is unfounded against both, and as a
friend of the one, and an opponent of the other, I
challenge the investigation, in order to let the
world see whether it is true against either. I know
the Democrats are ready to meet this charge against
the late Administration, and we shall see whether
there is a Whig on this floor who is afraid to raise
the curtain as to the present.
Mr. SMITH. With regard to raising the cur-
tain, all 1 have to say is, that it has already been
raised once, and whether the honorable Senator
will be able to see anjr more clearly by having
another effort made to raise it, is a matter in regard
to which it is very difficult for me to form an opin-
ion. I have not said, Mr. President, that t"be
proclamation issued by General Riley was improp-
er. I have not said that anything done by him
while acting under the authority of the late Ad-
ministration was in. the slightest degree reprehen-
sible. 1 have cast no imputations whatever on the
late Administration, but I have stated broadly the
fact to the Senate, which I repeat, that when the
honorable Senator comes to examine these papers,
which are now, or rather copies of them, in the hands
of the House of Representatives, he will find that
that proclamation was issued by General Riley
while acting under the instructions and by the
authority of the last Administration, and before
he had received any instruct ions whatever from
the present Administration. I did not say, sir, or
if I used language that implied the idea, I did not
mean to say, that the late Administration gave
General Riley any special instructions on the sub-
ject. I do not know but that he acted on his own
responsibility. I do not know what are the facta
in relation to that matter. Nor shall I stand here
on the present occasion for the purpose of discuss-
ing the propriety of his conduct. I have a most
clear and decided opinion upon that subject. I
would be the last man in this body to say that I
believe that he acted illegally or improperly in any
respect, or that the conduct pursued by him was
intended as a coercion of the people of California;
but what I do say is, that the proclamation that
was issued by an officer of this Government, acting,
if I mistake not, not only as military commander,
but also as civil Governor of California, was issued
by that officer when acting under an appointment
conferred upon him byvthe late Administration. I
do not say by the special orders or directions of
the late Piesident of the United States, but acting
upon that authority, and before he received any
instructions from the present Administration.
Therefore, the responsibility of that proclamation
cannot be charged upon the President and present
Executive of the country.
This is all that I say in relation to this subject,
and all that I desire to say; but what I characterize
as a calumny, and I think justly, is the suggestion
of the honorable Senator, that the present Admin-
istration has taken measures to coerce the people
of California into certain measures in relation to
this subject.
The honorable Senator says that he does not
make any charge of this character. I am very
glad that he docs not; but he mentioned here, in
the presence of the Senate of the United States,
and before the American people, that such foui
calumnigs are in circulation, which, by the way,
have never fallen under my notice—that the pres-
ent Administration had resorted to some measures
of coercion in order to secure the organization of
a government in California. I am not about to
enter on the discussion of this question premature-
ly; and therefore I will not say what judgment I
have formed or which the Senate ought to form in
relation to this entire matter. 1 will leave that till
we have the question before us in relation to the
admission of California into the Union, provided
the people of that country shall appear here with a
constitution and solicit admission into the Union
at the hands of the two Houses of Congress.
When the question comes before us we shall nave
this entire subject for debate, and we shall then
learn how far the late Administration, and how
far General Riley, acting under the authority of
the late or the present Administration, are respon-
sible for any improper conduct or usurpation in
relation to this matter. . .
Now it is to me a matter of the mostprofound
indifference what is done .in regard to this resolu-
non If the honorable Senator's investigation of
the subject will be aided at all by having all these
nacers copied and printed again, after the honor-
able Senator has received one copy from the House
of Representatives; if he can be aided, or enlight-
ened, or receive any information by having another
copy of the same papers; if it is the opinion of the
