1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
soldiers had been compelled to receive their seven
dollars a month in depreciated paper. That gen-
tleman was opposed to giving the soldiers these
bounty lands, because he feared that it would in-
jure the credit of the country. The credit of the
country was to be injured by an effort to pay her
honest debts. Of all her debts, the debt of grati-
tude was the most sacred. We are in the habit
of voting away thousands and thousands in pay-
ment of doubtful claims; and shall we now hesi-
tate, wheie no one will presume to doubt the merits
of the claimants, and millions of the people are
calling for the payment? The friends of the bill
had brought in a bill, which had been changed by
amendments. He had brought in the bill which
the friends of the soldier had desired, and they
had now agreed again to take that bill up and to
unite upon it. He did not expect every one to
vote for it, who had been in favor of giving six
hundred and forty acres to every free negro in
Oregon. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ROOT renewed the amendment. He said
that some of the advocates of the bill had taken
it on themselves to read a lecture to those who
were opposed to the bill, and he supposed that he
was included among these opponents. But what-
ever the opponents of the bill had done m their at-
tempts to defeat it, had been done boldly, man-
fully, and in open daylight. They had agreed
on their course, and had taken every step in it in
the face of day. But the friends of the bill have
held their secret conclaves—have met toge^ier in
the dark, to digest their schemes and mature their
plans; and now they come forward and tell us that
they mean to carry their bill through, and to pass
it. Ail this is very well. But if these public-
lands are to be given away to persons who will
never be able to occupy them, and who are liable
to become the victims of fraudulent speculators,
why not give them the money instead of the land ?
A proposition was made to insert a provision, the
effect of which would prevent the depreciation of
the value of these warrants below a fixed mini-
mum. Why was this proposition rejected ? Why
was this voted down i By whom would the bene-
fitof this piovision be received? To what point
of depreciation may we not expect that these wai-
rants will fail when there is no limitation by law?
The whole scheme is one grand and general invi-
tation to all descriptions of men, financial or po-
litical, to come into this division of the spoils,
and to hold a jubilee—a carnival—at which the
public lands will be scattered among them for a
general scramble. He was opposed to a course
which, while K professed to be full of benefit to
the soldier, gave him no advantage, as it leu him
at the mercy of such ravenous vultures as the
Tombs lawyer and the jail-keeper, who would
get nearly the whole of the sum which might be
realized by his pittance of land.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. Bl^SELL renewed it. He remarked that
the opponents of this bill seemed to regard the
fact, which they took for granted, that tlyse land
wanants would depreciate gieaily, as an argument
against the bill. With him it was no argument at
irli. They were asked, what will these warrants
sell for m two or ihree years, if you pass this
bill? He did not caie if they sold for $20, or $10,
or §5; they would never depreciate so low but
they would be worth exactly one hundred and
sixty acres of vacant land. That was what they
would always be worth, and with one of these
warrants the settler could always get that amount
of the public land. That being the fact, he cared
not if they would not command in money $3-
Were they going to pass this law for the benefit of
those who bought or sold these warrants? They
were acting with no such view, but to provide for
those who had lou^ht for their country's defence
a farm and a home. The speculators and capital-
ists—those who owned large quantities of land,
were the very classes who wished to see this bill
defeated. Talk with any speculator or agent on
the avenue, and you would hear them denouncing
this bill. Why? Because they had their pockets
filled with Mexican bounty warrants, which they
had bought fiom the poor soldier at a greatly de-
preciated price; and if this bill passed, they would
be obliged to sell them for something like what
they paid. Be&ides this cla^s of capitalists Jiad
entered large quantities of land at the West, to
wjuch they wanted to hold on until they could sell
it out at their own price. The speculators and
agents in favor of the bill! They are all against
it; the large landholders are against it; those
companies of individuals in the East, who owned
large tracts of land in the West, were opposed to
it. He was in favor of it. It carried out the pol-
icy of which he had always been in favor. He
trusted that the day was not far off, when every
one who would go and live on the public land and
cultivate it, should have one hundred and sixty
acres, whether he was a soldier or not. This was
the only true policy for the Government to pursue
in reference to the public lands.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, who renewed
it, and said, that he desired simply to reply to the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Ohio, ■
[Mr. Root,] who had denounced a meeting held
on Saturday night, by the friends of the old sol-
diers, as a "secret conclaveSuch denunciations
were not only unjust, but untrue. No "secret
conclave" was held, nor any meeting that was not
open, manly, and fair, and of which due notice
was not given. The friends of this measure, who
really desired to do justice to the gallant men who
had bravely sustained the honor and promoted the
glory of our common.country, finding that the ene-
mies of the bill were exerting every nerve to de-
feat it, did hold a meeting on Saturday night last,
the purpose of which was to perfect a bill which
would command the greatest number of votes, and
thus secure the passage of a measure demanded by
the country. There was nothing dark, nothing
secret, nothing improper in that meeting. Public
notice of the meeting was given in the several pa-
pers of the city, and the friends of the measure
were invited to attend. If the gentleman was in
truth, and not in pretension, a friend of the meas-
ure, he, like all others, was invited. If he did not
choose to attend, it was his own fault, and not the
fault of any other persons. Sir, (said Mr. S.,) in
this measure of rewarding the brave old soldiers,
who are provided for by this bill, there is nothing
which requires secrecy—nothing which makes U
necessary for its friends to hold "secret con-
claves, " or do their work in the dark. All they
have done has been open, manly, and fair. The
meeting was held in this Hall, after due notice,
and for the honest purpose of perfecting a bill
which would command the support of a majority
of this House, and thus secure to our brave coun-
trymen some slight reward for their gallant ser-
vices.
I can readily conceive why the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio is so much in love with the meas-
ure of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moore,] offered a few days ago as an amendment
to the bill. That measure proposes to grant the
public lands to every man who chooses to avail
himself of the provisions of the amendment. It is
an infamous scheme to settle the public lands with
the worst population of the worst cities of the
Union—the lazy vagrants, who prefer to starve
rather than obtain a livelihood by honest toil.
And this is the class of citizens for whom the gen-
tleman from Ohio prefers providing, rather than
for the old soldiers. And why is it so, sir? I'll
tell you. By a lucky accident, I obtained, a few
days ago, a newspaper belonging to my honorable
friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] published
in Philadelphia, or some other northern city, for
whose benefit the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was to innure. That paper was
devoted to " land reform," and it advocated the
very plan embod-ied in that amendment. It dis-
closed a fact which enables me to account for the
great zeal with which the gentleman from Ohio
advocates the measure of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. The paper contained a letter from some
member of Congress, stating the fact, that this
measure for the wholesale squandering of the pub-
lic lands, was before Congress, and if successful,
would be more effectual in 44 clipping the wings of
slavery, than the Wilmot proviso, or any kindred
measure 39 Here, sir, is the secret of the gentle-
man's zeal for that particular plan of distribution.
It enables him to send among the moral and patri-
otic people of the new States the miserable vagrants
from your densely populated cities, not only to
carry their bad morals and bad habits with them,
but the miserable free-soil and fanatical notions
with which most of them are imbued. By this
means the Wilmot proviso is to be practically car-
ried into the territories. I do not mean to imply
that the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
is actuated by any such design, although I find a
letter of his on the subject of his measure in the.
same paper; but I do feel warranted in attributing
the zeal of the gentleman from Ohio to the purpose
indicated. It is because this purpose is to be ef-
fected that he opposes (he granting of bounty lands
to the meritorious men who have defended the
country in the hour of danger, and advocates its
distribution among those who have never rendered
the nation a day's service-, and who are too worth-
less to obtain a living by legitimate labor.
Mr. MOORE appealed to the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STANTON responded to the appeal and
withdrew.
Mr. MOORE renewed the amendment, and
said, he was not a little surprised to hear the gen-
tleman from Kentucky denounce the proposition
he held in his hand, and which he had given no-
tice to the committee he should offer as an amend-
ment to this bill, as an infamous proposition. Ami
the gentleman also alluded to some paper, which,
he said, issued from Philadelphia, and which said
that his (Mr. M.'s) proposition would clip the
wings of slavery, and that his name was connected
in some way with that paper. He denied it; he
never saw any such paper; and as for the gentle-
man's charge that his proposition was an infamous
one, he hurled it back upon him as it came. And
he desired to say, also, that in offering his amend-
ment, he did so not for the purpose of killing this
bill, as had been intimated, but for the purpose of
strengthening if; and that he should vote for the
bill, whether his amendment was attached to it or
not.
He withdrew the amendment, at the request of
Mr. G-IDDINGS, who renewed it, and said, it
was not his intention to detain the committee, as
he had rather vote than speak. He hoped the
friends of the measure would act rather than talk.
The amendment was again read.
Tellers were asked and ordeied, and Messrs.
Durkee, and Evans, of Ohio, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 54, noes 76-
So the amendment originally offered by Mr.
Nelson was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Hubbard, as amended—
Mr. CONRAD offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
11Prouidcd, That no warrant under this act shall be located,
in whole or in pait, on lands lymg along the line of any
railroad the route ol wlnclt may have ) een surveyed prior
to Mich location."
Mr. CONRAD said that he offered this amend-
ment in ail sincerity, and with perfect good faith.
There had been indications, ever since the com-
mencement of the session, that a measure would
be carried through, which was of transcendent
importance, not only to our soldiers and to our
sailors, but to that still more useful and valuable
class of our fellow-citizens, the farmers of the
country. He referred to the plan recommended
by the President to grant a large tract of the pub-
lic lands to aid in the construction of a great na-
tional railroad, which had been projected to run
across the country, from the State of Illinois to the
coast of the Pacific ocean. Works of this public
characterand importance must, of necessity, great-
ly enhance the value of the public lands; they fa-
cilitate the progress of cultivation and improve-
ment; they enable the farmer to carry his produce
to market, and increase the commercial business
of our sea-ports. And if works like these have
not hitherto received ample protection and encour-
agement from the Government, it is time that they
should now receive it. Should this bill pass in
its present form, and all this immense mass of
bounty lands should be thrown in the market, the
probability is, that locations of the laad warrants
j will be so made as to interfere with the great na«
tional railroad, or some other of the railroads
which have been projected, and which it is of
great importance to the public to have kept free
for use when required. The object of his amend-
ment was to prevent the location of any of these
bounty lands on any railroad route. Wherever a
railroad has been laid out or projected, the value
of the laud in the vicinity is increased. And it is
to be expected that speculators will keep them-
selves well informed on these points, and tha-t
lands which may be located in the vicinity of any
of these routes, will be eagerly sought after by
