180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
authorized to say it. Why do I say-it? He
■wishes to get rid of this matter until we read the
answer to the resolution of the Hodse, and says
that if this resolution is to be adopted it must be
modified, shewing that he is not willing to allow
the resolution to be answered as it now stands,
that he thinks that the answer to the resolution ot
the House will be enough, and that this must not
be adopted. I should not have deemed the mat-
ter of much importance but for the fact that this
Senator has shown in the debate that he must have
beervin communication with the President or his
Cabinet upon this subject. Why, he-informed the
Senate that Gen. Riley had not received instruc-
tions at a certain time; a fact that he could only
know from that source. He informed the Senate
that the Administration had sent copies of all pa-
pers relating to this matter, specifying particulars
—every scrap, every piece, every word—a fact
that he could not have known properly except by
communication with the Cabinet; he has intimated
to the"country—whether he chooses to avow it ex-
plicitly or not—that he has been in communication
wijh the Executive and his Cabinet on the sub-
ject; and, having been so, he tries to evade action
on this resolution, and if he cannot evade it, he
says it must be modified and changed.
Sir, does not this authorize the inference that
there is an attempt at concealment, and that, too,
by the Whig party ? And the honorable Senator,
sir, entertaining the opinions that he does, might
fully as well have employed his time in lecturing
that Senator instead of lecturing me; for what is his
complaint against me ? He says that I am in favor
of adopting this resolution, and he told the honor-
able Senator from Alabama that he should vote for
it himself. He says now that he will vote for it.
This is all I ask him to do. And he complains of
me because I am urging to be done what he pro-
poses'to do, and which his Whig friends and a part
of the Democrats are willing should be done. That
is the position; and yet, sir, I am to be lectured
here about the decoium and courtesy of debate.
There is as much courtesy in not criticising men
improperly; there is as much courtesy in refraining
from assuming to correct other men, until you
have corrected your own manners, as there would
be in talking deliberately and kindly to a brother
Senator. 1 do not pretend to carry a copy of Ches-
terfield in my pocket; I do not pretend to prescribe
to any brother Senator the rule which he shall ob-
serve in speaking, the hour when he shall speak,
or how he shall speak ; but I do pretend to judge
for myself as to what is due to myself and to the
Senate in debate, and I do pretend to say that it
would have been more courteous in the Senator
from Georgia to have replied to his friend from
Connecticut, knowing that what I said was true,
that he had attempted concealment upon this point,
than it would to have made a charge against me of
having misrepresented the Whig )>nrty.
There is more of political tact in this mode of
warding off the blow than there is of courtesy be-
tween Senators. I do not shuffle off responsibility
in controversy, by selecting out a msm of the oppo-
site party, and lashing him furiously, when I know
that my own political friend needs it, and stands
indefensible, and the evidence of that indefensible-
ness is exhibited here by his being struck dumb,
and unable to reply to the fact that he had shown
that he had been in communication with the Ad-
ministration on the subjtct. When I gave him the
evidence, he became mute and dumb. This must
have been observed by the Senator from Georgia;
and still i am to be lectured because I drew an in-
ference unfavorable to the Administration. ! say,
sir, that he, and not I, should have been the sub-
ject of this lecture, and with the kindest feelings
towards the-Senator from Georgia, I suggest that
I think he has committed a mistake, and has not
watched the course of the debate, or he would not
thus lecture me for want of courtesy.
Mr. DAWSON. It has never been my habit,
either in my public or private relations, to throw
back language at all improper to myself. I ask,
sir, whether any words I uttered when I was last
on the floor were impolite or unkind; and if, on
the contrary, they were not offered in the politest
manner, and m the mildest terms? Why, { have
never been in the habit of lecturing anybody, and
I think the honorable Senator himself has taken
more of my remarks to«himselfxthan he is entitled
to. My observations were these, and they were
such as came home to the good sense and the hon-
orable feelings of every'Senator on this floor: that
the idea of charging concealment to the party op-
posite to my friend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
was unjust and unnecessary. I saw nothing to
justify his imputation of a desire to "cover up"
matters which the Executive Department did not
desire to have brought to the world, and I desired
to ward off, so far as 1 could, all imputations of
this kind. We are in a minority here, and you
can pass, if you please, resolutions of any char-
acter; but never has there been the first motion
made by any Whig on this floor to avoid this in-
vestigation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Did not the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Smith] move to lay this reso-
lution on the table to-day?
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator from Connecti-
cut lose and said that this resolution would pro-
voke some discussion, and that, as he and his
friend, the Democratic Senator from New York,
had some resolutions which they had concocted
between themselves for the benefit of their constit-
uents, they had combined and asked the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Clemens] to allow his reso-
lution to lie over. Is the Whig party responsible
for that? Why, I should be doing injustice to
this body, and probably to myself, to again repeat
anything I have said,but everything I did say was
intended in kindness; and, when I desire to speak j
in language that is unkind, nobody will misappre- !
hend me. I submit to the Senator and the Senate !
whether the. position that I occupied is not true in j
point of fact, and whether I violated any rule of
Senatorial decorum or of personal intercourse in
stating it as 1 did?
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] says that he supposes that the Sen-
ator from Connecticut and myself had combined
in the preparation of some resolutions. Not at
all. I know nothing of that Senator's resolutions
except what I have learned from his public acts in
reference to them in the Senate, and perhaps he
knows as little of mine. My resolution is on the
table, as is the Senator's from Connecticut, and I
was desirous to get at it, and supposed it would
pass without debate.
Mr. DAWSON. That is what I mean, and the
Senator's explanation makes my position doubly
strong.
Mr. SMITH. I conceive that, after what has
transpired in the presence of the Senate, and after
the remarks which I made, and which I pre-
sume were very well understood by every mem-
ber of the body, that proper self-respect will not
permit me to pass unnoticed the imputation
made by the honorable Senator from Illinois, that
1 had indicated a desire to prevent a full develop-
ment on this subject. The Senator may amuse
himself as long as he pleases by repeating imputa-
tions of this character. I say to that gentleman,
and to the Senate, that I entered this body with a
determination on my part to preserve the decorum
of the Senate; and nothing said by him, or any
other person, will "ever induce me to embark in the
miserable business of crimination and recrimina-
tion. And further, I am willing that the facts, as
represented in this body, should go to the country
side by side with the charge which the gentleman
has made, and so often repeated. This is all I de-
sire to say on this point.
With regard to the suggestion which I made,
that I thought these resolutions ought to undergo
some little modification in some particulars that
are not very important. The parts of the resolu-
tions to which I referred, when I made the sug-
gestion, propound inquiries to the President in re-
gard to facts that are perfectly well known to every
member of the body. Now, it would hardly seem
consistent with the dignity of the Senate, and
hardly show a proper respect to the Chief Magis-
trate of the country, to inquire whether a census
has been taken of the inhabitants of California,
when we know there has not; whether the right
of suffrage was established there, when we all
know it was not; whether there have been election
districts, or the election of officers—answers to
which are perfectly well known to every member
of this body. And then the concluding inquiry,
as to the reasons the President has for supposing
that New Mexico will soon appiy for admission
into the Union, seems to me uncalled Jpr. I sup-
pose the reasons are all of a public and of notori-
ous character, and I did doubt whether it was worth
while to interrogate the President of the United
States on subjects with respect to which every
Senatar has all the information needed at present.
But I desire to withdraw that suggestion, and to
say further to the Senate, that after having on two
occasions—the Senator from Illinois says three—
moved to lay the resolution temporarily on the ta-
ble, and after what has transpired fyere in presence
of the Senate, I shall not repeat the motion I made,
but leave the subject in the hands of the honorable
mover and the body.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope this debate will be at
once terminated. I understand my friend from
Alabama [Mr. Clemen*] to have said that,
although this resolution differed in its terms from
the one adopted in the other House, yet in import
it is the same; but, whether like it or not, the in-
formation it has procured he thinks is sufficient for
all the demands of his resolution. I think, there-
fore, that some courtesy is due to that gentleman,
when he rises and tells the Senate that all the in-
formation he desires-to obtain by his resolution
will be obtained by the call of the other House;
and to press its adoption, after a declaration of
that character, seems to me to be making a cumu-
lative call. My vote might not explain what is
my intention on this occasion, and I have there-
fore made this explanation. 1 think there is no
one here who desires this information more than I-
do. I feel deeply interested in obtaining it, and
shall insist upon its being furnished; and if that
information is not found in the communication to
the other House, I shall myself, or, in courtesy.to
myfriendfromAlabama,ask him to present a res-
olution which will secure that end. I think it
due to the President of the United States that this
course should be pursued; and I will say further
that I never will suffer my partisan feelings to be-
come so apparent as to show that disrespect to the
President of suppossing that he would suppress,
withhold, or conceal anything this or any other
department of the Government has a right to de-
mand. I say this in justice to this Administration
and to all Administrations.
I know that there is a great deal of impatience
manifested to adopt California as a child here.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr.-Douglas] is so
impatient to adopt it, that at the iast session of
Congress he was willing to legislate it into the
Union ex rationis—when it had not even head, legs,
or lungs to breathe. And now we see the same
impatience manifested m regard to California. I
will but remark here, that when we get all the in-
formation that is desired, it will be found that
when she does come into the Union, it will not be
after the manner adopted by any State now em-
braced in this Confederacy.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I desire to explain,
I do not profess to be either mote courteous, more
just, or morekmdly than is usual among gentle-
men attached to a political party, and deeply sym-
pathizing in all that involves its ascendency; yet I
should regret on this occasion to be regarded as
disposed to practise gross injustice, discourtesy,
or unkindness towards those nowin power; and I
must say to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] that I fear what has fallen
from him just now may be construed into a charge
against some of us on this side of the Chamber of
having directly accused the President and his Cab-
inet of a desire to suppress, conceal, or withhold
some one or more material facts, information in
regard to which has been sought to be attained
by means of the resolution of the honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama.
Mr. BUTLER. I said that the Senator from
Connecticut had avowed that all the information
would come which was desired, and, after that
avowal, I thought it would be wrong to persist in
this call.
Mr. SMITH. I merely declared my belief that
the information would come.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish merely to say, that the
idea 1 affixed to the remarks of the Senator from
South Carolina would have gone to the country as
the true one, but for the satisfactory explanation
he has just given. I proceed to say, and I wish to
say it in the most emphatic manner, that I have
never heard any member of the Democratic party
in this Chamber, even in the most confidential in-
terview, intimate his suspicions that the President
or his Cabinet were disposed to mystify this sub-
ject, or were in the least inclined to withhold in-
formation which we had a right to demand. I
have ceitainly not so said, nor so thought. But I
