182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
necessary to make this call here. If that is the
case—if my colleague is well informed on the sub-
ject, and believes thjp call there has brought from
the Executive all the information he wishes, then
there is no necessity for the adoption of the reso-
lution, provided he is aware that the information
"will be communicated to us. I would inquire if
this has been ordered to be printed by the House.
Many important documents heretofore have not
been printed by them. Even messages of the Pres-
ident have not been printed by the House; they
have refused t'o do it. If this information then is
not printed, we do not get it. If it is printed, and
embraces all the topics referred to in my colleague's
resolution, then I say it is useless labor to copy it
all over again. I am truly sorry to see that my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] whom I have
always been proud to call my friend, has been
actuated by motives not -precisely such as I ex-
pected'from him in tfic advocacy of this resolution.
I supposed that, like myself, his sole object was
to get the information we desire on this subject,
and that no little miserable object was to be ac-
complished by it, North or South.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The honorable Senator will
allow me to call his attention to the facts. I moved
to take up the resolution because I thought it was
due to the Administration and to the country that
it should be adopted. I therefore advocated its
adoption this morning for public reasons, and I
should never have alluded to the private reasons,
had not the Senator from Alabama charged on me
that I was the cause of the postponement. There
were public causes for my course, but this fact was
private and personal besides.
Mr. KING. I cannot but regret that there is a
disposition to indulge in personalities here. It
should always be avoided, for it leads to no bene-
ficial results. I hope and trust we shall have fewer
exhibitions of this character hereafter. 1 say this,
while I probably subject myself to the censure of
attempting to lecture the Senate, which I would be
very far from doing. I speak as a Senator who
has been here many years, and as one always
anxious to see the members of this body preserve
that decorum and kindness towards each oth*r
whtch secures to the body the respect in which it is
held throughout the country and the world. I
shall vote, therefore, in consequenee of the intima-
tion of my colleague that he does not require any-
thing more than will be obtained through the
resolutions of the House, to postpone this matter
to a distant day, or to lay it on the table, if that be
preferable, with the understanding that it shall be
called up, if the communication of the House does
not contain the requisite information. I regret
that the remarks of the Senator from Illinois,
throwing, as I thought, imputation on me with
others, that I felt bound to repel, has imposed on
me the necessity of participating in this discus-
sion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely meant those Semi-
tors around me—those who had spoken to me on
this subject.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary that I should say more m relation to the
merits of this question, but there is a matter be-
tween the Senator from Illinois and myself which
requires that something should be said by myself.
And I take occasion to say that a Senator who un-
dertakes to retail private conversation ought to be
cautious what he says in relation to it, because if it
should happen that the memory of the individual
and his own should differ, he might find himself
.awkwardly situated. But he runs no risk in re-
tailing what I said. My lips avow what I do, and
my hand is ready to defend it. I said to the Sen-
ator from IHinois pretty much what he has related, ,
and something besides which he has not told. I
did t#l him, when he came to me and offered to
make a motion to take up this resolution from the
table, that I did not want his help. I did tell him
also that the North had proved what 1 always
knew—that the northern Democrats wanted to
shield the President from this investigation, be-
cause the slavery question was involved in it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I disavow, for myself, any
such imputation, that I gave a vote for any such
purpose.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman is perfectly
at liberty to disavow it if he sees proper. I repeat
that 1 said it, and 1 say it now, and 1 am respon-
sible for what I say, sir; that the people of the
Northern States were willing to shield the Presi-
dent from this investigation, because the question
of slavery was involved in it; that on a resolution
of this sort the entire body of the northern democ-
racy were found voting against it. I told him
that I wanted to show to the people of the South
that they were laboring under a delusion.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will thank the Senator
not to read me out of the party. I voted against
the motion to lay on the tabLe.
Mr. CLEMENS. I beg your pardon, sir. I
said the people of the South had been heretofore
laboring under the delusion that the northern
Democrats were their friends. I said it was a de-
lusion, and I was glad to have an opportunity of
explaining it to them. God deliver me from such
friends as the northern Democrats! I would
rather trust northern "Whigs to-day. They com-
menced the game earlier, and have not to go so far
to get in a proper position. Look at the resolu-
tions of Democratic-Legislatures and the messages
of Democratic Governors, and the resolutions adopt-
ed by Democratic conventions, and then tell me
about northern Democrats being the friends of
the6 South. They may vote in a body for the
adoption of this resolution if they choose, but it
will do us no good; because a similar resolution
has already been adopted in the House, and this
investigation must go on. They come forward
now, with their aid, when we can afford to dis-
pense with it. They tell us now they are willing
to adopt the resolution, and the gentleman from
Illinois says it is necessary to put himself in a
right position. What is that position ? It is to
enable him to go before the country and to tell the
South that he is still a friend of the South, and to
deceive them a little longer. That is the position
of the northern Democrats. Put them to the test,
put something practical before them,and where is
the aid which we get from the northern Democ-
racy*?
The junior Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields]
has seen proper to disavow a declaration made by
me in terms which I suppose were meant to be
offensive. I repeat, therefore, for his especial
benefit, what I said before, that I am lesponsible
here and elsewhere.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I call the gentleman to
order. I wish to say that in debate such personal
remarks should not be allowed.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama allow me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the point
of order ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The point of or-
der is to exclude all personal remarks, and I hope
it will be enforced.
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend from Alabama
allow me ?
Mr. CLEMENS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope my friend from Alabama
will allow me to say to him that I am sure one or
two of his remarks must have fallen from him
without due deliberation, as I know is the case
with myself often in the heat of debate, and as I
believe is the case with himself on this occasion.
I have been here for some time, and I have had free
and unreserved intercourse with certain noithern
Democrats, whom I esteem,and whom I hope my
friend from Alabama will hereafter have cause to
esteem also. I could mention a great many names
to him whose merits he would recognize at once.
That many friends have fallen off from us in tfys
North is true; but perhaps the South herself has
not always stood by her friendsin theNorth. But
we have very many faithful, tried friends; some
who have fallen victims to fanaticism whilst val-
iantly fighting for southern rights. There are
some in this Chamber who have always stood no-
bly by us, and who manifested even Roman firm-
ness, and will do so yet, I know. And there are
men out of this Chamber, whom I could name—
such men as George M. Dallas, James Buchanan,
Levi Woodbury, and a host of others, good men
and true—for whose fidelity and firrnness 1 would
vouch as soon as I would for any southern man.
The conduct of these high personages is part of the
history of the country; and thinking that, for the
moment, my friend from Alabama was mistaken—
for I cannot believe he intended to do injustice in
making the sweeping remark which, according to
my understanding, would exclude from us the hope
of having any friends north of Mason and Dixon's
line to support and vindicate us when assailed by
our enemies—I venture to make these suggestions
to my friend from Alabama, who, I know, will
take them in good part.
In conclusion, 1 will say that I painfully regret
the whole of this affair, and hope that in a few
minutes something like the pievious good feeling
will be restored among us.
Mr. BUTLER. I heard all that passed, and I
am satisfied that the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields,] when he rose to make the disavowal
which he did, did not intend anything offensive
to the Senator from Alabama, and I say so with-
out having conversed with him.
Mr. SHIELDS. You are right, sir. I intended
to make the explanation which the honorable Sen-
ator fiom South Carolina has made. I agree with
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. King] that all
personalities are, in my estimation, disreputable to
thus body* and I rose with an object, so far from
saying anything offensive, with the express desire
tobausfy the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clemens]
that in giving my vote to lay this resolution on the
table, I did it without any intention whatever to
affect the question of slavery in the South or abo-
lition in the North. I knew of no such intention;
and I now assure that gentleman that 1 had .no
wish to say anything offensive to him or any other
member of this body.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am glad to hear the hon-
orable Senator's statement. I am glad that this
episode is happily ended; and to the honorable
Senator from Mississippi I will take occasion to
say that there is no man in this body for whom I
have a more sincere respect or kinder feelings.
He has, as he has a right to do, presumed on an
acquaintance of long standing end many acts of
kindness extended to me, to set me right, as he
says, in this matter. I may not be right in saying
that the entire body of the northern Democracy
are against us, but 1 am not wrong in saying that
theie is not a Legislature, Democratic or Whig,
north of Mason and Dixon's line, that has not in-
structed its Senators to do what the Legislature of
my State has declared to be a cause for the dissolu-
tion of the Union.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. You are wrong. The
Legislature of my State has never done it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am glad that there are some
of them who have not done so. But there are
representatives here who do not need to be in-
structed. It is true, however, sir, that 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will my friend
allow me to interpose a single remark?
Mr. CLEMENS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I would say, then, and I say it
to him with the more confidence on account of the
high regard I have for him, and the sympathy I
have in his present position. I am myself subject
to the same feelings of excitement, and especially
on this subject. It is a subject on which we all
feel, and feel deeply, and on which we are apt to
speak strongly. But is it well to reopen the wounds
which have already been inflicted in this sectional
strife to the Union? Is it well to point to the
wrong-doings of others, that they may recriminate
on us, and widen the breach which already exists,
and increase the danger which already threatens
us? I ask my friend to calm himself, in order that
his remarks may only be applicable to so much of
this discussion as has a bearing on his position In
connection with this resolution.
Mr. CLEMENS. * I will take the suggestion of
the gentleman from Mississippi, and let the matter
pass. I will say, then, in-relation to the only mat-
ter which should have been discussed, and the only
matter legitimately before the Senate, and the only
matter that I have been anxious to say anything
about, that the adoption of this resolution now is
unnecessary; as the information it seeks is already
obtained in the House of Representatives, and it
is not necessary that it shall be copied over again
and sent to us. My object was to get early in-
formation, and we failed to get it. Upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, no matter from
whatever cause it was made, it was his motion
and his vote which caused its postponement, and
in consequence of that we have failed to get the
information at the time we desired. He says he
made the motion because there were resolutions on
file which he wanted to have adopted, as they could
be without producing discussion; the same state
of the case applies now. There are resolutions
that it was desired to get at this morning for pre-
cisely the same reason. There is the stronger
reason that then the information had not been fur-
