1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection, and
decided the amendment in order-
Mr. EVANS said: Gentlemen having voted on
some propositions in favor of sailors, and having
afterwards voted down''others of a similar kind,
upon the pretence that sailors were entitled to prize
money, I have offered this amendment to test the
sincerity of the arguments which have been ad-
vanced.
Heretofore those of the naval service, who
fought on land at Vera Cruz, have been provided
for; let us see whether you will refuse the gallant
marine and sailor who fought elsewhere with your
land forces against the enemy, th'e same bounty.
Your pretence is, that you wish to provide for
him who fought on land the battles of his country,
or who fought where he could have no benefit of
prize-money. I have provided for all these classes
- in my amendment, and now I wait to see it voted
down by the pretended friends of the soldier, but
who are really the friends only of those soldiers
who live in their own latitude, not of the gallant
soldiers of the whole country; and who, by their
original bill as well as by the affair cooked up in
their caucus, or conclave of Saturday night, ex-
clude every Maryland soldier. Yes, sir, i wait to
see this amendment voted down, which provides
for those gallant sailors and marines who, in the
Tripolitan war, fought the enemy's shore bat-
teries, anchoring close under the hostile guns and
silencing their thunder, where the heroes of the
John Adams, of the Constitution and of the Phil
adelphia, gained unwithering lauieis, and were
the first to humble the arrogant buccaneers of the
Mediterranean.
I wait, sir, to see a provision for these heroes
rejected. These, sir, were the men who first re-
fused tribute to the pirates of the Barbary costst,
when as yet it was paid by all European powers,
and who, not contented with fighting forts with
ships where no prize money was to be had, joined
the land forces under General Eaton, marched
through the deserts of Africa, dethroned one
Prince, and elevated another, and at last gave you
an honorable and a glorious peace. Will you re-
fuse your bounty to these men ?
They had no chance for prize money. They
fought side by side with the land forces. They
are in similar condition precisely with those who,
you say, should leceive the bounty of Govern-
ment, and I mean to test your sincerity with their
cases, and to see how much of this proceeding is
for Buncombe and how much for justice. But,
sir, I know well enough how it is, and I mean by
these amendments thai the record shall show it.
You wish to make it appear that I and other gen-
tlemen are against the soldier, when we are the
friends of the soldier; and you wish to press
through here ill-devised, partial, impetfect,
schemes to reward those whom it suits you to
reward, thrusting out two thirds of the merito-
rious soldiers whom you ought to reward; men,
who, as was the case in my own State, were en-
gaged in lepellmg sudden incursions of the ene-
my and m harassing him, being excluded by
yourcaucus-hatched proposition,—men who were
at all times on the shores of the Chesapeake ready
for service at a minute's warning being cut out by
it, while particular classes who are pretty thickly
settled m certain other parts of the countiyare
included and rewarded. Such conduct, sir, is
partial, and I am for no partial bill. 1 am the
friend of the soldier who defends his country, and
I will do justice to every such soldier, and not to |
a few at the expense of the many, for the benefit
of land-shaiks and speculators.
Mr. CONRAD offered the following amend-
ment;
Be it further enacted, That one tenth of the net proceeds
of the sales of all public lands in Louisiana shall be set
apart to be applied under the directum of the Legislature of
said Suite, to the maintenance of the levees oi embank-
ments, on the banks of the Mississippi river, within the lim-
its of said State.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, made the
point that this amendment was irrelevant.
The .CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and
ruled the amendment out of order,
. The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Hubbard—
Calls for the question.
Mr. CROWELL asked if the amendment had
been printed ? And on the supposition that it had
not, suggested that the committee rise, and defer
action until it could be printed and examined.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, the amendment was
not one which the friends of the bill were in favor
of. *
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing as an amendment to the amendment:
" And there shall be granted to the naval forces of the
United States which served m the Florida war, with the
land forces, eighty acres to each man."
Mr, EVANS said, that gentlemen need not be
impatient to hatch out their chickabiddy, there
was time eneugh when all the amendments had
been offered, for he would inform gentlemen of
one piece of parliamentary law with which, per-
haps, they were not acquainted, and it was that
no committee could rise and report a bill to the
House until all amendments had been offered
which any member desired to present. That was
the law.
And why is it, sir, that gentlemen show such
impatience at having other persons incluaed in
their favorite project besides those fhey have been
pleased to pick out ? Are none others worthy ? or
is it that all the wisdom of bill making is confined
to a few individuals. I shall inform those gentle-
men very emphatically, and very decidedly, that
there are other members who have a right to be
heard beside themselves, and ihat I, for one, mean
to be, and of that they can assure themselves—
they therefore need not send out m such a hurry
to drum up their recruits, for a few more amend-
ments are to be presented, of which this is one.
Now, sir, already by this bill you have provided
for the soldiers who fought in Florida; and this
amendment proposes to grant to the sailors and
marines who were engaged m the Everglades, and
elsewhere in that genmsuib in connection with the
land force, the Same reward that the soldier is to
have.
Side by side, sir, they contended together against
the savage foe; with equal gallantry they fought,
with equal courage they conquered, and with equal
bounty should they be rewarded. In justice you
cannot deny them what you have given to their
comrades; and sir, if there be any truth in the ar-
guments adduced by gentlemen in favor of those
who have fought their country's battles, surely
these men ought not to be forgotten; at any rate,
sir, 1 mean to see how far those arguments are sin-
cere, and 1 will again test it by this proposition, as
I have by others this day. Let us see whether you
will reward all who have acted nobly and fought
bravely, or whether you will select a'few to be the
recipients of your bounty—a bounty, sir, which is
first to be divided among land speculators and
greedy agents, in order that the poor soldier may
be permitted to sit down to the fragments at the
second table.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. VENABLE, who renewed it, and said:
Mr. Chairman, I regret that gentjemen who pro-
fess to be the peculiar friends of this bill, should
think it necessary to denounce those who do not
concur with them in the details; as the enemies of
the bill, as unfriendly to the claims of the worn-
out and dependent soldier. I am aware that a
flourish of trumpets in favor of the soldier's claims
—a touching appeal as to his title to the gratitude
of his country—a display of his wounds, his de-
crepitude and his poverty, pictures drawn from
the fancy of those who declaim about them, have
done much service in advancing those who have
skill in this art, in public favor. But, sir, the
time when such appeals are efficient has well-nigh
.passed; and gentlemen who are so free in de-
nouncing those who are not ready to adopt their
suggestions in the preparation of this hill, will do
well to remember that they voted against my prop-
osition to give the old soldier a choice, either to
take land or money, valuing each acre at sixty-two
and a half cents.
We are gravely told by a gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. McDo.vald] that the hypocritical manceuvre-
ing of gentlemen who, pretending to be friends to
this bill, but seeking to incorporate amendments
which may defeat it, is too thinly covered to b*~
any disguise. What are these Amendments of
which he speaks? Why,sir, tn include revolu-
tionary soldiers and their heiis—to include the gal-
lant marine and sailor, and to give those whose
merits are so superior and whose claims are so
pressing, a choice of land or money. Sir, if those
who wish to extend the benefits of this bill to all
classes of those who have exposed their lives in
the service of the country are its enemies, I ara will-
ing to be classed amongst them. If the gallant
marines and sailors who served in the Florida
war—if those who landed at Vera Cruz under a
shower of shot from the artillery of the Castle are
to be neglected and passed by, I am not willing to
be found amongst those who do it. No, sir, I can-
not appreciate the justice of such a discrimination.
The generous, the brave tar, whose "march is
over the mountain wave," whose "home is o& the
deep," shall never appeal in vain to me for his
protection or his reward. Sir, gentlemen tell us
that they have met here in an old-fashioned Dem-
ocratic caucus on Saturday night and made a sub-
stitute for this bill which they are determined to
pass. A Democratic caucus ought to make pro-
vision for equal distribution of the possessions and
property of the public. Discriminations arfe not
in good taste in a Democratic creed.
if gentlemen think they have the power to pass
this bill, why, we must try our strength, and if
overcome, submit. I cannot conceive of the pro-
priety of providing for living soldiers, and passing
by the children of those who are dead. I cannot
make the calamity of orphanage a pretext for ne-
glect; neither can I understand the process of rea-
soning by which it is ascertained that services on
land are morehonorable than services on the sea. If
gentlemen are sincere in saying that the sailor will
not settle on, and theiefore ought not to have
lands, why do they not require the soldier to
settle on his land? Why should one be author- -
ized to sell his land, and the other denied the priv-
ilege? Why do gentlemen urge a policy which
will bring down the price of land to a few cents
an acre, and thus inflict a deep wrong on those
who have bought the Government lands at the
minimum price of a dollar and a quarter an acre,
or the land warrants of those who served in the
Mexican war, at sixty-two and a half cents an
acr<,? If lands, on account of the great quantity
m the market, become exceedingly low, specula-
tors will monopolize them; and one class of spec-
ulators will be enabled, by the action of this Gov-
ernment, to ruin another. Sir, I will vote for no
bill which does not make a more equal and just
division. Let the actual settler on the public
lands, being an American citizen, who occupies it
for five years, acquire a title to one hundred, and
sixiy acres. Open the domain to all the citizens
of ail the States. Let the lands be peopled. Take
away inducements to monopolize and speculate.
Say to our young men and women, our widows
and their children, who have no land—Come and
occupy the public domain—cultivate it, and make
it your home for five years, and it shall be yours.
This is a noble distribution, because it is a just
one.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of—
Mr. MASON, who renewed it, and said, he
wished to make one remark. Gentlemen seemed
to believe that the friends of the bill were disposed
to use force of some kind to press it through.
All that they wanted was to take a fair vole upon
all the amendments offered; he was willing to sit
here until midnight, if necessary, in acting upon
amendments without debate. But they would
like to finish the bill to-day, because there were
many other bills pressing upon the heels of it,
which ought to be acted upon without delay. He
was forgoing through the business of Congress 
the California bill and all otheis. Let them vote
upon the amendments to this bill without debate.
All they asked of gentlemen was to continue here
a little while; if they chose to perfect this bill, its
frirnds would be obliged to them; if they were
trying, by amendments, to kill it, they would un-
deisiand them.
While they were occupying a great dea! of time
upon other subjects, they ought to spend a little
time for the benefit of these old soldiers. If they
were poor, this grant of land would be worth a great
deal to them; if they were nch,tkis testimonial
of their country's gratitude would be treasured by
them as a jewel during the remnant of their days.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The question as;ain recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Hubbard, as amended on motion of Mr.
McLane.
Pending the question—
On motion of Mr. Van Dyke the committee
rose and reported.
After some conversation with the Speaker, as to
the regular order of business,
