1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
nished to the House of Representatives, but now
it has. I move to lay the resolution on the table,
and I give notice that I will not withdraw tha^ mo-
tion again.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will withdraw it to allow me to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will do so if it is a personal
matter.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is partly personal and
partly political.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I will not withdraw
the motion.
Mr. DICKINSON, I will then appeal to the
Senate, and ask as a favor that it be not laid on
the table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay on
the table, and it was rejected.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have taken no part in
this debate, Mr. President, and 1 regret that it has
arisen, and especially that it has passed beyond its
•own boundaries. In the hour which is usually ap-
propriated to morning business, I was engaged in
attending to my correspondence, which is my cus-
tom, and I therefore paid but little attention to this
•matter. But some things have fallen from hon-
orable Senators during this debate, and especially
from the junior Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
CtEMENs,] which require not only to be notified,
fout to be noticed here and now. Sir, that Sena-
tor, when he.undertakes to characterize the sen-
timents of whole communities, and the opin-
ions of entire bodies of men, comprising a large
majority of the people of this Union, enters
upon the execution of a work which might
well have been left to older, if not to better sol-
diers. In regard to this matter, Mr. President,
though 1 have done no more than others, I think
I may say, without the fear of contradiction, or of
being charged with unnecessary egotism, that I
have stood up to it upon all occasions. I longsince
saw that it was a question fraught with perilous
consequences. I saw that there was an evil spirit
of sectionalism rising both in the North and in the
South, having for its object agitation for sectional
advantages, and I have condemned it secretly and
openly—in thought, word, and deed. I never have
lent myself to such unholy and wicked designs, and
if God gives me that strength which lie has thus far
in mercy extended me, I here declare again, where
it should be declared, that I never will, but that I
will lend my best energies to crush and destroy it.
J have stood here under the sanctions of an official
oath and the requisitions of the Constitution like
Casablanca upon this question, which has so un-
fortunately, to say the least, agitated the country
for the last few years, and here I will stand, even
though immolation he the consequence. Others,
too, of my northern democratic brethren have
shown no less devotion to the Constitution they
have sworn to support. I have stood up, not for
the South, but for the rights of all, as guarantied
by the Constitution. I have disregarded personal
consequence, and have scorned to count the
chances of ephemeral popularity and place. I
have permitted reproach and obloquy to discharge
on me their exhaustless quivers of poisoned ar-
rows, that I might secure the right; and when I
hear myself, and those with whom I have acted,
in rolling back the black and bitter waters of sec-
tional strife, denounced as ynworthy of reliance-
all in one grand mass excommunicated from com-
munion and fellowship with the democratic church
—in a single verse, and told, too, that we are less
to be tolerated than our political opponents, I feel
inclined to repel, in pointed and emphatic phrase,
a denunciation so wholesale and unjust.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call the honorable gentle-
man's attention to the resolutions of the 7th of
January, 1847, the 10th of January, 1848,and to like
resolutions of 1849, of his own State Legislature.
Mr. DICKINSON, i cannot now speak of the
exact import of the resolutions. They were doubt-
less of an anti-slavery character, and similar-to
those passed by other Legislatures, North. It is
well known that I differed with those who passed
them upon the best mode of disposing of the ques-
tion, and this responsibility I will settle with those
who have a right to call me to account, and not
with those who have not. Th^ Legislatures which
passed them have been sometimes considerably di-
vided among themselves. Sometimes they have
passed with great and sometimes with less una-
nimity. The northern sentiment upon the subject
of slavery,is in many respects entirely dissimilar
to those of the South; but when we are told that
there must be a sectional issue raised because of
this, let the voice which so declares come from the
North or from the South, I stand here to repudiate
it. The people of the North regard the question
of slavery as a constitutional guarantee, precisely
as do the people of the South, and as such are
ready to respect it. It is the, political agitators in
both sections who have made all the mischief. Sir,
take a smalt number of men out of the northern
and also out of the southern sections of this Union,
or silence their clamor, and this accursed agitation
could be settled in less than a single week. I am
for maintaining the Union in spirit as well as in
form; and I have deprecated the assaults which I
have seen made upon the Constitution occasionally
in the non-slaveholding States, in the refusal to de-
liver fugitives from service according to a solemn
provision of that instrument. Bnt this, sir, I look
upon as a matter which must be reformed at home,
as it will be by a sound and healthy public opin-
ion, when it shall set a just estimate upon the in-
terference of political agitators, and condemn a
morality that is purer than the fundamental law. I
desiie to preseive in all its vigor the glorious inher-
itance which our fathers gave us; to see the South
secure in the full possession and enjoymentof their
constitutional rights. I have stood by them when I
thought them right, regardless of peril, and will
now aid in shielding them from unjust and improper
aggressions upon their institutions. In this struggle
numerically they are the weaker party, and when I
have seen them unjustly assaulted and assailed, my
sympathies have been with them; and I have ex-
posed and denounced not only the sectional agita-
tors, but have warned those against excitement
whose views and intentions are just, but who have
been provoked to retaliation by just such wholesale
sectional assaults as are now heaped upon the
North by the Senator from Alabama. Sir, trimi-
nation begets recrimination; and although men
may put on the garb of philosophy for an occa-,
sion, they are yet liable to be betrayed by impulse
and excitement; and when they hear distinguished
southern men day after day making sectional ap-
peals, grouping all together ar.d condemning all m
gross, without stint or exception, they in their
turn will make other declarations, and thus the
work goes on. One sectional agitator begets
another—a blow given brings a blow in return,
and thus sectional agitation makes the meat it feeds
on. I have already said I regretted that this sub-
ject has been introduced. Allow me to say, that
I do not regret that it is about to reach its culmi-
nating point. I care not how soon this may be
the case. I believe that the great mass of the peo-
ple of the South are honest, just, and generous, and
that all they desire is to remain secure in the pos-
session of their rights. I believe too, sir, that the
great mass of the people of the North are equally
just and equally generous, and true to the Consti-
tution, and that they too desire nothing more than
what they deem to be their rights, and the rights
of the whole people, and best calculated to advance
the honor of the Confederacy and the interest and
happiness of mankind. When reviled I will not
revile again. I will by no means repudiate the
southern Democracy. They have too often proved
themselves worthy of the name they bear. Nor,
sir, upon the question of this Union, much and
radically as I differ with them upon other questions,
will I repudiate the patriotic among our opponents.
Thisquestion shoots too deep and stretches too high
to be measured by political parties, and when the
day of trial comes, if come it does, every patriotic
man will breast himself for the shock, and sectional
agitators will be foiled. The Constitution throws
its broad tegis over this mighty Republic; and its
people worship at its shrine with more than an
Eastern devotion. They have contemplated the
priceless value of the Union. They have thought
of the blood and tears by which it was purchased.
They see the proud vessel bearing majestically on-
ward , and they exclaim in the language of the poet:
" Thou, too, sail on, O ship of State!
Sail mi, O Union, strong and great!
Humanity witii all its fears,
With ail the hope of future years.
Is hanging breathless on thy fate;
We know what master laid tliy keel,
What workmen wrought thy ribs of sieeS;
Who made each mast, and sail, and rope,
What anvils rang, what hammers beat,
In what a forge and what a heat
Were shaped the anchors of thy hope."
They will cheer on this noble ship; they will
stand by this Constitution; they will adhere to this
Union; and, although the northern people are op-
posed to the institution of slavery, the great mass
of them have no intention or disposition to trench
improperly upon the constitutional rights of the
South; and this they will prove, should the occa-
sion-arise, even though they should sell their lives
in her defence. Sir, if it should come to the worst,
as it never will, so firmly are the northern people •
devoted to the Constitution, that if armed incendi-
arism, foreign or domestic, should push her mad
crusade against the South, and she be placed in
peril, I am free to declare, for one, and so I believe
would every patriotic man of the free States who
had a sword to draw, draw it in defence of their
southern brethren, and of the rights guarantied to
them by a common compact, and stand by them to
the death. [Applause.] But, sir, they will only
stand by her when she is right; and so long as she
is so, no swords will be called into requisition, ex-
cept against a foreign and a common foe.- The
very heat, natural and artificial, to which sectional
agitation has attained, will work its own cure. It
will burn itself out. Northern agitators and south-
ern agitators will find themselves side by side in
their errand of mutual mischief. And the great
mass of the American people will look upon this
Union as it is, and upon southern rights and north-
ern rights as they are, and will stand by them and
protect them.
These territorial questions, this District of Co-
lumbia question, this question of jurisdiction in
forts and dock-yards, arsenals, and navy-yards,
and so forth; are mostly questions temporary in -
their character; and together with the question of
fugitives from service would be soon settled by the
good sense of-the light-minded, were it not for the
wholesale denunciations of men grouped together
in whole communities and Stales, on one hand de-
nouncing the Korth, the North, the North; and on
the other hand the South, the South, the South.
This provokes the greater part of this struggle; and
I would suggest whether it would notbe more wise
if gentlemen would exercise a little forbearance,
always remembering the saying, 11 let him that is
without sin cast the first stone." I am willing to
admit that the great mass ef our southern friends
treat this question as it should be treated; and I
am pleased to see them stand up boldly as they
do for their rightof being let alone. I am gratified to
hear them, in a proper spirit, stand by their insti-
tutions and defend them; for it serves to show,
what some seem practically to forget, that this
Confederacy is a sisterhood of free and,independ-
ent States associated for a few common purposes,
and not a consolidated Federal Government. The
North and the South stand together upon one great
constitutional platform, and neither has a right to
claim superiority over the other. The people of
the South have'institutions that are sensitive and
that can be endangered by agitation in the North,
and in opposing such agitation I have been will-
in"- to throw myself into the breach to turn it
asTde; I have attempted to call the attention of the
northern people—nay, of the whole American peo-
ple—to the danger of agitating this question; and
I would say in all kindness to my friend from
Alabama that he gives more food in one speech for
the nourishment of the Abolition movement than
all the Garrisons, Wendell Phillipses, and AJoby
Folsoms, and all the speeches of all the " Free
Soil" agitators and abolition demagogues put to-
gether. He .does more to provoke assaults
upon the institutions of the South than^ aH that
abolitionism has ever been able to accomplish in the
hour of its most fiendish triumphs. I beg of that
honorable Senator when he has anything to say
hereafter—unless he is impelled by a strong sense
of duty—that he will not attempt to fome# and
carry on this sectional agitation, lo w t enu
and to whose good will result the dissolution of
this Union, from the contemplation of which every
patriotic mind instinctively recoils with horror .
I sing no hosannas to a Union without a consti-
tution. 1 admit that when the life and spin, have
departed, the frame-work will be valueless and will
tumble to decay. But the spirit has not yet de-
parted—the life is not yet gone. It is true it has
received many assaults, but it is capable ofrecc.v-
imr and sustaining many more. Let those who
are disposed to indulge in agitation ask for the
rio-hts guarantied by the Constitution only; but
when they ask for these, let them not ask for what
