184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
the Constitution does not guaranty. Let them not
provoke assaults themselves, while decrying the
assaults they invite.
The honorable Senator from Alabama repudiates
and casts off the northern Democracy. They will,
however, do no such thing with him. They will
retain him in full membership, but endeavor to
teach him some instructive and useful lessons. And
upon this subject of reading out the entire Democ-
racy of fifteen State? of this Union, they will re-
quest my young friend from Alabama to tarry a
while at Jericho until his beard shall have grown.
[Laughter.] I greatly admired parts of a speech
which that honorable Senator delivered here a few
days since. He therein depicted the position of
the South in glowing and eloquent terms, and in a
manner which was well calculated to call the atten-
tion of the American people to this question. And
if we could at all times keep in view the high des-
tiny of this "nation, and the high duties of those
clothed with power,—rif the Ameiican people would
set their seal upon political hobby-riding for a
miserable party advantage upon questions of this
import,—there would be no trouble; ornone which
did not exist at the time of the original formation
of this Government. This question of slavery was
one of difficulty then; and the same spirit of patri-
otism which rose above it then,.the same principles
of compromise which led to the formation of the
Constitution, must preserve it. The Democracy
of the North are not, and cannot be made, a mere
sectional party. Our Government, in one sense,
exists in the organizotion of national political par-
ties; we have nothing separated from politics. If
you make a sectional party in the North, you will
by the same act make a sectional party in the
South. If you thus divide the Democratic party
you will also divide the Whig party; and when
you divide these parties into sectional portions,
the result will prove that you might as well put an
end to the Constitution and the Union.
I have spoken only because I felt assured that
the remarks of the Senator had a direct tendency
to create and foster sectionalism, and to produce,
"what we all deprecate, a division of political par-
ties by a sectional line—the formation of provis-
ional sectional governments, and then a dissolu-
tion of the Union. Sir, this Union can never be
dissolved, if representatives in Congress will only
do their duty. If they will abide by the princi-
ples which their fathers taught them; if they will
treat each other with kindness, and courtesy, and
conciliation ; if they will bear and forbear, and be
as firm and as true as the masses of the people,
all will go well, and this Republic will be able to
outride the dark lowering storms which threaten
its existence.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have heard the question
raised several times during this debate, whether
the call of the House of Representatives had been
answered, and I have heard it denied that it had
been. I got a member of the House to ask the
Speaker whether it had been answered, and the
Speaker replied that he was not aware that any
answer had been received. I hope, therefore, as
it obviates the whole necessity of laying this res-
olution on the table, that there will be no further
objection to its adoption.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 am very sorry for the direc-
tion that this debate has taken. I am sorry for
the position taken, and the feelings which have
been excited; and, as a member of this body from
the South, entertaining very different sentiments
from the honorable Senator from 'Alabama, who
has just addressed the Senate on this subject, I
feel it my duty to disclaim the opinions he has ex-
pressed in relation to it. 1 do not, Mr. President,
understand that when the Senator from Illinois,
some days ago moved to 4ay this resolution upon
the tilble, it was with any intention to defeat it, or
screerf*the Administration from this investigation,
on account of its connection with the subject of
slavery. I take this occasion to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, that 1 have known the Senator and acted
with him for some time here. I have always
found him, and I believe that I shall always find
him hereafter, straightforward and direct. He
says what he means, and does what he says; and
when he declares to the whole Senate here that he
made the motion, not for the purpose of defeating
the resolution, but with the object of getting up
some other resolution, I believe the South will be-
lieve it, and will consider it a motion and a vote,
not with reference to constitutional questions and
rights, but with reference to a temporary conve-
nience only.
If, then, any of the southern members here, or
southern" men elsewhere, are disposed to turn out
: of the democratic party all of that branch of the
party residing at the North, I am not one, sir, and
do not wish to be so understood. I do not believe,
Mr. President, that they are against us. I think
that their whole history has shown that they are
not unfriendly to us, but that, on the contrary, the
most useful and efficient exertions have been made
in our behalf by them.-
I believe, Mr. President, that this question is to
be settled, and settled without commotion and with-
out disunion, and whoever agitates this subject the
more by 
Mr. CLEMENS, (interposing.) I rise to say
that it is unfair to continue this discussion, and
! comment upon my remarks when I was stopped
in the midst of them, at the suggestion of an hon-
orable Senator.
Mr. DICKINSON. I did notstop the Senator.
Mr. CLEMENS. I refer to the Senator from
Mississippi, whu requested that I would suspend
the remaiks which I had commenced to make.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator is
right. I interrupted the Senator just at the point
when he was going into the proofs to show how
far the Democracy of the North is infected with
the spirit of abolitionism. What his conclusion
would have been, therefore, he has a perfect right
to say that no one can know. What proofs he
intended to submit, it is impossible for any one to
say. I trust, therefore, that advantage will not be
taken, to comment upon the few remarks that the
honorable Senator did submit in part, as he was
induced to give way at that point for the very whole-
some purpose of stopping an agitation which might
lead to still more disagreeable consequences.
I am one of those who have seen northern Dem-
ocrats' stand firm under the most trying circum-
j stances; and I admired them the more for the
danger which I believe they encountered in their
advocacy of our rights. The Senator from New
York [Mr Dickinson] has come out more boldly
to-day in the expression of his opinions than ever
before; and I venture to affirm, that never was he
so poorly sustained at home as in the present crisis.
I admire him the more that his courage rises the
higher, the greater the danger which surrounds
him. He expresses hopes which I trust will be
fulfilled. I trust that the dangers which now
threaten will be removed, and that the further dis-
cussion of this question will prove that he is not
alone upon this floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (interposing.)
Does the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs]
yield the floor ?
Mr. DOWNS. For explanation.
Mr. DAVIS resumed. The Senator from New
York has not been alone. Other Senators have
been ready to sustain the Constitution, though
they may have been against the institution in the
abstract. They have frequently taken occasion to
avow that although, as an abstract opinion, they
were opposed to slavery, yet, in their legislative
action, they were ready to stand by the Constitu-
tion. Nor is this confined entirely to our own
i party. Who does not remember the response of
! the Senator from Vermont, upon the discussion of
the compromise bill, and how boldly he sustained
the Constitution, notwithstanding the differences
of his own private opinion ? I must repeat, that
it is my conviction that any remarks bringing out
again the controversy in which the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clemens] was arrested cannot be
otherwise than injurious.
Mr. DOWNS. I only wish to say a word, sir.
I did not intend, in rising, to analyze the extent to
which the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clemens]
went. But what he says here will go abroad.
What I wish to say, and what I will now say, is,
that what he has avowed does not agree with my
opinion. I no not approve of his assertion, and I
thought it proper and necessary that some mem-
ber of the party from the South should seize on
this occasion to say this much on that point. I
am very glad that the Senator from Alabama did
not proceed with his argument; still, he proceeded
far enough to attract attention on this point, and
to lead to the impression thatother members of the
South and other citizens of the South might be
disposed to go as for as he did. It was to disclaim
that, and for nothing more, that I took the floor.
It was not for the purpose of debating this subject,
which I should not wish to do, after the excite-
ment here; but'especially after the explanation of
the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] who tells us that the statement of the recep-
tion of a reply by the House of Representatives is
a mistake altogether; and how itgot here, I do pot
know. I wish to say I think we ought now, b-y
common consent, to endeavor to pour oil upon the
troubled waters. I hope the proposition will be
adopted, [several Senators: "Agreed,"] and es-
pecially that there will not be a single southern
State which will vote against it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I can explain, sir, how this
matter got here. It was stated by members of the
House of Representatives, and also by other Sen-
ators tome, that the answer to these resolutions
was received in the-House. This is the fact. The
answer is there; but it has not been opened. The
Speaker could not have read it; and therefore he
answered that he did not know the fact. The an-
swer, however, is there.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the Senator allow me to
state, that all the information I have received, I
have received from the Senator from Illinois. I
have, however, no doubt of its accuracy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The answer of the Speaker,
as I understood it, was, that he knew not of any
answer having been received.
Mr. CLEMENS. The answer is there, but it
has not yet been opened. I would say, however,
that if it is not likely to be reached soon, I will
take another course. I will be perfectly willing
that this resolution should be adopted rfere, and
that we should have the answer where we can
reach it.
And now, sir, I have one other matter to which
I would advert in relation to myself. In relation
to what I said in reference to the northern Democ-
racy, I hold myself prepared to prove that we^can-
not at any time rely on anybody at the North. I
do not mean to say that there are not here and
there in different States individuals who are willing
to go with us; but I hold myself prepared to prove
that we cannot rely upon either party. 1 hold
myself prepared to prove that what the Senator
from New Hampshire said is true—that both par-
ties have been bragging for abolition votes, and
the question now is, which will go the furthest?
I hold myself prepared to prove this, and in all
probability I shall prove it before the close of the
session.
I think, sir, the Senator from New York is per-
fectly right. He complains of my age 
Mr. DICKINSON. Only officially.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, I will make no such
complaint with regard to him; butl would observe
that the Legislature of the State which he repre-
sents have for three successive sessions adopted
| resolutions against the institution of slavery. I
know that he is sound, and that one or two others
here are sound on this question. I know there
are men scattered through the entire North who
are with us, but their Legislatures are against us;
their people are against us; and so far as thatgoesi.
I maintain that it is true, and I am ready to prove
it. The Senator from Louisiana will not dispute
it, for it is a fact as notorious to him as to 'me. I
do not mean to say that there are not some Senators
who are sound on this question. I believe the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] is;
and I believe the Senator from Pennsylvania, over
there [Mr. Sturgeon] is; at least J have seen no
disposition on his part to trench on the rights of the
South; but that does not make the people they rep-
resent sound. We know that they are not sound
on the question. Now, sir, I shall do what some
of my friends have suggested I should do, and that
is, to make an apology to the Senator from Illinois.
1 am told that my manner towards him was too
much excited,and I think it was. I am sorry I
should have said anything of that character when
his intentions were not in the least offensive. Iam
persuaded that I ought to have met his advances
with more cordiality at the time. I regret that
anything of the sort should have occurred; and I.
will make him one of the promises of the Senator
from Mississippi, when he promises not to speak
so much. [Laughter.] I promise that I will en-
deavor to keep my temper.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish now to call the atten-
tion of the junior Senator from Alabama, in a
spirit of kinuness, to the fact that, under his ex-
citement, he charged me very boldly with haying
