1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
United States, by permission of the Government
of the United States. If that i3 the case, I ask if
the Senate are prepared to give individuals a pre-
emption right to valuable property on which they
have settled under permissions recently obtained
from the Government? If they are not prepared
to do that, they cannot vote for the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Michigan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object to the consideration of the amendment?
Mr. KING 1 did 'not intend to interpose a
veto upon the amendment. I shall not object to
it, if it be the pleasure of the Senate so to amend
the bill. It is, however, a very unusual course to
propose any material amendment after the third
reading of a bill. But as a material amendment
has here been offered, I think the best course
would be to recommit the bill, in order that we
may have an opportunity of examining it.
Several Senators. Move a recommitment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Ptesident, I think
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan too
important to acton immediately. I think it best
that the whole mutter should he on the table that
the amendment may be printed.
I think there is a great deal of force in the ob-
servations of the Senator from Alabama against
granting preemption rights to individuals who have
recently, by permission of the Government, set-
tled on lands worth perhaps ten or twelve dollars
per acre. 1 move io lay the whole matter on the
table fur the present.
Several Senators. Let the bill be recommitted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I will withdraw
my motion.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, the regular
mode of proceeding would be to recommit the bill.
It is now on its passage. If it be ordered to lie
on the table, whenever it shall be called up, it will
be in the same condition as it i3 now. It cannot
be amended but by unanimous consent. It is quae
uncommon to have so very large a class of amend-
ments offered to a bill at its last stage, when, if
one objection be made, an amendment cannot be
received. With the consent of the persons inter-
ested, I would move that the bill be recommitted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill was reported from
the Committee on Territories. I have doubts,
however, as to the propriety of recommitting it to
that committee, if it is to be recommitted, let it
be to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 will move, then, to re-
commit the matter to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
have heard no explanation given yet to show why
this reserve is not wanted for military purposes.
If it be not wanted for military purposes, then we
might consider what ought-to be done with it.
Then 1 should be in favor of instructing ^the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to bring in a bill for the
sale of these lands at public auction.
This is not a case of preemption grants. We
grant preemption rights io the pioneers ot the for-
est, to enable them to bring lands into market by
settling upon them. ThU is a case of a man set-
tling under the protection of the American garrison,
who derived, from the presence o# that garrison,
benefit which fully countervailed whatever ex-
penses he might have incurred. The case does
riot come wuhin the principle upon which we
grant preemption rights at all. The buildings of the
garrison were erected at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. These individuals should not have any
preemption rights at all. According to the Sena-
tor from Michigan, these persons have been settled
about the fur company at the mouth of the St.
Peter's river. Then they are amply protected,
and need no preemption right. There seems to
me to be no case calling for the grant of preemp-
tion rights. .
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I merely wish
to make one remark in answer to a statement of
my friend from Alabama, lie asked me a ques-
tion in relation to the operation of my amendment.
I answered him by saying that the amendment
brings the individuals to whom he refers within
the provisions of the law of 1841. That law re-
quires a certain length of time, a certain amount
of improvement and cultivation, before its benefit
is received. The rights of these persons, if this
amendment prevail, would depend on the 1 w of
1841, and on no other question that could be
raised.-
1 have no objection to the recommitment of this
bill to the Committee on Territories or to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. This bill was origi-
nally reported from the Committee on Territories,
' and perhaps that would be the more appropriate
committee.
Mr DOUGLAS. I think the more appropriate :
committee would be the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The question being taken on the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands, it was agreed to.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR OF THE SENATE.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the following resolution,
reported by the committee appointed to inquire
into the propriety of amending the 47th rule o! the
Senate, relating io admission to the floor:
" Blank tiekets?, i qmil to the number of the Senators for
the tune beuifj, shall be prepari d, and one tnket may be
i^ued under the direction ot' the Vice President, by !-uch
officer as ho may designate, to each Senator at jus request,
on winch ticket his name shall be endorsed, arid which
ticket shall entitle the person to whom it may be delivered
to admission on the floor ot the Senate-"
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FOOTS. I call the attention of Senators
to this resolution, it is one of great importance.
Mr. HALE. I will state briefly the object of the
committee in making this report, and I will mention
that it was made unanimously. It is manifest
that there are a great many persons who obtain
admission to the floor who are not entitled to it
under the rules. Some Senators are fastidious and
will not admit any, but others put a different con-
struction on the rule, and admit as many as they
please. The cpmmittee thought that while we
have rules they should be observed, and that
every Senator should have the same privilege of
admitting to the floor. No better plan presented
itself to the committee for remedying this evil than
the one reported. Vach Senator is to be entitled
to one ticket daily, admitting one person; the tick-
ets to be prepmed and placed in the hands of such
officer as Mr Vice President shall djrect;and when
that ticket has performed its duty, the^Senator's
privilege of admission is over. This plan is not
liable to the objection urged by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Atchison] the other day, that a
Senator could not oblige moie than one friend on
one day, because the ticket is good for the whole
day, and will admit one fuend for a part of the
day and another for another part.
Mr. BADGER. I think that something ought
to be done upon this subject, but I am not satis-
fied with the plan reported by the committee, and
i would suggest that the resolution should lie over
till to-morrow, that we may have time to consider
what amendment had better be madts to it. 1
move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope not. This matter has
been long under consideration, and has been re-
peatedly discussed. The committee examined
the subject in all its bearings, and came unani-
mously to the conclusion embodied in this resolu-
tion. 1 do hope it will be adopted at once. There
is a very attractive debate now in progress, and 1
trust we shall give those of our fellow-citizens
who may wish to heat it, an opportunity of being
present without further delay. I understand the
resolution is so worded as so enable Senators io
exercise some discumination not only with regard
to the individuals they will introduce, but also
with regard to sex. The word 44 person" is used,
not " gentleman." 1 hope, under all the circum-
stances, the Senator from North Carolina will
withdraw his motion and allow us to act on the
report at once.
Mr. BADGER. I am very far from being sat-
isfied with the plan, and 1 shall therefore press
my motion.
Mr. KING. It is scarcely worth while for me
to say that 1 am opposed to the adoption of this
resolution. Everybody admits the inconvenience
of having our Chamber crowded, and everybody
admits that that inconvenience ought to be reme-
died. Some time ago we appointed a committee to
i inquire into this subject, and the result was that ad-
I mission under the rules was confined 'to a certain
I class of individuals, who, together with the mem-
j bers of the House of Representatives who want
to come here occasionally to listen to our debates,
would be as many as our room can well accomo-
date. For a time the rule was rigidly enforced,
and was found to work well, but after a while
people began to flock in upon us, and it becomes
necessary to have the rule again adhered to. It
has been enforced, and I think we getalong agreat
deal better now. I have no desire to have a ticket,
i know very well that so far from giving satisfac-
tion to my friends when they come here, I shall
have to disappoint a dozen when I gratify one. f
should much prefer that the Vice President be
authorized to admit a limited number of persons
daily, and I hope the resolution will be so amend-
ed. I hope you will not force upon me a ticket
which 1 do not wish for, and which I cannot use
without trouble and annoyance.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the resolution pro-
poses, I believe, to provide for persons coming
into the Senate. I should much prefer it if it pro-
vided,some mode of getting out of the Senate, to
go home. I shall vote for it however, with great
pleasure. But the time of day has come for pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the special order,
and I therefore move to lay the resolution on the
table.
The resolution was then laid on the table.
THE COMPROMISE 3ILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the admission of California as a
State into the Union, to establish territorial gov-
ernments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment of her
western and northern boundaries.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention to
offer the following amendment when an opportu-
nity should present itsjlf; and on his motion, it
was ordered to be printed.
Amend the first section by adding the follow-
ing:
" And Congress doth hereby consent that new State®, not
exceedi(lit two in number, in addition to the said Stale of
Calnornia, and having Mifhcient population, mav hereafter,
by the consent of said Siat , be formed out ot the territory
thereof, which sdiall be leeeived into the Union on :tn equal
fooling with the original States m all re-p jets whatever,
w nh Mich constitution as the people of each tUftle asking
admission shall adopt: Proviled, (hat no ptovision tl en>ot
.-hall he repugnant to the Constitution of the United Stales;
mid one of said m w States, to be called the State ol Sacta-
rnento, shall be foimed north of a hoe to be drawn fiom a
point wjiere the 39th paiallel of latitude intersects the east-
ern bound iry of said Stale to the head of ihe Suisun Bay,
midday between the mouths of the livers San Joaquin and
Sacramento, thence through the centre ol said bay, the
straits of Karzuines, and the bays of San Pailo and San
Francisco to the octan ; and the oiher of said new Stales,
to be oalled the State ot Colorado, shall be formed south ol'
a line fjotn a point « here Uie 117th degree of we.-t longitude
intersects the northeastern boundary of said State >o the
junction of the Sieira Nevada with the coast range of njoun
tains, thence due west to the ocean "
Mr. SOULE. I now move the amendment
which I had the honor to lay on the tabJe the other
day, and ask that it may be read by the Secretary.
The amendment was then read as follows:
After the word " Government," in the litie of
the bill, insert the words u South California,"
and strike out the first, second, and third sections
of the bill, and insert the following:
" Be it enacted, That as soon as California shall have
passed in c nvention an otdiri.tnce providing—
'■ That she relinquishes all utfe or claim to tax, dispose of,
or in any way to interfere with the primary disposal by the
United Slates of the public d anain within her limits;
"That she will not interpose her authority And power so
as to disturb or impede any control which the Unite t States
may deem advisable to exercise over such district- in the
tinning regions, eitlipr now discovt;ied or to be diseyveittl
hereafter, as may be included in any lawful giant made to
puvate individuals or to corporations pnwr to the cession of
California to the United Elates;
Ck That the land- ot the non-residents shall never be taxed
hi^hei than tho-e of lesulents;
'• That the navigable water** shall be open and free to all
citizens of ihe Umt«jd Sitt<* , those of California included ;
'• T.iat ihe southt-rn hunts shall* be restricted to the Mis-
souri compromise hue, (3o° 30' north latitude;)
" And a> soon as sfie shall have produced to the President
of the United States satisfactory and autnenuc evtd
that the terms here set forth have been hilly and exactly
complied with, the Presidtnt of the Uuitf d Scales be and he
is hereby authorized and requested, without any further ac-
tion on the pail ol Cougiess, to issue his proeia-iiationjde.
clarinu that California is, and that she shall theteupon be
admitted into the Union upflu an equal looting with the
original Elates in all r^speeu whatsoever.
« Sec. 2. Be it cwict&l, $*e., That such portion of the rev-
enue collected in the ports of C thfbrniaas may remain un-
expended at the time of the issuing of the President's
proclamation as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the said
Suae ot California*
"Sec. 3. Be it enacted, That the Senators and Repre-
sentatives elect now bpiore Congress tur the said State of
California shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive the
mileage and the per da-m pay allowed to the Delegate from
the Territory of Oregon, lrom the day that the message of
the President transmitting the constitution of California
was received by Congress.
