1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
been opposed to the adoption of this resolution be-
fore it had been answered in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and that [ had only been in favor of it
when it was foftnd that the information sought to
be obtained by this resolution had been acquired.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 did not make any such
charge. What I said was, that such a supposition
was fairly deducible from the course which the
Senator from Illinois had pursued.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am glad to hear the expla-
nation of the Senator, and to find that the deduc-
tion was unfounded. I will merely now call atten-
tion to the fact that the answer has not been re-
ceived; that we are not officially aware that there
is yet any answer, or, if there be, whether it is
satisfactory or not, as the seal has not yet been
broken. I wish to call attention to the fact that I
have been charged with a knowledge of this an-
swer, or at least that this inference has been drawn;
and I would ask whether it was not due that that
should be disavowed, as I have freely and frankly
disavowed everything that was considered offen-
sive.
Mr. CLEMENS. I meant nothing offensive to
the Senator. I made no charge. I simply stated
that it was deducible. I did not mean to make the
charge before, and 1 do not make it now.
Mr. DOUGLAS, t am much gratified at the
declaration of the Senator from Alabama. I do
not believe the Senator said what he did in any
unkindness to me, or with any disposition to get
up a controversy, but that it was more by accident
than otherwise. I hope, therefore, the subject
will be dropped.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Neither the state of my
health, nor my inclination, prompt me to prolong
this discussion. I am sorry it has been carried to
such a length, and I hope this resolution will not
again be laid upon ^the table. I hope it will be
adopted, and that the yeas and nays will be called
for. I voted before to lay it on the table for the
same reason that induced the Senator from Illinois
to move to lay it there. I am satisfied that many
northern Senators voted for the same motion un-
der the same motive, and I think it is but fair that
we should have an opportunity of placing our-
selves right on the record. I ask, therefore, for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey to strike out.
Mr. MILLER. 1 made that motion because I
thought the latter clause of the inquiry/wenCfur-
ther than there was any necessity for in aid of the
proceedings of this body. It asks the ground of
the expression of the opinion of the President why
he thought New Mexico was seeking to be admit-
ted into the Union. As I understand it, a resolu-
tion similar to this has passed the other House, and
an answer has been given to it. I will not, there-
fore, delay the Senate with the consideration of
thatamendment. It is altogether unimportant that
this"amendment should be made, and I withdraw
it.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive as follows:
YE <YS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bright, Butlci, Chase, Clarke, Clemens,
Cooper. Corwin. Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ot Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Douglas, Downs, Felcil, Foot, Gieene, Hamlin,
Houston, Hullter, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Noiris, Pearct* Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Smith, So«ld, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Up-
ham, Walker, and Whucomb—48.
HAYS—Messrs. Bell, Dayton, and Underwood—J.
So the resolution was adopted.
On the motion of Mr. FOOTE, it was ordered
that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Mondoy next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 18,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALIFORNIA—EXECUTIVE COMMUNICA-
TIONS, ETC.
Mr INGE rose and said, that he understood
there was on the Speaker's table a communication
from the President of the United States in answer
to a resolution which had heretofore been adopted
by the House on the motion of the gentleman
from North-Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] He (Mr.
I.) hoped that the House would accept the sugges-
tion he was about to make, that the communica-
tion be presented to the House, and be laid upon
the table without debate, so that it might be printed.
The SPEAKER said, he would" state in reply
to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] that
there were on the Speaker's table two communi-
cations from the President of the United States,
the character of which was not known to the
Chair. One of these communications (the Speaker
was understood to say) had been only partially
opened—the other not at all.
The Speaker then stated the question to be on
according to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Inge] unanimous consent to make his motion, to
wit: that the two messages be read, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed without debate.
And tfie Speaker inquired whether any objection
was made. He understood there was none.
The House (the Speaker added, after a pause)
decides, by unanimous consent, that the two
messsage shall be laid before the House, read, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed, without
debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN rose and objected. He de-
sired, he said, that the messages should be laid he-
fore the House, be read, and printed; but he took
it for granted that the House could not decide un-
til the contents of the papers had been made
known, whether they should be debated or not,
and the House might desire that these papers
should be referred to a committee.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and un-
less unanimous consent is given, the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Inge] cannot make his mo-
tion.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that further ac-
tion on the order of the House (relating to the
election of officers) be postponed, that these mes-
sages miffht be laid before the House.
The SPEAKER said, that if the execution of
the order was postponed, the messages must still
come up only in the regular order of business.
The first in the order of business would be the
call of the committees for reports during the
morning hour. After the expiration of the morn- j
ing hour, a motion to proceed to the business on ;
the Speaker's table would bring up Executive
communications a3 first in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING, was understood to say
ij that the object of getting at these messages would,
ij on reference to the proceedings in another branch
II of the Capitol yesterday, be seen to be such as to
justify the postponement of the order, that they
might be printed and laid before the public. He
moved, therefore, that the regular order of busi-
ness be postponed. «
The SPEAKER inquired for what length of
time the gentleman proposed to postpone.
Mr. KING replied until these messages had been
disposed of.
Mr. RICHARDSON suggested until to-mor-
row.
Mr. KING said: Well, he would adopt the sug-
gestion, or any other which would accomplish the
object.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion to postpone the execution of the
order until to-morrow.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he wished it to be un-
derstood that he had no objection to the messages
being laid before the House. He desired that they
should be. All he objected to was that portion of
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Inge,] which proposed that the papers should be
ordered to be laid on the table, and printed, without
debate. The House might desire to debate the
messages, or to refer them; and these questions it
would be proper to decide when these papers were j
before them.
Mr. PECK rose, to put an inquiry to the Chair
in relation the effect, if the motion to postpone
should prevail. If the order was postponed, could
other matters, which had precedence over these
messages, be postponed without a vote of the
House.
The SPEAKER. If the execution of the order
is postponed, it will be necessary for the House,
except under unanimous consent, to proceed with
the business in the order prescribed by the rules.
The first business, as the Chair has already stated,
will be the call of the committees for reports du-
ring one hour. After the expiration of one hour,
a motion would be in order to proceed to business
on the Speaker's"table.
Mr. INGE suggested to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. King] that he could not attain
the object he had view by the motion he had
made. It was, therefore, unnecessary to persist
in it.
Mr. KING said that, as he understood, after
one hour had been given to reports, the House could
receive the messages. But he also suggested- that
a motion to suspend the order of business would
be in order, and that a majority could effect that
object.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to suspend
the rules would not be in order to-day. The Chair
thought that the question«could not be reached in
the manner proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. King.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to inquire
of the Speaker, whether, if the order was post-
poned, if the orders of the day wer.e called for,
after the expiration of one hour, these messages
would not be first in the order of business?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to postpone further
action on the order of the House relating to the
election of officers, until Monday next.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion of Mr. King, to postpone further action on
the order until to-morrow.
Mr. SEDDON rose to make an inquiry of the
Chair. If the order should be postponed, would
not the first business in order be the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,} upon which
the previous question had been called?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative. The
resolution to which the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] referred, belonged to an order of
business which came up on alternate Mondays,
and would not be in order until the Monday on
which resolutions were in order.
. The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. "King.
The SPEAKER said, that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. KING called for a division,
Mr. POTTER suggested that the difficulty
might be obviated, if, by general consent, the mes-
sages should belaid before the House and read;
and that they should then be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing—which committee, under the
rules of the House, had power to report at any
time.
The SPEAKER said, that only questions rela-
ting to the printing of extra copies were referred
to that committee.
Mr. POTTER said, the object of the motion was
this: the committee could report at any time, when
the other business not negularly before the House
would be in order.
The SPEAKER said, the difficulty arose from the
objection interposed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cungman.] That gentleman had
no objection to the reading of the message, but he
objected to their being laid upon the table, and
printed, without opportunity of debate.
Mr. INGE said he thought perhaps he could
obviate that objection; and, to test the sense of
the House, he would ask that the messages might
lie presented and read without qualification. The
House could then take such order as it might
think proper.
Mr. KING said that it was a matter of indiffer-
ence to him how the object might be accomplished,
if it only was accomplished. He, therefore, waived
his motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Inge] asks that, by unanimous consent,
the messages may be hiid.before the House.
Objection was made.
Mr. KING then renewed his*motion to post-
pone, and hoped, he said, that the House would
agree to it.
The question was taken on the affirmative side,
and the Speaker said that there was evidently a
majority down.
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired, he
said, to make one remark.
The SPEAKER. The House is dividing. No
remarks are now in order.
Tellers were then ordered,and Messrs. bciiENCic
and Thompson of Mississippi were appointed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, then pro-
