1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25.
"Sfc.c.4. Be it enacted, <$*c., That the country lying be-
tween the 30° 30' of north latitude, and the boundary line
between Mexico and the United States established by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and extending from the Pacific
to the Sierra Nevada, shall constitute a Territoiy under the
name of the Territory of South California, and shall be
organised as such under the provisions of this bill applying
to the Territory of Utah, (changing names where they ought
to bo changed,") in all regppeu whatsoever, and shall, when
ready, able, and willing to become a State, and desiring to
be such, be admitted into the Union, with or without sla-
very, as the people thereof may desire and make known
through their constitution."
Mr. SOULE addressed the Senate in support of
his amendment for more than an hour and a half.
A report of his remarks will be given in the Ap-
pendix.
The further consideration of the subject wa3
postponed until to-morrow, and
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business
And after some time spent therein, thd Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 25, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BOWL1N asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up and dispose of a large accu-
mulation of such Senate bills on the Speaker's ta-
ble as would not give rise to debate; it was import-
ant that they should be read and referred.
Mr. JONES said he had no objection to taking
up the business on the Speaker's table, if it were
done without condition as to debate; if otherwise,
he objected.
The SPEAKER stated that a large amount of
business had accumulated on the Speaker's table,
being messages from the departments and Senate
bills. If the House by unanimous consent agreed
to proceed to dispose of it, they might pass it by
at any time and call for the special order of the
day. The difficulty consequent upon the accumu-
lation of business on the Speaker's table had
grown out of the fact that there was no morntng
hour so long as special orders of the day contin-
ued, and until reports were called for duiing the
morningf hour, it was not in order to move to pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table
Mr. PRESTON KING objected to proceeding
to this business.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
stateofthe Union, to resume the consideration of
the bounty land bill.
Mr. HAECALSON asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the flies the papers of W. J. Han-
son, to be referred to the department.
Pending the motion of Mr. Cobb—
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. BURT rose and said he believed this day.
was some time since assigned for the consideration
of the report of the select committee upon the sub-
ject with which the Secretary of War, Governor
Crawford, was connected, commonly known as
the Galphin claim. He was very unwilling to in-
terfere with any business in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; but he felt it to
be his duty, in justice to the hi^h functionary who
was concerned in that investigation, to insist upon
the special order of business in the House, and he
hoped the House would not thrust it aside for any
other matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House the condition of the business of the House
in regard to the two special orders that are pend-
ing. The special order in regard to the bounty
land bill, as it is termed, is the oldest special order,
and therefore, in the opinion of the Chair, has
precedence over the special order in the House,
if the House shall not %o into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special or-
der in committee, the Galphin report is the special
order of the day, and will be the first and the only
business m the House that can be transacted until
that is disposed of. The other, however, being
the oldest special order, in the opinion of the
Chair, authorized the motion to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union to be
made. If it were not the oidest special order, the
House could not resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, pending the
special order in the House. The gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] has moved that the rules
of the House be suspended,and that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the bounty land bill; the Chair enter-
tains the motion, and the question is first upon
agreeing to it.
Mr. BURT, i desire to inquire of the Chair
whether there is not a special order for to-morrow,
of a privileged character, which will override all
other special orders, either in the House or in
committee? And whether, if the special order in
the House for to-day be not taken up, it may not
be a considerable time before it can again be
peached?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in re-
ply to the gentleman from South Carolina, that
there is no special order for to-morrow, but that the
further consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee on Elections relative to the contested election
from the first congressional district of the State
of Iowa, was postponed until to-morro"v: the
Chair is decidedly of the opinion that that report,
involving a question of privilege, must take pre-
cedence of either of the special orders. After that
shall have been disposed of, the report of the se-
lect committee to which the gentleman from South
Carolina refers, will come up a3 a special order
from day to day, as it is presented this morning.
Mr. INGE. The special order on the Galphin
case takes precedence of everything else except
the bounty bill ?
The SPEAKER. It does to-day: to-morrow
the report of the Committee of Elections, involving
a question of privilege,'will override both.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Cobb,
of Alabama—
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. BURT moved a call of the House, remark-
ing that the House was thin, and he wished a
full vote on the question; and on that motion he
demanded the yeas and nays. •
Tellers were asked and ordered, on the question
of ordering the yeas and nays, and Messrs. Root
and McQueen were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
36 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and,.being
taken, were—yeas 62, nays 115.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Cobb, was taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 118, nays 76; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Averett,
Baker, Bay, Bissell, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Breek, Brigg*,
Albert G. Brown, William J.Brown, Buel, Buriows, T.
B. Butler, G. A. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casev, Cling-
man, Cole, Corwin, Dickey, JDiinmiek, Doty, Dunham,
Durkee, Edmundsoti, Alexander Evans, Ewinjr, Feather-
ston, Fuel), Freed ley, Fuller, Giddmgs,Gilmo p,Goodenow,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson, Har-
lan, Isliam G. Harris, Thomas L Harris, Haymond, Iloag-
land, Howe, Hubbatd, Hunter, Jnge, J W. Jackson, J. L.
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King,La Ser6, Letfier, Lit-
tletieid, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McO)ern<oid, McDon-
ald, McDowell, McGaughey, McLanahan, R. M.McLane,
McQueen, McYVilhe, Meacham. Miller, Morehead, Morris,
Mor^e, Olds, Parker, Pca-Oee, Puck, Pnelrs, Phoenix, Pit-
man, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson,
Ro>s, Savage, Shcpperd, Spauldnig, F. P. Stanton, R. H.
Stanton, Stetson, Strong^Tavlor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Willmm Thompson,
Underbill, Vmiable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins,
Wentworth, White, Wildnek, Williams, Wilmor, Wood-
ward, and Young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Bayly, Beale, Be >-
nelt, Bingham, Bocoek, Bokee, Brook*, Burt, Cneater But-
ler, J. P.Caldwell, Camplx'll, Chandler, Claike, Conger,
Crowell, Damtl, Duberry, Disney, Dixon, Nathan Evshh,
Fowler, Gerry, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, Hay, H<-1>-
bard, Henry, Hihbard Hilhar.l, Holladav, Holmes, Hou*t n,
Howard, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, George G. Kma,
J met. G. King, John A King, Horace Mann, Matte.^on,
McKissock, McMullen, iVTeado, MilUon, M tore, Morion,
NeNon, Newell, Otisi, Outlaw, Reynolds, Risley, Roekwell,
Root, Ramsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Slanly, A. H. Stephen*,
Sweetser, Thurman, Toombs,"Van Dyke, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, Wilson, and Winthrop—76.
BOUNTY LANDS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill " providing; for soldiers of
the war of 1812, 1813, 1814, and 1815, with Great
Britain; the Indian wars of 1811; the (Florida)
Sermnolean war of 1835, 1836, &o ; and the war :
known as General Wayne's, of 1792 to 1795, that
have not heretofore been provided for."
The question pending was on the amendment
of Mr. Hubbard, as amended on motion of Mr.
McLane on a former day.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment:
" Provided, That the provisions of this act shall be ex-
tended to all soldiers, without regard to their Itngth of ser-
vice, who may have been actually engaged in repelling any
invasion, or who may actually have been in any battle or
skirmish.-or who may have borne arms in defence of their
country."
Mr. EVANS said he did not intend to take up
much of the time of the committee. He had come
to the conviction that the granting away the public
lands had become inevitable. He would, there-
fore, content himself with simply recording; his
vote, after endeavoring, as far as he could, to
render the bill so comprehensive as to take in all
classes. It had been his intention, originally, to
oppose the bill because he regarded it as looking to
a breach of the public faith, and as likely to im-
pair the public revenue. But if he could see the
bill now so amended as to take in the class em-
braced in his amendment, he would pledge him-
self to offer no further proposition. Since it has
been determined in conclave to force this bill
through, and to^give away the public lands, he
would make no further opposition to it. It had
been charged that these amendments will kill the
bill. But he did not consider that they ought to
do so.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to ask a question
of the gentleman from Maryland. Did he not
bring forward amendments for the purpose of de-
stroying the bill ?
Mr. EVANS replied that he did. He had at-
tempted to make the bill so comprehensive as that
none of its friends would be willing to take it.
But now that it has been resolved in secret meet-
ing that the bill shall pass, since these lands are
to be given away, he was desiious that the boon
should benefit as large a number as practicable.
He referred to the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Georgia, for the protection of the
soldiers against fraudulent speculators. It was a
very proper amendment, and he thanked the gen-
tleman for bringing it forward; but it was voted
down.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. WALDO, who renewed the amendment and
said: Mr. Chairman, 1 have renewed the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland, to enable me to
state the principles that will govern my action
upon the matter now before the committee. And
in the first place, 1 must premise that i am op-
posed to his proposition, because it embraces a
term of service too short to be entitled to any gra-
tuity. No person who served in the war of the
Revolution for a period less than six months, has
ever received a pension, and m analogy to this
principle, no land should be given to the soldiers of
other wars, who have not served the same length
of time. Ihe proposition of the gentleman from
Maryland embraces those who were mustered
into service, without any regard to the time they
served, and makes the soldier of one day, equal to
him who served for six months. I know, sir, that
many of the friends of the measure now before
thecommittee favor this proposition, while others,
of which numbef*I am one, maintain that bouncy-
land should only be given for six months' semee.
But for the purpose of uniting the friends of a com-
mon object upon common ground, most of "us
have agieed to support a bill limiting the minimum
service at three months.
I have been compelled, Mr. Chairman, to give
this subject some thoughts during the past winter,
inasmuch as several petitions, numerously signed,
asking for legislation in behalfof the soldiers of
the war of 1812, have been referred to the com-
mittee of which I am a member, and have there
been very fully discussed. The result of that dis-
cussion is contained in a report and bill presented
by the committee to the House, which is now pend-
ing^ in the Commitee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Our examinations led us to inquire
into the organization of the army of 1812, and we
examined every statute under which it was au-
thorized. We found that the whole number of
men authorized to be raised by enlistment, consti-
tuting the regular army, amounted to about sixty '
thousand. Of this number, about forty thousand
were authorized to be raised by acts or Congress
granting bounty lands to the recruits, and about
twenty thousand by statutes that did not give
bounty land. Those only who enlisted for five
