186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
seeded to remark, that he believed,the object which
the gentleman from New Yoik [JVIr. King] had in
view, was acceptable to the House generally—that
was to say, he desired that the messages should be
laid before the House, and then the House should
proceed to* the execution of the order relating to
the election of officers. The motion which the
gentleman had made would not accomplish the
object.
The SPEAKER interposed with the remark,
that no remarks were now in order.
Mr. THOMPSON merely wished, he said, to
say a word by way of explanation.
Objection and calls to order.
The question on the motion to postpone was
then taken and decided the negative—ayes 34,
noes not counted.
So the House refused to postpone the execution
of the order providing for the election of officers.
Mr. MeCLERNAND rose and moved that the
messages be taken uji, read, and laid upon the table
under an order to print.
The SPEAKER said that the motion could only
« be received by unanimous consent. The Speaker
then stated ihe question, and asked: " Is objection
made?"
Mr. CARTER objected, but waived the objec-
tion.
But objections were made in other quarters.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BURT called for the regular orders of the
dav.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the execution of the order of the House for the
election of officers; and first, of a Doorkeeper.
Mr. CRO WELL desired to move to take certain
papers from the files of the House.
My. BURT objected to any motion out of order.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Crowei.l] could only submit his motion by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CROWELL said, he did not understand
that any objection had been made.
The SPEAKER said that objection had been
made by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
BukT] to any business except the regular order of
the day.
Mr. WOODWARD, (to the Speaker.) What
is the order of the day?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House con-
cerning the election of officers.
Mr/WOOD'rose and asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to correct a vote of his in one
of the morning's papers.
Ohjection wa** made.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose to a point of
order. In view of the last viva roce vote of yes-
terday, he would now (he said) submit, as a point
of order, whether it did not require the unanimous
consent of the House to enable a member to
change hi« vote ?
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, so far as the Chair at this moment re-
members it, unanimous consent would not be re-
quired; but a member may change his vote at any
time before the tellers report the result. The
principle assimilates to that on which gentlemen
are allowed, on taking the yeas and nays, to
change their votes at any time before the Chair
announces the result. This is the opinion of the
Chair. Such has been the practice, and that prac-
tice has been acquiesced in by the House in all the
elections, so far as they have proceeded.
Mr. McLANE. Is it not in order 
Mr. BURT rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] was on the floor on a point of
order.
Mr. BURT inquired if there was any question
befoft the House on which the point of order was
based ?
The SPEAKER said the Chair could not say,
not yet having heard the sue^estion of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.]
Mr. BURT, f submit, sir 
Mr. McLANE, (interposing and addressing the
Chair.) The gentleman from South Carolina can-
not take the floor from me.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Burt.) The gentle-
man from Maryland claims the floor on a point of
order. Until the point is stated the Chair cannot
say whether there is any question before the
House or not.
Mr. BURT. I hope the gentleman "Will state it.
Mr. McLANE. I am stating it as distinctly
and as rapidly as these interruptions will permit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman wili state his
point of order.
Mr. McLANE then submitted, as a question of
order and of privilege, that it was competent for
the House to decide upon the pending mode of
executing its own rule. He submitted that it was
competent for the House to require, and he
thought it should require, unanimous consent to
allow any member to change his vote after the bal-
lot should have been counted or the roll should
have been called over.
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt that the
House can prescribe its rules in relation to this or
any other matter; but in this, as in all other cases,
the change or modification must be made according
to the mode prescribed by existing rules. *
Mr. McLANE said that he would, with great
respect to the Speaker, submit a request that the
rule which prohibited any member from approach-
ing the Clerk's table whilst the roll was called,
should be enforced, so that the House might he
spared, as he thought it should be, a recurrence of
the exhibition of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The spirit of the rule which
prevents members from visiting the Clerk's table
during the call of the yeas or nays, or the counting
of ballots, applies in the present case, and will be
enforced. The Chair has no doubt that the mem-
bers wili cheerfully comply with it.
Mr. McLANE then gave notice that he should
call the attention of the Chair to any instance in
which the rule might be violated.
Mr. BOYD inquired of the Speaker if it was
now in order to make nominations?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. Boyd renewed the nomination of Charles
L. Weller, of Ohio.
Mr. Marshall nominated Mr. Duerson, of In-
diana.
Mr. McClernand re-nominated Charles W.
Stewart, of the District of Columbia.
Mr. McLane, of Maryland, renewed the nomi-
nation of Christopher Cole, of Indiana.
Mr. McGatjghey withdrew the name of Mr.
Tufts.
Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, nominated
Wm. Flinn, of the District of Columbia.
Mr. Buel re-nominated Her. H. Heath, of
Michigan.
Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, withdrew the name of
A. R. Parker, of Illinois.
Mr. STANLY said that after the scene of yes-
terday, to which the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] had referred, he (Mr. S.) would
nominate Mr. Tufts^t And he (Mr. S.) gave no-
tice that, if he could effect an election by so doing,
he should change his vote, notwithstanding the
censure of the gentleman from Maryland.
The roll was then cailed for the eleventh time—
Messsrs. Savage, Van Dyke, Peck, and Crow-
ell, acting as tellers. They reported that 209
votes had been cast; necessary to a choice 105 ; of
which
Mr. Servitus Tufts received 94
Mr. CharlesL. Weller 51
Mr. Charles Stewart 24
Mr. Joseph L. Wright.  21
Mr. Christopher Cole 6
Mr. Her. H. Heath   4
Mr. Duerson 4
Mr. R. EL Horner      3
Mr. William Flinn.   2
209
The following is the vote in detail:
Foi Mr. Tufti—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashraun,-Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs,
Brook?.*, Buriows, T. B. Butler, Jos. P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark,CImeman, Cole, Conner,
Corwin. Crowe!!,Deberry, Dickev, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedlev, Gentry,
Giddmgs, Goodenow, GoH, Gould, Grinn^U, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter,
Jackson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. Kin?, James G.
King. Horace Mann, Mattesori, McGaugliey, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, Meacham, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Otis, Outlaw. Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Ilfsley, Rockwell, Ro«e, Rumsey, Saekett, Schenck/Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding,
Sprague, Stanly, T. Stevens, Taylor, John R. Thompson,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkms, White, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Winthrop.
ForMr. Weller—Messrs. Alhert^on, Avereit, Bayly, Beale,
Boyd, William J. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, G. A. Cald-
well, Carter, Howell Cobb, Disney, Dunham, Ewing, Ger-
ry, Hall, Hammond, Harlan, Hoagland, Holliday, Jones, La
P6rc, LefHer, Mason, McDonald, McDowcH, McMullen,
McWillie, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Park-
er, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Robinson, Savage, Sawtelle,
R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweeiser, Thomas, W. Thompson,
Walden, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, and Young.
ForMr. Stewart—Messrs. Bay, Boeoek, Bowdon, Col-
cock, Daniel, Edmunds>on, Featherston, Green, Haralson,
I. G. Harris,S. W. Harris, Hufbbard, Inge, R. W. Johnson,
McClemand, McQueen, Powell, Seddon, F. P. Stanton,
Jacob Thompson, Wallace, Wellborn, Woodward,4 and W.
R. W.Cobb.
For Mr. Wright—Messrs. Bissell, Booth, Cleveland, Ful-
ler, T. L.Harris, Howard, Kaufman, P. King, LHtlofieJd,
Job Mann. McLanahan, Peck, Richardson, Rohbins, Ross,
Waldo, Wildrick, Hackett, A. G. Brown, Ashe, and Strong.
For Mr. Cole—Messrs. Filch, Hibbanl, A. Johnson, Ju-
lian, R. M. McLane, and Gorman.
For Mr. Horner—Messrs. J3. C. Cabell, McKtssock, and
Morehead.
For Mr. Heath—Messrs. Bingham, Bnpl, Doty, and Ham
ilton.
For. Mr. Duerson—Messrs. J. L. Johnson, Marshall, A.
H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Flinn—Messrs. Gilmore and James Thompson.
No choice.
Mr, CONRAD, when his name was called on
the above vote, remarked that he had paired off
wiih Mr. Venable, who was confined to his room
by indisposition.
Mr. MEADE also remarked that he had paired
off with a member from New YorkJ (name not
heard,) and asked to be excused from voting.
* Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, withdrew the
name of Mr. Cole of Indiana.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, withdrew 4
the name of Mr. Flinn of the District of Colum-
bia, at his request. •
The roll was then called the twelfth time. The
tellers reported that 198 votes had been cast; ne-
cessary to a choice 100; of which
Mr. Tufts received   94
Mr. Weller.   73
Mr. Stewart 15
Mr. Wright 11
Mr. Duerson..    3
Mr. Heath   2
198
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Tufts—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Thomas B. Builer, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Cling-
man, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Deberrv, Dickey, Dix-
on, Duer, Duncan, Alex. Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
FreedJey, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Hampton, Hay, Havmond, Henry, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
James G. Kins, Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, Mc-
Kissock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morton, Nel-
son, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
Reeri, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rurnsey, Saekett,
Scbenck, Schermet horn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaldins, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Steven?, Taylor, John
B. Thompson. Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vmton, Wat-
kins White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Waller—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly,
Beale, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J.
Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Carter,
Howell Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Disney, Dunham, Ewing,
, Fitch, Fuller,Gerry,Gilmore, Gorman, Green,Hill, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Hailari, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holliday, How-
I ard, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, La 86re, Le.fRer, Liitlefield,
; Mason, McDonald, McDowell, Robert M. McLan^, McMul-
i len, McWillie, Miller, Millson, Morris, Moife, Olds, Orr,
Pea^Iee, Peck, Phelps Potter, Powell, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson. Sweetser, Thomas Jacob Thompson, Jas. Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Walden, Waldo, Whittlesey, Wil-
mot, Wood, and Young.
For Mr. Stewart—Messrs. Bay, Bocock, W. R. W. Cobb,
Edinundson, Feather^on, Haralsdto, IshamG. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hubbard, Inge, McClemand, McQueen, Sed-
don, Wallace, and Woodward.
For Mr. Wright—Messrs. Bissell, Cleveland, Doty, Thos.
L. Harris, Kaufman, Preston King, Job Mann, Richardson,
Robbins Strong, and Wildrick.
For Mr. Duerson—Messrs. James L. Johnson, Marshall,
and Toombs*.
For Mr. Heath—Messrs. Bingham and Buel.
No choice.
Mr. BAKER now rose and moved that the fur-
ther execution of the order of the House in rela-
tion to the election of officers, be postponed to the
fourth (or first) of March, 1851.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move an
indefinite postponement?
The SPEAKER, understanding Mr. B. to as-
sent, so stated the question.
Mr. BAKER. No, sir. If the Chair will al-
low me a moment, I will state, that I intended to
move to postpone further action on the order until
the first or (fourth) of March, 1851.
The SPEAKER so stated the question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
