THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 27, 1850.
New Series.... No. 81.
years or during the war, were entitled to land;
those who enlisted for any other period were not
entitled. Many of the persons who enlisted for
•during the war, enlisted under acts that were
passed short of one year before the termination of
the war, and could not, therefore, have served a
period of twelve months; while most of the per-
sons who enlisted for other periods, served a much
longer time. Ind^fed, there were very many en-
listments under the act of December 10, 1814, and
which gave three hundred and twenty acres to
each tecruit, who were scarcely mustered into ser-
vice before their term of enlistment expired.
It is very evident that the soldier who served
twelve and eighteen months during: the hardest
portions of the war are as much entitled to bounty
land as those who were so fortunate as to enlist
just as the war closed. By other statutes the
militia were called into service for different periods
not exceeding six months at any one time. The
militia were not entitled to bounty land, and many
of them went into the service, not voluntarily but
by constraint, and served' much longer than many
who, by the terms of their enlistment, received
one hundred and sixty acres of land. It seems,
therefore, at least equitable that those who have
rendered meritorious service in the war of 1812
should be placed upon the same footing, and those
that have not received bounty land, should now
receive that measure of justice that has been so long
delayed. I shall therefore, Mr. Chairman, vote
to give bounty lands to the officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812 who have not heretofore received
such land. I shall only vote to give it to those
who are now alive, or the widows of such as were
married before the last period of their husband's
service. I do not concur with gentlemen in the
opinion that this donation will absorb all of our
public domain, nor do 1 believe it will have the
tendency to make land warrants worthless.
1 have made some estimate of the amount that
may be taken by the men engaged in the war of
1812, and I do not believe it will exceed three
millions of acres, while many gentlemen have
supposed it would amount to forty or fifty millions.
Of the enlisted army there were twenty thousand
only but what have already received bounty land;
of this number, it is probable three fourths have
alreadygoneto " that bourn from whence no travel-
er returns," leaving only about five thousand to be
provided for. From the best data I can find, I
cannot believe that the number of the militia
who served six months will exceed sixty-five
thousand, and those who served three months
will not exceed one hundred thousand. Estimating
that only one fourth of these now survive, (and
after a lapse of thirty-five years, this estimate
would seem reasonable), and we have only
about sixteen thousand who served for six months,
and twenty-five thousand who served for three
months, to be the recipients of our gratuity. I
know, sir, the contemplated bill embiaees other
service, but inasmuch as i have not made any
examination of the probable numbers who have
served in other wars, i shall not venture an opinion
upon this subject. Believing, however, that the
number is not so large as to prodtfce the disastrous
consequences that some gentlemen have imagined,
I shall give the bill my cordial support.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. EVANS said he would propose a substitute
for the bill.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of
order—there being already pending a substitute
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Al-
bertson.]
Mr. SACKETT moved the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
" Jind provided, That no peison shall be entitled to receive
any land under this act, until he. Ins heirs, assigns, or
graiuee, shall ao into the actual poss-es^ion of the land to
which the soldier may be entitled. Jlnd jnovided, further,
That no patent shall he "ranted for any land under this a( t,
until one year alter actual occupancy by the soldier, his
heirs, grantee, or assigns "
Mr. McDONALD raised the point of order
against the amendment, on the ground that it had
81
been voted down on two distinct votes yester-
day.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
on the ground that, although two propositions had
been voted on, which, together, amounted to the
same provision, yet an amendment embodying the
two, presented a different question, and was m
order.
Mr. SACKETT said, he offered the amendment
in all frankness, and hoped it would be acceptable
to the friends of the bill. If this amendment is
adopted it will remove from the bill its most ob-
jectionable feature; it will make, as I believe, the
bill acceptable to a large majority of this House.
As the bill now stands, the effect of it will be to
throw a hundred millions of your public lands, in
the form of land warrants, into your markets; this
will inevitably depreciate their value to a very low
point. This, indeed, is admitted by the friends of
the bill; so that, m fact, your soldiers, who are in-
tended to be benefited by this measure, will re-
ceive little or nothing. These facts are all admit-
ted to be true. I believe this amendment will, in
a degree at least, prevent these consequences.
The soldiers d<! not ordinarily go on to their
bounty land, they generally sell their right to
others. No one denies this fact. Certainly the
friends of this bill should do all they can to secure
to the soldier the benefits intended by it—that is
the intention I have in offering this amendment.
If we shall require actual occupancy before title
shall be given, those land warrants will be kept out
of your stock market, and only such lands will be
on sale as are wanted for actual settlement. It
will practically secure more to the soldier than any
other feature of the bill.
There was an amendment offered yesterday re-
quiring the soldier to actually occupy the land be-
fore he should receive title. That amendment may
well have been deemed by the friends of the bill
as objectionable, because the soldiers do not ordi-
narily occupy the land themselves. But, sir, this'
amendment avoids all that difficulty, it allows the
title to pass as soon as any actual settler can be
found; and this presents fairly to the friends of
this measure the question, whether they intend
this bill for speculators and land-jobbing operators,
or for the soldiers who have composed our armies
and fought our battles. This amendment will
give to them the benefit of the law; the bill with-
out it, secures all its fruits to scheming, intriguing
agents and land monopolizers.
This provision will prove of great benefit to the
western country. It will cause actual settlement
under these warrants, and will prevent those lands
going into the hands of large holders, who live in
some foreign place or country, greatly to the pre-
judice of the new States.
I ask a vote on this amendment, so that we may
see who are in favor of these lands going to the
soldiers and to actual settlers under them, and who
are in favor of their going to land monopoly spec-
ulators.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of—
Mr. DUNHAM. I renew the amendment.
Surely, sir, the West ought to be greatly obliged
to the old States of the East. They have been
for years exercising a sort of guardianship over
us, and they seem disposed still to continue to
do so. Eastern gentlemen act and speak us if
they thought we had not yet come to years of
discretion; that we do not know what is for our
own benefit. Now, we wish it distinctly under-
stood, that we think we are perfectly able to take
care of ourselves; that we have interests, and we
intend to protect and foster them; that we have
rights, and we mean to maintain them. Give us
but another census, so that we shall be represented
here accoiditig to our present strength, and we
will convince gentlemen that we are both capable
of taking care of ourselves and determined to do
so. We have submitted to thestepdame care and
authority of the older States as long as we intend
to, and they may as well know tt. One great ob-
jection urged against the passage, of this hill is,
that its effect will be to teduce the price of lands*
Where? At the West, by throwing so much
more new lands into market, and by the low price
at which this-scrip can be bought. The people of
the West, who know their own interest as well as
you eastern gentlemen do, are in favor of this bill.
Western members here are all in favor of it. The
West has always been in favor of reducing the prrce
of the public lands. For years the people there
have been endeavoring, through their members of
Congress, to procure such reduction. Their object
now by this bill is not only to do justice to the
old soldiers, but to make the public lands cheaper
and more easily to be obtained.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the gentleman whether
this reduction of the price of lands, when you
throw so much of this scrip into market, does not
fall on the soldiers at last? • 
Mr. DUNHAM. Sir, the warrant of a twelve
months' soldier will always be good for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, and as good
land, too, as ever the sun shone upon. Its value
can never get below that; and ill the West, sir, one
hundred and sixty acres of land makes' a very
snug farm; and upon a good farm in that coun-
try a man can make a first-rate living for himself
and family. Then, sir, you can never reduce the
price of such a warrant so but what it can be
made to secure, a comfortable support for the re-
cipient in his old age, and a good homestead for
his family.
Mr. SACKETT. Don't the gentleman know
that but few soldiers will go there?
Mr. DUNHAM. It is enough for us to know
that we do oar duty, that we do them justice, that
we give them a chance to go there. If they are
too old to improve the land themselves, give them
a chance to settle their children upon it, who will
improve it, and secure to their parents a comforta-
| bie home in the evening of their life, which per-
! haps they are not now able to do. Many of these
j old soldiers are now in the W^est. 1 can assure
I the gentleman that many more of these warrants
will be located by those to whom they are granted
than he imagines. He need not think that because
a few speculators in the eastern cities hold large
numbers of the Mexican land warrants, that the
bulk of them are there; I know that with those
warrants, thousands upon thousands of acres of
land have been entered by the persons to whom
they were issued. Much land has been so entered,
which had been years in the market, and would not
have been entered in any other way for years to
come, if at all, until the price was reduced. I again
say to gentlemen, they need take no trouble about
the effect of this bill upon the price of land; your
farms east of the mountains will not be reduced
in value by it. It will be the farms of the est,
which lie in the vicinity of these lands, which will
be thus entered at a cheaper rate. And, sir, we
know that though it may operate to temporarily
reduce the marketable value of our farms, its effect
will be to fill up our country with an enterprising
and industrious population, who will improve
those wild lands; that it will increase the wealth
and commerce of our country, and thus produce a
reaction, which will not only bring them back to
their original value, but far increase it. At any
rate, this objection can only affect us of the West,
and we feel peifectiy competent to take care of our-
selves, without any of this factious interference
from eastern gentlemen. W^e are willing to abkle
by the result, and though it affect injuriously, the
people of the West, they have too much noble gen-
erosity to stop to selfishly calculate their own
interests, while duty and giatitude prompt them to
action.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, renewed
it, and said: Mr. Chairman, 1 have renewed the
amendment for the purpose of making a few re-
marks m regard to the course of the opposition to
this bill. Two years ago, a similar bill was intro-
duced into this House. Those opposed to it were
untiring in their proposed amendments—they per-
severed, until through inattention or weariness,
amendment after amendment was adopted, and the
bill, thus loaded, went down. Now, sir, the same
course of action is attempted. The industrious
and able gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
