1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
The roll was called.
During the process, Mr. McLane called upon
the Chair to ej^force ilie rule prohibiting; members
from visiting or remaining at the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER enforced it.
The result of the vote wa3 then announced; yeas
94, nays 109, viz:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, A*hmun, Bake.r
Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Briggs, Brooks, A. 6. Brown, Bur-
rows, Thomas B. Burier, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey,
Chandler, Clark, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corwin,
Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Dotv, Duncan, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Preedley, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goodenovv, Gott,
Gould, GrinuHl, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hil-
hard, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jack-son, James L.
Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G.
Kins, Preston King, Horace Mann, Marshall, McGaughey,
F. E. McLean, McWillie. Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix, Pit-
*man, Putnam, Reed, Reynold-', Risley, Rockwell, Hose,
Jtumsey, Sackett. Schoolcraft, Shepperd,Spalding, Sprague,
Stanly, A. II. Stephens, ThaddiMi-s Steven?, Taylor, John
B. Thompson, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dike, Vm-
ton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop.
—94.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Alhertson, Andrews, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd,
Breck, W. J. Biown, Duel, Burt, J, Cable, G. A. CaldwHI,
Campbell, Carter, Cleveland, Colcock, Conger, Dann 1, Di---
ncy, Dunham, Edniundson, Alexander Evans, Ewmg, Feath-
erston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Ilalloway, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, I. G.
Harris, S. W. Harrw, T L. Hairis, Hubbard, Hoagland, Hol-
iday, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kaufman, La S6re, Lelfler, Littlefield, Job Mann,
Mason, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Kissock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, Miller, MilUon,Morn*, Mor^e, Olds, Orr, Parker,
Pca^lee, Peck, Phelps, Potter,Powell. Richardson, Robhins,
Robinson, Root, Ro>s, Savage, Sawtelle, Schetiek, Seddon,
Silvester, F. P Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
William Thompson, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey,
Wildiick, Wilinot, Wood, Woodward., and Young—109:
So the motion to postpone was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNAND withdrew the nomination
of Charles Stewart.
Mr. WILDRICK withdrew the nomination of
Joseph L. Wright.
Mr. HOAGLAND moved that the House ad-
journ.
And the question having been taken,the House
refused to adjourn.
The roll was then again called.
During the process, Mr. McLANE again in-
voked the interposition of the Chair for the en-
forcement of the rule alluded to.
The Chair enforced it.
Mr. OLDS rose to suggest a question to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order at this
time; but the Chair would hear what the sugges-
tion was.
Mr. OLDS. The question I make arises under
the 13th rule, which is in the following words:
" In all oases where other than members of the Hou««5
may be eligible to an office by the election of the House,
there shalfbe a previous nomination."
Now, I submit that the name of Mr. Stewart
having been withdrawn, is tiot now before the
House, and therefore the vote should be counted a
blank.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will disembarrass the
gentleman by changing my vote.
The SPEAKER said it was too late. The
tellers had reported.
Upon the point of order—
The SPEAKER said: Jt is too late to raise this
point of order. The Chair, however, will state
that the practice of the House has been to count
the votes given for persons who had not been put
in nomination. Had such a construction of the
rule as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] sug-
gests been enforced, there would have been an
election on several occasions, both as respects the
office of Doorkeeper and other officers, during the
present session, where no one had received a ma-
jority of the votes given.
The result was then announced by the Speaker,
as follows:
That 209 votes had been given; necessary to a
choice 105; of which
Mr. Wcller received  
Mr. .Tufts 
Mr- Dnerson    "
Mr. Stewart    1
Mr. Horner  1
209
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Weller—Messrs. Alberbou, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Bocock, Booiti, Bowdon,
Boyd, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown, Bud, Burt, J. Cable, G.
A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland, Howell Cobb, W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edmund-
son, Ewing, Feadierston,- Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Har-
lan, I. G. Harris, S. W.Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland. Holh-
day, Howard, Hubbard, inge, A. Johnson, R. W. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, P. King, La S£re, Leffler. Littletield, Job
Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald,McDowell, McLan-
ahan, R. M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWiIHe, Mil-
ler, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Pea^lee,
Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robin-
son, Ro«s, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, F. P. Stanton, R. H.
Stanton. Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, William Thompson, Walden, Wal-
do, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilnioi, Wood, and
Young.
For Mi. Tnfts—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andiews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Bieck, Briirgs,
Biookp, Burrows, T. B. Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cole,Conger,
Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Durkee, Nathan Evans, AlexandtY Evans, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goodenow. Goft, Gould, Grumelj,
Hallovvav,Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Howe, Hunter,
Jackson, Kerr, D. P. King, G. G. King, J. G. King, H. M inn,
Matteson, McGaughey, McKt--sock, F. E. McLean, Mca-
cham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Otis, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley,
Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ruuisey, Sackeit, Schenck, Scher-
merhnrn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding,
Sprague, Stanly,T.Stevens,Taylor, J. Thompson,Tuck,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams,'
Wilson and Winihrop.
For Mr. Duerson—Messrs. Alston. Hilliard, J. L. John-
son, Marshall, Owen, Outlaw, A. H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Horner—Mr. Houston.
For Mr. Stewart—Mr. Woodward.
No choice.
Mr. HAYMOND re-nominated Mr. Randolph.
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew the nomination of
Mr. Duerson.
The roll was then called the fourteenth time;
the tellers reported that 208 votes had been cast;
necessary to a choice 105; of which
Mr. Weller received 104
Mr. Tufts 93
Mr. Randolph    9
Mr. Stewart    1
Mr. Horner  1
208
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Weller—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon,
Bovd, Albert G. Biown, William J. Brown, Buel,Burt, Jos.
Cable, Geotge A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland, Howell
Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Disney, Doty,
Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller,
Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holhdav, Howard, Hubbard,
Ing«*, Andrew Johnson^ Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kauf-
man, Preston King, La Sore, Leffier,LittlefieId, Job Mann,
Ma^-on, McClernand, Mct)onald, McDowell, McLanahan,
Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Mil-
ler, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee,
Peek, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robin-
son, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot,
Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. Tufts—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashmun, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briegs, Brooks,
Burrows, Thomas B.Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,Calvin,
Cajnpbell, Casev, Chandler, Claik, Clingman, Cole, Congei,
Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Durkee, Alexander Evan3, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley,
Gentry, Giddiug-, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gcinnell, Hallo-
way, Hampton, Hay, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jack-
son, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King,
Horace Mann, Matteson,McGaughcv, McK ssock, Finis E.
McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft. Shepperd, Stlvesfer,
Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Steven*, Taylor, John
B. Thompson, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, White, Williams,
Wilson, and Winihrop.
For Mr. Randolph—Mes=rs. Alston, Haymond, Marshall,
Morton, A. H. Stephens, Toombs, Van Dyke, Watkins, and
J. L. Johnson.
For Mr. Stewart—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Horner—Mr. Hiihard.
No choice.
Mr. SACKETT moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HALLOWELL asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
82, nays 118.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY said, that from kind regard to
some gentlemen of the Democratic party, and in
order to gtve them time for reflection, he would
move to put off the election at least until to-mor-
row; and on that motion he would ask the yeas
and nays. After that, he would ask a call of the
House, and so forth, and so on, in order to pre-
vent the recurrence of any scenes which might
the yeas and nays,
distresa.the gentleman from Maryland fMr. Me
Lane] over the way.
Mr. SCHENCK asked
which were ordered.
Mr. McLANE, of Kentucky, moved that the
House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and
being taken, were—yeas 89, nays 81.
So the House refused to adjonrn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Stanly, that the further execution of the or-
der be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired of the Speaker
whether it was in order to amend the motion so
as to postpone to a later day; and whether the
question would first come up on the latest day des-
ignated.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to postpone
to a certain day was not amendable by moving a
later day.
Mr. CLINGMAN was understood to suggest
to his colleague [Mr. Stanly] a later day.
Mr. STANLY said: Anything in the wprld to
suit gentlemen.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could mod-
ify his motion.
Mr. STANLY withdrew it..
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to postpone until the
1st of March, 1851.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to move a
call of the House, remarking that it was desirable
to have a full House on the decision of this
question.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker if it
was in order to move'that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER said it was in order.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House adjourn,
and hoped that the question would be taken with-
out the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLEVELAND said that, if in order, he
wished to inquire of his breihr^h on the other side
of the House, whether it was their determination
to stave off this election ?
The SPEAKER. No inquiries are in order.
The House -will come to order, and gentlemen are
requested to resume their seats.
The question was stated to be on the motion of
Mr. Ashmun.
The yeas and nays were asked.
Mr. ASHMUN withdrew the motion.
Mr. ORR renewed it.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, (by
the count of tellers, Messrs. Wilmot and Fow-
ler,) and, being taken, were—yeas 99, nays 71.
So, at a late hour, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. CONGER* The petition of sixty-three citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying Congress to put an end
to slaveiy in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. BRIGGS: The petition lor cheap postage, fiom
professors and students of the Umveisity of New York,
Medical Department. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HOLMES: The memorial of Joseph Johnson,
George Robertson, O. L.„Dobson, and others, citizens of
Charleston, praying indemnity for French spoliations.
By Mr. REED: The petition of Jos. Wright, lor invalid
pension. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice of a lull for extending the light
of pre-emption lo settlers on un'-uiveycd land;-.
By Mr. HAMMOND. The petnion of Marianna Cham-
payne, administratrix of John K. Champayne, piaj mg lo be
indemnified foi losses sustained irom French spoliations
prior to and during the year lsOl; which was referred 10 the
Committee on Forugn Aff.ms.
By Mr. COBB, of Alabama: The petition of William J.
Puce; which was leferred to the Committee on Public
Lands. „
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The petition of IV.
Stephens, and others,citizens of Kentucky, protesting against
the employment of Chaplains by the Congress of the United
States, or in the Army or Navy.
By Mr. LITTLEfTELD: Tne memorial of Philip Greely,
PreMdent of Ocean Insurance Company^ and eight>-four
others, merchants, ship-owners,ship-masters, and others, ot
Poitland, Maine, and vicinity, aj.'ain>t the adoption ot a new
prune mt'tidi.in; which was refcired to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. - _ . .
Bv Mr evans, of Maryland : The petition ofMargaretta
Bordleyand others, prajing indemnity for Fiench spoli-
ations. Referred to the Committee on Claims
Bv Mr HOLLIDAYs The petition «>! William S. Payne,
for the restoration of a fine imposed upon him tor a violation
oT the coasting laws. .
BvMr. lasj2re: The supplemental petition ofDelpnme
Isabella Trepagnier, widow of the late F. B. De Believue,
praying foi a pension. Referred to the Comnuuet on the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. LA SERE,
The papers of Delphine Isabella Tre^gnier, widow of the
