1*282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
who has offered so many amendments and carried
bo few to this bill, as well as the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sackett,] who has offered the
present amendment, and as well as several mhers,
I do not esteem as friends to the bill. Sir, the
present amendment provides that the soldier
who should be a recipient of it as a grant for his
patriotic services, shall only be entitled to it
on the condition of paying- for it by performing
the duties of an actual settler. This would be a
most peculiar liberality on the part of the Govern-
ment. Sir, my advice to the friends of this meas-
ure of justice to the soldier is, to vote down all
amendments proposed by those who do not favor
any proposition to give lands to the soldier. A
few days ago an associations of the friends of the
measure held a meeting on this subject in this Hall.
They agreed on the principles of a bill, and that 1
think should pass, if I understand its provisions.
It gives the bounty of land to the surviving sol-
dier, or the surviving widow of such soldier. In
this way the bounty of the Government will be
justly dispensed, and the argument that sixty or
eighty million-* of acres of land is to be given
away will not exist. It is the only measure that
can pass. The soldier who served three months
and upwards will be provided for. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evans] is opposed to giving
volunteers, who served six, twelve, or eighteen
months, and endured the hardships of a campaign,
if those who fought, it may be, for a day or an hour
do not get it also. My sense of justice is not of this
nature. I will not refuse to the meritorious what
is justice, because those less so do not receive the
same measure of liberality. Sir, let us act, vote,
and dispose of this question. The soldiers of the
war of 1812, the volunteers and drafted militia, if
there was ever a class of soldiers that deserve a
bounty it is this class. They got no bounty land—
no bounty as did soldiers on enlistment. They
served six, twelve, and eighteen months' tours,
and served faithfully. Now, sir, what pay did a
volunteer who served eighteen months get? One
hundred and forty dollars tor the suffering, danger,
and privations for this long period. This was all—
less than we get for three weeks' service here.
Justice requires we should pay them now. Yes,
sir, compensate them out of our abundance.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CALVIN renewed the amendment. Al-
though (said Mr. C.) much has been said against
granting bounty lands, yet I am free to confess,
sir, lhat nothing that has been said satisfies my
mind that some wel!-matuied measure, in refer-
ence to that subject, should not pass. The hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions knows, that if these donations are
restricted to those who performed three months'
service and upwards, and if they be restricted to
the surviving soldier, or the widow of the deceased
soldier, not more than three or four millions of
acres would be required to meet all the requisitions
of the bill, it has been urged that it will affect
the price of the public land it' a large quantity go
into the hands of speculators, who will have a
direct interest in keeping up the price. Whether
this will be so or not is to me utterly unimportant.
One thing is clear, that it will furnish the soldier
with from forty to one hundred aud sixty acres of
land, which will enable him to support himself
and his family.
Now 1 cannot see, for my part, why the soldiers
who fought in the war of 1812, and those who
fought under Wayne, and those who fought m
the Florida war, should not be provided for.
Their claims are certainly as meritorious as those
of the soldiers who fought in the war with Mexico;
and I merely rose to express the hope that the
friends of the bill will persevere in voting down
all amendments which are not offered with a view
to promote the objects which the friends of the bill
have in view.
It is perfectly evident that there is a majority
of this House who are in favor of passing some
bill calculated to reward the soldiers who served
in these various wars, and I (rust that the bill will
be allowed to pass and to become a law.
He withdrew- the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, as agreed, re-
newed the amendment, and said, that a general
debate and the exhaustion of time had been the
remedy resorted to, to defeat this measure; con-
sequently, he had thought silence to be the task of
its every true friend.
He would now say, that from the first he had
been a true friend of this measure. Not of this,
or any other bill, but of a bill which, in its reward
and' bounty to our best citizens, should devote and
<*ive up as reward the millions of acres of land to
the people who were native born and true to our
country and who had fought for these result3,—not
to give them up to the whole world.
Two years ago this measure was here, and was
nursed by so many kind fiiends it was destroyed.
He had voted for it then until it became a monster
in legislation, and then he had voted to destroy it.
The motives of the gentlemen had then been to
destroy the bill by their amendments; they had
succeeded, and 'their motive was now the same.
It was palpable—no one could deny it.
There were many most serious subjects awaiting
the action of Congress. This ought to be disposed
of, for of all these subjects this was one of the
most inconsiderable to the national happiness. 1
Gentlemen still continue to offer amendments to
this bill. It is all stvff, stuff, STUFF. The
House will see it in a short time.
The friends of this measure, after a full consid-
eration and full concession of all extremes, framed
a bill. It will appear here as the substitute.
The real gist of the matter will then be before you.
This is an outside battle, a litigious fight and an
annoyance, and nothing more. The real Richmond
is to come. It is to be offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Miller ]
I hope, therefore, gentlemen will let this worth-
less bill go by, and offer their amendments to the
substitute—for the- substitute is the result of fair
deliberation, concession, and compromise, on the
part of those who really favor this measure.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GORMAN renewed the amendment, and
asked a vote.
Mr. McMullen called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That no assignment of any land warrant issued
under the provisions of tins act shall he held to be of any
validity or force in law, hut shall be utterly void, unless
such alignment shall be made afler the actual issue and
delivery ol the warrant to tile peisOn 01 persons entitled
thereto, endorsed u, on the warrant itself, acknowledged
betoie a justice of ihe peace or other olheer authorized to
lake the acknowledgment of deeds, and attested by two
witnesses.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, made the
point of order against the amendment that it had
two or three times been offered substantially, and
voted down. It had once been offered, he be-
lieved, by thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Har-
alson.]
The amendment offered yesterday by Mr. Har-
alson was read, and, after some conversation,
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have scarcely made up my
mind whether I shall vote for this bill or not. It
depends very much upon the shape which it may
ultimately assume; and upon the classes of per-
sons to whom the benefits of the bill are to be ex-
tended.
1 cannot agree with the gentleman over the way,
that we ought not to endeavor to amend the bill,
or that we ought to wait until the substitute, which
he says has been agreed upon in a caucus, has
been proposed.
1 do not know whether the friends of the bill
have decided yet what the particular form of that
substitute shall be. I was not a party to that ar-
rangement, or present at the meeting said to have
been held; though of that I do not complain, for I
might have attended, I suppose, if 1 had thought
of it, or been so inclined. I offer this amendment,
and desire a vote upon it.
My desire is, that if the bill is to pass at all, it
shall be hedged round with such guards as shall
make it of some value to those for whose ben-
efit it is intended. I do not know a better rule
than to profit from the experience of the past. A
bounty land bill was passed for the benefit of the
soldiers who served in the Mexican war, and its
provisions were so loose, and the construction of
its meaning at the departments so ineffective for
the protection of the soldier, that perhaps not in
one instance of twenty—of a hundred—of a thou-
sand—has the land, itself, or anything like the
value of the land, reached him for whose advan-
tage it was designed- On the contrary, persons
calling themselves bounty land agents have taken
advantage of the soldiers in every possible way.
Now my pu/pose is to cut off at least one pro-
lific source of frauds.
It happens to be within my personal knowledge
that such agents have been m the habit of inter-
cepting the soldiers when returning from Mexico*
or have sought them elsewhere, and, with the mo-
ney of others, in most cases, (sometimes, perhaps,
with their own,) have purchased from these sol-
diers their discharges, and an assignment of their
bounty land in blank, paying twenty or thirty dol-
lars each for such discharges, and pocketing all the
profits. These assignments were by law, 1 know,
fraudulent and void; but being separately executed,
and filled up with false dates, the l.iw was con-
stantly evaded and the soldier cheated.
I received only this morning from a constituent
of mine, the facts of one case which aie something
like "these: He was met at New Orleans by an
aeent, who offered him $40 for his bounty land.
He gave up his discharge and signed one of these
blank assignments, upon payment to him of $20,
and the promise of $20 more when the land war-
rant should have been issued. The agent after-
wards wrote to the soldier stating that he was not
entitled to any bounty land, and that the money
must be returned; and in the mean time he had
applied for the warrant or certificate, and obtained
it upon production of the discharge, and now, I
suppose, has filled up the blank assignment with
false dates, and sold his spoils after the custom of
his rascally craft. The money was returned to
him, and he pocketed both the bounty and the
purchase money. This is the way in which this
man was served by one of these scoundrels.
Mr. SCHENCK withdrew the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas, renewed the
amendment, and said: The gentleman from Ohio
mentioned a very bad case. Sir, it was a case not
unusual. It was a case wrought out by the action
of a scoundrel. I will not stop to consider of
scoundrels. There are enough in the world, and
I leave it to the free and brave, under the law3 of
the land, to punish and spurn all such from their
path.
Sir, the action of this committee shows a deter-
mination to come to some vote and conclusion. I
ask gentlemen on all sides to reserve their amend-
ments for the substitute. Amendments now are
a mere matter of delay. I have not spoken,
though as deeply interested as anybody in the
disposition of the public lands; and if any one
is so blind as not to see it, send him to me, and I
will show him in five minutes how it is.
Sir, I want this measure for our old soldiers
acted on. If it ought to pass, let it pass. If it
ought not, let it be rejected. 1 cannot believe that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] meant
anything discreditable to those gentlemen who
met as the friends of this measure, to perfect it.
Mr. SCHENCK, (in his seat.) By no means.
Mr. JOHNSON. I knew he did not so mean
it. Sir, insinuations have been thrown out, and
in all directions have floated over this Hall, im-
puting wrong motives to gentlemen. I repudiate
them utterly acid wholly, and I do repudiate them
on the part of that caucus. The friends of the
soldiers were called together to prepaie a bill of
reward for them out of our abundance; sir, a ra-
tional bill. We did not want the enemies of the
bill present in caucus. Why? Because we knew,
that if allowed fo enter, they would allow no
union, and would destroy all harmony and all will
to perfect a good measure. Sir, we intended to
mature a measure, and we have done so, and it
will be presented; and I call on all to support and
defend it. It is a measure of principle, to com-
mand the most votes.
If gentlemen say that those who called the meet-
ing (I was not one) or those who attended, (I was
one,) did anything unworthy of gentlemen, or of
honorable men, I say it is false; and if one
man will utter it in my hearing, 1 pledge myself to
tell him he lies. But, sir, in the general insinua-
tions and petty imputations slung wide through
this House, I have known none to do this. A
truce, then, to all these idle insinuations, and to
all this side-bar fight, against the proper reward
of the very best of our people. We of the West
have land a plenty. Sir, let us have a vote, a
vote, and no more delay.
Tellers were asked and ordered upon the amend-
