1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House should be under the control of an individual
- who had no constitutional right to exercise the
duties of the office.
Mr. HIBBARD, (to the Speaker.) Is it not
now in order to move that the House proceed to
the election of a Doorkeeper?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
if the execution of the order be postponed to a day
certain, it will not be in order to proceed to the
election until the day fixed by the House. The
House has decided the motion to postpone to a
day certain the execution of the order; and a mo-
tion is now pending to reconsider the vote, and to
Jay that motion on the table.
Mr. BOYD. I move that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. STRONG stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 94, nays 108.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CARTER moved a call of the House.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, (simultaneously
addressing; the Speaker,) said, he had risen for a
similar purpose—to move a call of the House. He
desired that his friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] and gentlemen on that side of the House,
should have the opporturyty to sleep upon this
question.
Mr. STANLY. We will sleep with a much
better conscience than you would if you had elected
your Democratic nominee last evening.
Mr. McLANE. We have taken a lesson in
conscience—on yesterday—from the other side of
the House.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Mary-
land has been a member of his party too long to
allow his conscience to trouble him, 1 think. He
is past that.
The yeas and nays were asked and. ordered upon
the motion for a call of the House.
Mr. ROOT moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And the House adjourned.
petitions, &f>.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and appropriately referred:
Ry Mr. GIDDINGS • The petition of Robert Benth and
42 other citizens of Philadelphia, for the abolition of the in-
ternal slave trade.
Also, the petition of R. Sleeperand ff2 other?, citizens of
Livingston county, New York, prajiwg the liberation of
Captain Sears and Drayton fiom prison.
AUo, the petition of Robert Death and 42 other citizens
of Philadelphia, and the petition of John M. Yeatman and
90 others, citizens of Delaware and Pennsj Ivania, for the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbia.
Also, the petition of James S. Norris and 110 other citi-
zens of Boonton, New Jei&ey, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of* John AT. Yeatman and 87 others, cit-
izens ot Delaware and Pennsylvania, for amending the Con-
stitution.
Also, the petition of William Nixon and 60 other citizens
of Cincinnati, lor general peace between nation®.
Also, the petition of Su«<m JM. Wiernian and 128 other
ladies of Illinois, for excluding slavery from California.
By Mr. HAMMOND : The petition of John Kean and 83
other1?, citizens of Carroll county, Maryland praying Con-
gress to abolMi the office of chaplain, and henceforth
refrain from all legislation on religious* subjects. Referred
to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. LA SERE moved to withdiaw the papers of W. A.
G. Parragut, a Lieutenant in the Navy, Irom the files of the
House, and have them reterrcd to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.   
Mr. SILVESTER did not vote on the several questions
to-day, having paired oft' with Mr. Harris of Alabama, who
was compelled to be at home in consequence of the illness
of his child.
189
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 21, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
military Expedition against cuba.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose and asked
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a resolution.
The resolution was read for information, in the
words following:
BesoZiW,.That the President of the United States be re-
quested (if, in his judgment, the public inteies-t will not be
endangered thereby) to communicate to the Ifou^e of Repre-
sentatives the evidence in his possession, that a " consider-
able number ol adventureis wei e engaged during last summer
in fitting out a mihUny expedition within the United States,
against a foreign country, and that it was probahlv destined
to invade the inland of Cuba ,'Vand that he be further re-
quested to communicate to this House copies of all instruc-
tions given to Commander Randolph, or any other naval or
military officer of the Government, concerning the supposed
expedition and invasion, and all correspondence had in refer-
ence thereto ; and especially that he communicate to the
Home copies of all orders and instructions given and of all
correspondence had in reference to the persons assembled
on Round Island, off the southern coast of Mississippi, m the
summer of 1849, including copies of the coirespondenee (if
any was had) between the President or heads of Depart-
ments and the Governor of Mississippi.
The resolution having been read—
Objections were made to its introduction, by Mr.
BUTLER of" Pennsylvania, and Mr. MATTE-
SON.
Mr. BROWN said, that under the rule of the
House, the resolution, being a call for information,
would have to lie over one day. He hoped that
gentlemen would not persist in their objections to
its introduction, but that it might be received'and
take its place on the calendar.
_ Thfe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] as the Chair understands, de-
sires to introduce the resolution; and then, under
the rule, the unanimous consent of the House
would be required for its consideration to-day.
The gentleman, as the Chair understands, does not
ask that the resolution should be considered to-
day, but that it should lie over and take its place
on the calendar of business. Is there any objec-
tion ?
The objections were persisted in.
So the resolution was not received.
officers of the house.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of the
day".
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] to reconsider the vote
by which the further execution of the order of the
House in relation to the election of officers had
been postponed until the first of March, 1851, and
to lay that motion on the table. And on the mo-
tion to lay upon the table, the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON moved that there be a call of
the House, and on that motion asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
And the question M Shall there be a coll of the
House?" was then taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 73, nays 123.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the further execution of the order of the
House in relation to the election of officers had
been postponed until the first day of March, 3851.
And the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 106, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, AL-ton, Ander&on, Andrews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bokee, JBreck, Brings, Brooks, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabel/, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Claik, Chngman. Uole,
Conger. Conrad, Corwm, Crowell, Deberry, Dictoey, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Fieedley, Gentry, Gidthng-, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
nell, Hallowaj'/Hamptoiij Hay, Raymond, Ilebard, Henry,
Hilhaid, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, James
L Johnson, Kerr, UanieJ P. King,GeorgeG. King, James G.
Kmc, Preston King, Horace Mann, Marshall, JVJatieson, Mc-
Gauyliey, MeKissock, Finis E. McLean, Meaeham, Moore,
Moreheadj Morton, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogfe, Oil*, Out-
law, Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, iteed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Ilose, Rum>ey, Sackett, Sciienek, Seher-
inerhorn; Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Spalding, Spiague, Stanly,
Alexander II. Stephens, Thadduis Stevens, Tavlor, John K.
Thompson, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthmp—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Albeitsmj, Ashe, Averett, Hay, Bayly,
Beale, Bm«ham, Bissell, Booth, Bovvdon, Bo\d, Albeit G.
Brown, William J. Brown, But-K JJnrt,JoM>ph Cable,George
A. Caldwell,Campbell,Cmter,Cleveland, Williamson K. W.
Cobb, Colcoek, Daniel, Disney, Dot\, Dunham, Durkee,
Edmiindson, Ewiug, Feather&ton, Fitch, Fuller, G«.ny, Gil- !
more, Gorman, Gieen, Ilall, Hamilton, IlmaUon, Harlan, ]
Ifham G Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Moagiand, .
Hoiliday, Uowatd, Hubbard, In^e, Andiew Jnim>on, Robert j
W. Johnson, Joyes, Julian, Kaufman, La S6re, Letfier, {
Littleficld, Job Mann, Mason, MeClernand, McDonald, Me- j
Dowelt, McLanalian, Robert M. McUane, McMullen, Mc- j
Queen, McWilhe, Miller, Millson, Morris, Mois-e, OhK,Oir, i
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps. Powell, Riehardson, Bobbins, i
Robinson, Root, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fredeiick I
1\ Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, j
Thomas, Jacob Thomp-on, James Thompson, Win. Thomp- \
son, Venable, Waiden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Woodward, and Young—104.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
[Mr. Potter declined to vote, having paired off
with Mr. Bennet, of New York.]
question of privilege.
Mr. BURT rose, he said, to what he conceived
to be a question of privilege. A vote had just <
been taken to postpone the election of Doorkeeper
and Postmaster of this House until a period within
but a day or two of the constitutional term of this
House. He would submit with great respect to
the House, that, in the interval between that time
and the present, there would be no such officers as
Doorkeeper and Postmaster. And before he took
his seat, if the Chair should concur with him that
this was a question of privilege affecting the
House, he should offer a resolution providing* for
the contingency that had arisen. TheDoorkeeper
of the House was one of those officers who were
created at the first session of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States in
the year 1789. Under the resolution which had
been adopted by this House *■
Mr. ASHMUN interposed to a question of
order. He desired to inquire of the Speaker what
question there was before the House?
Mr. BURT said that he did not desire to proceed
with his remarks if not in order.
Mr. ASHMUN said, that if the gentleman would
offer his resolution, the House would know what
the question was to which the gentlemen was ad-
dressing his remarks.
Mr. BURT. I will then offer the resolution.
I have stated that the resolution was a matter of
privilege. I do not know that the gentleman from '
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] heard me.
Mr, BURT then sent his resolution to the Clerk's
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] proposes to offer the follow-
ing resolution, which will be read for informa-
tion.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That this House, having postponed till the 1st
day of March, 1851, the election of Dooikeeper, the Ser-
geant-at-arms of this House shall perform the duties of
Doorkeeper until the Doorkeeper shall be elected.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. ASHMUN said that he objected to its re-
ception.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the resolution is in order.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the Chair he so good as
to state on wjiat ground the resolution is ruled to
be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
grounds of the decision. The House, by a vote
on Saturday last, postponed the further execution
of the order of the House in relation to the elec-
tion of officers until the first of March, 1851. Un-
til that time has arrived, in the opinion of the
Chair, as expressed several times, it will not be in
order to proceed to the election of officers; but it
will be in order for the House to appoint tempo-'
rary officers, or persons who shall discharge the
duties of those officers. The position occupied by
the Doorkeeper and Postmaster is, in the opinion of
the Chair, this: they were elected by the House .
of Representatives of the last Congress. Under
the practice of former Congresses, from the first
Congress down to the present time, the old officers
of the previous House have continued to discharge
the duties of the respective offices until their suc-
cessors should have been elected. And the Chair
thinks that the officers of the last House can con-
tinue to discharge the duties of these offices in the
present House until their successors shall have
been elected—holding their offices, in the interval,
by the sufferance of the House. But the House
can at any time provide other persons to discharge
these duties. They are not the regularly elected
officers of this House, and they hold their offices
at the sufferance, and by the will, nf the House.
This being the state of the case, and the question
being one affecting the organization of the House,
the Chair decides that it is a question of privilege*
Mr. ASHMUN desired the Speaker to state
upon what ground he had ruled the resolution ot
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. BurtJ
to be m order. The Chair had given a construc-
tion to a rule of the House, but upon what ground
was it that the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Burt] could rise in his place and oner this
resolution without leave of the House? ^ ^ _
The SPEAKER. Upon the ground that it is a
question of privilege, affecting the organization of
the House. Suppose that the House were without
officers: would it not be a question of privilege
that the House should perfect its organization? Sup-
pose that the House desired to remove an officer
