1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im5
and widows weep alone. The sailor and the
marine are never seen at an election precinct, and
are not represented here.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mit/ler] select-
ed me as one of the enemies of the bill, and said
that he directed his remarks to me—that I was
one whe endeavored to fix amendments on the
bill which were intended to destroy it. Sir if
any amendment which I have offered is calculated
to destroy this bill, it is because an infusion of
the principles of equal justice is destructive to any
scheme which, under a promise of relief, shall
bring that sickness of the heart which comes from
hope deferred. I have offered an amendment
which gives to the soldier Treasury scrip bearing
interest, in the place of land, if he should choose
it. In this I have endeavored to preserve the
faithvof the Government in the pledge made of the
proceeds of the public lands for the redemption of
a loan. It was done in the case of the lands given
to those who served in the Mexican war. The
pledge was just, and Congress felt its obligation.
They intended to give the soldier, his widow,
father, or children, something, and fixed a min-
inum price for his land, and gave him scrip, if
these old soldiers, whose claims have been so long
deferred, are to be paid, why place them on worse*
terms than those of more recent services ? I would
like to see gentlemen endeavor to justify this dis-
crimination. I should like to see any man go to
the country, and to a collection of the yeomanry
of the country answer the question.
Why have those who served for a shorter time
than six months, been excluded, although called
out, wounded in battle, victorious in fight, and dis-
charged before the expiration of their time, and
the holiday soldier, who has served that time, re-
ceives his land? I should like to see him justify a
vote which excludes the sailor and the' marine,
whose wounds m the Mexican war are scarcely
healed, and why a chosen class are to be placed
above the heads of others equally deserving. The
gentleman says that I, a day or two since, de-
nounced the attempt to dispose of lands mortgaged
for the redemption of a public loan, as dishonest;
and that I expressed a willingness to dispose of a
much larger amount of the public domain than is
included in this bill. Sir, if he had attended to
my remarks, he would not have rendered it neces-
sary for me to answer his now. 1 did say that it
would be a breach of faith to dispose of lands ex-
pressly pledged for the redemption of a loan, with-
out the consent of the public creditor. I say so
now; and if it be done, if this hill pass'without
making some provision to redeem that pledge, it
will be a melancholy instance of repudiation—a
mortifying departure from the high position of our
fathers.
I offered the amendment to issue scrip, to en-
able me to vote for the bill. It was rejected by
those who pretended to be the special friends of
the soldier,—who look to the living, and refuse the
crumb of bread or cup of water to the widow or
the orphan. I desired to include all who had served
their country, and to make the bill as perfect as
possible, if a majority were determined to pass it.
It is partial and unjust to the living and the dead,
and I will not vote'for it. I said that if the lands
were to be confiscated; if this generation were de-
termined to be their own executors, I would claim
a share for my own constituents, and would pre-
fer to give the lands to the actual settler being an
American citizen. I am sick, sick and disgusted
with thai gratitude, which extends to select classes
of benefactors; that love for the old soldier which
explodes in fine spcechcs, and delivers him over to
the mercy of speculators,—which enables wealth
to monopolize the public domain, and leave home-
less and houseless the soldier's widow and chil-
dren, because he fell in battle, or by the stroke of
disease, before the passsge of this bill. I am willing
for others to enjoy all the glory of such an achieve-
ment—I do not desire it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BINGHAM moved the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section:
Sec. —. Be it further enacted, That no person shall be
entitled to receive any land under this act, until lie, his
liens, assume, or giantee^hall go mtothe actual possession
ot the land to which the soldier may be entitled. Jirul pvo•
d ui&l further, That no patent shalf be granted for any land
under this act until one year after actual occupancy by the
soldiei, his heirs, granteen, or assigns.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
IVlr. TUCK offered the following amendment:
Provided, That, in order to secure the land hereby
granted to actual settlers upon the public domain, and to
promote the speedy settlement thereof, and in order to pre-
vent the said granted lands from falling into the hands of
speculators and large landed proprietors, it is made an ex-
press condition ot the grant herein made, that no more than
three hundred and twenty acrrs of :*aid land, inany<ne
township, shaff ever be owned bv or for the benefit of any
one person, unless the title to such lands fall to such person
by inheritance.
Mr. GORMAN objected to the amendment as
out of order.
Some conversation occurred, after which
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. TUCK withdrew the amendment at the
request of
Mr. CROWELL, who renewed it, and said, he
did not think this amendment would be adopted,
although it was right, and ought to be adopted.
He thought it would not, from the fact that other
amendments equally proper, if a law of this kind
is to be passsed, had been rejected. One amend-
ment, introduced by a gentleman from Georgia,
[Mi'-Haralson,] and another by a gentleman from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, both of them meritorious and proper,
had been rejected. He had become satisfied that
no amendments would be adopted, howeverjustor
proper they might be. It was evident that we are
to take the dictation of a majority, to sit here all
day under the whip and spur of a caucus mandate;
that the oider had gone forth, and that every
amendment, however proper in itself, is to be voted
down. He denounced this tyranny con.cocted in
secret conclave, and to be carried out here. [Here
there were loud shouts of "California," "Califor-
nia."] The friends of California had not, to his
knowledge, met in caucus, but had come boldly
into this Hall, and made their propositions, and
given their votes, independent of any caucus dic-
tation, or any will, or any action of this kind, so
far as he knew. He was always in favor of free
discussion. His friend fsom the Ashtabula district
had almost fallen a victim to this caucus dictation
which emanated from the conclave of Saturday
night, and had voted against every amendment
which had been subsequently offered, for the pur-
pose of perfecting the bill. He was opposed to all
these secret proceedings. He thought that when
any amendment was offered, we should sit here
and consider it, and discuss itwithoutanydictation
or other inducementemanating in some other place
than in this Hall while the House is in session.
He denounced all that improper influence, and
would stand in opposition to any measure at-
tempted to be earned through by this kind of dic-
tation. He would never permit himself to be con-
trolled by the act of a secret caucus in his vote on
the bill. It was an outrage on the independence
of action which should always prevail here, and
the committee should indignantly rise and trample
this bill under their feet, as he did.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. GIDDHNGS, who renewed it. He re-
marked that it was not his intention to occupy the
five minutes allowed him by the rule; he was,
however, desirous of dropping one word to his
colleague, [Mr. Crowell,] who had such a dread
of the majority in this Hall—because he happened
to be in the minority—who felt that the Constitu-
tion of our country was so outrageous [a laughj
upon the rights of the minority here who were op-
posing the grant of a little bounty to the soldiers
m the late war, [renewed laughter]— j
Mr. CROWELL (interposing) said he had said i
nothing about ihe majority; but he had denounced
caucus-dictation. If his colleague wished to apol- j
ogize for that, let him do so. j
Mr. GIDDINGS wished he had a few moments j
to refer to the history of legislation in these halls !
for years past up to the present session. One of i
the two old parties has been in the ascendant and !
the other m the minority, and from year to year j
the majority has uniformly met together, concocted j
their measures, and concerted their plans to carry
out their policy and to pass then bills: and they
have succeeded. While his colleague and himself
were in the majority here [a laugh] they did it:
there was not a man here who had served in for-
mer Congresses, but had done it time and again.
Mr. CROWELL rose, amid culls to order and
confusion, which having m some measure subsi-
ded, he asked if he had ever met in caucus with
his colleague to perfect or concoct a single meas-
ure of legislation since Congress had met?
Mr. G1DDINGS. Not this session.
Mr. CROWELL. This session, or any other?
Mr. GIDDINGS understood that his colleague
went into a sort of double-yoked caucus, in which
both Whigs and Democrats met together at the
commencement of the session.
Mr. CROWELL said he did not attend it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman, then, was
probably dangling somewhere between heaven
and hell, having no abiding place and belonging to
no political party. [Laughter.]
This caucus (Mr. G. proceeded to say) of
which his colleague had so much dread, which
seemed to haunt him like a ghost, was nothing
more nor less than this: Gentlemen who were
friendly to the bill and were desirous to carry it
through the House, seeing the extraordinary op-
position which was made to it, met together to
concert measures to dispose of it. He (Mr. G.)
wanted it disposed of—whether it was passed or
rejected—he was not anxious as to the result. He
wished it ended. For the want of such an organi-
zation they had seen, and the country had seea
seven months of the session pass by without dis-
posing of any business, without effecting any im-
portant measures. This bill had occupied some
eight or ten days when it ought to have been dis-
posed of in half that number of hours. This was
the result of having no concerted action; yet his
colleague was now outraged, because there had
been concert on this particular measure. He
(Mr. G.) called the attention of the country fo the
serious, solemn fact, that nothing was done here,
no measure could be carried through. The old par-
ties—thank God!—were broken down; there was
but one organization in this Hall—that was the
Free-Soilers. [Laughter.] He did not say they
were in the majority; as often as the old parties
united against them they were voted down; but
they were organized, and were the only organized
party in this Hail, and the seven months history of
legislation showed it. Where was the Adminis-
tration party? Where was the Democratic party?
They were disbanded—broken to pieces—scat-
tered like sheep upon the mountains. They had
done nothing; they could do nothing; but, by the
grace of God, the Free-Soilers would take care of
the country, and of the old parties.
Mention had been made in regaid to a meeting
of the friends of California He had no horror of
meeting those friendly to admitting California im-
mediately, unconnected withot her matters. He
would meet Democrats and Whigs in caucuSt a$d
if the fri&nds of that measure would come together
and organize and act in concert, by the blessing of
Heaven, California might be admitted before the
close of the present week.
He hoped to see such a meeting, and he hoped
his colleague would attend, if this horror of caucus
dictation, which seemed to haunt his imagination,
to sit like the night-mare upon his troubled con-
science, did not frighten him from his duty.
But he repeated that he had risen merely to
soothe the feelings, to quiet the conscience of his
colleague in regard to this caucus, which so tor-
mented his waking dreams.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. KING of New Jersy offered the following
amendment, as a proviso to the bill, viz:
That before this act take?- effect, and nt fulfillment of tin*
19'h -ection ot the act of 2*tli January, 1847, there be set apart
thirtv millions ot"acre> of public lands to constitute aspecial
tuud in eharjie nl the Secret ay of the Treasury, and pledged
Ih'H'Uj for the full pavmt nt and redemption of the stock
ce.iti-d by the afoie-aul act; and thatihe Secrctary_of the
Treasury, in the execution of the duty imposed uporfhim by
thi> act, >hall be nuihoriv.td to locate (he said thirty mil-
lions acres of land, in ?ueh of the old States a* he may, m
his discretion, select; aiul in case of the >ale, under his di-
rection, ot all orany portion of><tul land, the proceeds shall
be appropriated to the extinguishment, by purchase or re-
demption, of t!«e public debt, and interest thereow, created
by- the aforesaid act or 28 th January, 1817; and after such
extmgui-hment, that tho balance ot anj- monevs belonging
to uaid special fund, shall he retained m the Treasury, sub-
ject to the usual appropriation by law ; and so much of said
tliirtv millions acre-; of land as remain unsold, shall then be
subject to law, in like manner the other public lands;
and that after -Mich piyment and redemption, the pubfie
lands o( the United states he di-cha:gKi from the pledge
now resting on the proceed? of the sal^s nf them, under the
9th section of the aforesaid act of 2Stu January, 1847.
Mr, K. said that he had no factious purpose
in view in offering this amendment. From the
commencement lie had seen that there was a strong
disposition to dispose of the public'lands. Ho
