192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21.
present Congress. It was, in effect, an.appoint-
ment of Mr. Horner and Mr. Johnson—an elec-
tion of these gentlemen—to be the Doorkeeper
and the Postmaster of the present Congress be-
cause by the law of usage—which was an estab-
lished law, and quite as authoritative,until repealed
by the action of this House, as any law that gov-
erned it—until the present House elected these offi-
cers, the officers of the preceding Congress hold
fhe offices, and enjoyed all the emoluments, and
performed alt the functions which, under the ruieof
the House, and under the Parliamentary law, per-
tained to them. The House had decided that to
be the case by postponing the execution of its
order. It was the law of usage of which he spoke
—usage which had passed into a law—a definitive,
authoritative law, that the officers of the preceding
Congress should be the officers of the present Con-
gress until their successors were elected. Under
this law, so long as the House was satisfied with
this state of things, these officers would act. If the
House should become dissatisfied, he admitted
thatthe House could elect theseofficers to-morrow.
But the House had said that they would not fur-
ther persist in the attempt to elect a Doorkeeper
and Postmaster; therefore, under the operation of
this law of common usage, Mr. Horner and Mr.
Johnson were the Doorkeeper and the Postmaster
of the present House of Representatives, in the same
way that the Clerk of the last Congress was Clerk
of the present Congress until an election had taken
place. He held, then, that the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] was
out of order, because the gentleman had proposed
to transfer from the Doorkeeper and the Post-
master the duties assigned them by the standing
rule of the House. There was an express rule
which said, that a proposition to change a standing
rule should not be acted upon the same day on
which it was offered. He held, therefore, that the
Chair had decided wrongly in deciding that the
resolution of the gentleman from South Carolina
was in order.
Mr. BURT remarking that he believed that the
whole subject had been opened by the course which
the debate had taken, said he desired to reply, by a
very brief statement, to the argument of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.] That gentleman
had sought to rest this question upon the ground
that under the rule of this House its officers were
to be chosen by election viva voce. And yet that
gentleman had not only advocated, but repeatedly
advocated, in this House, a proposition which he
now avowed was intended to continue the indi-
vidual who now sat on the Speaker's left (Mr.
Horner) as Doorkeeper of this House; thus avoid-
ing the rule. If the doctrine of estoppel applied
in this House, he appiehended that his friends on
the other side of the Hall would have their lips
sealed upon this question.
Mr. SCHENCK (Mr. Burt yielding for ex-
planation) said, so far from his having advocated a
proposition of that kind, he had several times
voted against entertaining such a resolution, and
lie had never until the very last time m which it
had been offered voted for it, and then merely be-
cause he had seen no prospect of organizing the
House otherwise, or of extricating themselves
from the difficulties in which they had so long
been involved in any other way than by allowing
the officers £>f the Icist Congress to continue to hold
their offices by sufferance.
Mr. BURT (resuming) said he was very glad
to hear the explanation of the gentleman from
Ohio, because really he thought the gentleman had
done himself very great injustice in giving the
vote which he had given. He had not heard the
gentleman at any time vote differently from his
party. But'having given that vote once, he
thought the gentleman would understand that
once to be sufficient to estop him.
But it seemed very obvious that the rule to which
the gentleman referred had no reference to the
proposition now before the House. That propo-
sition simply sought to enlarge the duties of the
Sergeant-at-atms of this House. Was not this
all? It did not seek to elect an officer. It did not
seek to divest anybody of the power which he now
possessed. But it merely increased the duties of
the Sergeant-at-arms until this House should do
what he (Mr. B.) held it to be its duty to do—
elect its officers. Their rule enjoined it, and it was
the duty of this House to proceed to this election.
He intended to say nothing to offend any one as to
the course which the majority of this House had
thought proper to pursue; he had no remarks to
make about it. But it was enough for him to sat-
isfy this House that that course left the Hou^e
without a Doorkeeper, and left the House without
a Doorkeeper until nearly the-close of this Con-
It ivas"admitted, if he had understood the gen-
tleman from Ohio' [Mr. Sciiencr] aright, that the
individual who was here acting as the Doorkeeper
of this House had no authority whatever, and
acted by the mere sufferance of the House. That
was all. He had understood the gentleman from
Tennessee who was last up, [Mr. Gentry,] to
argue that the Doorkeeper of the House, like the
Clerk of the House, having once been elected,
continued in office until his successor was chosen.
He thought the gentleman from Tennessee utterly
mistaken in that position. He (Mr. B.) had risen
to show that there was no other authority what-
ever for the Doorkeeper of this House than the
rule of this House. That rule (the seventy-third
rule) provided that y a Doorkeeper should be ap-
pointed for the service of the House." There was
no other authority for that office than that rule.
There was no law, there was /io resolution of this
House, and no proceeding of any nature which was
obligatory upon the House in reference to this mat-
ter. It should be remarked in considering this ques-
tion, that more than one-half of the members of this
House were not members of the last House, and
had never had any choice in the election of this
Doorkeeper. He was here against the wishes of
a majority of this House, as expressed on re-
peated occasions; he had been voted for time after
time, and had always failed to receive a majority of
the votes of this House.
Mr. PRESTON KING, (interposing,) rose,
he said, to a point of order, and contended that the
remarks of the gentleman from South Carolina
were irrelevant to the question before the House,
and out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is traveling rather out of the record.
Mr. KING. I ask, then, that the gentleman
take his seat
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina, being called to order, and being decided
out of oider, will take his seat.
Mr. BURT, saying " Certainly, sir," resumed,
his seat.
Mr. McLANE moved that the gentleman from
South Carolina have leave to proceed in order.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So leave was granted to Mr. Burt to proceed
in order.
Mr. BURT (resuming) said he was certainly
veiy much obliged to the House for the courtesy
they had extended to him. He had supposed that
the course which his honorable friends from Ten-
nessee [Mr.gentry] and from Ohio [Mr.saienck]
was irregular, and he had thought he was follow-
ing their course and replying to tl\eir arguments.
He understood, then, the precise question before
t/.e House at this moment to be upon the appeal
which had been taken from the decision of the
Chair. The question, then, being whether this
resolution related to a matter of piivilegeof the
I-Iouse, he apprehended that the whole House had
decided, for the last fortnight, that the election of
theofficeis of the House, or the appointment of
persons to perform the duties of Clerk, Sergeant-
at-arms, and Doorkeeper, was a matter affecting
the privilege of this House; for by the decision of
the Chair—which had been acquiesced in by the
whole House for the last fortnight—the resolution
to proceed to the election of these officers had had
precedence over all other business, and had par-
taken of the character of privilege. Thinking that
this proposition stood impregnably upon the same
ground, he was content to take his seat.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, rose (he said)
not to make a speech, but to remind the House
of afact. According to his recollection, this House
had passed a resolution directing the Dooikeeper
and Sergeant-at-arms to execute the rules of the
House. Therefore, not only by postponement of
the order for election, but also by resolution of
the House, they recognized the present .Door- j
keeper. They had a Doorkeeper by the solemn j
action of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said he had but a few
words to submit to the House upon the question
before it. The seventy-third rule requires that
" a Doorkeeper shall be appointed for the service
of the House.That rule remains in full force,
and cannot be repealed or evaded by a simple res-
olution to postpone to a remote day. It is binding
and obligatory upon the House, and under, it we
must act. The Constitution provides that " each
House may determine the rules of its proceeding,"
and that" the House of Representatives shall choose
their Speaker and other officers." The rules, we
have adopted determine that we shall have a Door-
keeper as "one of our officers, and we are bound
by these rules, under the Constitution, to appoint
this officer. It is not necessary that he be elected.
The rule says he " shall be appointed," and it is
competent for the House to appoint or designate
him by any means it may adopt. The resolution
which was passed, only puts off the election; it can-
not deprive the House of the power of appoint-
ment; and, sir, I had intended, had I been able to
get the floor, to move a resolution that the Speaker
do appoint a Doorkeeper to act until an election
by the House. But, sir, 1 failed to getting the
floor, and now the proposition comes to us in this
shape. It is competent for the House to entertain
it; it is bound, in my judgment, to act upon it.
It is contended by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] thatthe resolution of postponement
does in effect elect a Doorkeeper. If this is true,
then the only point of order which can be raised
against this resolution is, that it is not in order be-
cause we have a Doorkeeper already elected—and
not that he cannot be elected by resolution. By
claiming that they have thus made an officer by
resolution, they are estopped from objecting to an
appointment by the same means. Now, does the
resolution passed continue the Doorkeeper of the
last Congress as the officer of this Congress? and
if so, in what manner? The gentleman says that
usage in this respect makes law, and he compares
this office to that of the Clerk. Now, sir, I differ
from the gentleman very widely. The twenty;first
rule provides thatthe Clerk " shall be deemed to
continue in office until another be appointed."
This is the authority for the continuance of the
Clerk, andon the adoption of the rules he became
an officer of the House until superseded by an
"election. But there is no such rule in regard to
Doorkeeper. Now, how far can he hold over by
usage? Usage has generally retained him until
another election, and in nine ca^s outof ten that
election has been on the first day of the meeting of
a new Congress. I assert that there is no instance
of a Doorkeeper of one Congress holding over
through another Congress by usage. This position
failing, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gen-
try] takes the ground of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] and contends that he holds otfer
by general consent. If this is so, then the moment
that general consent is withdrawn, the tenure by
which he holds his office fails. Objection was made
yesterday by my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Sav-
age] to the old Doorkeeper. He withdrew his
consent to his holding over, and to his continuance,
and from that moment the Doorkeeper of the last
Congress ceased to have any power in this. It
was a personal privilege which the gentleman -from
Tennessee had a right to exercise, and its exercise
determined the continuance of Mr. Homer as one
of the acting officers of this House.
It is claimed that precedent has established the
rule for continuance. But, sir, precedent has
never.«held this office over but for a day, or at most
for a few days; but when it is proposed to continue
the old Doorkeeper in office through this entire
Congress, there will be found no precedent for this.
The force of precedent will be found exhausted.
I am satisfied that the ruling of the Chair is conect,
and ought to be sustained.
Mr. INGE said, with the hope to put an end to
this discussion, he would move to lay this appeal
upon the table.
Mr. HALL inquired of the Speaker what the
effect of laying the appeal on the table would be?
The SPEAKER was replying, when 
Mr. TOOMBS appealed to Mr. Inge to with-
draw his motion, to allow him (Mr. T.) to say a
very few words. .
The SPEAKER inquired whether thegentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Inge] withdrew the motion?
Mr. INGE declined.
Mr. BURT said he would appeal to his friend
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. INGE withdrew it.
