194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
4ay, at a remote period, for the election of a Door-
keeper, and was called upon to say who in the
-mean time should execute the duties of the office.
There could be no difficulty in the decision of this
question. It was agreed on all hands that the pres-
ent Doorkeeper only held the office by sufferance.
Now, it is perfectly competentfor the House to say
that he shall no longer continufe to hold the situa-
tion. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Sav-
age] had wiped away the whole title by suffer-
ance; and it now devolves on the House to deter-
mine what shall be done.
Mr.HILLIARD made a few remarks imper-
fectly heard.- He was understood as quoting, in
opposition to the declaration that the present Door-
keeper held the office by sufferance, the resolution
adopted by the House authorizing the Doorkeeper
to perform certain duties as to the admission of
persons to the ladies' gallery. Here the Doorkeep-
er was recognized by the express authority of the
House.
Mr. McLANE asked leave to call the attention
of the gentleman from Alabama to the argument,
which was, not what the Doorkeeper was required
to do, but who was the Doorkeeper; or, until his
election, who shall perform his duties.
Mr. HILLIARD admitted this, but stated that
the question, to which he addressed his remarks,
was, whether the Doorkeeper was here by suffer-
ance. He had been created Doorkeeper by the
authority given him by the House.
Mr. McLANE said he had presented the only
point he wished. It was to be decided by vote to-
day, not who is the Doorkeeper at this moment,
but who shall perform these duties until the House
elect in March, 1851.
Mr. McL. said he cared nothing in this discussion
as to who should eventually perform these duties;
the question should now be settled whether the
title by sufferance should be acquiesced in by a
majority of the House; if not, the objection of any
member would leave the House without a Door-
keeper whenever and as often as the objection
should be raised; hence, again, the question was
one of privilege or priority.
Mr. HALL moved that the appeal be laid upon
the table.
On this motion the yeas and nays were asked
and ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the Speaker to state the
effect of the motion, if it should prevail.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the motion
will be to sustain the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ASHMUN. I surest to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to substitute for his
motion, a demand for the previous question, so as
to bring: the House to a direct vote on the appeal.
Mr. HALL said, if there were any reasonable
prospect that the demand for the previous question
would be sustained, he would adopt the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
miw.] Not believing, however, that such would
be the lesult, he (Mr. H.) would adhere to his
motion.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said he was in-
formed that many members were absent from their
seats, and as it was desirable to have a full vote on
this question, he would move a call of the House,
and on that motion would ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McLANE withdrew his motion.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Hall that the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM rose to inquire what would
be the effect of the motion to lay on the table ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
if the appeal is laid upon the table, the effect will
be that the decision of the Chair will be sustained.
Such has been the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. And the House will then be
.brought to a direct vote on the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt]?
The SPEAKER. Yes—if the appeal is over-
ruled and the decision sustained.
The question, " Shall the appeal be laid upon
the table ?5,was then taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 101, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Mesfrrd. Albertsori, Ashe. Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bing-
ham, Bi-selJ, Bo< ock. Booth, Bowdon, Boyd. A. G. Bmvvn,
Win. J. Brown, Bnel, Bint, Jos. Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Campbell, Coit« r, Cievt-1 md, Williamson R. W. Cobb. C'oJ-
cock. Dam''I, Dimk-v, Dan bam, Darkle Edmundson. Ewmir,
"JfeathorHon, Fitch. Fti'h'r. Gsi .Gilmore, Gorman. Green,
Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, I«ham G. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Uihbatd, tloaijland, BoUtday, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kaufman, La Sdre, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason,
MeClernand, McDonald, McDowell, MeLanahan, Itobt. M.
MeLane, McQueen, McWillie, Milter, Millson, Morris,
Morse, Olds, Parker, Peaslee. Peck, Phelps, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Robbius, Robinson, Root, Ross, Savage. Sawtelle,
Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,
Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, Woodwaid, and
Young—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashman,Baker, Bokee, Breck, Bricgs,Brooks, Borrows, C.
Butler, Tlio^-. B. Butter, E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Casey, Chand-
ler, Clark, Clinsman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corivin,.Crow-
ell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, A. Evans, N.
Evans, Fowler, Kreedley, Gentiy, Giddings,Goodenow,Gotr,
Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Himpton, Hay, Raymond, lleb-
ard, Hcniy, Milliard, Holmes, Houston. [Jowe,Hunter. Jack-
son, James L. Johnson,Kerr, Daniel P. Kmu. Geo.^G. Kinsr,
James G. King, Eresston King, Horace Mann, Maisball, Mat-
teson, McKHsock, F. E. McLean, Meaeham, Moore, More-
Jread, Morton, Nelson, Nes, Neweli, Oirlc, Otis, Outlaw,
Phoenix, Pitman, Putn.im, Reed, Reynolds, Rislev, Rock-
well, Ro^e, Runjscv, Sfickctl, Schonok, Schermeihoin,
Schoolcraft, Sheppeid, Spalding, Sprague, Stanlv, Alexan-
der II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor. J. B. Thomp-
son, Toombs, Tuck,Underbill,Van Dyke, Walkuib, White,
Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—104.
So the House decided that the appeal should not
be laid upon the table.
[Mr. Kaufman stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Duer.]
The question then recurred on sustaining the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. ASHMUN". I rise for the purpose of say-
ins: that I understand there is on the Speaker's
table a message of an interesting character from
the President of the United States, and for the pur-
pose of getting at it, I ask the previous question.
[A message in writing from the President of the
United States, by the hands of Colonel Buss, his
Private Secretary, was received whilst Mr. Mc-
Lane, of Maryland, was addressing the House.
The message and accompanying documents were
exceedingly voluminous.]
The SPEAKER staled the question on the de-
mand of Mr. Astimun for the previous question.
And there was a second.
And the main question (being on sustaining the
decision of the Chair) was oidercd to be now
taken.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that there be a
call of the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion for a call of (he
House is not in order after the previous question
has been sustained.
Mr. BURT asked the yeas and nays on sus-
taining the decision of the Chair; which were
ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,and,
being taken, were—yeas 26, nays 172.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred and was taken,
4< Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?" and was decided in the
negative—yeas 101, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS—Albeitson, Auhe, Avcrett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bi^sel!, Boeock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, A.
G Brown, W. J. Biovvn, BueJ, Butt, Joseph Cable, G. A.
Caldwell, C;irt<'i, Cleveland, Williamson K W Cobb, Col-
cock, Daniel, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, TMmumNon,
Evvuiff, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Geirv, Gilniore, Gor-
man, Green, Hall, Hamilton, llaialson, Harlan, I^ham G.
Hams, Thomas L. Hams, Tlibbard, TJoogl.uid, Holliday,
Howaid, IJubbaid, Andrew Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, La Sere, Leffler, Lmleficld, Job Mann, Mason,
McClernand, McDowell, McLmmban, "Robert M McLane,
McQueen, McWillie, Miller,Millson, Morris, Mouse, Old*,
Ori. Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Riehaid-on,
Robbing, Robinson, Root, Ro«>s. Savage, SawtHle, Srdd<m,
Frederick P. Stanton, Kichard H. Stanton. Steison, Strong,
Sweetser. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
Williem Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, Wood. Wood-
Waid, and Young—101
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander. Alston, Anderson, Andrew^.
Ashman, Baker, Bokce, Brock, Bti <'s, Brooks, Burrow^
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Buller, E C. Cabell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Cla'k, Cling-
man, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crovvel!, Deberiry,
Dickoy, Divon. Duncan, Alexander Evan=, Nathan Evans,
Fowler. Freedley, Giddmg*, Goodenow, Gott. Gould, Giin-
rit'il, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Raymond, Hebard,Henjv,
Hilhaid, Holmes, Houston, Howe. Hunter, Jack-on, J. L.
Johnson, Kerr, Darnel P. Kmc. George G. King, Jame* G
King, Pieston Kins, H. Mann, Marshall, Matte* on, JVfeKis-
soek. Finis E. McLean, Meaebam, Moore, Morehcad. Mor-
ton, Nel-on. iVes, Newell, Ode, Otis, Outlaw. Owen.
Phfpni.v, Pitman, Putnam, Reed. Uevnolrk, Eitslev, Rock-
Weil, Rose, Rumsey, Saekett, Schenek, Schfimerhoi n,
Schoolcraft. Shepperd, Spaldnic, Sprague, tftanly, Alex-
ander H. Stenhens, Thaddeus Stevens. Ta\loi, John B.
Thompson, Toomh<, Tuck, Underhill. Van D\ ke, Vinton,
Wntktns, White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—104.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
And the resolution of thegentfeman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] was declared to be out of
order.
So the resolution was not received.
[Mr. Vinton stated that he had paired off;
with whom, the reporter could not hear.J
RULES OF THE'HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The question now before the
House is on the motion heretofore made by the
gentleman from Ohio, that the rules——
Mr. STANLY. I desire to call the attention of
the HouSe to the Executive documents on the
Speaker's table, in order that they may be printed^
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state the business before the House. The question
now before the House is on,the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the rules be suspended for
the purpose of enabling; him to submit a motion-
that the report of the Committee on the Rules be-
made the speeral order for to-day.
And the question, "Shaft the rules be sus-
pended?" was taken, and decided in the negative.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. BAYLY". I move that the House resolve
itself into Commitee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to enable me to offer the usual resolutions'
relating to the annual message of the President.
MESSAGES.
Mr. GENTRY said that there was a very sreat
anxiety on. the part of the two Houses of Con-
gress to know what the views of the present Ad-
ministration were upon a very important and'in-
teresting question. He understood that there was
now a message lying on the Speaker's table in
relation to that subject.
Mr. BAYLY. For the purpose of enabling
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] to
submit his motion, and for that purpose only, I
waive my motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope that I shall be allowed*
by the unanimous consent of the House, to move
that the message to which I refer be opened and
read.
The SPEAKER. There are now lying on the-
Speaker's table three Messages from the President
of the United States. The gentleman asks the
unanimous consent of the House that these mes-
sages be laid before it.
Is there any objection ? The Chair hears none.
The Speaker will lay the messages before the
House in the order in which they were received,
as the Speaker is not aware which is the message
to which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] refers.
THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the first
message.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, suggested thai!
the reading1 thereof should be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER said itwas usual for messages
from the President to be read.
Mr. GENTRY suggested that the House could
dispense with the reading.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. GENTRY moved that the reading of the
message be dispensed with, and that it be laid on
the table and printed.
, *The SPEAKER. Is there any objection that
this message be laid upon the takfe and printed ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire that it should be
read. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] insists on the reading.
Does the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gen-
try] persist in his motion ?
Mr. GENTRY. No, sir.
The message was then read as follows;
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
I herewith submit to you copies of a correspond-
ence with the Lady of Sir John Franklin, relative
to the well-known expedition under hi"§ command,
to the Arctic regions, for the discovery of a north-
west passage. On the receipt of her first letter,
imploring the aid of the American Government in
a search for the missing ships engaged in an enter-
prise which interested alPcivilized nations, I anx-
