1288*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
, ance in going back as far as 1790, so as to include
the regulars of Wayne's army, and then to close
its patriotic arms of benevolence, it is made to
approach the confines of the Revolution, but then
and there to fold its arms. It is far from my feel-
ings to say anything in derogation of the high
merit of the soldiers of the war of 1812—the war of
'^commercial independence." They are fully en-
titled to my grateful sympathies, and I only regret
that such amendments have not been incorporated
in this bill as would justify me in.giving them
some stronger evidence of this fact than a bare
declaration. But, Mr. Chairman, are the other
recipients of the bounties of this bill possessed of
such a claim on our national gratitude as that we
would feel justified in providing moscbountifully for
them, while at the same time we most stubbornly
refuse to aid and assist those designated in my
amendment? This discrimination is, in my opin-
ion, unjust, unwise, and improper.
I have heard some objections made to the amend-
ment—that it is not confined to survivors, but in-
cjuding the representatives of those who have long
since died. In answer to this objection, I will ob-
serve that the same provision is found in the resolu-
tion of 1776; and it strikes me that if there was reas-
on andjustice in theextension of the bounty at that
time to the representatives, the like extension at
the present time, when so few of those noble wor-
thies survive, is much more reasonable and just.
I hope, for the character of the bill, that the
amendments will be adopted.
The question wasjaken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. PARKER offered the following amend-
ment:
" dnd provided further, That Hie benefits of this act shall
in nowise innure to any person, or to those claiming under
any person, who in any of said wais employed a sulialilauj
to serve in his stead ; but the sump, shall innure to such sub-
stitute, and those claiming under Mm."
. Mr. PARKER said, in offering this amend-
ment, he desired to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the propriety of adopting the provision
it contained. Its object was.to secure to the per-
sons who actually performed the services, the ben-
efits proposed to be conferred by this act, and to
exclude from those benefits those who, instead
of performing service, had employed others to
take their places. He was sure lliat this object
would be approved by gentlemen on all sides of
the House. It might perhaps be said that such a
<9 provision was unnecessary; butifgentlemen would
look back to former legislation, if they would refer
to an act that was parsed in 1814, authorizing the
employment of a substitute, and relieving the per-
son thus employing a substitute at his own ex-
pense, from the performance of further militia du-
ty, they wbuld find that it contained an express
stipulation that such substitute should have the
benefit of the bounty land. This provision must
have been inserted because the framers of that act
thought that without it, they would not obtain
the bounties granted by it. If it was necessary to
insert such a provision then, it is necessary now;
and he desired that this bill should contain a sim-
ilar provision. He wished the bounty to be en-
joyed by him who performed the service, and not
by him who aat idly at home whilst his country
was in danger.
He knew very well what would be the fate of
the amendment. He understood and appreciated
the reasons why gentlemen opposed every amend-
ment. It was, that if one be admitted, the door
is opened for others, and this bill will be smoth-
ered like that for which it is offered as a substi-
tute. And if the friends of the bill desired that it
should not be pressed, although he was anxious
that the principle should be recognized, he would
withdraw the amendment; but m doing so, he
trusted that no further amendments would be
offered, and that there would be an end of this
strife, for it was perfectly evident that no amend-
ment could be adopted. Gentlemen who desired
that the bill should be amended must look to the
other tnd of the Capitol for the accomplishment
of their wishes. He would withdraw the amend-
ment, then, in the hope that the committee would
at once, proceed to the vote upon the substitute. '
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK, remarking that he would make
one«nore effoit to perfect the bill, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
That no assignment of any warrant for bounty land
issued under ihe provisions of this bill, or of any interest
therein, shall be valid in law, but shall be utterly void, un-
less such assignment he endorsed by the warrantee or war-
rantees, or his or their legal heirs, on the warrant itself, at-
tested by two witnesses., and acknowledged before a justice
of the peace or some other officer authorized to take the
acknowledgment of deeds.
Mr. S. said: It will be observed, that this is
virtually the same amendment as that I last of-
ered. I propose by it, at least, to accomplish
the same object. My colleague, across the aisle,
[Mr. Potter,] has suggested to me, that all that
is provided in the third section of the substitute,
as to a transfer before patent is, that the bounty
land shall not be' subject to any lien or execution
for debt prior to the issuing of the patent. The
bill still leaves the warrant assignable, only de-
claring that such assignment, or any sale made
before the warrant is issued, shall be"void. The
defect, then, and the chance for frauds and cheat-
ing, are precisely the same—identical with the
present existing law granting bounties to the sol-
diers of the Mexican war. I have said enough
about the advantage that was taken of the soldiers
by speculators, evading arid circumventing the
provisions of that law. I will not repeat what is
so notorious, and so well understood. I have
modified my amendment now, so as to make it
conform exactly to the language of the bill, and to
carry out and make certain the security against
fraud, which the framers of this bill seem to have
designed, though they have not effected it. The
words warrant and warrantee, are inserted instead
of patent or patentee. Let it be made indispensa-
ble that the assignment of the* warrant shall be
made, and with due form of solemnities, and at-
testation, upon the warrant itself, and there can
be no transfer until after it has issued, and come
into the possession of the person entitled. There
will be no purchasing then of a "soldier's claim"
for a mere song, or on speculation; but when he
sells, he will sell land, or its admitted equivalent,
and know its worth, and get something like its
true value, or the full market price of his warrant.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. POTTER, who renewed it and said: Like
his colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] he had seen the de-
fect in this bill, and had also prepared an amend-
ment which he had intended to offer, with a view
to remedy that defect. He stood here as one of the
firm and original friends of this bill, and had voted
against every amendment which had been offered.
Noonehad stood by the bill from first to last more
resolutely than he had done. He agreed with his
colleague that the bill was defective, and required
this amendment. Some of the friends of the bill
had suggested that it would be better to omit the
amendment at this time, as these propositions only
tended to destroy the bill, and it would be better
to leave it to be amended at the other end of the
Capitol. He did not wish to have the bill sent
back from the Senate with an amendment, which
would lead to a repetition of this scene.
In the last bounty land bill the warrants were
not assignable, and the consequence of this omis-
sion was, that they depreciated in value, and
fell down to thirty or forty dollars. The amend-
ment of his colleague was intended to remedy this
defect. He hoped that the amendment would be
agreed to.
He renewed the amendment.
Loud calls for the question.
Mr. ROOT moved that the committee rise. Re-
jected.
Great confusion, and loud calls for the question.
The question, recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Schenck, was taken by tellers, Messrs. Beale
and Fowler, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following amend-
ment:
" And the provisions and benefits of this act shall extend
to all iMilm* who were engaged m the petionnance of ac-
tual military duties on land in California during thelate war
with Mexico."
Mr. S. said: f will offer this one amendment
more, to test the disposition of those who have ta-
ken this bill and subject into their peculiar keeping.
I was at first inclined to vote for a bill having the
general objects of this in view; but I desired to see
it made as sar'e, and just, and equal, and perfect as
possible in its provisions. This is not allowed.
Gentlemen repel the support which would be given
on those conditions. I cannot, consistently with
my notions, go for it, unless I may be at liberty
to legislate understanding^, with a view to ac-
complishing in the best way 1 know how some-
thing like the object desired.
The bill has been objected to,wbecause it does not
embrace and provide fairly and equally for all
those who have fought for the country, and who
are entitled to your bounty, if any is to be granted.
But every proposition looking to amendment in
that particular has been rejected. I have tried to
have it made more perfect in its character by
necessary provisions against frauds that will be
practiced upon the objects of your bounty; but
neither is that allowed. One of the constant and
ardent friends of the bill, and who helped you to
frame it in its present shape, my honorable col-
league, [Mr. Potter,] has admitted that it was de-
fective and wrong, and open to objection in that
particular; and he exhorted those who are acting
with him to allow my amendment to go on, as
being right and nectary. But it has been all
unavailing. You acknowledge, many of your-
selves, that it requires amendment; but none is to
be permitted. [Cries of " None at all," from
the friends of the bill.] No, the decree has gone
out, and like the laws of the Medes and Persians,
the rule of your caucus is inexorable, and there is
to be no change, however needed. [Cries of
"No," (t No change." " No amendment."}
This bill—this substitute for the original bill which"
you have cooked up, is to be passed, I see, and
passed precisely in the shape in which it is pre-
sented, without regard or listening to any objec-
tion, reasonable or unreasonable. The pill is to be
swallowed, with eyes shut, just in the shape and
of the size, that you have prepared it, and no
other, [laughter, and cries of " Yes," "Just so."]
Yourcub is not to be licked into any shapely form,
however unsightly it may be; but must be sent out
to take its chances for life, with all its deformities
upon it, as you have produced it to the world.
[Laughter.] Well, I am content to submit; and
will let it go now for my part, without further
trouble about it, or any other offer to amend.
One word only as to this which I have now pro-
posed for the benefit of sailors. 1 have confined
it to a particular instance of service by seamen on
shore, just to see whether the friends of the bill
really desire to do equal and even-handed justice
to those who have fought in your wars. I have
confined it to the conquerors of California. That
El Dorado, with its golden sands and glittering
rocks—that country which you profess to prize
above all the acquisitions of territory, won by con-
quest, and then secured by treaty, from Mexico—
that portion of our possessions was actually con-
quered and made ours by the sailors of the Pacific
squadron, unaided by the army. They were taken
from their ships, mustered into companies, and
drilled to military duty ashore. You even had Jack
put on horseback there, and made a cavalry soldier*
a dashing dragoon, much to his discomfort, unac-
customed as he was to equestrian exercise. But
he bore it all and more, and went through his duty
on land bravely and zealously. He became, as
well as your naval officers there, amphibious m
his habits, and succeeded in his new element, as
well as upon that to which he was more used. He
was made to drag heavy cannon from the ships*
over rocks and desert and rough places, with im-
mense labor, equalled only by his patience, to
Cmdad de los Angeles, the capital of the coun-
try, and took possession before the soldiers were
marched to his aid. And why will you give Jack
no land? Why does he not participate in your
bounty, when these are his acknowledged services
even ashore, on the field where alone it seems lands
as well as laurels are to be won? I am afraid it is
only because Jack has no vote in your congres-
sional elections. He lives afloat. If the sailors
were scattered about through the interior of the
country, where they could take part in the elec-
tions, I suspect Jack, too, would be provided for.
Pending the question—
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the committee
rise, and asked tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Butler,
of Connecticut, and Albertson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 54, noes 83.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck, was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The question recurring on the substitute—.
