1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
iously sought the means of affording that assist-
ance, but was prevented from accomplishing the
object I had in view in consequence of the want of
vessels suitable to encounter the perils of a proper
exploration, the lateness of the season, and the
want of an appropriation by Congress to enable
me to furnish andequip~an efficient squadron for
that object. All that I could do, in compliance
with a request which I was deeply anxious to
gratify, was to cause the advertisements of re-
ward, promulged by the British Government, and
the best information I could obtain as to the means
of finding the vessels under the command of Sir
John Franklin, to be widely circulated among our
whalers and seafaring men, whose spirit of enter-
prise might lead them to the inhospitable regions
where that heroic officer and his brave followers
who periled their lives in the cause of science and
for the benefit of the world, were supposed to be
imprisoned among the icebergs or wrecked upon
a desert shore.
-Congress being now in session, the propriety
and expediency of an appropriation for fitting out
an expedition to proceed in search of the missing
ships, wilh their officers and crews, is respectfully
submitted to your consideration.
Z. TAYLOR.
Washington, January 4, 1850.
On motion of Mr. GENTRY, the message was
then laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
CALIFORNIA AND NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following message:
Washington, January 21,1850.
To the House of Representatives
of the United States :
1 transmit to the House of Representatives, in
answer to a resolution of that body, passed on the
31st of December last, the accompanying reports
of heads of Departments, which contain all the
official information in the possession of the Execu-
tive asked for by the resolution.
On coming into office I found the military com-
mandant of the department of California exercising
the functions of civil governor in that Territory,
and left, as I was, to act under the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo without the aid of any legislative
provision establishing a government in that Terri-
tory, I thought it best not to disturb that arrange-
ment, made under my predecessor, until Congress
should take some action on that subject. I there-
fuie did not interfere with the powers of the mili-
tary commandant, who continued to exercise the
functions of civil, governor as before; but I made
no such appointment, conferred no such authority,
and have allowed no increased compensation to the
commandant for his services.
With a view to the faithful execution of the
treaty, so far as lay in the power of the Executive,
and to enable Congress to act at the present session,
with as full knowledge and as little difficulty as
possible on all matters of interest in these Territo-
ries, I sent the Hon. Thomas Bctler King as
bearer of dispatches to California, and certain offi-
cers to California and New Mexico, whose duties
are particularly tlefined in the accompanying letters
of instruction addressed to them severally by the
proper Departments.
I did not hesitate to express to the people of
those Territories my desire that each Territory
should, if prepared to comply with the requisitions
of the Constitution of the United States, form a
plan of a State constitution, and submit the same to
Congress, with a prayer for admission into the
Union as o State, but I did not anticipate, sug-
gest, or authorize, \he establishment of any such
government without the assent of Congress, nor
did I authorize any Government agent or officer to
interfere with or exercise any influence or control
over the election of Delegates, or over any Con-
vention, in making or modifying their domestic
institutions, or any of the provisions of their pro-
posed constitution. Oil the contrary, the instruc-
tions given by my orders were, that all measures
ot' domestic policy adopted by the people of Cali-
fornia, must originate solely with themslves; that
while the Executive of the United States was de-
sirous to protect them in the formation of any gov-
ernment republican in its character, to be at the
proper time submitted to Congress, yet it was to
be distinctly understood that the plan of such a
government must at the same time be the result of
their own deliberate choice, and originate with
themselves, without the interference of the Exec-'
utive.
I am unable to give any information as to laws
passed by any supposed government in California,
or of any census taken in either of the territories
mentioned in the resolution, as I have no informa-
tion on those subjects.
As already stated, I have not disturbed the ar-
rangements which I found had existed, under my
predecessor.
In advising an early application by the people
of these Territories for admission as States, i was
actuated principally by an earnest desire to afford
to the wisdom and patriotism of Congress the
opportunity of avoiding occasions of bitter and
angry dissensions among the people of the United
States.
Under the Constitution, every State has the right
of#es?tdblishing, and from time to time, altering its
municipal laws aad domestic institutions, inde-
pendently of every other State and of the General
Government, subject only to the prohibitions and
guarantees expressly set forth in the Constitution
of the United States. The subjects thus left ex-
clusively to the respective States, were not designed
or expected to become topics of national agitation.
Still, as under the Constitution, Congress has
power to make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the Territories of the ynited States,
every new acquisition of Territory has led to 4is-
cussions on the question, whether the system of
involuntary servitude which prevails in many of
the States should or should not be prohibited in
that Territory. The periods of excitement from
this cause, which have heretofore occurred, have
been safely passed; but, during the interval, of
whatever length which may elapse before the ad-
mission of the Territories ceded by Mexico as
States, it appears probable that similar excitement
will prevail to an undue extent.
Under these circumstanees I thought, and still
think, that it was my duty to endeavor to:put it in
the power of Congress, by the admission of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico as States, to remove all
occasion for the unnecessary agitation of the public
mind.
It is understood that the people of the western
part of California have formed a plan of a State
constitution and will soon submit the same to the
I judgment of Congress and apply for admission as
| "a State. This course on their part, though in ac-
| cordance with, was not adopted exclusively in con-
' sequence of any expression of my wishes, inas-
much as measures tending to this end bad been
; promoted by the officers sent there by my prede-
cessor, and were already in active progress of
execution before any communication from me
reached California. If the proposed constitution
shall, when submitted to Congress, be found to
be in compliance with the requisitions of the Con-
stitution of theUnited States I earnesty recommend
that it may receive the sanction of Congress.
Ths part of California not included in the pro-
posed State of that name, is believed to he unin-
habited, except in a settlement of our countrymen
in the vicinity of Salt Lake.
A claim has been advanced by the State of
Texas to a very large portion of the most populous
district of the Territory commonly designated by
the name of New Mexico. If the people of New
Mexico had formed a plan of a State government
for that Territory as ceded by the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, and had been admitted by Con-
grcss as a State, our Constitution would have af- |
forded the means of obtaining an adjustment of
the question of boundary with Texas by a judicial
decision. At present, however, no judicial tribu-
nal has the power of deciding that question, and it
remains for Congress to devise some mode for its
adjustment. Meanwhile I submit to Congress the
question, whether it would be expedient before
such adjustment to establish a Territorial Govern-
ment, which, by including the district so claimed,
would practically decide the question adversely to
the State of Texas, or by excluding it, would de-
cide it in her favor. In my opinion such a course
would not be expedient, especially as the people of
this Territory still enjoy the benefit and protection
of their municipal laws, originally derived from
Mexico, and have a military force stationed there
to protect them against the Indians. It is un-
doubtedly true that the property, lives, liberties,
and religion of the people of New Mexico are
better protected than they ever were before the
treaty of cession.
Should Congress, when California shall present
herself for incorporation into the Union, annex a
condition to her admission as a State affecting ner
domestic institutions contrary to the wishes of her
people, and even compel her temporarily to comply .
witn it, yet the State could change her constitution
at any time after admission, when to her it should
seem expedient. Any attempt to deny to the peo-
ple of the State the right of self-governmest in a
matter which peculiarly affects themselves will in-
fallibly be regarded by them as an invasion of their
rights; and, upon the principles laid down in our
own Declaration of Independence, they will cer-
tainly be sustained by the great mass of the Ameri-
can people. To assert that they are a conquered
people, and must as a State submit to the will of
their conquerors, in this regard, will meet with no
cordial response among American freemen. Great
numbers of them are native citizens of the United
States, and not inferior to the rest of our country-
men in intelligence and patriotism; and no language
of menace to restrain them in the exercise of an
undoubted right, substantially guarantied to them
by the treaty of cession itself, shall ever be uttered
by me, or encouraged and sustained by persons
acting under my authority. It is to be expected
that in the residue of the territory ceded to us by
Mexico the people residing there will, at the time
of their incorporation into the Union as a State,
settle all questions of domestic policy to suit them-
selves.
No material inconvenience will result from the
want, for a short period, of a Government estab-
lished by Congress over that part of the Territory
which lies eastward of the new State of California;
and the reasons for my opinion that New Mexico
will at no very distant period ask for admission
into the Union are founded on unofficial informa-
tion, which I suppose is common to all who have
eared to make inquiries on that subject.
Seeing, then, that the question, which now ex-
cites such painful sensations in the country, will
in the end certainly be settled by the silent effect of
causes independent of the action of Congress, I
again submit to your wisdom the policy recom-
mended in mv annual message of awaiting the salu-
tary operation of those causes, believing that we
shall thus avoid the creation of geographical par-
ties, and secure the harmony of feeling so neces-
sary to the beneficial action of our political system.
Connected, as the Union is, with the remembrance
of past happiness, the sense of present blessings,
and the hope of future peace and prosperity, every
dictate of wisdom, every feeling of duty, and every
emotion of patriotism, tend to inspire fidelity and
devotion to it, and admonish us cautiously to
avoid any unnecessary controversy which can
either endanger it or impair its strength, the chief
element of which is to be found in the regard and
affection of the people for each other.
h Z. TAYLOR.
The message having been read—
Mr. VENABLE moved that it be referred, with
the accompanying documents, to the Committee on
the Territories.
Mr. BAYLY said he would suggest to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] that
it would be better that the message should be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. It required no action by the Com-
mittee on the Territories, but was a general sub-
ject pertaining to the Union.
I' Mr. VENABLE, in reply, could scarcely be
| heard on the left of the Chair; but he was under-
i stood to say that he had no very particular wish
i upon the subject. He desired that the message
i and documents might be printed, and although it
; seemed to him that the-subject properly belonged
1 to the Committee on the Territories, yet ir the
House thought that it should go to the Committee
| of the Whole on the state of the Union, he would
a°Mr^CLINGMAN. I do not know that I ex-
1 actly understand what the motion is. If it is to
! refer the message to the Committee on the Tem-
i tories, I am a member of that committee, and there
! are some opinions contained in the message upon
! which, if the subject is debatable, I desire to sub-
mit a few remarks. Is the motion to print and to
refer debatable..' . ...
The SPEAKER. The motion to print is de-
batable. The motion to refer is also debatable,
