1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Thus the competition by this country is dimin-
ishing and its products decreasing, which will raise
the value of the foreign product, and enable the
manufacturers of Europe to realize success and
profit from us by the ruin of our own laborers.
But this is not the worst aspect of the thing.
Trade being founded on the exchange of the com-
modities of labor, the difference between making
and exchanging commodities with our own people
and exchanging them with foreigners is this: if
the Pennsylvamans make iron to the value of a
million of dollars, there is so much wealth created
by our laborers for their comfort and enjoyment;
and if they sell it to Ohio, where it enters into
consumption, Pennsylvania realizes a million of
dollars. ' But Ohio acquires the means of payment
by her industry, and therefore her laborers have
the privilege of producing commodities to raise this
million of dollars. There is thus produced by the
interchange, two millions* worth of the products of
industry—one by the sellers and one by the buy-
ers; both of which go to support and comfort the
laborers engaged in the production, as well as to
enrich and strengthen the country.
But if Ohio sends to a foreign market for the
iron, then Pennsylvania must lose a million of
dollars, and the foreign country, where the iron is
bought, gains that sum. The privilege of making
the iron is transferred to foreigners, and we lose
what they gain—the value of it. There can be but
one equivalent for this loss. If the laborers of
Pennsylvania who would have produced this iron
can find other employment, by which they can by
their industry call into existence commodities to
the value of a million of dollars, then such earnings
may take the place of the iron. But all experience
shows that such a transfer is difficult, if not impos*
sible. Substitutes of new employment are by no
means easily effected, even if laborers are qualified
for it. The history of a crisis is told in a few
words. Excessive importations make goods ruin-
ously cheap; our markets become overloaded; our
mills, our shops, and furnaces are shut up, either
because the proprietors are ruined, or to escape
ruin: the balance of trade accumulates against us;
and, as a last resort, when w§ have nothing else
to supply us, we send away our coin to en-
rich the foreign laborer and to sustain foreign shops
and mills. This state of things proves'that labor
is inactive and incapable of exerting its energies
successfully to supply the wants of the country,
which grows poor under the operation.
Nor doe3,it require any wide difference in value
between foreign and domestic productions to cause
a ruinous condition of things, by driving us abroad
to seek supplies instead of obtaining them here.
If the foreigner can place a commodity in our
market at fi ve per cent, less than it can be afforded
by our producers, this is just as fatal to their suc-
cess as fifty per cent.; for no man will engage in
the production with a certainty of loss before him.
" JLet us, then, look into a supposed state of facts,
not improbable, and see what results may happen
in prosecuting such views as are now advocated.
Suppose we have the capacity to produce thiee
million dollars' worth of woolensannually, and we
take them all of foreigners because we can obtain
them five per cent, cheaper than our laborers can
afford to make them: we should save nominally on
that amount one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars; but to gain that, the country would lose the
privilege of earning by its own labor three millions
of dollais, and we should be compelled to add to
that a heavy sacrifice upon the raw material, which
would cease to find a market here. 1 might add to
this, that the moment our shops and mills cease
to be the competitors of foreign .productions, the
value of such productions will rise. It is quite
time, sir, that Congress should devote its attention
to the claims which the public have upon its con-
sideration.
The memorial was laid on the table.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of naval
surgeons and others, physicians and citizens of
Norfolk, "Virginia, and a memorial of the profes-
sors of the University of Virginia, asking that the
rank of medical officers of the navy may be assim-
ilated by law to that of officers of like grades in the
medical staff of the army; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITION FOR RELIEF OF THE INSANE.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of D. L.
Dix, asking a grant of public land for the estab-
lishment of an asylum for the indigent curable and
incurable insane in the United States. In present-
ing this memorial—
Mr. P. said : This memorial comes from a lady
of well-known practical benevolence, who unites
in her own character all the graces and virtues
which adorn her sex, and who has devoted her
time and taientsfor a number of years to theame-
lioration of the condition of that class of our citi-
zens for whom she asks relief. She has gathered
from public documents—and very largely from her
own experience and observations—a variety of
facts, of which she has made a simple statement,
which, of itself, constitutes the most touching ap-
peal to our sympathy I have ever read. The me-
morial shows that the number-of insane in the
United States at the taking of the last census was
about eighteen thousand; and that this number at
the present time has swollen to more than twenty-
two thousand. A singular view presented is, that
this class of unhappy sufferers in the United States
is more numerous, in proportion to our population,
than in any other known country; and this seems to
be referable to the fact, that there exists in no other
country such freedom of civil, political, and re-
ligious institutions, and of course that there is no-
where else the same variety and numberof causes
of mental excitement. Skillful physicians, expe-
rienced in the management of the insane, have
demonstrated how much may be done for the cure
and improvement of thatciass,by means properly
adapted to their treatment; and the facts collected
by this lady show how deplorably destitute the
most of them are. Not to mention numerous
cases of individual suffering, most harrowing in
their details, I beg leave to read an extract from
her memorial, in which she sums up the results of
some of her observations:
"I repeat that these institutions, liberally sustained as are
most of them, cannot accommodate the insane population
of the United Slates who require prompt remedial care.
" ft may be suggested that, though hospital treatment is
expedient, perhaps it may not be absolutely necessary, es-
pecially for vast numbers, whose condition may be consid-
ered irrecoverable, and in whom the right exercise of the,,
reasoning faculties may be looked upon as past hope.
Rather than enter upon a philosophical and abstract argu-
ment to prove the contrary to be the fact, I will ask per-
mission to spread hefore jou a fevs statement*, gathered,
without special selection, from a ma«s of records made from
existing cases, sought out and noted during eight years of
sad, patient, deliberate investigation. To insure accuracy,
establish tacts beyond controversy, and procure, so lar as
possible, temporary or permanent lehef, more than sixty
thousand miles have been traversed, and no time or labor
spared which fidelity to this imperative and grievous voca-
tion demanded. The only States as yet unvisited are North
Carolina, Florida, and Texas. From each of these, how-
ever, I have had communications which clearly prove that
the conditions of the indigent insane differ in no essential
degree from those of other Slates.
" I have myself seen more than nine thousand idiots,
epileptics, and insane, m these Un'ted. States, destitute of
appropriate care and protection; and of this vast and most
miserable company, sought out in jails, in poor-houses, and
in private dwellings, there have been hundreds, nay, rather
thousands, hound wilh galling chains, bowed beneath fetter*
and heavy iron balls, attached to drasj-chains, lacerated with
ropes, scourged with rods, and terrified beneath storms of
profane cxecrauons and cruel blows; now subject to gibes
and scorn, and torturing tricks, now abandoned to the mo^t
loathsome necessities, or subject to the vilest and most out-
rageous violations. These are strong terms, but language
fails to convey the astounding truths."
The memorialist then gives the scenes she has
witnessed in detail, and says :
" I pass by without detail nearly one hundred examples of
insane men and women, in filthy cells, chained and hobbled,
together with many idiots and epileptic^ wandering abroad.
Some were confined m low, damp, dark cellars; some
waited their wretched existence in dreary dungeons, de-
serted and neglected. It would be fruitless to attempt de-
scribing the sufferings ot these unhappy beings tor a day
even. What must be the accumulation of the pain* and
woes of years, consigned to prisons and poor-houses, to
cells and dungeons, enduring every vanety of pnvation—
helpless, deserted of kindred, tortured by fearful delusion?,
and suffering indescribable pains and abuses. These are no
tales of fiction. I believe that there is no imaginable form
of seventy, of cruelty, of neglect, of every sort of ill man-
agement for mind and body, to which I have not seen the
insane subject in all our country, excepting the three-sec-
tions already defined. As a general rule,ignorance procures
the largest mca>uie of these shocking results; but, while
of late years much is accomplished, and more is proposed,
by far the largest part of those who suffer remain unre-
lieved, and must do so, except the General Government
unites to assist the several States m this work."
The views of Miss Dix have been fully ap-
proved by a convention of medical men, engaged
in the superintendence of institutions for the in-
sane, recently assembled in Boston.
I will add, Mr. President, that although the la-
bors of this lady have procured munificent dona-
tions from wealthy and benevolent individuals,
and noble grants from some of the States, the un-
fortunates for whom they are iptended are not yet
by any means adequately provided for. Thesev
means are probably not more than sufficient for
one fifth of them. She therefore appeals to the
General Government for further assistance.
Allow me to say further, sir, that there is noth-
ing by which the age in which we live is so much
and so favorably distinguished from the most glo-
rious of those which "have preceded it, as the at-
tention now paid to the rights of suffering human-
ity. This is one of the glories that cannot be
claimed for the past; and 1 am sure that no prouder
or more enduring monument to the true glory of
the United States can be raised, than an adequate
provision for that class of people who, of all oth-
ers, are most entitled to our sympathy and carfe.
This memorial was presented about two years
ago, but was not then acted upon. It is now pre-
sented with such alterations and additions as ex-
perience and observation have suggested. I move
its reference now to a select committee, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair, and that it be printed.
Mr. PEARCE moved that the committee be ap-
pointed by the Chair; which motion having been
agreed to—
The VICE PRESIDENT named the following
as the select committee: Mr. Pearce, Mr. Ben-
ton, Mr. Davis of Massachusetts, Mr. Dickin-
son, and Mr. Bell.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the resolution of the Legislature of Michi-
gan, on the files of the Senate, in favoi of granting alternate
sections of land for public works in that State, be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
several memorials of clerks in the military bureaus
of the Government for an increase of salary, re-
ported a bill to provide for the classification of the
clerks in the military bureaus, and to equalize
their salaries; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of Al-
exander Y. P. Garnet, assistant surgeon United
States navy, asking compensation for extra ser-
vices, submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Alexander Y. P. Garnet; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTER
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate the report of the recotmoissance of
Lieutenant Whiting, of the engineer corps, in the State of
Texas, and recently submitted by hnri io the Engineer De-
partment, together with the map accompanying the same.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing D. M.
Hunter, ot the State of Alabama, to relinquish to the United
States certain lands purchased by huu, a list of which is fur-
nished, and that he be permitted to ent«-r other lands in lieu
thereof which are subject to entry at private sale.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion ;
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report ofMes?rs,
Fo&ter and Whitney on the geology of the copper lands
of the Lake Superior district, communicated to the House
of Representatives by the Secretary ot the Inteuoi, ba
printed and bound for ihe use of the Senate, and that three
hundred copies thereof be furnished to the Smithsonian In-
stitution for distubution.
The Senate having proceeded to consider the
said resolution, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. RUSK, in- pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for two
additional regiments of cavalry; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of' land
to the State of Arkansas in aid of the construction
of the military road from Memphis to St. Francis;
which was a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the Senate
