198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
but only to a limited extent. Then, addressing
Mr. Vestable, the Speaker said, "What is the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina?"
Mr. VENABLE. I move the printing of the
message, and its reference.
The SPEAKER. To what committee ?
Mr. VENABLE. To the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. CLINGMAN. During the last Congress
it was considered proper, on a motion to print
documents, to enter into the merits of the subject
to which they related. Am I to understand, that
this matter is open to remark? If so, I wish to
submit a Tew observations to the House.
The .SPEAKER said the subject was debatable.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that the
hour was growing late, and that if the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. ClingmanJ desired to
speak, and would give way for a motion to ad-
journ, he (Mr. T.) would submit that motion.
This would be the first question before the House
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER said the Chair did not desire
that the House should adjourn under a misappre-
hension. If the House should adjourn, this would
not be the first business in order to-morrow.
Mr CLINGMAN. if it suits the views of
gentlemen that the subject should be made the
special order for to-morrow, I am content. I do
not wish to detaiu the House now; but i am in-
clined to say something, either to-night or to-
morrow. The House can consult its own dispo-
sition, and t shall cheerfully yield to it.
Mr. CARTER moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has the floor.
Mr. WINTHROP said, he understood the
Chair to say that this would not be the first busi-
ness in order to-morrow, and the Chair was un-
doubtedly right. But would not the Chair qualify
the remark by saying that it would be the first busi-
ness in order when the "House proceeded to the
business on the Speaker's table. After one hour
had been given to the reception of reports from
committees and to resolutions, a motion would be
in order that the House proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table; and then
this question would be first in order.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. CLINGMAN (upon this understanding of
the state of the question) said, he would yield the
floor for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, made the
motion, which was decided in the affirmative.
And thereupon the House adjourned.
By Mr. HAMILTON: The memorial of 47 citizens
of Mount Savase, Maryland, asking a reduction of postage.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS,
Leave was granted to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers having reference to the establishment of
a Branch of the Mint of the United States in the city of
New York; and they were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
AI«o, leave was granted to withdraw the papers of Mrs.
W. W. Drinker, for claim of pension, from the files of the
Hou=e; and they were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PHELPS save notice that on to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act providing for
the payment of hordes and other property lost in the mili-
tary service of the United States.
PETITION'S, See•
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and were referred.
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of Thomas W. Bol-
ton, Robert Smims, John Rnv, and K>9 others, pia\m2 Con-
gress to abolish the office of Chaplain wherevei it mav eAi-st
by ifs authority; which was referred to the Committee on
the Jtidicjarv.
By Mr. ROBBJNS: The petition of Mr*. Mary B. Rice,
of Philadelphia, praurig tint a pension may be granted he>
as the widow of \Vilh.mi Ilice, m consideration of seivices
rendered in the wai of Mexico. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. YOUN(t: The memorial of Thomas Threlkeld
and 24 others, reftionstratinj? ajrainst the appropnation ot
our national funds for the support of a national cleigy foi
the Houses ot Comjres-i, for the army and navy, for military
purposes, and Indian stations. Referred to the Committee
on the Judjemiv.
By Mr. FREEDLKY: The petition of Jacob Drinkhouse,
Esq., late of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, a revolu-
tionary soldier, for aid.
Mi. BOICEE moved that the petition of Charles W. Bab-
bitt, for compensation as aetmg carpenter in the navv,be
taken from the files aad leferred to the Committee on Naval
Affaii"!.
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of Samuel IMerrifield. claim-
ing bounty land on account of the services of John A. Mer-
rifield, deceased.
Also, the memorial of-ttndry citizens of Kentuckv, asking
the abolition of the office of Chaplain under the authority
of the United Slates.
By Mr. GfDDIPv'Gtf : For the abolition of the internal
slave trade—from Solomon J. Banks and .">6 othei citizens
of Philadelphia; and fiom T. Moms and oQ other citizens,
also of Philadelphia.
For adopting bv Congress niea^uies of general peace—
from Benjamin Sanders and 64 other citizens of Martins-
burg, Ohio.
For the exclusion of any new State whose constitution
does not exclude slavery—from the Society for the Abolition
of Slavery in Philadelphia.
A petition for repealing so much of existing laws as estab-
lish eourts of the United States in South Carolina.
The petition of Green Plain Meeting of Congregational
Friends, for the abolition of the Army and Navy.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 21, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary, showing the names of,
and the salaries allowed to, persons in his office.
Also, a report from the same, showing the ex-
penditures from the contingent fund of the Senate
during the vear ending the 2d December, 1849.
These communications were read, laid on the
table, and the motion to print referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Interior, j
commumcatit1£ the papers in relation to the appli-
cation of John A. Rogers for a pension.
Also, from the same, a report, made in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 7th
instant, calling for statements in relation to the
public lands.
Which were read, laid on the table, and the
motion to print referred to the Committee on
Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial'of
Mary Smith Whetmore, widow of the late Major
Alphonso Whetmore,an officer in the war of 1812
with Great Britain, asking that she maybe al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, a statement of the claims, &c., of Thomas
Allen against the United States, for printing the
Compendium of the Sixth Census; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of New-
ark, New Jersey, asking an appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation of Newark bay
and the Passaic river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY presented a petition of citizens of
New York, setting forth the advantages that had
resulted to England from cheap postage, and ask-
ing that Congress will extend the same benefits,
by fixing a maximum of two cents on all prepaid
letters; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
'Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of the United States, asking a reform in the
land system; which he desired might be read, and
it was accordingly read, as follows:
"The updeisigned, citizens of the United Rates, respect- I
fully lepresent: That, in their opinion, the system of land •
traffic, mipoiLed to this countiy from Europe, is wrong in
principle ; that it is debasing us to the condition of dependent
tenants, of which condition a rapid increase of inequality,
pauperism, misery, vice, and crime are the necessary conse-
quences; and that, therefore, now, in the infancy of the Re-
public, we should take effectual measures to eradicate the"
evil and establish a principle more in accordance with our
republican theory, as laid down in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence ; to which end we propose that the General Gov-
ernment *hall no longer traffic, nor permit traffic in the pub-
lic lands yet in its possession, and that they shall be laid out
in fai m? and lots for the free use of such citizens (not pos-
sessed of other land) as will occupy them,allowing the set-
tler the liirhtto dispo-e of hi« possessions to any one not
■possessed of other land, and that the ]Utisdiction of the public
lands be referred to the States or Territoiios only on condi-
tion that such a disposition should be made of them.
"The expelled aristocracy of European despotisms are
buying np out lands for speculation, while American repub-
licans aie homeless. The case admits of no delay."
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Archer, of Washington city, asking for the
survey and location of a railroad from the national
metropolis to the Pacific Ocean, with specification
and estimate for a commercial road of three tracks
the whole distance, showing where the ways and
means are to be found without taking a dollar from
the#national treasury; together with a statement
showing the advantages the said road would have
on the foreign and domestic trade of the United
States and commerce of the world; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Mrs.
Morris Foot, widow of Lyman Foot, late a sur-
geon in the army, asking a pension; which, with
the papers of Lyman Foot on the files of the Sen-
ate of the Twenty-third Congress, was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I am also requested by a
number of citizens of New York to present a pe-
tition praying for the action of Congress for the
adoption of some form of national arbitration as a
substitute for the evils of war. I am requested by
the petitioners to commend the object 'of their pe-
tition to the consideration of the Senate. It is an
object of a character the importance of which wilt
be admitted by all. * I can only say, that the char-
acter and moral worth of those whose signatures
are attached to this petition give it all the respect-
ability which can be desired.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition from citi-
zens of Arkansas, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Little Rock to Fort Smith, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee o""n
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of the
heirs of Richard Hartshorn, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee.
Mr. COOPER presented resolutions passed by
the General Assembly of the State of Pennsylva-
nia in favor of the construction of a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific, on the plan pro-
posed by Asa Whitney; which were ordered .to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, five petitions fiom miners, merchants,
manufacturers, and other citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, asking the readjustment of
the tariff of 1846, and the imposition of specific
duties in the place of ad valorem, with a proper
discrimination in favor of domestic manufactures;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial of
the heirs of the legal representatives of Daniel
Morgan, an officer of the army of the Revolution,
asking permission to locate on any unappropriated
land the unsatisfied portion of a bounty land war-
rant issued to their ancestor; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of the
legal representatives of William Carmichael, ask-
ing compensation for diplomatic services at the
Court of Madrid; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial from the Maryland State Ag-
ricultural Society, asking the establishment of a
Bureau of Agriculture; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Racine, Wisconsin, asking an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
at that place; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of Ame-
lia Sophia Catharine Whetmore, widow of Leon-
idas Whetmore, asking to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs:
Mr. BERRIEN. I present the memorial of the
Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Darien, Geor-
gia, asking the erection of a marine hospital at
that place.
The memorial states that during the past year a
great number of vessels arrived in that port, and that
many of their crews were taken sick, and a great
number died. There were no means of adminis-
tering the ordinary attentions which they required,
but those which were afforded by the personal lib-
erality of the citizens, who defrayed these expen-
ses from their own resources. They sustained
and nursed the sick during their illness; and it
seems to me highly proper that an appropriation
should be made to compensate them for the money
thus expended. I move that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of the legal representatives of John R. Cham-
pagne, asking indemnity-for French spoliations
