1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
to take up Senate bill No. 16, being a bill granting
to the State of Mississippi the right of way and a
donation of public land for the purpose of locating
and constructing a railroad from Brandon to the
eastern border of said State,.in the direction of
Montgomery, Alabama.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The committee who reported ;
this bill have reported an amendment, which is to I
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
a substitute: ,
That the right of way through the public lands be and ihe
same is hereby granted to the State of Mississippi for the
construction of a raihoadfrom Brandon, in said State, to
the eastern border of said State, in the direction of Mont-
gomery, in the State of Alabama, with the right also to take [
necessary materials of earth, stone and timber, from the
public laijds of the United States, adjacent to said railroad, ,
for the construction thereof: Provided, That the right of
way shall not exceed one hundred feet on each side ol the ,
len2th thereof; and a copy of Ihe survey o( said road, made '
under the direction of the Legislature, shall be forwarded
to the proper local land offices respectively, and to the Gen- ,
eral Land Office at Washington eity, within ninety days
after the completion of the same. [
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be and is
hereby granted to the Slate of Mississippi, for the purpose
of aiding in making the railroad aforesaid, every, alternate
section of land designated by even numbers, for six sections
in width on each side of said road ; but in case it shall ap-
pear that the United States have, when the line or route of |
said road is definitely fixed by the authority aforesaid, sold i
any part of any section hereby granted, or that the right of ;
preemption has attached to the saine, then it shall be lawful ,
for any agent or agents to be appointed by the Governor of
said State to select, subject to the approval of the Secretary :
of the Interior, from the lands of the United States most (
contiguous to the tier of sections above specified, so much
land in alternate sections or parts of sections as shall be I
equal to such lands as the United States have sold, or to !
which the light of preemption has attached as afoiesaid, I
which lands, being equal in quantity to one half of six sec-
tions in width on each side of said road,the State of Mississip-
pi shall have and hold to anil for the use and purpose afore-
said : Provided, That the lands to be so located shall m no
ca e be further than fifteen miles from the liue of the road : ,
Jlnd irrondcd, further, That the lands hereby granted shall
be applied in the construction of said road, and shall be dis-
posed of only as the work progresses, and shall be applied ,
to no other purpose whatsoever: Jlnd provide!, further, \
That any and all laijds reserved to the United States by any
act of Congress, for the purpose of aiding in any object of
internal improvement, or in any manner Tor any purpose
whatsoever, be and the same are hereby reserved to the
United States from the operations of this act, except so tar
as It may be found necessary to locate the route ot the said
railroad through inch leserved lands.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts ofse.tioasof land which, by such gram, shall remain
to the United States within six miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the jmnimutn
pi ice of the public lauds when sold.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said land
hereby granted to the said State shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature theierif, for the purposes aforesaid,
and no other; and the said railroad shall be and remain a
public highway, for the use of the Government of the United
States, fiee from toll or other charge upon the transporta-
tion ot any property or troops of the United Slates.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the said railroad
shall not be completed within ten years, ihe said State of
Mississippi shall be bound to pay to Ihe United States the
amount which may be received upon the sale of any part of
said lands by said State, the title to the purchasers under
said State remaining valid; and the tnle to the residue of
said lands shall reinvest in the United Slates, to have and
hold the same in the same manner as if this act had not
been passed.
SEp. 6. Jhut be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall at all times be transported on said lailroad, under
the direction of the Post Office Department, at such price as
Congress may by law direct.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment proposed by the
committee makes this bill conform entirely with
those bills that have already passed the Senate,
for purposes similar to that sought to be accom-
plished by this bill. It is different somewhat
from the bill which I introduced into the Senate.
The main differences are these: it allows the land
to be taken at a greater distance from the road
than was originally proposed, and increases the
price of the reserved sections to two and a half
dollars per acre. I have been opposed to both of
these alterations, believing, as I do, that keeping
the lands at the minimum price is the most likely
way to bring them into market, to cause them to
be settled upon and improved, and thus to make
them available to the Treasury of the United
States. But I shall not, on this occasion, make
any objection to the amendment the committee
have offered.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
then reported to the Senate, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
other amendment, the question is, shall the bill be
engrossed for a third reading ?
Mr. CHASE. I understand that this bill pro-
poses to give to Mississippi six miles instead of
five, "as proposed in the forfner bill. I-had sup-
posed that, so far as that was concerned, the bills
should all be alike, and I make no objection to the
bill as last reported on that head. I doubt, how-
ever, the expediency of so much of it as relates to
raising the price of the reserved sections. One of
the original grants for similar purposes was made
to the State of Ohio, and the price of the reserved
sections was fixed at two dollars anda_halfper
acre. The result has been to retard the popula-
tion of that portion of the State. It has prevented
the bringing of all that land into market, and has
proved a serious injury instead of a benefit. There
is now an application here to reduce the price of
these lands. I shall be very glad if this bill, as
well as the others, may be passed without the in-
crease of price; for if this increase of price is
adopted, I am satisfied that one State after another
will come here with an application to reduce the
price of these lands, and we shall have again to go
over the whole business.
But, sir, there is another reason why the amend-
ment should not be adopted. I think that the true
policy of the Government is to give the land to
the actual settlers; but, instead of doing that, we
are here proposing to increase the price. Yes, sir,
we are talking of increasing the price instead of
giving a part of the land, at least, to actual settlers,
by whose labor the value of the remainder would
be increased when brought into market. I will
make a motion to strike out so much as relates to
the increase of the price of the lands. It is to
strike out the third section of the bill, as proposed
to be amended.
Mr. SMITH. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I wish to say a very few
words on this subject. The committee have re-
ported all these bills in conformity with what has
been the practice of Congress on this subject. If
it was the purpose of the honorable Senator from
Ohio to bring this question to the consideration of
the Senate, it is to be regretted that the Senator
did not make the motion when we had the first bill
of this kind before us for consideration. Now, I
have no difficulty at all in saying that I would
most cheerfully adopt the rule of policy suggested
by my honorable friend. I am among the number
of those who doubt exceedingly the policy of in-
creasing the price of the intermediate sections
which are reserved to the United States. If the
two Houses of Congress were prepared to say that
they would grant the alternate sections for the
purpose of encouraging these works of internal
improvement, and would be satisfied, without
seeking an equivalent by doubling the price of the
intermediate sections, I for one would most cheer-
fully acquiesce in the measure. But I have sup-
posed that Congress was not prepared at present
to adopt this rule of policy. It has been the uni-
form practice of the two Houses of Congress, from
the time that these grants were first made to the
States, in order to aid these objects of internal im-
provements, to seek an equivalent to the Treasury
of the United States, by doubling the price of the
intermediate sections reserved to the United States.
Now, whatever may be the opinion of the Senator
on this subject, I doubt exceedingly whether the
bill can become a law, or whether any bill can be-
come a law, and receive the sanction of the two
Houses of Congress, which shall grant the alter-
nate sections to any State in the Union for the
purpose indicated in this bill, unless we shall se-
cure to the Treasury of the United States an equiv-
alent, by increasing the price of the intermediate
sections of the public land. It will be recollected
by the Senate, that there has been no difficulty
hitherto in carrying bills of this kind through
the Senate. A very considerable number passed
the Senate at the last session of Congress, and
they went to the House of Representatives,
and there met with strenuous opposition, which
defeated them. I am confident that any bill which
shall be framed on any other principle than that
which is contained in this bill, will share the same
fate at the hands of the present House of Repre-
sentatives. I have not, therefore, the )e8St hope
or expectation that any bill will pass through
Congress except it contains the principle of this
bill." And as we have already passed two or three
bills drawn in conformity with this bill, I trust the
Senate will reject the amendment of the honorable
Senator, and pass this bill according to the princi-
ples which have been sanctioned by this body.
Then, if at any future time it shall be deemed ex-
pedient to take off this increase of price, I for one
shall be prepared to vote for the measure. I pre-
sume that every member of the committee will have
no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that the
public would obtain an abundant equivalent for the --
reduction of the price of the public lands in the de-
velopments of industry, and the facilities secured
to the Government for the transmission of the
mails, and in many other particulars which I need
not designate; that we would obtain an ample
equivalent, and would consult the public interest in
a high degree, by making grants without requiring
.an increase of the price upon the intermediate sec-
tions. But, inasmuch as we have passed several
similar bills, it seenis to me it would be highly in-
expedient to place this on a different footing. If
this bill shall pass, and others which are before the
Senate, we can take up the subject at a future time,
and pass a general bill, applicable to all cases
which shall come before us, and apply the princi-
ple indicated by my honorable friend, so that"
all cases may stand exactly upon a footing of
equality.
In regard to another subject which has been
alluded to by the honorable Senator, it seems to me
not proper to enter into a discussion of it at this
time. It is a large question, whether we are to
embark in the system of giving away the public
lands. There are many questions involved in that-
subject, which I may take occasion to give my
views upon, if the question should come before the
Senate. One thing I would remark, that at the
very moment that principle is adopted, theie is an
end of all power, through the instrumentality of all
these appropriations, to aid in the construction of
any railroad or canal. When you concede that
they are to be given away to actual settlers, not
only these alternate sections, but all the school
lands, and every single acre granted by way of
bounty; will be utterly valueless. But I will not '
dwell on this subject. It is not now before the
Senate. The question is, whether we shall pass
this bill on a different footing from those which
have been passed. The Senate will come to the
conclusion, I think, that we ought not to do it. If
my honorable friend contemplated bringing this
question before the Senate, he should have done
so when we had the bill for the Illinois railroad
before us.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope, after the explanation of .
the Senator from Connecticut, the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his amendment,and allow this
bill to pass on an equal footing with those which
have been already passed. If it turns out to have
been impolitic, we can repeal it hereafter. But
still, sir, I am not only willing, but I am exceed-
| ingly anxious, that this bill should pass with this
I section in it, under all the circumstances. I think
; it will be better that it should pass with this third
j section in it, than that any serious delay shall
| occur. I hope the Senator from Ohio will with-
j draw his amendment, and allow the bill to pass at
the present time.
Mr. CL$.Y. I ask that the bill may be laid on
the table, in order that it may be taken up again
to-morrow, the hour having arrived for taking up
the order of the day.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was laid
on the table.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
: of the special order of the day, being the bill to
admit California as a State into the Union, to es-
! tablish territorial governments for Utah and New
J Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
II establishment of her western and northern bound-
ij aries.
The question before the Senate was the amend-
ment oftered yesterday by Mr. Soule.
Mr. SOULE resumed and concluded the speech
which he commenced yesterday in support of his
amendment; and which speech will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. DOUGLAS obtained the floor, and yielded
to—
Mr. PEARCE, on whose motion the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
