198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
•with a view of benefiting any particular locality,
but for the promotion of the general interests
connected with the navigation of the Ohio river.
It answered the purpose for a long series of years,
but gradually there has been a bar formed in the
channel that was proposed to be left open, to such
an extent as to impede materially the passage of®
boats between Cumberland Island and the Ken-
tucky shore.
The honorable Senator from Alabama asks me
if the committee has reported. The committee
has made no report; they rely upon the report
which has been made by the Topographical Bu-
reau, which goes over the whole ground. The
nature of the obstruction has been fully pre-
sented in that report, which has been prepared by
skillful and scientific officers. The proposition is
either to remove the dam altogether, or to repair it
so as to make it efficient—if it can be made effi-
cient—for the purpose for which it was originally
intended. If it can be made to answer the purpose
originally intended, it will be a great public benefit.
It affects the commerce and business of nine or
ten States. Western. Pennsylvania, western Vir-
ginia, and all the States lying along the Mississippi
are concerned in it—Louisville, Cincinnati, Pitts-
burg, and all the towns along the Ohio river, as
well as New Orleans, are interested in the naviga-
tion of the Ohio. I cannot say that it is precisely
connected with the interests of Alabama, but all
the other States bordering on the Mississippi and
Ohio, the Upper Mississippi as well as the Lower,
the Arkansas and Red Rivers, are directly and
immediately interested. All the trade and inter-
course between the sections I have mentioned are
involved; and, sir, the State of Tennessee has a
very great interest in this matter. The interest
that I feel in this work is not only on the score
of the general interests of the trade and naviga-
tion of the Ohio, but especially on the score of
the navigation of the Cumberland river—one of
the finest rivers in the country, as the gentleman
from Alabama well knows. All the cotton, to-
bacco, and corn of Middle Tennessee, with the
great amount of iron, lumber, and red cedar passes
down that river; and, what may surprise some
gentlemen here, the trade in staves for the supply
of the French market is very great on that river,
for it is stocked with a very large proportion of
the finest lumber for that purpose, all of which
finds its outlet by that river.
The Cumberland river, in consequence of this
obstruction, is likely to be blocked up, and its
whole commerce seriously impeded. This has
been, to some extent, the case for four or five years;
not by means of the dam directly, but owing to
the formation of a broad bar at the foot of Cum-
berland Island, where the river widens, and there
is not a sufficient current to keep the channel open.
In consequence of the impossibility of keeping the
channel open, owing to the formation of this bar,
the navigation of Cumberland river is likely to be
obstructed for two-thirds of the year, in such a
manner as to place a most onerous burden on the
commerce of Middle Tennessee. It is for this
reason that I feel a particular interest in this mat-
ter; but the interests of our commerce generally
are of still more importance. If the dam is re-
moved, the obstruction may be in a great measure
remedied; but the engineer estimates that it will
be far cheaper for the Government to repair the
dam than to remove any portion of it sufficient to
open the navigation on the Illinois side of the
island. In the opinion of professional gentlemen
and engineers, it would be better to repair the dam
than take it away.
Mr. CLAY. I did not understand that there
was any difficulty or error originally in the con-
struction of the dam. On the contrary, it has
contributed very greatly to the advantage of the
navigation of the river; but then, sir, artificial ob-
jects of this kind require occasional reparation.
This dam has not been repaired. On the contrary,
it has been neglected for several years, and the
obstruction has been getting more and more seri-
ous every year. If there had been a timely ap-
plication of money for the repair of the dam, it
would now be performing the purpose which was
intended; hut it is owing to neglect in repairing it
that the obstruction has arisen.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I heartily subscribe
to all that has been said by the Senator from Ten-
nessee in regard to the vast importance of the un-
obstructed navigation of the river Ohio to the
adjacent States. It has been my fortune to have i
gone down the Ohio river, not on board the Old ,
Hickoi"y, but on board some steamer, the name of
which I have forgotten—I believe it was the Henry
Clay—and sir, we stuck upon every bar, and we
were an unusual number of days getting down the
river, principally in consequence, as we were told
by the commander of the boat, of these dams.
They are so constructed that, instead of improving
the navigation of the river, they have rendered it
almost impassable in a low state of the water; and
if they had been taken away altogether the navi-
gation would have been better. They were in-
tended as an improvement, but they have turned
out to be anything but an improvement.
Sir, I have ever been in favor of lending the aid
of the Government to the improvement of the navi-
gation of this great thoroughfare. My votes have
been recorded over and over again in favor of ap-
propriations of this kind; but unless there is some
means devised by which the money can be ex-
pended so a3 to be beneficial, and in some degree
permanent, it is a useless expenditure of the pub-
lic money. We know, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky knows as well as any member of this body,
that the expenditures made under appropriations
of Congress for internal improvements ofany kind,
either for canals or harbors, .or for the improve-
ment of rivers or of roads, have always, under the
management of those in whose hands they have
been placed, cost double as much as was neces-
sary , and the work when done generally of a very
inferior description, and rarely answered the pur-
pose intended.
Now, sir, I do not rise with a view to oppose
the bill; my own desire is that these obstructions,
which we have created by an injudicious expendi-
ture of money, shall be removed, and let the Ohio
river flow in its natural channel. That, it appears
to me, would be much fhe better way. I believe,
sir, from what I have observed myself, that if all
the so-called improvements that have been made
were removed, the navigation of the river would
be greatly benefited. I should like, therefore, that
we should have some assurance that the bill itself
should make some provision by which this money
will be so expended as to remove these obstruc-
tions, instead of being spent m repairing them.
The temporary repair spoken of by the Senator
from Kentucky, will not answer any valuable pur-
pose. I shall offer no opposition, however, to
this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will not enter,
Mr. President, into a discussion of the general
system which has been recommended by the Top-
ographical Bureau, in relation to works of internal
improvement. I have greater objections to the
system itself than I have to the manner in which
it is proposed to be carried out. Nor, on the
other hand, will I follow the distinguished Senator
from Alabama, in his remarks on the bars in the
Ohio river. I have had much experience in rela-
tion to those bars; and I might say to him, if com-
pelled to enter into the reminiscence of those ex-
periences, as was said by iEneas to Queen Dido,
when she required him to relate the history of the
downfall of Troy,
" Thou commanded me to renew unutterable grief."
But this is a peculiar case, and I rise merely to
make a statement connected with it.
The question is, whether we shall remove the
dam which has been placed there by the Govern-
1 ment, or whether we shall repair it; and I hold
! that the Government having placed an obstruction
! in the natural channel of the river, and thereby
i interrupted the navigation, they have committed a
i nuisance which they are bound to abate. Now
: the question is, whether it can be most effectually
abated by reconstructing such portion of the dam
as is broken, or by removing what may remain in
the channel.
When this question was before the Senate on a
| former occasion, I recollect it was said that the
! dam had been destroyed; but by )eference to the
report of the Topographical Bureau, it will be found 1
that the dam has not been destroyed, but a portion
i of it onlv has been beaten away by masses of float-
! in£ timber and ice. Something more than two-
; thirds of the whole extent of the dam is as perfect
j as it was at first; but one extremity of it, which
■ was improperly constructed, has been washed
; away, and this is the cause of the injury which
the navigation has sustained. The dam was in-
i tended to stretch from Dog Island, on the Illinois
shore, to Cumberland Island, on the Kentucky
shore, so as to form a channel along the Kentucky
shore, by the deflection of the current. So long
as the dam remained unbroken the water was so
deflected, and an artificial channel created along
the Kentucky shore; but the extremity of the dam
which approaches Cumberland Island having been
washed away, the force of the current was thrown
upon the head of the island. The longer the work
is delayed the greater will be the extent of the
damage, and the greater the expense attending its
repair.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator yield the floor
for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the
special order of the day ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no wish to stand in the
way of proceeding with the special order, and, as
I have r- ally very little more to say, I give way.
Mr. FOOTE. I perceive that the hour for the
consideration of the special order has arrived, and,
with the Senator's permission, I will move that
this subject be postponed.
Mr. BELL. Let it be made the special order
for to-morrow?
Mr. BUTLER. I hope not; there are several
other important subjects to be considered by the
Senate
Mr. BELL. I will throw no obstruction inth&
way of other questions, but I gjve noticc that I
will ask that the consideration of this bill be re-
newed to-morrow morning.
Mr. CLAY. I hope it will be passed over in-
formally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLAY. Certainly, it can be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. KING. Let it be laid upon the table, it
can be called up at any moment.
Mr. CLAY. Very well; very well.
The bill was accordingly laid, upon the table.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, viz: the resolution offered
some days since by Mr. Foote, which resolution
is as follows:
" Resolved,- That it is the duty of Congress at this session
to establish suitable Territorial Governments for California,
lor Deseret, and for New Mexico."
Mr. CASS spoke at great length upon the sub-
ject. [This speech will be found in the Appen-
'dix.] Mi>. C., without concluding, gave way,
at the suggestion of Mr. Clay, to a motion to ad-
journ; but the Senate went into Executive session,
and, after some time spent therein—
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 22, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. FEATHERSTON, leave
was granted to introduce a bill to aid the State of
Mississippi in reclaiming swamp and overflowed
lands therein; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, leave was
granted to introduce a joint resolution to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy, in the procurement of
hemp for the use of the navy, to purchase Ameri-
can water-rotted hemp; which resolution was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PECK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a resolution, which was read
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of refunding to the
State of Vermont the moneys expended by that State in her
endeavors to maintain our neutrality in the Canadian diffi-
culties ; and that the committee report by bill or otherwise,
Mr. HOLMES asked that the resolution might
be again read.
And it was read accordingly.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was received and adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, the title of which was read
for information: i( A bill grantinga pension to Dan-
iel Story."
Mr. PRESTON KING objected, remarking
