1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
that he thought these bills' should come from a
■committee.
So the bill was not introduced-
Mr. HALL asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a bill of whieh previous notice
had been given.
The title of the bill was read for information,
as follows:
" A bill granting the right of way to the State of
Missouri, and an appropriation of public lands,
to make a railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph,
in said State."
Objection was made by Mr. PRESTON KING.
So the bill was not introduced.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose and asked
leave to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. LEFFLER inquired what was theregular
■order of business.
The SPEAKER explained.
THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a privileged question.
He desired to move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the message received yesterday from the
President of the, United States relative to the Arctic
expedition under the command of Sir John Frank-
lin,'had been laid upon the table,
Mr. W. was understood to say (though very
doubtfully heard) that at the time this message
was disposed of, the House was anticipating a
second message on another topic, and that he was
sure that it was without any intention to show
•disrespect to the Executive, and from no indiffer- ,
en'cc on the part of the House to the subject-mat- I
ter of the message, that it had been laid upon the
table instead of being referred to the Committee j
on Naval Affairs. i
The vote having been reconsidered, the message
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The resolution of Mr. Evans was then read, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce lie instructed
to inquire into the propriety of making an appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor of Havre de Grace, m Mary-
'iand-
Objection having treen made, the resolution was
not received.
Mr. BINGHAM desired to withdraw certain
papers from the files of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected, and
insisted on the regular order of business.
reports from committees.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the call of the committees for
reports.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee^ of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the joint reso-
lution from the Senate limiting the expenses for
collecting the revenue from customs for the pres-
ent fiscal year, reported the same back, with a
substitute for the first section, as follows:
Resolved, Qc., That instead of the sum appropriated for
the expense of collecting the revenue under tlie acl of .Jd
March, 1849, a sum equal to one-half of that expended m.
collecting the revenue for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1848 exclusive of the expense of storage,cartage, di ayage,
and labor in that vear, be and the same is hereby appropri-
ated for the serv.ee of the half year commencing the 1st
January, 1850, and ending the 30th June, 1860, together with
such sum 111 addition as may be received for cartage, dray-
age, labor, and storage.
Mr B. moved that the bill and amendment be
printed and referred to the Committee, of theWhole
on the state of the Union. Agreed to.
Mr VINTON sent to the table an amendment,
wh:cb he save notice that he should, when the bill
came up for consideration, offer as a substitute for
if. The amendment was ordered to be printed
with the bill. . r .
Mr THOMAS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of William B. Crews;
which was read twice, referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of William H.
Prentiss; which was ordered to lie on the table and
tSr D also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Charles Ahrenfeldt and John
H F Vogt; which was read twice, referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed, with the report accompanying it.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions and memorials of Ur.
F. E. Hills, Dr. Francis Drudy, and Angus Bur-
| chel, asking compensation for services in Mexico;
i and Thomas and Richard Hayward, for compen-
j sation for supplies furnished to the troops in Flor-
1 ida; which- were severally ordered to lie on the
table.
, Mr. BINGHAM asked the unanimous consent
! of the House to withdraw from the files, for the
! purpose of referring them to the Pension Office, the
| petition and papers of Michael Gregory.
Objection was made.
INDIAN MOUNTED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the payment of a company
of Indian volunteers, who were called into the
service of the United States.
The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. BURT said that the bill made a small ap-
propriation of money. He would inquire of the
Chair whether the House could not, by unani-
mous consent, act upon the bill at this time, al-
though the rule of the House required that a bill,
making an appropriation, should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER said, that in the opinion of the
Chair, the House might, by unanimous consent,
act upon the bill now, without reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT asked, then, he said, that the bill
might be read.
The bill was then read through.
! The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
| South Carolina [Mr. Burt] asked that the bill
i might, by unanimous consent, be put upon its
I engrossment.
: Mr.THOMPSON,ofMississippi,said that,be-
fore he gave his consent, he would like to know
why this claim had not been paid. It was a claim
he had heard of before.
Mr. BURT said he would be glad of the oppor-
tunity to say a few words, in explanation of the
bill, before the motion he had made was put to
the House. .
This company of volunteers was called into the
service of the United States in the year 1846, by
General Kearny, at that time the commanding
officer on the western frontier. It was called into
service under the order of Gen. Taylor. It had
no connection whatever with the Mexican war. It
was a company of Delawares and Shawnees,
whose services, as a spy company, General Kear-
ny said were indispensable to his command.
:They were promised immediate payment. They
had mjt been paid, however, because they had not
been called into service under a strictly and techni-
cally military authoi ity. That was the only reason
why payment had not been made. They had
applied for compensation immediately. The Sec-
retary of War, two or three years since, recom-
mended that they should be paid at once. But
thev had not been paid yet. He trusted that Con-
gress would redeem the pledge of the country by a
prompt and immediate authority to the Secretary
of War to make the payment. There was no
reason why it should not be made? and made 1m-
m mT.'6McCLERNAND said that the uniform
practice of the House had heretofore been to' refer
all such bills—all bills appropriating money, to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUmon.
He had listened to the explanation which had been
made by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Burt,] but could see no reason, in anything which
had been said by the gentleman, why this bill
should be exempted from the operation of the uni-
form practice of the House—why it should be ex-
empted from the operation of a peremptory lule
by which all such appropriations of money were
to be considered bv the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. There was, moreover,
a principle involved in the bill which it might be
desirable that the House should debate—namely,
the authority of the general, of his own motion, to
call these Indians into the service of the United
States. And independent of that consideration,
which was an important one, he submitted to the
consideration of gentlemen whether it was ex-
pedient at this time to depart from the uniform
practice of the House, and to do so in violation of
a positive rule of the House. He objected, there-
fore, to putting the bill upon its engrossment, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union.
The question upon that motion was taken and
decided in the affirmative. -
So the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the memorial
of Clement C. Clay and others, in behalf of the
Tennessee, Mississippi, .and Alabama Railroad
Company, made a report, accompanied by a bill
granting said company the right of way through
the public lands; which bill was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Dnion, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to provide
for the printing of the table of post offices in the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to
be printed. .
On motion by Mr. P., the Committee on the
Post Office and 'Post Roads was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of the citi-
zens of Ohio, residing near the national road,
praying for the completion of said road; and it was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
ierreu iu mo -
Also, on motion by Mr. P., the said Committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Peter Kinney, asking to be refund-
ed $924, lost in the mail. _
Mr.CARTER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the memo-
rial of Rulef Van Brunt, asking pay for damages
sustained in the.war of 1812; which report was
ordered to lie on the teble.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
the Committee on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition ot
the citizens of Rush county, Indiana, praying for
the suppression of the African slave trade, and
asking that a line of steamers be established to ply
between this country and the coast of Africa; and
it was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Lieutenant A. b.
Farragut, praying to be promoted to the grade ot
captain; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. McCLERNAND, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs was discharged from the
.'further consideration of the petition of the citizens
of Rush county, Indiana, praying for the suppres-
sion of the African slave-trade; and it was referred
:to the Committee on the Judiciary.
: On motion by Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition ot
Henrv Haynes, asking compensation for revolu-
tionary services; and it was ordered to lie on the
taOn motion hy Mr. SACKETT, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions of Sara-
uel Dewey and of Sarah Mandeville, the cgal rep-
resentatives of John Mandeville; and they were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary btaims.
On motion by Mr. SACKETT, leave was grant-
ed to take from the files, to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, the petition
and papers of Henry Diggert.
Sutherland's manual.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mute on Accounts, reported the following:
Resolved, That the Clerli be authorizedi to furnistuo each
member,of the House a copy of Joel t>. Sutherland   Con-
gressional Manual, and to pay Inm one dnllai for each copy.
The yeas and nays were demanded on the adop-
U°Mr.fBURTPsaid be would suggest that the reso-
lution should be so amended as that the boois
should not be purchased for those members of the
present House who had heretofore been supplied
ITth copies of them. He knew that there were
many members (and he himself was one of the
number) who had been supplied. He did not
want another copy, nor did he suppose 'hat gen-
tlemen who had already received them would be
desirous to have other copies.
Mr HOUSTON was understood to say, that
(here had never been any distribution of this book
since he had been here. He had been a member
of this House four years, but had never received a
