200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
copy of the book, arid he' concluded, therefore, >
that a majority of the members of the House j
bad never been supplied. He hoped, however, j
that the resolution would be amended in the man- '
ner suggested by the gentleman from Soutli Caro- i
ina, [Mr. Bort.] j
Mr. BURT said, that although his friend from j
Delaware [Mr. Houston] had never been supplied ;
■with a copy of the work, yet he (Mr. B.) knew j
many members who had been supplied. And he
was sure that those who had received the book
did not wish to be supplied again. He would,
therefore, offer the amendment he had suggested.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, took the floor.
The SPEAKER said, he would ascertain wheth-
er the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] had been taken down cor-
ifectly.
The amendment was read as follows: " Except
such members as have already been supplied with
said Manual."
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that he held
in his hand a copy of the last edition of this book,
printed in 184G. It contained neither the rules of
the House, nor the rules of the Senate, nor the
joint rules of the two Houses as they at present
existed (although that matter comprised abouthalf
the volume.) He submitted to the House, there-
fore, that without a reprint containing these things,
the purchase would be a useless waste of the pub-
lic money. If members wanted the work, they
could pay for it.
Mr. STANLY said, he concurred in the re-
marks of the gentleman who had just taken his
seat, [Mr. Evans.] According to his (MrS.'s)
experience, any gentleman who undertook to study
the rules, would have but little time to attend to
any other public business. If the Speaker of the
House knew the rules, as he did, the House could
get along well enough. The book was not worth
five cents, and it never would be. If gentlemen
■were anxious to have copies of it, let them pur-
chase for themselves. He moved that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to in-
quire if there hud been any edition of the work
printed since 184G?
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, requested Mr.
Stanly to'withdraw his motion to lay on the
table, to allow him (Mr. K.) to say a few words
in explanation.
Mr. STANLY said, he would withdraw the
motion, if the gentleman would renew it.
Mr. KING pledged himself to do so.
Mr. KlNGr then said, in reply to inquiries, that
in former Congresses, copies of Jefferson's Manila
had been distributed among members; now the
edition printed by Congress was entirely exhausted.
It had been the practice of the Cloilc al.so to dis-
tribute Sutherland's Manual. This book contained
thawhole of Jefferson's Manual, the Constitution
of the United States, and precedents of order as
established in this House. There were now in the
custody of the Clerk two hundred and thirty copies
of this book, and it was in the power of members
to say whether they should be distributed, and
the Clerk be authorized to pay for them. The
copies now on the shelves of the House wore of
the edition of the year 1836, which was understood
to be the last edition. The former price of this
book was $1 25 cents; it was now proposed to
pay $1 per copy. The book would be useful and
convenient to new members, of whom the present
House was principally composed. The committee
had submitted the resolution, that the House might
determine for itself whether it choose that the
books which are now on hand should be distrib-
uted and paid for. Mr. It. concluded his remarks
by moving (in redemption of his pledge) that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, whilst Mr. K. was
speaking, remarked that he (Mr. E.) had been a
member of the last Congress, but that he had re-
ceived no copy of the work.
Mr. BAYLY took the floor.
The SPEAKER said, the motion to lay on the
table was not debatable.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose to in-
quire whether the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. BuktI had been adopt-
ed.
The SPEAKER said, no question had yet been
taken on the amendment.
The question was then taken on the motion to I
lay on the table, and was decided in the negative
without a division.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Burt, and was decided in
the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the question then recurring on the adoption
of the resolution as amended—
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY said, that if the resolution should
pass, and, under it, the old stock of this obsolete
book should be exhausted, before the end of the
session there would be a new edition printed, and
Congress would be applied to for the purchase of
that also. The work was obsolete; it would not
sell, and therefore Congress was asked to take the
property into its hands. He was opposed to doing
so, and he hoped the resolution would be rejected.
Mr. DISNEY said, that so far as the work itself
was concerned, he attached very little value to it.
His attention had heretofore been called to it. He
had examined it with care; and apart from the de-
cisions of the questions of order decided by Con-
gress, and the compilation of the Manual of Jeffer-
son, the work possessed not a pat tide of value.
The comments of the author were valueless, and
without authority; and he (Mr. JD.) did not think
that gentlemen would take much pleasure in sitting
down and reading the compilation of former decis-
ions, or have much regard to the opinions of Con-
gress upon such questions, these decisions being
not only in conflict with each other, but in many
cases directly in the eye and the teeth of the law.
If Jefferson's Manual were excluded from the book,
the balance was not worth the' paper on which it
was printed. He made this statement deliberately,
from an examination of the work. It was value-
less.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, that i? this
work, us had been stated, was obsolete, there could
of course be but very little of it left. If a new
edition was preparing, or about to be prepared, the
House ought to prefer the new edition.
Mr. BAYLY. But they will not bring that
until the old edition is exhausted.
Mr. JOHNSON, (continuing.) He was op-
posed to the purchase of this book; he had never
received a copy of it; and if it was to be purchased
at all, it should be of the new edition.
Mr. RICHARDSON said: 1 must say, with the
gentleman from Arkansas, that I have never re-
ceived this book, which is proposed to be pur-
chased for the use of the House, and do not wish
to have it, knowing it to be wholly valueless. 1
am opposed to the proposition to purchase it for
another leason; This is the beginning of a sys-
tem, which prevails to a very considerable extent
in this House, of buying books that cannot be
sold by their authors in any other way. It is no
argument to me to say the Clerk of this House
has agreed to buy them for the use of the mem-
beis. The Clerk has an undoubted right to buy
what he pleases; but he lias no authority to pay
for what he buys out of the funds of the Govern-
ment. Take this book and pay for it, and before
the close of the session, you will be called upon to
take a new edition of this woik, and otheis, the
cost of which will make a large item. If gentlemen
would examine this question, I am sure they would
not so readily agree to buy everything presented
for the use of members.
Mr. VAN DYKE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second. And the main question
(which was on the adoption of the resolution as
amended) was ordered, and being taken, was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 31, nays 149.
So the resolution, as amended, was rejected.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was ordered
that the memorial of Henry Johnson be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
THE ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The committees having been called through—
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve !
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union, to enable him to move the usual resolu- '
tiori for the reference of the President's Message. ;
After some conversation between Mr. STANLY
and the SPEAKER, and Mr. CONRAD and Mr. I
BAYLY, !
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,-(Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky, in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY offered the following resolutionsy
which were read:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States to the two Houses of Congress, at
the present session as relates to our treaties, diplomatic in-
tercourse, and relations with foreign nations, together with
the accompanying correspondence in relation thereto, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
2. That so much of said message as relates to the existing
tariff, and recommends a revision thereof; so much as re-
lated to the levenue, the state of the tioasury, the public
debt; the law providing for the collection, safe keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue; the gene-
ral condition of the finances; the estimated receipts and
expenditures for the next fiscal year; the establishment of
bianeh mints, and the bensus to be taken during this year;
together with the auuual report of the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury, and the documents and estimates accompanying it, be
re/erred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
y. That so much ot said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the state and condition of the Army of
the United States, its increase and operations, be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
4. That so much or said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the Navy of the United States, recom-
mends us reorganization in its various grades of officeis^the
establishment of a retired hat; so much as relates to the1
employment of war steameis, the contracts for the trans-
portation of the mail, and the opeiation of the system upon-
the prosperity of the navy, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Atfaiis.
5. That so much of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the Indian tubes, the transfer of Indian
agencies from the Upper Missouri and Council Blurt's to
Santa F6 and Salt Lake, and the appointment ul sub-agents
in the valleys of the Gila, the Sacramento, and San Joaquin
rivers, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, witlr
instiuctions to said committee to inquire and report as to
the legality of said transfers and appointments, and what
iurther legal provisions are necessary for the effectual and
successful extension of our system of Indian mtercour&e
o\er the new tcrixtories.
6. That so much of said menage and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the Post Olhce Department, the trans-
poitation of the mail, the reduction of postage, and postal
treaties, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
7. That so much or said message and accompanying docu-
ments, and ot the repoit of the Secretaiy of the Treasury, as
relates to the commerce and navigation of the country, the
waiehouses, the improvement of fivers and harbors, the im
pei lection-. of the law concerning the Afncan slave trade,
the Mirvey of ihe coa^t, the erection of lighthouses in Cali-
fornia and Oregon, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
8. That so much of said message and accompanying docu-
ments as relates to the public lands, the survey thereof, geo-
log.eal,nuneralogical,and lineal; the establishment of offices
of surveyor geneiaj m New Mexico, California, and Oregon;
!-o much a< relates to the oiganization of commissions to ex-
amine and decide upon the validity of the subsisting land
titles in New Mexico and California, be leferred to the Com-
mitter on Public Lands.
y. That so much of said message as refates to the pro-
oeeding> of the two Conventions lately assembled at St.
Louis and Memphi>, and the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific, be refeired to the Committee on Roada and
Canals.
10. That so much of said message and accompanyingdoc-
uim-nts as relates to the establishment of an Agricultural
Bureau, to be connected with the'Department of the Inte-
rior, be refericd to the Committee on Agneulture.
11. That so much of said niessisge as relates to an alleged
defect in our criminal code, in not providing for the punish-
ment of the ciime of forcibly and clandestinely carrying a
person enjoying the protection of our laws beyond our juris-
diction, in violation of hw personal fieedom ami our national
ri«hts, and to the employment ot counsel to represent the
United States before the Board of Commissioners to ad-
just the claims of American citizens on Mexico, be refeired
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
12. That so much of said message as relates to the organ-
ization of State governments in California and New Mexico,
and their adrms&ion into the Union a  rtew States, be re-
feired to the Committee on Territories.
13. That so much of said mes^atre as relates for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. CLINGMAN desired to know whether he
understood that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] desired to occupy the floor? ♦
Mr. BAYLY said he did not.
Mr. CLINGMAN then addressed the Com-
mittee as follows:
Mr. CLINGMAN said, that the committee was
well aware that he had, on yesterday, intimated a
purpose to discuss the questions involved in the
propositions relating to the Mexican territory.
That subject was regarded by the whole country
as one of such immense importance, that he of-
fered no apology for debating it. To prevent
misconception, (said he,) I say in advance that
I have great confidence in the judgment, integrity,
and patriotism^ the President. I further admit
fully the right of the citizens of each State to set-
tie for themselves all such domestic questions as
