1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
provision of the constitution of the State of Iowa,
• because Kanesville, it was said, was de facto with-
in the jurisdiction of Monroe county. This posi-
tion he denied in tola. He denied that it was
under the jurisdiction of Monroe county. [Mr.
S. read again from the testimony taken by the
committee.] •_
But even if it were within that jurisdiction, it
would not establish the fact that the election ought
to be held there. He admitted that the fact of
jurisdiction was good in some cases, as regarded
past transactions; but it was never so as regarded
transactions to take place in future.
After all, it resolved itself into the simple ques-
tion, What did the constitution of the State of
Iowa prescribe ? Did it give to these men the
right to vote in Monroe county ? For if the con-
stitution did not give them the right, no matter
what was done by them, or by anybody else, they
had no elective franchise there at all. And let it
not be said that this would disfranchise these peo-
ple residing at Kanesville; it did no such thing.
There were places where they might have voted
under the constitution and laws of the State, and
if they had so voted, their votes would have been
potential; but, inasmuch as they chose to vote at
a place not prescribed by the constitution and laws
of Iowa, their votes were not legal votes.
He had endeavored to look at this question in a
legal point of view, and it was, to* his mind, per-
fectly clear, that if they were to undertake to
count these votes, it would in effect prostrate the
constitutional power of Iowa to prescribe the
places where the votes should be given.
Mr. S. then adverted to the fifty-six votes of
Dallas county, which were proposed to be re-
jected. The committee (he said) had decided,
almost unanimously, that these votes should be
rejected. The. evidence was as clear as sun-
light itself, that all these voters lived south of Dal-
las county line.
He regretted that he had not sufficient time to
enlarge somewhat upon this part of the case, but
he begged leave to call the attention of gentlemen
to the report of the committee, which expressed
his views quite as fully perhaps as it was neces-
sary to oive them. Let it not be said that in the
views which he had taken he had relied upon
technicalities; though he knew it was so stated in
the report of the minority. Was it a technicality
to require that the votes should be given at the
times, and places, and in the manner prescribed
bylaw for holding the elections? And yet that
was all that he required iri this case. He relied
upon no technicality. To say that his position
was one which re3ted upon technicalities, was a
perversion of terms, a perversion of the use of
words. -It was important that the right of  the
State of towa to fix the time, place, and manner
of holding elections in that Slate should be duly
recognized. It was only by considering the case
in this point of view, that they could arrive at a
legitimate conclusion, and decide the question, as
they were bound to decide it, under the Constitu-
tion, by which this House was constituted the
judge of the election and return of its own mem-
bers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, argued in sub-
stance;
1st. The seven propositions made out and voted
upon in committee elected Miller—the seven is-
sues were made out under the direction and con-
trol of the chairman. If the votes were counted
out according to the issues so made and as ac-
tually decided by committee, Miller was elected;
yet a perfect non-sequiter, a most lume and illogi-
cal conclusion is come to, viz: that all the parts
are not equal to the whole; and that although,
when upon each particular issue when decided,
the votes are counted, and each and every vote
counted according to the principle governing its
class, yet the majority thus ascertained for Miller
does not elect him,&c., &c.
[The acts alluded to are here given.]
The act of Congress of 1842, directing Congress-
men to be elected by districts, and the act of Iowa,
in pursuance thereof, excluded Boone township,
in Dallas county. This township is not within
the congressional district, as laid off by the State
of Iowa. It is not contiguous (another uncounted
township intervening) to the district, as by act of
Congress directed. It is out of the district, and is
not left uncounted ornot counted atallas are Story
county and another precinct in Boone, when both
in fact in the same law were attached to Polk
county. To turn the scale is it fair, is it 'just, to
count in a district vote at a precinct not contiguous
to the district and not embraced in the district as
laid down by law? No law or constitutional prin-
ciple of Iowa is violated; no county is divided by
the districting act of Iowa; and then wherefore
put Brenus' foot in the scale ?
The majority of legal qualified voters in the dis-
trict as laid oJJ\ voted for Miller. They voted where
the candidates, the people, and the officers of law
thought they should vote. Thompson's friends,
the sheriff, a majority of the judges of the elec-
tion, acted, voted, electioneered, and got all the
votes they could at Kanesville. The parties were
committed for this as the proper and right place of
voting, the people so recognized it, and in fact
everybody so understood it. It was de facto and
and in truth under the control and jurisdiction of
Monroe county. The votes were taken by the
proper officers of the election, taken fairly, good
and legal votes all of them. The people, the par-
ties, the law officers, and everybody believed and
thought properly taken. The technicality now is
an afterthought, and based on an after run line.
This fact is not, and connot, be denied, that a
majority of the legal voters, whites over twenty-
one years of age, residing in the district, voted for
Miller. By technically sticking in the bark, does
the chairman expect todisfianchisea congressional
distiict of Iowa, and more than disfranchise it—
not only stifle its vote and voice, but actually
have it misrepsented ? The Democracy did not
act thus in the New Jersey case, over State seals
and Governor's certificates—they said the will of
the majority should prevail; and yet this is a much
clearer' and stronger case. The House ought to
lay the law up by the side of the facts, and place
the geography and the proof in the case in juxta-
position. If it were a case of ejectment beiore a
jury, we could not doubt what would be the ver-
dict.
[Here Mr. T., speaking from the rostrum, ex-
hibited a map of Iowa, and read from the laws of
Iowa, and the evidence as applicable to the case.
The map or delineation of the country, and the
remarks in connection with it, cannot be now re-
ported.]
He only had time to allude to the vote in Boone
township, in Dallas county—this he considered too
clear to be further alluded to. It was useless to
discuss further, or more than this and the Kanes-
ville votes, for if they were for Miller, he was
elected by the admission of all, and even if by
possibility Boone township could be counted,
Miller was no doubt still elected by a majority of
the legal voters of the district. The strained quib-
bles about the place of voting, might do m a con-
test about the return, or the right to a seat in Par-
liament under the old rotten-borough English
system. A tortfeasor or trespasser might at law
cavil about the locus in quo, or a felon suck le about
the venue or an alibi; but m the face of manifest
right, to cripple the elective franchise, and against
all equity, to stifle and drown the voice of Kanes-
ville, i3 surely undemocratic, anti-republican,
against the former decisions of this House, and
against manifest right.
Concede to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Strong] everything he claims, and yet when
the Boone tovvnsmp vote is rejected arid the
Kanesville vote received, Miller is elected. Upon
these two points or issues the committee voted
in Miller's favor. I will not fatigue the House
with arithmetical additions and subtractions—all
admit the case narrows llself down to three points.
If the two I have discussed are against the incuni- j
bent, he should be ousted. I concur with the J
chairman, that it is unnecessary to draw into this i
discussion extraneous matter. What, upon a
question of expulsion, ought to be the judgment
of the House for the alleged connection of the
incumbent with the abstraction of the Kanesville
poll-book, is not now involved in this contest, and
I therefore will not speak of it. It seems to me
one or two propositions conclusive of the case are
obvious. The Boone township, in Dallas county,
is not in the congressional distiict, nor contigu-
ous, nor exactly west or north of it; nor is Dullas
county, in fact or taw, Polk county.
I do not think there can be a sensible pretext or
color of right claimed to admit these votes. As to
Kanesville, I have already spoken; it lies west-
wardly from Monroe, was in fact attached to it for
election purposes—control and jurisdiction as to
this matter of elections was de facto exercised, by *
Monroe; no other county, either dejure or de facto,
exercised jurisdiction—the parties, voters, officers
recognized and are committed to it as proper and
right, and when the laws of Iowa are examined as
cumulative acts or remedial statutes, and an equi-
table and just interpretation given to them, Thomp-
son will be amoved and Miller rightfully adjudged
to be entitled to the disputed seat.
There is a trite saying, "that nobody knows who
is Governor until after the election"—this, I hardly
think, can be said of Congressmen, for' it seems
even after the election, the man having a majority
of votes may not be elected, and even after the
election it cannot be told who is the member. Con-
gress once or twice has sent the contestants back
to the people; and whether they meant to stultify
themselves by deciding that they could not tell
what votes were good or bad, or could not count
them and tell who received the most, I will not
undertake to say. But to me it seems, although
just now they have disfranchised half the electors
in France, and from it, I presume, in due time
will have a revolution—it seems to me, I repeat,
rather radical, rather revolutionary, or too conserv-
ative and particular, 1 do not know which, to un-
dertake to decide in this country, that a majority
of the legal qualified voters within the congressional
district, given bona fide, fairly and justly to a can-
didate, does not elect him. Precedents and former
decisions may have, and perhaps ought to have,
but little weight; but 1 hope with dignity, jus-
tice, and not by partisan feeling, this case will bfe
decided.
Mr. McDONALD said, he desired to say a few
words on this question, in addition to what had
been so ably said by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the chairman of the Committee of Elections.
He desired to treat the subject fairly and dispas-
sionately, divested of all political prejudices and
partisan feelings. And as he was now to be called
on to give his judgment, under the sacred obliga-
tions of his solemn oath, lie trusted he should be.
able to acquit himself as a sworn juror feels bound
to do when called on to render his honest verdict
in the case before him.
He expressed his regret that it had become too
much the practice to suffer party feelings to influ-
ence us when called on to decide cases of
this character^ The Constitution under which we
act clothes us With power to judge of the qualifi-
cations of members of this House; and it imposes
this as a duty upon us, from which there is no
escape. But in rendering our decisiohs, we are to
go to the law and the testimony, and we cannot go
a step beyond that.
The question now presented to the House had
settled down to three mooted points. All the
minor matters in controversy seem to have been
disposed of. The first of these relates to the ad-
mission of the votes of Boone county. It is alleged
in the report of the minority of the committee,
" this township of Booneand the county of Boone
are in fact not in the first, but in the second con-
gressional district of Iowa." And his friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] who had just taken
his seat, seemed to suppose that he had established
this fact beyond the reach of controversy. On this
point, however, he (Mr. McD.) came to a differ-
ent conclusion; and if every point which was con-
troverted here, was as clear to his judgment as
this, he should never feel much difficulty m coming
to a decision. What was it? The constitution
of Iowa contains this provision: "No county
shall be divided in forming a congressional, sena-
torial, or representative district." And it further
provides that " any country attached to any county
for judicial purposes, shall, unless otherwise pro-
vided for, be considered as forming a part of said
county for election purposes." By a statute of
the Legislature of Iowa, of January 17, 1846, the
counties of Boone, Stoj-y, and Dallas, were attached
to Polk county. In view of all these facts, he
called on the gentlemen who had prepared and
endorsed this minority report, to say how they
could decide that the votes of the citizens of Boone
county shall be excluded, without dividing the
country which the constitution declares shall form
a part of the county, and thus overriding the laws
of the State of Iowa. The minority report says
that Boone is not to be considered as a part of
Polk county " tor revenue, election, and judicial
purposes," while the constitution of Iowa declares
