202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
up within a territory which, after a time, will be
Insufficient for their subsistence, and where they
must perish from want, or from the collisions that
would occur between the races. Nor can 1 sup-
pose that they think it would be injurious to New
Mexico and California for our people to go and set-
tle among them. Prominent northern statesmen,
both in this House and in the Senate, have de-
scribed the population of those Territories, and
have represented it as being not only inferior to
those Indian tribes that we know most of, viz:
the Cherokees and Choctaws, but as being far be-
Jow the Flat Heads, Black Feet, and Snake In-
dians. I cannot, therefore, suppose that they really
believe that those territories would be injured
by having infused into them such a state of soci-
ety as produces such persons as George Washing-
ton, John Marshall, and thousands of other great
and virtuous men, living and dead. Your opposi-
tion to our right will be regarded as resting on the
lust for political power of your politicians, or on
the rapacity of your people.
The idea that the conquered people should be
permitted to give law to the conquerors, is so pre-
posterously absurd, tha( I do not intend to argue
it. Doubtless these people would be willing, not
only to exclude slaveholders, but all other Ameri-
cans, if, by a simple vote, they were allowed to do
so. I may remark further, that but for the anti-
slavery agitation, our southern slaveholders would
have carried their negroes into the mines of Cali-
fornia in such humbers, that I have no doubt but
that the majority there would have made it a
slaveholding State. We have been deprived of all
chance of this by the northern movements, and by
the action of this House, which has, by northern
votes, repeatedly, from time to time, passed the
Wilmot proviso, so as in effect to exclude our in-
stitutions, without the actual passage of a law for
that purpose. It is a mere farce, therefore, without
giving our people time to go into the country, if
they desire to do so, to allow the individuals there,
by a vote, to exclude a whole class of our citizens.
This would imply that the territory belonged to
the people there exclusively, and not to all the
people of the United States.
Compared with this great question, the abolition
of slavery m the District of Columbia is of little
relative moment. One effect, however, of the anti-
slavery dgitalion here is worthy of a passing notice.
Within the last two years, since the matter has
become serious, it has seemed not improbable that
the seat of Government might be removed from
the District. As this would bo extremely preju-
dicial to the interests of the citizens here, many of
them have so fnr changed in their feelings as to
be willing to allow slavery to be abolished, yield-
ing to the force of the pressure from the North;
besides, so many of their slaves are from time to
time taken away by the abolitionists, as to satisfy |
them that such property here is almost worthless.
A gieat impression was made on them by the
coming in last year of a northern ship, and its car-
rying away seventy slaves at once. Seeing that
there was no chance of getting Congress to pass
any adequate law for their protection, as most of
the States have done, they seem to be forced to
assent to some extent to the northern movement.
Sir, it is most surprising that the people of the
southern States should have borne, with so little
complaint, the loss of their slaves incurred by the
action of the free States. The Constitution of the
United States provided for the delivery of all such
fugitives, and Congress passed an act to carry it
into effect; but recently, most, if not all of the
northern States, have completely defeated their
provisions, by forbidding any one of their citizens
to aid m the execution of the law, under the pen-
alty of fine and imprisonment for as long a term
usually as live years. There is probably no one
legal mind in any one of the free States which can
regard these laws as constitutional. For though
the States are not bound to legislate affirmatively :
in support of the Constitution of the United States,
yet it ts clear that they have no right to pass laws
to obstruct the execution of constitutional provis-
ions. Private citizens are not usually bound to
be active in execution of the law; but if two or
more combine to prevent the execution of any law,
they are subject to indictment for conspiracy in all
countries where the common law doctrines prevail.
If the several States could rightfully legislate to j
defeat the action of Congress, they might thereby
completely nullify most of its laws. In this par-
ticular instance such hks been the result;for though
the master is allowed to go and get his negro if he
can, yet, in point of fact, it is well known that the
free negroes, abolitionists, and other disorderly
persons, acting under the countenance and author-
ity of the State laws, are able usually to overpower
the master and prevent his recapture.
The extent of the loss to the South may be un-
derstood from the fact, that the number of runaway
slaves now in the North is stated as being thirty
thousand—worth, at present prices, little short of
fifteen millions of dollars. Suppose that arhount
of property was taken away from the North by
the southern States acting against the Constitution:
what complaint would there not be!—what memo-
rials, remonstrances, and legislative resolutions
would come down upon us! How would this Hall
be filled with lobby members, coming here to press
their claims upon Congiess! Why, air, many of
the border counties in the slaveholding States have
been obliged to give up their slaves almost entirely.
It was stated in the newspapers the other day,
that a few counties named in Maryland, had, by
the efforts of the abolitionists within six months,
upon computation, lost one hundred thousand dol-
lars worth of slaves. A gentleman of the highest
standing, from Delaware, assured me the other
day that that little State lost, each year, at least
that value of such property in the same way. A
hundred thousand dollars is a heavy tax to be
levied on a single congressional district by the abo-
litionists.
Suppose a proportional burden was inflicted on
the northern States. How would Massachusetts
beai*- the loss annually of one million one hundred
thousand dollars, not only inflicted without law,
but against an express provision of the Constitu-
tion !—we may infer from the complaint she has
made of a slight inconvenience imposed on her by
that regulation of South Caiolina which prevented
ship-captains from carrying free negro servants to
Charleston.
This whole action on the part of the North is
not only in violation of the Constitution, but seems
to be purely wanton, or originating in malice to-
wards the South. It is obvious that they do not
want our slaves among them; because they not
only make no adequate provision for their comfort,
but, in fact, in many of the States, have forbidden
fiee negroes to come among them on pain of im-
prisonment, cfec. It cannot be a desire to liberate
slaves, because they have never, to my knowledge,
attempted to steal negroes from Cuba or Brazil. It
is true, however, that having the right now to
come among us both by land and water, they have
greater advantages and immunities. For if they
went into a foreign country, they would incur the
risk of being shot or hanged, as robbers and pirates
usually are.
Sir, if any evils have grown out of the existence
of slavery, they have not at least affected the
North. During the days of the slave trade, which
(as I formerly'had occasion to remark) was con-
tinued down to 1808 by New England votes in the
convention, the northern ship-owners realized
laige profits by purchasing negroes on thecoastof
Africa at thirty or forty dollars per head, and sell-
ing them to southern planters for several hundred
dollars. The bringing m of these slaves caused
large tracts of the southern country, too unhealthy
to have been cleared by white men, to be brought
under profitable cultivation. The price of cotton
has thereby been brought down from fifty to ten
and even five cents per pound. An immense
amount of capital and labor is employed profita-
bly in its manufacture at the North. In England,
also, not less than six hundred millions of dollars
is thus invested, and a vast population exists by
being employed in the manufacture. It is ascer-
tained that at least five millions of white persons,
in Europe and this country, gettheir employment,
are fed, and exist, on the manufacture of cotton
alone. The cheap southern production of the
raw material not only is the means of thus giving
subsistence to a great portion of the population of
this country and Europe, but is clothing the world
at a cheap rate. In addition to cotton, rice,.sugar,
coffee, tobacco, and various tropical production® are
supplied at a cheap rate for northern consumption.
On the other hand, our slaves seldom come in
competition with northern labor, and are good
consumers of its productions. While the North
has derived these great advantages, the negroes
themselves have not been sufferers. Their condi-
tion not only compares most advantageously with
that of the laboring population of the world, but
is in advance of the position they have been able,
at any time, to occupy at home. The researches
of Gliddon and other antiquarians, show that
four thousand years ago in Africa they were
slaves, and as black as they now are. Since then,
in that country where they were placed by Provi-
dence, and where, from their peculiar constitution,-
they enjoy the best health, they have existed only
as savages. They are there continually made
slaves of by the men of more intelligent and enter-
prising races. Nor have they ever gotten out of
the tropical parts of Africa, except when they
were carried as merchandise. It remains to be
proved, however, yet to the world, that the negro,
any more than the horse, can permanently exist
in a state of freedom, out of the tropical regions.
Their decay at the North, as well as other circum-
stances which I have not time to detail, are adverse
to the proposition. And yet, sir, the journals of
the North, while they deny that the French and
the Germans, the most enlightened of the conti-
nental nations of Europe, are capable of freedom,
stoutly maintain that the negro is,—the negro,
who has never anywhere, when left to himself,
gotten up to the respectable state of barbarism
which all the other races have attained, not even
excepting our Indians in Mexico and Peru.
While the people of the noithern States and the
negroes have been benefited, I am not prepared to
admit that the South (if injured atall) has suffered
as generally supposed. The influx of foreign
emigrants, and some other circumstances to which
I will presently advert, have in some respects put
the North greatly ahead. But if you deduct the
foreign population which goes chiefly totheNorth
—the little we get not being equal to that portion of
our own people who go to the northwestern States
—if you deduct this, I say, it will be found that the
white population of all the slaveholding Stales has
increased taster than that of the free States. Owing
to the comfortable condition of our population, if
there had been no emigration from abroad, the de-
scendants of our portion of the American white
family would be more numerous than the northern.
Nor is it true that we are the poorer: on the con-
trary, if we are to take the valuations of property
in the different States as assessed by the public
officers, it appears that the slaveholding States are
much richer in proportion to'their population than
the free. Even if you exclude the negroes as
property, and count them in the population, it
appears that the citizens of Virginia—the old-
est of the slave Stat^S—are richer per head .than
the citizens of any one of the free States. It will
also appear that the slaveholding States have vastly
less pauperism and crime than the northern States.
Looking, therefore, at all these different elements,
viz: greater increase of population, more wealth,
and less poverty and crime, we have reason to re-
gard our people as prosperous and happy.
Sir, I have not, for want of time, gone into de-
tails on these points, but contented myself with
the statement of those general views which every
candid inquirer will, I am satisfied, find to be true.
I do not seek to make comparisons that might be
regarded as invidious, unless by way of defence
against .habitual attacks on us; but I regard it as
right to say on this occasion, that whether consid-
ered with reference to the physical comfort of the
people, or a high ^ate of public and private mor-
als, elevated sense of honor, and of all generous
emotions, I have no reason to believe that a higher
state of civilization either now exists elsewhere,
or has existed at any time in the past, than is pre-
sented by the southern States of the Union.
When we look to foreign countries, these views
are confirmed and sustained. Brazil, with a pop-
ulation of two slaves to one freeman, is the most
prosperous of the South American States, and the
only one which has a stable political system. Cuba
is greatly in advance of the other West India
islands, though St. Domingo and Jamaica once
equaled her before the emancipation of their
slaves. Besides the expense of maintaining her
Govcfnment at home, Cuba pays Spain a revenue
of nearly fourteen millions. This is a greater sum
for her population than two hundred millions would
be for the United States. Could our people, in ad-
dition to the expense of our State governments, pay
six times as much as the Federal Government has
ever yet raised by impost and taxes? That Cuba
should be able to bear this burden and still pros-
