izm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26.
ought to be rejected. The voters in both counties
were, doubtless, acting in the belief that they were
legally exercising their privilege as citizens; but
if the right of one portion is to be denied, the.
right of the other must also be refused. He trusted
that, in their eagerness to preserve the right
of the elective franchise, gentlemen would not per-
mit themselves to be carried so far as to override
the constitution and the laws of the State of Iowa.
He concluded with calling on the House to throw
aside all party and political prejudices, and to de-
cide this question on its merits.
Mr. McGAUGHEY obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion that the House adjourn.
Which was agreed to,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
~The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. MATTESON : The petition of Doctor John Mc-
Caii and 15 other surgeons and physicians qt' (Jtica, Oneida
comity, New York, in behalf of the medical officers of the
navy.
By Mr. FREEDLEY": The petition of William Davis and
80 other citizens of Montgomery comity, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress so to amend the revenue law of 1848 that
the piosperity of the country and the dignify of labor may
i)e preserved and perpetuated.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Samuel
Heddon, Peter Barnhard, and 107 others; the petition of
Thomas Robison, George Blankly, and 41 others; and the
petition of John L. Grove, Joshua Hixon, and 63 others,
citizens of Bedford count\, Penm\lvania, praying for a mail-
route from Bloody Run, Bedford county, Pennsylvania, via
Clearville, Robison, and Wartordsburg, to Hancock, Maiy-
landj a di&tanee of 35 miles.
By Mr, HOWE; The petition of D. C. Byens and 39
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to repeal or modify the'tariff of 1846—change of
the system of ad valorem to specific duties of sufficient
amount to protect the labor and capital of the country.
Bv Mr. NELSON : The petition of A. D. Pe> k, William
H. Peck, and 40 others interested in vessels navigating Long
Island sound, praying that a spar-huoy may be placed, on
Glover's leef, near port Chester, in the "county of Westches-
ter, New York.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee: The petition of 108 cit-
izens of Stewart county, Tennessee, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail-route from Dover, in said county, to Con-
cord, Kentucky.
Bv Mr, BROWN, of Mi sissippi: The remonstrance of
L. K. Barber and 460 other citizena of the district of lands
subject to sale at Washington, Mississippi, against the remo-
val of ihe land office from Washington to Monticello.
By Mr, SPAULDiNG: The memorial of 26 physicians
and surgeons of Buffalo, New Yoi k, praying that the grades
of the medical officers of the navy shall have the same
degree of rank relatively to officers of the line in the navy,
as corresponding grades of medical officers of the line in
the army.
By Mi. CALVIN: The petition of Hugh D. Parker and
John MeCabe and 29 other citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
in? /or a modification of the tariff of 1846.
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of William T. Wof-
ford, captain of company E, Georgia mounted battalion,
and 55 others of that battalion,remonstrating against life
<ielav in the settlement of their claims for horses lost in the
Mexican war, and praying that some means be devised for
the more speedy settlement and payment of said claims.
By Mr, McLANAHAN : The memorial of passengers on
hoard the steamship Falcon, near Chagres, New Granada,
bound for California, setting forth the grievances and impo-
sition* practiced upon them by the oificer& and owner* of
the California line of steamers, and praying Oongre^ for
immediate action m the premises, to prevent such imposi-
tions and injustice.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of Hiram Corson, M.
D., and 10 others of the medical faculty of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, asking that the grades of medical
officers of the navy shall have the same d< gree of rank ifl-
aiively to the officers of the line in the navy, a« correspond-
ing giades of medical officers in the army now posse&s rel-
atively to officers of the line in the amiy.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 26, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of the Inte-
rior, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 3d instant, calling; for information in
relation to the applications.of private claimants to
the H^t Springs of Arkansas, or lands surround-
ing those springs, reserved from sale since 1832,
together with the action of the General Land Office
and other executive denarrnents.
On motion of Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the report and accompanying documents
be referred to the Committee on Public Lifnris.
The motion to print was then referred to the
Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a memorial from John Vanderlyn, asking- per-
mission to erect in one of the public reservations
in the city of Washington a building for panoramic
exhibitions; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial of citizens
of the State of New Jersey, asking that the bill
providing for the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence river may not become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HALE. I have received and present to
the Senate the petition of citizens of Everefsville,
in the State of North Carolina, who, being anxious
to remove from our land the greatest cause of dis-
cord, and to secure the future welfare, harmony,
and permanency of the Union, having in view an
object upon whtch we believe the great body of all
parties and of every section of the Union can
unite, would ask Congress to pass a bill to remove
from the country all that portion of the African
race who are both willing and ready to "emigrate
to Africa; that suitable provision be made for their
real wants for one year after their arrival in
Africa; and, as a greater inducement to emigrate,
that a bounty of land be given them on their arri
vai, upon which, with economy and industry,
they could support themselves.
In presenting this petition, I will remark that I
know nothing myself of its signers, or indeed of
its genuineness; but I submitted it to a gentleman
from North Carolina, in the other House, who
assures me that they are among the most respect-
able citizens of the State, and that the individual
heading the petition has given evidence of his
sincerity in the matter by emancipating -&nd
making provision for the removal of fifty slaves.
Mr. HALE also piesented a petition from
Julian De Valeourt, Vicompte De Vaudray, Wal-
singham Wellington, Napoleon Gustavus Vaza,
and other citizens of Highland Hills, New York,
to the same effect; both of which were received
and ordered to he on the table,
THE COMPROMISE BILL IN DELAWARE.
Mr. W ALES. I desire to present to the Senate
the resolutions and proceedings of a public meet-
ing in Wilmington, Delaware, favorable to the
compromise bill now before the Senate. I recog-
nize among the members of that meeting many
highly valued friends, and gentlemen of high
worth and intelligence. As the resolutions are
short, and very well expressed, I will, if there is
no objection, read them:
Whereas, in the opinion of this meeting, a great majority
of the people of the State of Delaware prefer the interests
of the whole country to the feelings or prejudices of any
section thereof. the prosperity and happiness of the people
to the success of any paitisan or personal measures; the
maintenance of " the Union" to the testing of abstract and
lmpiacticable ideas, and hence desire the speedy termina-
tion of the piesent angry and dangerous controversy be-
tween opposing sections of our country: Therefore be it
resolved—
1st. Tuat further prolongation of the agitation and excite-
ment which have arisen trorn the differing views and opin-
ions of the citizens of the slaveholdmg and non-^laveholding
State?, in reference to various questions connected with the
institution of slavery, tends to the formation of geographical
parties, and isiherefoie hostile and hazardous to the perma-
nence of the Fedeial Union.
2d. That the people of the State of Delaware helieve that
a Constitution founded in compromise -should be maintained
by the exercise of the same spirit of conciliation which
created it, and that in the opinicn of this meeting the bill
now before the Senate of the United States, reported by
Henry Clay, as chaitman of the Committee of Thirteen,
is founded on t/ie. sacrifice ofindividu.il and sectional feel-
ings for the advancement of the general welfare, and pre-
sents thy most practicable mode of adjusting questions
which cannot be settled except by compioim^c.
3d Tnat the iutere-ts f Delaware imperatively demand
that her Senators and Repiesentativ< s in Congress* should
use their bnst exeinnu* to set ure the passant? of the '•'com-
promise bill," and that by such a course they will be acting
in accordance Willi the almost unanimous opinion ot jhen
constituents.
4th. That the proceedings of this meeting, signed by the
president, and attested by the secretaries, be published in
all the papers of the State, and that copies be to  warded by
the president to our Senators and Repie-entativejs in Con-
gress, with a request that they be piesented to the bodies of
which they are respectively members.
Perhaps I ought to observe that through private
advices 1 learn that a meeting of those who are
unfavorable to the compromise is to be held this
weeK, and I may, therefore, have another set of
resolutions to present before the vote is taken on
the bill.
The resolutions were then ordered to lie on the
table, and the motion to print was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee on
Patents and ihe Patent Office, to which was re-
ferred the Housebill for the relief of Hiram Moore
and John Hascall, reported back the sa"me without
amendment. *
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. DOUGLASasked the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill to establish post
routes in the Territory of Oregon.
No objection having been made, the bill was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
THE TERRITORY OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. FOOTE. I desire to offer the following
resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the President of the United State3 be re-
quested to infoim the Senate, as earlj as practicable, wheth-
er any per&on has been by him appointed civil or military
governor ot NewMexico since the 4th day of March, lo49;
and, if so, whether the same individual continues still to
act in that capacity, or whether he has been succeeded by
some other person Also, that he be requested to inform
tile Senate whethei the said civil and linhtaiy governor has
lee. lved instructions from the Executive, or any depart-
ment ot the Government, to take measures tor the organi-
zation ot a State government tor said terntory, ot to ant and
advi.se tlffe inhabitants within its limits in furtherance of
such organization; and, further, Uiat he he leque&ted to
communicate to the Senate all orders, written or oral, and
instructions given to, or correspondence held with, any per-
son as civil and military governor m New Mexico on the
subject of said State organization; and, further, whether
the following " proclamation," viz:
11 Wheieai the people ot New Mexico, by pulffie meeting
held in the st voal counties ot this Territory, expressed a
desire to hold a convention for the formation ot a State con-
stitution, and to urge upon Congress the admission oi this
Turitory into the Union as a State: Therefore, I, John
Monroe, civil and miluaiy governor of the said Terntory
of New Mexico, do heieby direct that the qualified electors
ot &aid Terntory shall assemblt at the prenncis ot their ie-
spective counties on Monday, the btii day ot May next, be-
tween the rising and the setting ot the aun, to vote by ballot
for delegates to a convention to b-- held at Santa F6 on
Monday, the loth ot May next, as follows:
For the county of Tao* 3 Delegates.
" " Rio Verba d •<
(i " Sapta F6 3 "
i( " Saw Miguel 3 "
Sanmina 2 "
" " IJermhllo 2 "
" " Valencia 5 "
" The prefects shall designate convenient precincts in
their respective counties, and shall appoint three di&cieet
persons as judges of election m the several precincts, other-
wise said election shall be conducted in manner and form
as prescribtd in the laws of the territory under the title of
'election,' except that the prefect's clerk ot each coanly
shall, wuij the assistance of the prefect, examine and ca>t up
the votes given to each candidate ; shall give a certificate
oi election to the person having the largest number oi votes,
and shall transmit to the secretary ot "the Territory, a lair
abstract "f all the votes given, within four da>s iruoi the
day of election.
"Given under my hand, at the government house, in th«
city oi Santa F&, tins 23d day ot April, A. i). 185b.
'< JOHN M UNROJE,
" Military and Cicil Goiermr oj New Mexico."
purporting to be issutd on the 23d ot Aptil, 1850, by John
Munroe, military and civil governor of New Mexico, has
been ls&ued under the direction and sanction of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senate will now pro-
ceed to the consideration of this resolution, and that
no objection will be offered to it.
Mr. HALE. 1 object if it will give rise to any
debate.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me one
remark ?
Mr. HALE. I will notobject if it will not give
rise to any debate.
Mr. FOOTE, I have no idea that it will take
more than a minute to dispose of the resolution.
Senators will have perceived that the proclamation
referred to has been published m all the newspapers
this morning, and without contradiction. It ap-
pears to be authentic, so far as the action of the
lieutenant-colonel is concerned. I desire to be
allowed to make an explanation of my movements
this morning, and to say that i am not inclined
hastily to condemn any man, and especially higu
government otficeis, upon mere ♦suspicion, and
without ptoof of iniquitous and improper conduct.
I am very far, and 1 hope all will so undeistand
me, from presuming in advance that the President
oftheUnited States,orany Cabinetofficer, has par-
ticipated in the transactions which seem aiieady to
have occurred m New Mexico, and I am therefore
extremely anxious that the earliest opportunity
should be afforded to those gentlemen, one and all,
to acquit themselves from all charges or suspicion
in the premises. All must perceive that this gov-
ernor, this civil and military governor of New
Mexico, as he styles himself, it he really has issued
this proclamation, has had the daring effrontery to
take it upon himself, without constitutional au-
