1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
per, is evidence of the high productiveness of the
system.
In spite, however, of these great facts, which
ought to strike all impartial minds, the course of
the North has been constantly aggressive on this
question. The ordinance of 1T8T, adopted cotem-
poraneously with the Constitution, made the terri-
tory north of the Ohio free, and left that south of
the river slaveholding, giving the North more than
half of aH the existing territory. When Louisi-
ana was acquired, slavery could legally exist in
every part of it. The State of Missouri having
formed a republican constitution, proposed to come
into the Union, but the North resisted her appli-
cationt Though her constitution recognizing
slavery was precisely like those of a majority of
the old States, yet they, against all constitutional
principle, because they had the power in one
branch of Congress, obstinately refused her ad-
mission, until it was provided by act of Con-
gress that no other slave State should exist north
of 36° 30'. By that means, after leaving the South
only territory for a single State, (Arkansas,) they
acquired enough in extent to make ten or fifteen
large States. Now, encouraged by their former
success, and having become relatively stronger,
they claim the whole of the territory.
Should we give way, what is to be the result?
California, Oregon, New Mexico, Deseret, and
Minnesota, will come into the Union in less than
five years, giving the North a clear majority of
ten or fifteen votes in the Senate. The census of
the coming year will, under the new apportion-
ment, give them nearly two to one in this House.
With immense controlling majorities in both
branches, will they not at once, by act of Congress,
abolish slavery in the States ? Mr. Adams, who,
in his day, controlled northern opinion on this
question, said that there were twenty provisions of
the Constitution which, under certain circum-
stances, would give Congress the power. Would
not this majority find the power, as easily as they
have done in their State Legislatures, where they
have complete sway, to nullify the provision of the
Constitution for the protection of fugitive slaves ?
Have riot prominent northern politicians, of the
highest positions and the greatest influence, whose
names are well known to all gentlemen on this
floor, already declared that there is nothing m the
Constitution of the United States which obstructs
or ought to obstruct the abolition of slavery, by
Congress, in the States? Supposing, however,
this should not occur, in twenty years or less,
without new acquisitions territory, they would
get the power, by the coming in of new free States,
to amend the Constitution for that purpose. But
1 have no doubt, sir, that other acquisitions of ter-
ritory will be made. Probably, after the next
Presidential election we shall get that part of
Mexico which lies along the Gulf, as far as Vera
Cruz; and from which, though well suited to the
profitable employment of slave labor, we should
be excluded, nevertheless, by the adoption of the
principle that slavery should not be extended in
area. Conceding, however, that I am wrong
in both these suppositions, and that Congress
would neither violate the Constitution nor an-
nul it thus: what are we to expect? Slavery is
to be kept, they say, where it now is; and we
are to be surrounded with free States. These
States not only prohibit the introduction of slaves,
but also of free negroes into their borders. Of
course the whole negi'O population is to be here-
after confined to the territory of the present fifteen
slave States. That population in twenty-five
years will amount to seven or eighr millions, and
in fifty years to fifteen millions. However dense
the population might become, the negroes will not
be gotten away, but the wealthier portion of the
white population (I mean such as were able to
emigrate) would leave the territory. The condi-
tion of the South would, for a time, be that of Ire-
land, and soon, by the destruction of the rem-
nants of the white population, become that of St.
Domingo. There are those now living who
would probably sec this*state of things; but it
would be certain to overtake our children or
grandchildren. These facts are staring us in the
face as distinctly as the sun m the heavens at noon-
day. Northern men not only admit it but con-
stantly in their public speeches avow it to be their
purpose to produce this very state of things. If
we express alarm at the prospect, they seek to
amuse us with eulogies on the blessings of the
Federal Union, and ask us to be still for a time.
They do well, for it is true that communities have
usually been destroyed by movements which, in
the beginning, inflicted no immediate injury, and
which were therefore acquiesced in till they had
progressed too far to be resisted. They have, too,
constant examples in the conduct of brute animals,
that do not struggle against evils until they begin
to feel pain. They are doubtless, too, encouraged
to hope for our submission on account of our ac-
quiescence under their former wrongs. They
know that the evils already inflicted on us, to
which I have referred, greatly exceed in amount
any injury that Great Britain attempted when she
drove the colonies into resistance. Besides, sir,
their aggressions have infinitely less show of con-
stitutional right or color of natural justice. But
what they now propose is too palpable even for
our southern generosity. If after having been
free for seventy years, the southern States weer
to consent to be thus degraded and enslaved, in-
stead of the pity they would meet the scorn and
contempt of the universe. The men of this gener-
ation, who would be responsible, ought to be
whipped through their fields by their own negroes.
I thank God that there is no one in my district
that I think so meanly of, as to believe that he
would not readily come into whatever movement
might be necessary for the protection of our rights
and liberty. I tell northern gentlemen, :who are
in hopes that the South will be divided, that we
shall not have half as many traitors to hang as we
did Tories in the Revolution.
If gentlemen mean that the Union, upon the
principles of the Constitution,is desirable, 1 will
not controvert that opinion. But the Union
never could have been formed svithout the written
Constitution. So, if you now, by your action,
practically destroy the Constitution, those injured,
if able to resist, will not submit. That instrument
was ordained, in its own language, to "establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, and secure the
blessings of liberty" to all parties to it—namely,
the freemen of the Union. If, therefore, under its
form, gross injustice is done, insurrections excited,
and the citizens of part of the States politically en-
slaved, then the Union ought not to stand, as an
instrument of wrong and oppression.
There is throughout the South a strong attach-
ment to the Union of the States. This sentiment
: rests not so much upon any calculations of interest
as on historic associations and the recollections of
common ancestral struggles and triumphs. Our
people take a pride in the name of the United
States, and in being members of a great republic
that furnishes a cheering example to the friends of
liberty throughout the world. But the events of
the last few years are rapidly weakening this feel-
ing. Seeing that there appeared to be a settled
purpose in the North to put them to the wall,
many of our people, regarding a dissolution of the
Union as the inevitable result of this aggression,
have looked forward to the consequences of such
a state of things.
I will tell northern gentlemen, in the hope that
many of them are not yet past the point of reason,^
what is the view presented m prospect to many of
the highest intellects in the South. It is well
known that the existing revenue system operates
hardly on the South and the West. The Govern-
ment raises upwards of thirty millions annu-
ally by a duty or tax upon imports. But this
system acts very unequally on the different sec-
tions of the country. For illustration of the mode
of operation, I will take a single article. Rail-
road iron is produced m England at so cheap a
rate, that it can be brought to this country and sold,
we may say, for ^40 per ton. This is much cheaper
than our people can nfford to make it at. They
, therefore ask the Government to require the pay-
: merit of $20 per ton by way of duty. The importer
1 therefore, instead of selling for $40 per ton, must
ask $60, to reimburse himself for what he has paid
out abroad, and to the Government. Every per-
son, therefore, in the United States, who purchases
rail-road iron, has to pay $20 more for each ton.
There are, however, some advantages to coun-
terbalance this loss. In the first place, some of
our people, finding that they can make a profit by
selling rail-road iron at $G0 per ton, engage in the,
manufacture, and thus find employment. While so
engaged, these persons consume the produce of the
farmers and others, and thus make a home market
for agricultural productions. We see, however, that
the loss of §20 per ton falls on all those in any part
of the United States who may consume the iron.
But the benefit is confined to those persons who
are engaged in making iron, and those who live so
near them that they can conveniently get their
produce to the factories. In fact, this sort of man-
ufacturing is confined to the State of Pennsylva-
nia, and perhaps a few other localities. But my
constituents can no more pay the manufacturers
of Pennsylvania for iron in the production of their
farms, than they could the British iron-mastfers.
It is therefore to our advantage, as we must pay
for it in cash, to get the iron at the lowest rate.
This is true of the southern and western people
generally. This illustrates the effect of our reve-
nue and protective system. The burden is dif-
fused over the whole country, but the benefit is
limited to the manufacturers and to those persons
who reside so near as to have thereby a better
market; very little more than one-third of the
Union gets the benefit of the system, in exclusion
mainly of the South and West.
It is not easy to measure the precise extent of
this burden, ft has been estimated that two-thirds
of all the articles which would, if imported, be
subject to pay a duty, are produced in the United
States. To return, for ready illustration, to the
case of railroad iron. If two of^every three tons
of iron consumed in the United States were made
in this country, it would follow that the person
who consumed those three tons of iron, while he
paid twenty dollars to the Government on the ton
imported, would pay forty dollars to the homo
manufacturer; and if he lived so far from the man-
ufacturer that he could not pay him in produce, it
would follow that, in fact, while he paid the Gov-
ernment but twenty dollars, he would lose sixty
himself on account of the duty. When, there-
fore, the Government gets, as it is doing, thirty-
three millions of dollars revenue, the whole burden
to the consumers of this country would be one hun-
dred millions of dollars; of this amount, the South
pays, according to its population and consumption,
forty millions of dollars. This sum 1 think too low
in fact. In the Patent Office report, made to the last
session of Congress, (the last one published,) it is
stated by the Commissioner, Mr. Burke, a north-
ern man, that the annual value of articles manu-
, factured in the United States is five hundred and
i fifty millions of dollars. This statement does not
include iron, salt, coal, sugar, wool, the products
of fisheries, and othei* articles on which a duty is
collected; adding these, swells the amount to
nearly 3even hundred millions. Our imports for
that year were unusually large, on account of the
famine abroad. Neverthpless, ail the articles im-
ported, on which a duty is collected, including the
above omitted in the statement of manufactures,
are in value only one hundred and eleven millions
one hundred and fifty-four thousand three hundied
and fifteen dollars. It thus appears that the amount
manufactured in the country is more than six
times that imported. It is not pretended, how-
ever, that this comparison affords a proper measure
of the amount of the burden which the country
may sustain; and that while it pays to the Gov-
ernment thirty-three millions, it pays two hundred
to the manufacturers indirectly, thereby making
the whole loss to consumers, m the first instance,
two hundred and thirty-three millions. Some few
articles are manufactured here as cheaply as they
can be elsewhere; and a very large number, at the
places where they aie made, are cheaper to the
consumer than would be the foreign article when
transported there. It is also true, however, that
in a great many cases the consumer loses even
more than the whole duty, because he is not only
obliged to pay it to the manufacturer or refund it
to the importer, but also a profit or per cent, on
this duty to each trader through whose hands the
article passes before it reaches hi'm. In other in-
stances, the price is intermediate between what it
would be without any duty and that which u
would amount to by the addition of the duty,
i Want of accurate knowledge of all the facts ren-
! ders it impossible to determine precisely the effect
! which our revenue system produces; but that it
! is most powerful and controlling, cannot be de-
nied The Government actually raises more than
thirty miihons per year by these duties. The
manufacturers, who certainly are interested m
selling their productions al a high rather than a
low rate, and who understand their true interests,
attach the greatest importance to the tariff sys-
