1298
^HB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun& 26,
proceedings in said orphans' court, upon such notice to the
parties and in such manner as may seem nghtand proper to
sard orphans' court.
Sec. 8. -And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful
for the Supreme Court, upon motion made, to reinstate on
Its docket any case coming within the purview of this act
which may heretofore have been dismissed for want of juris-
diction only: Providcd} The court shall think the same
right and proper.
Mr- DA.YTON. I will merely state to the Sen-
ate that this will make the bill in substance the
same aa it originally was in this respect. - That
provision has already been voted down by the
Senate. This applies to matters retrospective in
their nature; and I think it is worse in this aspect
than that which we have already voted upon, be-
cause, so far as I can see, it gives power to the
Supreme Court to lay aside everything which has
been heretofore done. I think the sense of the
Senate has already been sufficiently tested on this
point. I hope, therefore, we may take a final vote
as soon as possible.
Mr. DOWNS. The amendment now offered,
although it is very similar, is yet different, in some
respects, from the provision referred to by the
Senator from New Jersey. The object is the
same—that this bill shall have a retroactive effect.
The first proposition did not limit the time for
the taking of an appeal; but' this restricts it to
five years. It therefore allows much less time
than the original bill.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I desire to
know now upon what possible principle the re-
troactive principle of this amendment should be
limited to five years? Why not make it six, or
ten, or twenty?
Mr. DOWNS. To prevent appeals being
taken from cases which had been decided a long
time before.
<Mr. President, before the vote is taken, 1 wish
to make one remark in reply to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Bdtler,] who
stated that it was a thing never heard of that Con-
gress should pass a law containing'the principle
this amendment proposes. When this subject
was up before, I mentioned several cases of the
kind. I mentioned the land case in Arkansas,
where, by an act of Congress, it was referred back
to the courts. I have also mentioned an act passed
by the last Congress, where, after an appeal had
been decided against Florida, by an express act
' of Congress, a rehearing was ordered. It is not,
then, an anomaly to pass an act of this kind, where
the remedy should have a retroactive effect, for I
have stjjwn that you have granted appeals in cases
which have already been decided.
The yeas and nays on the amendment were*
called for by Mr. WALKEPi, and ordered.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, at the request of
the chairman of the Committee on Judicial Pro-
ceedings, 1 have found the law of Maryland to
which the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] referred. It is the act of Maryland of
1832, chapter 208, a part of which 1 beg leave to
read:
"Beit enacted by the General ^JfsemMy of Maryland, That
In all cades no w-pending, or which ruay hereafter arise, where
an issue or issues have been taken, 01 may be sent by any
orphans' court for trial aforesaid, m any county court of this
State," &c.
The act goes on to state that the court of ap-
peals shall have jurisdiction in such case.
Mr. FOOTE. This case will certainly " here-
after arise" if the amendment be adopted. The
law which has been read by the Senator from
Maryland seems to me to justify our proceeding
in this case; for if we adopt the amendment the
case will " hereafter arise."
Mr. HALE. I merely wish to read what the
Chief Justiceof the United States says about the
act of Maryland of 1832. The Chief Justice says:
"In 1832 an act was passed authorizing a writ of error in
such eases, :md staying proceedings in the inferior courts
until a decision was had in the appellate court; and this law
embraces cases which had been tried before its passage, as
well as those which should hereafter take place."
The vote then being taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Chase, Clemens, Davis of
Mississippi, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foote, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Jones, Noms,Rusk, Soul€, toturgeon, and Walker
—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Bell, Demon, Ber-
rien, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts,
.Dawfou, Dayton, Dickinson, Dudge of Wisconsin, Felch,
Greene, Hunter, King, Mason, Miller, Pearee, Phelps, Pratt,
Smith, Tumey, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and Webster
—29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendment which had been made was con-
curred in.
The question being on the engrossmenfof the
bill for a third reading, and it being still open to
amendment—
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, I would merely
suggest that, in my judgment, there should be
some limitation on the time within which an ap-
peal should betaken. This bill proposes to abrogate
the rule of common law that no writ of error shall
be token from an interlocutory judgment. The
reason for this rule is, that, if a writ of error be
taken out, proceedings in the case are suspended
until that writ of error can be determined. I should
like to offer an amendment to limit the time within
which an appeal could be taken to one year.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the bill on the table
in order, to proceed to the consideration of the or-
der -of the day, and in order to give time to the
honorable member from Vermont to prepare his
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union, to establish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
Mr. DOUGLAS addressed the Senate for nearly
two hours. Of his speech a report will appear
in the Appendix.
Mr. WEBSTER. The amendment proposed
by the honorable member from Louisiana is high-
ly important. Instead of finding ourselves,, after
such a long debate, at the commencement of the
end, these propositions carry us back to the very
beginning, and call our attention to the main pro-
position in this bill, which is the admission of
California into the Union as she now presents
herself, with the constitution formed by her peo-
ple. I have a desire to say a few words upon
this subject whenever it may suit the convenience
of the Senate; but considering the advanced perfod
of the session, and the absolute necessity, as I feel
it, of bringing this discussion to a close, whenever
I may be heard by the Senate I shall confine niy-
self to those very few words. An honorable
member connected with one of the committees of
the Senate, as is known to us all, had a purpose
of going into Executive business to-day for some
special object. It has, I believe, continued to be
his purpose, and considering the hour of the day,
I will defer my remarks until to-morrow, if it be
the will of the Senate.
Several Senators. Proceed now.
Other Senators. No, no; to-morrow.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have understood that it
was desired to go into Executive session,and, with
that understanding, 1 will move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed till to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, 1 rise to move
that when the Senate ad journ it adjourn to meet
to-morrow at II o'clock, and at that hour every
day thereafter, until otherwise ordered.
Sir, 1 complain of no one, I reproach no one,
when I say, that it does appear to me, that, out of
respect for ourselves, out of respect for the coun-
try, out of respect for the duty which we owe to
the other public business of the country, we should
ascertain what is to be the fate of this bill. 1
could not, this morning, refrain frdm making a
contrast between the proceedings of another legis-
lative body over the sea, and our own. Upon a
question as to the organic law of the Government of
France, limiting and restricting, to a great extent, the
elective franchise, a body composed of upwards of
700 members decided the question in less than ten
days, passed the bill, and submitted it to the prop-
er authority to be acted upon. And here we
have been nearly two whole months upon a sin-
gle bill, and if any man can see when the ques-
tion is to terminate, I own, for one, that I am
in utter darkness. My purpose, therefore, is to
move that we meetagain at 11 o'clock; and I shall
insist, if the motion prevail, that we sit from day
to day, until a decision is 'had. I ask for the yeas
and nays on my motion.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope ih$ yeas
and nays may be taken on'this motion. I have
risen simply to say that, for one, I shall vote
against it.
Mr. CLAY. I supposed so.
Mr. HALE. I want order preserved when I
address the chair. Sir, I want to call the attention
of the Senate to the authority which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky brings to us as an exam-
ple for our imitation—the proceedings in the
French Chamber upon the organic law regu-
lating the right of suffrage which has just passed
that body. That is the example whicti is brought
up, and the course that that body pursued upon
that subject is held up as a stimulant to us to
come early and sit late, and drive this bill through.
Well, sir> I hope that we will not be very quick to
follow any such example. I think it.would have
been better for the French people and better for the
world, if that chamber had kept that bill under con-
sideration five times as long as we have had this,
before they passed it. And I hope that that infa-
mous measure (for it deserves no other name)
that disfranchises three fourths of the voters of
France, is not to commend itself so favorably to
our consideration as to be adopted as a model, to
govern us in the course that we ought to pursue m
the treatment that we are to give this bill.
Sir, suggestions of this sort have been made so
often that I do not want to vindicate myself from
any part of the reproach which is endeavored to be
thrown on those who, it is said, have delayed the
progress of this bill in the Senate. I leave the
country to settle the question who is guilty of this
delay. If the common and ordinary course of
legislation had been taken upon this subject, with-
out attempting to force the judgments of individ-
uals to take measures which they looked upon to
be reprehensible, for the purpose of obtaining
others which they deemed proper, we Would have
had none of this delay; we should have passed
upon these measures ironths and months ago.
The fact is, that the delay has been created out of
the very attempt to avoid it, and no reproach
should be administered to those who have resisted
an extraordinary course upon this occasion. But
the delay and the blame (and no sophistry cap
conceal it) will be kid by the country and by
everybody that appreciates our situation, to those *
who have resorted to this extraordinary mode of
forcing unpalatable measures upon the Senate and
upon the country, by mixing them up with ques-
tions that commended themsehes to the judgments
of more than three fourths of the Senate. It is for ,
these reasons that I am opposed to pursuing any
extraordinary course beyond that we have here- *
tofore pursued.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the Senator from
New Hampshire is in his usual vocation. There
has not been a proposition for dilatory proceedings
in relation to this bill, since it3 origin to this mo-
ment, to which he has not lent his aid, his coun-
tenance, and his support. He is in his accusomed
vocation.
Sir, did I ci!% the proceeding in France for the
purpose of approving the privation of the right of
suffrage from two thirds of the people ? If the
Senator says so, it is a great perversion of the pur-
pose for which I cited it. 1 cited it to show that
upon a great national measure, involving the rights
of thousands upon thousands, the French Cham-
ber of Deputies, in about ten days, came to a final
decision.
If you go to the other side of the channel, you
will find that it is not common, in the British House
of Commons, to extend the discussions on any
measure, whatever may be its object or character*
more than a week or ten days. And yet here,
nearly two months have been exhausted in the
consideration of this measure. The Senator tells
us that this has resulted from the fact of the con-
necting together of measures, contrary to the usual
mode of parliamentary proceeding. I deny the fact.
This conjunction is not contrary to parliamentary
law. I vindicated the conjunction of the measures
in a manner which no one has yet ventured to an-
swer. It depends upon the discretion, the sound
discretion of the Senate, whether it will mix one
or more measures together, and upon the final
passage of any such combined measure every man
must decide for himself, and according to his own
conscientious convictions, whether he will vote for
the combined measures or not; just as in the case
of a tariff, combining thousands of items,with some
of which he is satisfied, and to others of which he
