204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
tem, and attribute to its operation effects even
greater than I have stated them to be. There
has been less complaint among consumers, because
the cost of most manufactured articles has been
diminishing from time to time. This fall of prices,
however, is partly attributable to the great discov-
eries made during our day in chemistry, mechan-
ism, and the arts generally, by which these arti-
cles are produced with much more facility. It is
also attributable to the comparative tepose of the
world, which has directed capital and labor, for-
merly consumed in .wars, to industrial pursuits.
Hence, though there is a gradual reduction of
prices in the United States, yet it is still more
striking on the other side of the Atlantic. In
Great Britain particularly, as well as in certain
portions of the Continent, such is the accumulation
of capital, and so great the number of laborers
who arc obliged to work for a mere subsistence,
that prices are at the lowest possible rate. We
have a right to take advantage of this state of
things, just as the Europeans do of our cheap pro-
duction of cotton. Instead of giving us half a
dollar a pound, as they used to do, they, as well
as the people of the northern States, seem glad to
get it for five cents per pound, in consequence of
our over production of the ariicle. We have,
therefore, a natural right to purchase their pro-
ductions at the lowest rate at which we can obtain
them, to counterbalance the disadvantage we suf-
fer from the accumulation of a different kind of
capital and labor. To alleviate this burden, we of
the South get back very little in the form of protec-
tion. Why, then, have southern men been willing
to submit to a system so unequal in its operation?
Because, as I have formerly had occasion to state,
in the Convention which made the Federal Consti-
tution there was a bargain made between the North
and the South, that, provided they would allow
our slaves to be represented, to permit importa-
tion for a time, and to deliver up fugitives, the
South would, on its part, agree that a majority
of Congress might have power to pass navigation
or tatiff laws. As the gift of the power under the
circumstances necessarily implied that it was to be
exercised, we felt bound in honor to acquiesce in
the action of the majority. Because, in the second
place, protection to such extent as might give our
infant manufactures a fair start, was calculated to
advance the interest of the nation as a whole,
though for the time it might bear hardly on us.
And because, thirdly, we hoped that the southern
States would after a time get to manufacturing
themselves, as their interest required them to do,
and thus escape the burden. It was thus that
southern gentlemen, even after the North had par-
tially failed to pay its share of the consideration,
with great magnanimity continued to sustain the
system.
The manner of disbursement is also adverse to
our interests. Of the forty-odd millions which the
Grovernmcnt purposes to disburse this year, I do
not believe that five millions will in any way be
expended in all the alavehoklmg States. North
Carolina, for example, is burdened to the extent
of not less than three millions, and yet does not
get back one hundred thousand dollars in any way
from the Government. The clear loss m a pecu-
niary point of view, on account of the action of
the Government, may be set down at three mil-
lions annually. The southern States generally
are in the same situation.
What would be our condition if separated from
the North ? It is difficult to determine the precise
amount of the exports of the slaveholding States,
because it is not practicable to arrive at the-exact
value of that portion which is sold to the free
States. But the amount of our leading staples
being pretty well known—I mean cotton, rice, to-
bacco, sugar, &c.—we can arrive at the whole
value of our exports pretty nearly. They cannot
fall short of one hundred and thirty millions of
dollars, and this year, perhaps, considerably ex-
ceed that sum. This js nearly as much as the
whole of the exports of the United States to foreign
countries. It must be remembered, however, that
though the free States furnish part of our exports,
yet that which they do afford is scarcely so much
as the portion of our own p oducts which goes to
them for consumption. If, therefore, we were
separated, our whole exports to the North and to
foreign countries generally, would be equal to that
sum. Of course we should import as much, and
m fact do at this time consume as much. A duty i
of thirty per cent, on these imports (and most of
the rates of the present tariff law are higher) would
yield a revenue of nearly forty millions of dollars.
As the prices of almost all manufactured articles
are regulated by^the production of the great work-
shops of Europe, whe're the accumulation of cap-
ital and labor keeps down production to the low-
est possible rates, I have no doubt but that sum
would be raised without any material increase of
the prices which our citizens now pay. We
might therefore expend as much as the Govern-
ment of the United States ever did in time of peace
up to the beginning of General Jackson's Admin-
istration, and still have on hand twenty-five mil-
lions of dollars to devote to the making rail-
roads, opening oar harbors and rivers, and for
other domestic purposes. Or, by levying only a
twenty per cent, duty, which the northern manu-
facturers found ruinous to them, as they said, un-
der Mr. Clay's compromise bill, we should be
able to raise some twenty-five millions of dollars.
Half of this sum would be sufficient for the sup-
port of our army, navy, and civil government.
The residue might be devoted to the making of all
such improvements as we are now in want of, and
especially checkering our country over with rail-
roads. Subjecting the goods of the North to a duty,
with those from other foreign countries, would at
once give a powerful stimulus to our own manu- i
guage of my eloquent friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] " devote all they have and all they are
to this cause."
But gentlemen speak of the difficulty of making
the boundary; and the condition of the border
States of Maryland and Kentucky are particularly
referred to. Undoubtedly each State would
have the right to determine for itself to which
section of the Confederacy it would belong. If
these two States were to unite with the North,
then, as it would not be possible for them to change
their condition immediately with respect to slavery,
if they ever did, they would for many years, at
least, form a barrier against the aggressions of the
free States, until, in short, the South would have
becom'e too great and powerful to need such aid.
I take it, however, that their interest would lead
them to prefer an association with the South.
With reference to fugitive slaves, Maryland
would not be materially worse off than 1 have
shown her to be, if she were not in fact less
molested. There would, however, be some great
countervailing advantages. She is in advance
of most of the southern States in manufactures,
and 'a duty on northern imports would give
her for the time better prices on such things as
now come from the North. Baltimore would,
perhaps, from its considerable size and its capital,
become the New York of the South. New York it-
factures. We have already sufficient capital for the • self mustatonce lose more than halfits foreign trade.
purpose. But if needed, it would come in from
abroad. English capitalists have filled Belgium with
factories. Why did this occur ? Simply because
provisions were cheaper there and taxes lowerthan
in England. The same motives would bring them
into the southern country, since both the reasons
assigned are much stronger in our case. It has
already been proved that we can manufacture
some kinds of goods more cheaply than the North.
In New England, too, owing to her deficient agri-
culture, everything is directed to manufacturing;,
and the system is strained up to a point which is
attended with great social disadvantages, so as to
retard population. In the South it need not be
so. The climate and soil are very favorable to
agricultural pursuits. Our slaves might be chiefly
occupied on the farms, while the poorer class of
our white population, and a portion of our females,
could be advantageously employed in manufactur-
ing. We should thus have that diversity in our
pursuits which is most conducive to theprospenty
and happiness of a people.
Our carrying trade would probably for a time
be in the hands of the English and other foreigners.
This* however, would not be to our disadvan-
tage, since northern ship-owners now charge as
much for freight between New York and New
Orleans as they do for carrying it to Canton,
on the opposite side of the globe. The whole
amount of the freight on southern productions,
received by the northern ship-owners, has, on a
minute calculation, been set down at forty millions
one hundred and eighty-six thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars ($40,186,728 ) The
whole value which the North derives from its south-
ern connection has been estimated, by some per-
sons most familiar with these statistics, at more
than eighty-eight millions of dollars. Whoever
looks into the condition of the different States prior
to the formation of the Union, and compaies it
with their situation at first, under low duties, up
to the war arid tariff of 1816, and its successors,
highly protective as they have been, will find the
facts fully sustaining the opinions I have ex-
pressed. Northern writers of elementary books,
made for school-children, of course represent
things differently, and deceive the careless and
ignorant. My opinions on these points have been
settled for a long while past, though I have not
heretofore been in a position where I thought I
could exert any contiolling influence, or effect any
desiiable object, by giving utterance to them.
In throwing out these views, Mr. Chairman, I
have not sought the utmost decree of precision,
but I have no doubt but that all the facts will be
found on examination not less favorable to my
conclusions than I have stated them. My nur- I
pose now is simply to present to northern *n- I
tlemen such general views as are likely now to be
adopted by the South. Your course of aggression
is already arraying against you all the highest
minds of the South—men of hisrh intellect, and
higher patriotism, whose utter indifference to all
personal considerations will make them,in the lan-
Charleston and New Orleans would expand rapidly.
The like might occur to the cities of Virginia.
Even the little towns on the eastern coast of my
own State would more than recover the trade which
they had prior to the war duties and the tariff of
181G. The northern tier of counties in Kentucky
would perhaps be obliged to remove their slaves to
the South. But there would be to her advantages
in the change, similar to those of Maryland. Ken-
tucky supplies the South with live stock to a great
extent; but she has to encounter the competition
of Ohio and other northwestern States. If the
productions of these States were subjected to a
duty, she might for a time have a monopoly in the
trade. I would do injustice to these two States if
I supposed that they would be governed solely or
even mainly by calculations of interest.' Mary-
land and Kentucky are filled with as courageous,
as generous, and as noble-minded men and women
as exist on earth; and following their bold im-
pulses, they would make common cause with their
oppressed sisters of the South, and, if necessary,
take their places where the blows might fall
thickest in the front the column, with the
same high feelings that animated their ancestors on
the battle-fields of the Revolution. Rather than
that they should separate from us, I think it far
more probable that some of the northwestern free
States would find it to their advantage to go with
the South. * But we have been threatened that the
North will take possession of the Lower Missis-
sippi. The British tried that in 1815, but found
Andrew Jackson and some of the southwestern
militiamen in the way. In the thirty-five years
that have since passed, those States have become
populous and strong, and would doubtless be able
to protect their waters from aggression. The
southern States having now a free population of
six millions, and producing in succession such
soldiers as Washington, Jackson, Scott, and Tay-
lor, need have no serious fears of foreign aggres-
sion.
I submit it, then, Mr. Chairman, calmly to
northern gentlemen, that they had better make up
their minds to give us at once a fair .settlement; not
cheat us by a mere empty form, without reality,
but give something substantial for the South. We
might acquiesce in the Missouri compromise line.
I should individually prefer, under all the circum-
stances, giving up the whole of California, provided
we could have all on this side of it, up to about
the parallel of 40°, not far from the northern line
of the State of Missouri, rather than its southern—
36° 30'. We would thus, by getting the whole of
| New Mexico, and having the mountain chain and
desert on the west, obtain a proper frontier. We
might then acquire, at some future day, whether
united or divided, possession of the country along
the Gulf of Mexico, well suited to be occupied by
our slave population. I mean, sir, that no restric-
tion ought to be imposed by Congress on this ter-
ritory, but that after it has been left open to all
classes for a pioper period, the majority may then,
when they make a State constitution, determine
