1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2M
for themselves whether they will permit slavery or
not. The South will acquiesce in any reasonable
settlement.
But when we ask for justice, and to be let alone,
we are met by the senseless and insane cry of
" Union, union!" Sir, I am disgusted with it.
When it conies from noithern gentlemen who ace
attacking us, it falls on my ear as it would do if a
band of robbers had surrounded a dwelling, and
when the inmates attempted to resist, the assailants
should raise the shout of " Peace—union—har-
mony!" If they will do us jusZie?, we do not need
their lectures. As Ions; as they refuse it, their decla-
rations seem miserable, hypocritical cant. When
these things come from southern men, I have even
less respect for them. Even the most cowardly
men, when threatened with personal injury, do not
usually announce m advance that they mean to
submit to all the chastisement which an adversary
may choose to inflict. And those persons who,
seeing the aggressive attitude of the North, and its
numerical power, declare in advance that for their
parts they intend to submit to whatever the major-
ity may do, are taking the best course to aid our
assailants, and need not wonder if the country re-
gards them as enemies of the South.
If northern gentlemen will do us justice on this
great question, we may consent to submit to lesser
evils. We may acquiesce m a most oppressive rev-
enue system. We may tolerate a most unequal dis-
tribution of the public expenditures. We may bear
the loss of our fugitive slaves, incurred because the
Legislatures of the northern States have nullified
an essential provision of the Constitution, without
which the Union could not have been formed, be-
cause mere pecuniary considerations are not con-
trolling with us. We may even permit such por-
tions of the northern people as are destitute of
proper self-respect, to send up here occasionally
doubt but that, as he said, enough had agreed to
have enabled them to effect their purpose, if the
motion to change the character of the amendment
had failed. It is not long since, too, that another
citizen of Massachusetts [Mr. John Davis] de-
feated the two million bill then pending in the Sen-
ate, by speaking till the end of the session. As
northern gentlemen have therefore been accustomed
to this mode of resistance to such measures as
they do not like, I take it that they'would hardly
complain of this kind of retaliation.
I tell gentlemen that if we cannot in advance get
a fairsettlement ofthis question; I should bepleased
to see the civil and diplomatic bill, the army and
navy bill, and all other appropriations, fail. We
should thereby make every officer and every ex-
, pectant of public money directly interested in
; having justice done to the South. It would be far
; better to have this temporary inconvenience for a
year or two, than that we should see a bloody
revolution, or something worse. I hold it to be
the duty of every southern representative to stay
here and prevent, till the close of our official term,
the passage of any measuresthatmighttend to force
our people to unjust submission. In the mean
time the southern States could, in convention, take
such steps as might be necessary to assert their
right to a share in the public territory. If this in
terregnum were to continue long, it might drive both
sections to make provisional governments, to be-
1 come permanent ones ill the end,
I But it is advised, in certain portions of the north-
' ern press, that the members from that section ousrht
1 to expel such as interrupt their proceedings. Let
,, them try the experiment. 1 tell gentlemen, that
l! this is our slaveholding territory. We do not m-
i tend to leave it. If they think they can remove
|l us, it is a proper case for trial. In the present
i: temper of the public mind, it isprobable that a
representatives whose sole business seems to be to 1] collision of the kind here might electrify the c0^"
irritate as much as possible southern feeling, and |, try, as did the little skirmish a Lexing on
     „„-t nf ft,,. I polonies in their then excited state, Such a strug-
pander to the prejudices of the worst part of the
northern community. We may allow that the ji
northern States shall keep up and foster in their j
bosoms abolition societies, whose main purpose
is to scatter firebrands throughout the South, to j
incite servile insurrections, and stimulate, by licen- j
tious pictures, our negroes to invade the per-
sons of our white women. But if, in addition to ^
all these wrongs and insults, you intend to de- ;. , , . . p ,u„
grade and utterly ruin the South, thenton>t_go ;
colonies in their then excited state
g]e, whoever might prove the victors in it, would
not leave here a quorum to do business. Gentle-
men may call this treason—high treason the
highest treason that the world ever saw. But
their words are idle. W^e shall defeat their move-
ment against us. But even if I thought othei wise,
I would still resist. Sooner than submit to what
they propose, I would rather see the South, like
it. We do not love you, people of the North, well
enough to become your slaves. God has given us
the power and the will to (fcsist. Our fathers ac-
quired our liberty by the sword, and with it, at
every hazard, we will maintain it. But before re-
sorting to that instrument, I hold that all constitu-
tionarmeans should be exhausted. It is. sir, a
wise provision of Providence that less force is
required to resist an attack than to make it. The
Constitution of the United States has been well
framed on these principles. While, therefore, a
majority is necessary to pass a measure, one-fifth
of'the members may demand the yeas and nays.
In spite, therefore, of any change of rule which
the majority can make as long as this constitu-
tional provision stands, a minority of one-fifth or
more, if firm, and sustained by the people at home,
can stop the wheels of the Government. If it is
ascertained that no proper settlement can be gotten
of the Territorial question, it would be in the
power of the southern members to defeat all the
appropriation bills, and bring the Government to
a dead halt. Perhaps it might be well to give such
a cup to northern gentlemen; for I well remember
that when the civil and diplomaticappropnation bill
was under consideration, with theamendmentfrom
the Senate known as Walker's, which would have
settled the question of slavery in the Territories, a
number of northern gentleman resolved to defeat
that bill and all other business by constantly call-
ino-for the yeas and nays, if they did not succeed
instriking out that amendment. I recollect per-
fectly, that while I was pressing a Pennsylvania
member to vote against striking out that amend-
ment, which was the pending motion, a member ot
liieh standing from Massachusetts said to me,
"You need not give yourself any trouble about
this matter; if we do not succeed in changing it.
garV.
It was but the other day, and under our own
eyes, that the gallant Hungarians asserted their
independence. Though in the midst of, and strug-
gling against those two immense empires, that
could bring more than a million of armed men
into the field, they were successful at first in beat-
ing down the power of Austria. It was not until
some of her sons became traitors that Hungary
was finally overpowered, borne down, and pressed
to death by the long columns and gigantic strength
of Russia. If necessary, let such be our fate.
«• Better be
Where the extinsnished Spartans still are free,
In their proud chamel of Thermopyte."
Rather let the future traveler, as he passes over
a blackened and desert waste, at least exclaim,
"Here lived and died as noble a race as the sun
ever shone upon." If we were to wait until your
measures were consummated, and your coil, like
that of a great serpent, was completely around us,
then we might be crushed. Seeing the danger, tfe
j have the wisdom and the courage to meet the at-
, tack now', while we have the power to resist. We
j must prove victors in this struggle. If we repel
the wave of aggression now, we shall have peace.
! The Abolitionists defeated before the country on
the main issue, will not have power to molest us.
i I have thus, sir, frankly spoken my opinions on
! thisgreat question, with no purpose to menace, but
! only to warn. Gentlemen of theNorth ought them-
i selves to see that, while submission to what they
j propose would be ruinous to us, it would-not m
! the end be beneficial to their section. Seeing, then,
the ksue in all its bearings, it is for them to de-
cide. They hold in their hands the destiny of the
existing government. Should circumstances divide
" - From all my
we shall prevent its adoption by ' knowledge'of th^ements of your society, 1 have
and nays on motions to adjourn, ai . d btg That we shall, under the favor of Prov-
Sfer* ew=s-«!!e
gentlemen,
11 went through the House, I had no I
In conclusion, I have to say, Do us jus-
tice, and we continue to stand with you; attempt to
trample on us, and we part company.
Mr. HOWARD, obtained the floor. He said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall not, like the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clistgman,] enter into
any arithmetical calculation of the value of the
Union; nor shall I speculate on what may be the
condition of the South, if the unfortunate event of
dissolution shall take place. If this Union shall
ever be dissolved.it will not be done on calculation
as to its advantages to the South; it will rather
be a matter of feeling, that she cannot honorably
remain after she has been degraded socially and
politically by the action of this Government—
denied equality before the law, and excluded from
the common property and benefits of the Union
itself. When that is done, the Union is practically
at an end, and we may as well part " fair foes,
but in peace and without excitement.
Mr. Chairman, I shall join in no wholesale de-
nunciations of the action of the North upon this
subject of slavery. It is neither just nor politic.
There are men in the non-slaveholding States who
have stood by the compromises of the Constitution,
and been honorably sacrificed in their defence.
Nor is this confined to individ uals; there is a party
there that asserted and maintained the principle of
non-intervention in the last Presidental canvass,
who fell with a northern candidate at their head,
pledffed to the South; prostrated too by a southern
candidate, who refused to give such a pledge, yet
who was elected through the instrumentality of
southern votes. It is this that has brought upon
us the danger which now menaces the South and
the Union. Until the last Presidential canvass,
all parties at the South since the agitation of this
subject have exacted from candidates for the
Presidency clear and unequivocal pledges as to
their action. Even Mr.Van Buren,charged as he
has always been with non-committalism, pledged
himself to the veto of any bill abolishing slavery
in the District of Columbia; and that, too, on meie
grounds of expediency, for he admitted the con-
stitutional power of Congress to abolish slavery in
the District. .
Sir, I need not here repeat the incidents of the
late presidential canvass upon this subject; the
Signal letter of General Taylor, and its explana-
tion, and non-committalism upon southern rights;
nor the fact often charged—but never denied—that
it was asserted in one part of the Union that he
would veto the Wilmot proviso, and m the other,
that he would accord it his official sanction.
The deadly blow the South has received lays in
the support by any portion of the South of a can-
didate, and, above all, a southern candidate, thus
situated. The South can only recover from its
effect by great union and energy of action. It hes
had a tendency to make Free Soil and Abolition
agitators believe that we are not in earnest m this
matter. But on this point it is time they were un-
deceived. The South is aroused, and will acf as
one man. , . ,
Sir, I do not doubt that General Taylor is with
the South in feeling, but I distrust his attitude be-
fore the country. I dread the iron necessities of
his political position. The South has lost all the
moral power which the assurance of a veto before
the election could have given us. It can scarcely
be regained now by its exercise.
My object in addressing the committee to-day
i<3, to submit to the House some observations
upon the message communicated by the President
on yesterday, upon the subject of the connection
of the Administration with the present govern-
ments and late movements in California and r<ew
Mexico. It is difficult to determine whether the
message is most remarkable for its revelations ^rits
concealments. The object of the resolution th®
House was to learn whether a southern President
had, by an active interference, induced the people
of California, in their constitution, to adopt the
principle of the Wilmot proviso, and thus exehide
the South from all enjoyment of a country *li ch
was purchased by the blood and treasure of he
South as well as that of the non-sluveholdmgS ates.
The message meets this inquiry by a qualified de-
nial It negativesdictation. It admits an influence
exerted to procure the orsanizat.on of States, but
denies all efTort to control the domestic institutions
of the States. The President admits that his object
in bringing in California and New Mexico as
States was "to remove all occasion for unnecessary
agitation of the public mind,'' Did he not know
