1850..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is opposed, he votes for or against th« tariff, accord-
ing to the manner in which he supposes there is
contained in it a distribution of good or evil. But
even supposing the objection to hold good that this
measure is composed of incongruous parts, is it
never to be decided ? Why, sir, the week before
last it was hoped, it was believed by everybody,
that we should arrive at a decision by the last of
this week. Now no man thinks of any such
thing. When, I ask, are we to come to a deci-
sion of it? ,
Sir, I can go before the country without fear,
without trembling, as to the judgment which will
be pronounced upon the course of action pursued
by the Senate of the United States. Let the
country decide, and decide it by the yeas and nays
upon propositions for adjournment, who has pro-
crastinated this measure. And does the honorable
Senator expect by delay, by procrastination, to
prevent, finally and ultimately, a vote upon this
measure? If not, why not come to a vote ? Why
not accelerate our arrival at that vote by meeting
earlier, sitting longer, and sitting every working
day in the week if,necessary?
Mr. President, I regret this opposition. I am
not, however, surprised at it, because it has been
encountered in every stage of the progress of this
measure.. But, in spite of that opposition, I trust
that a majority, a large majority, of the Senate
will be found in favor of restoring the 11 o'clock
hour for meeting and going on with this business
until we can arrive at a conclusion.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I should not have
said a word if this had been the first time we have
been lectured in this way. I am mistaken if it is
as few as the second. Entertaining very different
views of the subject, I have not hesitated to ex-
press my opinions, and I am not afraid to go be-
fore the country as to the issue .who is the cause
of this delay, and not only who is the cause of this
delay, but who is the cause of this excitem'ent.
This excitement was manufactured herein the first
place, and then a remedy had to be found to cure
the disease which was thus created here. That is
the whole of it.
I do not exactly understand the Senator when
he says that I am in my " usual vocation;" but I
can tell the honorable Senator, when he tells me
that I am in my " usual vocation," that if he
thinks that, by any course of admonition, reproof,
lecture, or anything elsfe, except argument ad-
dressed to what understanding I have, I am to be
driven the thousandth part of a hair's breadth
from my course here, his vocation is gone. 1 will
not do it. I think this whole scheme is mis-
chievous, and I will vote against it in every shape
and form in which it can be presented; and I am
anxious for that vote. If the Senate will agree to
it, I will sit here now, without adjourning, until
the 4th of March. I have sat here all night on
more occasions than one. for the purpose of hav-
ing a vote taken; and I am willing to begin again
now, and not leave the Senate Chamber until a
final vote is taken on this measure. 1 am anxious
that the vote should be taken; but I am not willing
to have these lectures, reproofs, or admonitions,
delivered to us on the course we are pursuing here,
and be driven here early and kept late, with no
possible object except the purpose of producing
apparent haste in the passage of this bill. When-
ever the friends of this bill, whether they consti-
tute a majority or a minority—for there is some
doubt on that point—will come here and agree to
to sit it out, and take a vote on it, they will find
me one that will come first and go last, because-1
think that { could sleep better the next night, after
sitting up one night to vote against this bill.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on Mr.
Clay's motion.
Mr. DA-FIS, of Mississippi. I think those who
have no large amount of committee labor to per-
form should allow such as have it to perform the
intervening hours between breakfast and twelve
o'clock. It is a very easy thing for those who
have nothing to do but to pass from their cham-
bers to the Senate to come at U o'clock. They
might even come at 10 o'clock. But L think it
will be remembered by such persons that there are
other members of this body who have labors, and
important labors, to perform elsewhere than in the
Senate chamber.
The question being then taken on Mr. Clay's
motion by yeas and nays, it resulted as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Atthison, Badger, Belt, Bright, Cass,
1209
Chase, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Down?, Fowte, Ilou«tor ,
Jones, Kins, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris, pratt, Smith
Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, Walker, Webster, and Whit'
comb—30. '
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Berrien, Butler, Clarke,
Clemens, Corwm, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dayton, Greene, Hale, Phelps, SouI6, Twrney, Up-
ham, and Yulee—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LANDS.
The bill from the House of Representatives
granting bounty lands to certain officers and sol-
diers was then taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, as the hour
of meeting: has been changed since the great ques-
tion pending before this body was postponed, I
hope it may be taken for granted, by the universal
consent of the Senate, that to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, instead of one, the consideration of the
order of the day will be resumed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection be
made it will be so understood.
And, no objection being made, it was so under-
stood.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 27, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTESTED ELECTION—IOWA.
Mr. William Thompson, sitting member.
Mr. Daniel F. Millf.r, contestant.
The SPEAKER announced the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Elections in the
above case as the first business in order.
Mr. McGAITGHEY, who was entiled to the
floor, said; Mr. Speaker, in the discussion of the
questions involved in the contested election now
before the House, I shall first notice a few of the
positions assumed *by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Elections, and then I shall pay
my respects to the honorable gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. McDonald,] who addressed the Flouse
yesterday.
In the first place, the report of the honorable
chairman assumes that it is the report of the ma-
jority of the committee. The truth of this I deny.
The Committee on Elections took a vote, by ayes
and noes, on every question in dispute; that is,
on the validity and reception of the votes m the
three precincts upon which the validity of the
election depends. The majority of the committee
decided that the Kanesviile vote was legal, and
ought to have been received and counted; and a
majority of the committee also decided against the
validity of the vote in Boone township, in Boone
county, situate in the second congressional district,
and also against the vote cast by certain persons
in Boone township, in Dallas county. Now, sir,
it is an admitted fact, that if Kanesviile be admit-
ted, and the other two rejected, the contestant is
elected and entitled to his seat. But the hon-
orable chairman comes to the conclusion that his
report expresses the views of the majority of the
committee, because, as individuals, a majority can
agree on the result that Mr. Thompson is elected;
and thatmost singular concurrence, as individuals,
in a result different from their joint determination
as a body, is brought about in this way: Mr.
Ashk votes with the majority m favor of the
admission of the votes at Kanesviile, and with
the minority against the rejection of Boone town-
ship, in the second district, and as it requires
the admission of the first and the rejection of the
other to decide the case in favor of Mr. Miller, it
follows that Mr. Ashe comes to the final result
by his individual computation that Mr. Thompson
is elected. While, on the other hand, Mr. Har-
ris, of Alabama, and Mr. Harris, of Tennessee,
voted in committee with the minority against the
admission of Kanesviile, and with the majority in
favor of the rejection of Boone township, in the
second district; but as they are in the minority
against the Kanesviile vote, although in the ma-
jority in regard to the other question, they can by
their computation arrive at the final conclusion
that Mr. Thompson is elected. This presents
singular anomaly of men agreeing in a result, sudK
disagreeing about the very facts necessary to pro  -
duce that result.
Now, sir, I maintain, that inasmuch as a major-
ity of the committee agree upon a state of facts
which shows conclusively that the contestant has
received a majority of the legal votes, that it fol-
lows, as a necessary consequence, that the honor-
able chairman had no right to make a report which
denies the right to a seat of the person thus de-
cided to have received a majority of the votes;
and that his report, submitted under such circum-
stances, should not, and cannot be regarded as the
majority report. If I am correct in this conclusion,
then it follows that the caption to the report in
favor of the contestant, interpolated by the printer,
or placed there by improper direction, is deceptive
and untrue. It is headed "Minority Report,"
&c., while the real minority report has thecaption
of a majority report. This would seem to be too
small to justify so extended a notice; but it is a
known fact, that in this body a very large number
look only to see which way the majority of the
committee having charge of the subject have de-
cided it, and then go with that majority, without
further investigation.
There is another matter to which I desire to call
the attention of the honorable chairman, and he
can answer me when he comes to make his clos-
ing argument. It is this: Why did he not, in the
conclusion of his report (as he undertook to show
by tables the result of the election as it had been
decided in committee) show the whole result, and
not a part only? I grant the truth of all putin
the tables; but he omits a part of that which is
equally true; and the effect is, that it is well calcu-.
lated to mislead aft inattentive readers. I have
said before, that the committee decided to admit
the vote cast at Kanesviile, and reject both of the
Boone township votes. In his tables he shows,
that_by admitting Kanesviile and rejecting Boone
township, m Dallas county, that the member now
occupying the seat, is elected by fifteen votes.
Why not show how it would stand by rejecting
the other Boone township, situate in the other
congressional district ? Both were rejected. I am
led to suppose, sir, that an exhibition of this last
fact did not suit his purposes. If he had done this,
he would have shown that the contestant was
elected by a considerable majority; and if he had
gone a little further, and shown how the matter
stood by admitting the vote of Boone township,
in Dallas county, instead of rejecting it, he would
have shown a still larger majority in favor of th®
contestant.
The honorable chairman has very earnestly ex-
pressed the hope that his argument will not be
considered as technical. Let us see whether it
ought to be. It is an admitted fact by all, himself
included, that all of the persons who voted at
Kanesviile, and in Boone township, in Dallas
county, were citizens of the State of Iowa; and
had resided there long enough to be entitled to
vote, and were not a part, but all of them, actual
residents of the first congressional district, and
had the undoubted right to vote for Congressmen
at that election. But while the right to vote is
admitted, it is contended that the right has been
exercised in the wrong place. The question, then,
is simply this; shall these people be disfranchised
because they'have mistaken the place where their
votes ought to have been cast? The whole argu-
ment*by the honorable chairman and my colleague
is nothing more than a tissue of technicalities, by
which they hope to deprive the people (in this in-
stance, at least) of their choice, and force them to
be represented by a person whom a majority of
them have voted against.
But, Mr. Speaker, before I enter further into
the argument of the legality of the votes cast at
the three precincts in dispute, I desire to turn my
attention to the remarks of the honorable gentle- •
man from Indiana, [Mr. McDonald.] He finds
great fault with the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] for saying that he
spoke of these questions as a lawyer. He says
that " he speaks too much like a lawyer," where-:
as he ought to have spoken as a judge—that he-
was sworn to try the case as a judge and not as a
lawyer; and as for himself, he (the gentleman
from Indiana) did not intend to speak as a lawyer,
but would lay aside (as every one ought, to do)
all prejudice and party feeling, and try the case
