1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
xtpon His oath as a judge. I do not doubt that- my
Indiana friend intended to do all that he promised;
nevertheless, it soon became manifest that he could
not perform so difficult an undertaking. The first
step he takes in his career of fairness—judicial
fairntss—is to abuse the character of a Mr. Pick-
ett, against whom nothing is shown in the evi-
dence, and then reads only such portions of the
evidence of Orson Hyde as to create a false impres-
sion that Fitz Henry Warren, esq., had given him
a letter of credit on the Hon. Truman Smith, from
' whom he received the money with^which he pur-
chased his printing press, and omitted to read the
balance of the evidence, by which it is shown that
be obtained no money whatever from either Mr.
"Warren or Mr. Smith, but that he obtained a loan
of money on letters of credit received from gentle-
men in Illinois, and with it purchased his press
and type.
Mr. McDONALD here interposed, and said
that he thought that he had read all of the evi-
dence upon that subject."  
Mr. McGAUGHEY continued: If the gentleman
read all of the evidence upon that subject, he must
have done so in a very low tone of voice, as no
one on this side of the House heard a woid of it.
But, sir, the gentleman does an injury to himself,
and his character for fairness, when he declares
that he read all of the evidence. If he knew
what the truth was, he knew that Orson Hyde
obtained no money from either Mr. Smith or Mr.
Warren, and yet, with a full knowledge of the
fttcts, he parades the matter before the House for
no other purpose than to create a false impression.
If he did not design to cast an imputation upon
those gentlemen, why say anything about it? and
if he did design to cast an imputation of bribery
upon those gentlemen,'in the face of the evidence
of his own witness, then it shows that it may
well be questioned whether he is capable of acting
the fair and upright judge, to the extent he has
promised. He bids fair, in my opinion, to soil the
ermine of thejudge, in the beginning of his career.
Again, the honorable gentleman from Indiana
reads from the evidence of Elder Orson Hyde, to
show that he wrote a letter advising the Mormons
to vote for the Whig candidates, and attempts to
connect this letter with Colonel Warren and Mr.
Truman Smith, and omits to read from the previ-
ous part of the evidence of the witness, in which
he states that he then was, and for many years
had been, a Whig. This would have explained the
whole matter. I can see no more impropiiety in
a Whig Mormon writing to Mormons to vote the
Whig ticket, than any other Whig writing to them,
or to any other persons that might be influenced
by such means. A man knows but little about
the politics of this country, and the management
of parties, that does not know that the writing of
such a letter as the one which seems to have been
written by this Whig Mormon to his Mormon
friends, was nota thing out of ths ordinary course
of electioneering. This is another specimen of
the gentleman's fairness—judicial fairness. But I
am not done with him yet; he reads the letter of
Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, for the purpose of
inducing the belief that he had, as chairman of
the Whig State Central Committee, purchased up
the Mormon vote through the agency of Mr.
Hyde and Mr. William Pickett; and while such
is manifestly the object of the gentjeman, it is
equally manifest that the letter shows the very
reverse. It is an unqualified denial of the charge.
But as he was so anxious to show who used the
money argument with the Mormons, why did he
not turn to pages 17 and 18 of the evidence, and
read the truth, as sworn to by a man of his own
party, (nota Mormon,) that'the Democrats had
given Mr. Townsend money to go to the Mormon
country, and stay there until after the election,
and that he did so, and exeited himself to his
utmost for the Democrats. How does the sup-
pression of this fact tally with his pretensions to
judicial fairness? Verily, the gentleman, in his
fair and anxious researches after truth, has been
actuated by so much zeal, that in his race he has
run over the thing that he was in search of. This
I could pardon and overlook, but for the fact, that
while he tailed to find any of the truth, he was so
unfortunate as to gather up all the falsehoods
that had collected upon his pathway. So much
for the gentleman's fairness, who was so disinter-
ested that, free from eftl prejudice and party feel-
ing, he was able to try the case, on his oath, as a
judge. Mr.Speaker, when I heard the gentleman
setting out in his speech with such a flourish, I
anticipated just such an exhibition as we have
had from him. i recollected that he had made his
appearance before the committee as the legal ad-
viser and friend of the sitting member, and al-
though the majority of the committee were of
the same political party with the sitting member,
still my colleague could not trust them with the
cause, but must thrust himself before the com-
mi^ee, to see, I suppose t that justice was done. I
thought it was strange if the gentleman could, in
so short a time, loose all the anxiety of the attor-
ney, and sit so impartially in the same case, as a
5worn judge. But, sir, by way of capping the
climax, my colleague after, he had thus paraded,
and to his own satisfaction at least established, his
first intentions, and also his capacity, for fair judi-
cial investigation, he asserts, with a modesty as
peculiar to him as, under all the circumstances, it
was singular, " that he had no manner of doubt
upon the questions before the House." The gen-
tleman will pardon me, Mr. Speaker, for saying,
that there is a class of men that never doubt
Washington Irving has given to the world, in one
of his works, a fancy sketch of one of those men
in the person of Doctor Vonpoudding Caugh, a
man whose ideas were always so ponderous and
so large, that there was no room in his head to
turn them over, and hence he could never see but
one side of them. Lord Coke was a man of an-
other and quite a different class, and I beg to call
the attention of my respected colleague, to a pas-
sage from the writings of that great judge. He
said, " that the more a man readeth, the more he
doubteth;" probably had he read more, he would
have had less confidence m the opinions he put
forth with such boldness. At least, I will venture
the assertion that, as the matter now stands with
my friend, no one can say to him with truth, as
was once said to St. Pnul, " that much learning
hath made him mad." If his mind is in any
way affected, it must be ascribed to some other
cause.
Bu'. as my time is fast coming to a close, I must
return to the honorable chairman. I want him to
tell me how it comes, that in his report, he has
placed the responsibility growing out of the steal-
ing of the poll-book, upon the poor clerk. Why
not place it#where it justly belongs—where the
evidence places it?—the actual abstraction of it
from the clerk's office, upon Hall, the attorney for
the sitting member, and the responsibility of the
actual keeping in possession and concealing it,
knowing it to have been stolen, from the spring of
1849 to the spring of 1850, upon the sitting mem-
ber himself? And, sir, the sitting member thus
kept it without making it known that he had it,
although the papers of the State of Iowa were filled
with speculations arid charges in relation to its
loss—the Democrats charging the Whigs with
having stolen it, for the purpose of gaining a paity
advantage; and this charge was made so often, and
repeated with so much boldness, that the honest
portion of the Democratic party believed it. .Not-
withstanding all this, the sitting member never dis-
closed the fact that it was in his possession. That
the clerk was censurable to some extent,—yea, to
a very great extent, is true, but he was the least
culpable of all the parties engaged in this nefarious
business. The evidence in regard to this matter
shows that the Kanesville poll-book was returned
to the clerk of Monroe county on the morning of
the proper return day, by the returning officer;
that the clerk, under the advice of Mr. Hall, the
attorney of the sitting member, who had traveled
about one hundred miles to give the advice, refused
to receive the poll-book; but, in the evening of the
same day, he did receive it, and placed it away on
his table, under some books. The next we hear
of it, according to the evidence. Judge Mason,
also attorney of Mr. Thompson, in attempting to
serve a notice on the contestant, handed to him by
mistake the identical poll-book which h-^d so mys-
teriously disappeared from the clerk's office; then
the whole matter came out, in depositions which
were taken for the purpose of ascertaining the facts.
And it appeais by Mr. Hall's own account of it,
that the day after the poll-book was taken from
the clerk's office, he was told by a man, (whose
name he does not eive,) that the poll-book was in
his carpet sack. He did not look for it until he got
near one hundred miles from that place, and then,
] sure enough, found it there; that he kept it until
last spring a year ago, when he handed it over to
the sitting member. Now, sir, in view of these
facts, I assert that there- is little room to doubt that
Hall was himself the man that fraudulently ab-
stracted it, and that the sitting member had it in
this city during all the time last winter, when
the subject was under discussion in the committee,
and that while he was before the committee, urging
in speeches, and in written arguments, that the
committee ought not to receive as evidence, a
sworn copy fcf the original, until the contestant
had first proved the destruction or loss of the
oiiginal, or given him notice of the time and place
of taking and making out the sworn copy, so as
to enable him to guard against fraud and imposi-
tion in making it, he at that very time had that
original poll-book here in this city. I assert,
that before he sent it back to Iowa, he showed it
to the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
McDonald.] Now, s r, while it is clear that the
conduct of the clerk was highly censurable, be-
cause he deprived the balance of the board of
canvassers from passing in judgment upon the
validity of the Kanesville vote, which board was
composed of the clerk and two justices of the
peace, what can be said by me, or any other
gentleman, of the conduct of the sitting member?
Can any one justify, or excuse it? Why not,
then, place the responsibility where it justly be-
longs? Let the honorable chairman answer. I
allege, that if the sitting member had been fairly
elected, it would still be the duty of every honor-
able man, on this floor, to expel him for his con-
duct in this matter. I have no idea of letting the
poor clerk, (wKo was, at the worst, but an instru-
ment in the hands of knaves to carry on their de-
sign) be made a scape-^oat, to carry off the sins
of greater offenders. The sitting member should
have returned the* poll-book to the clerk immedi-
ately.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, interposed to set the
gentleman right, as he was misrepresenting the
facts. He stated, that when the election took place
he was a member of this House, and remained
here until some time after; that the entire trans-
action of getting up the vote was concocted but
one month prior to the election, and there being
no telegraph at that time, he could not have known
what was goiijg on at home. The evidence did not
state that Mr. Hall assured him that he (Mr. H.)
had these poll-books, nor did it show that he
(Mr. T.) knew anything about it until the spring
of 1849—nearly a year after. Yet the gentleman
from Indiana said that he (Mr. T ) ought to have
sent back the poll-book immediately I These poll-
books were handed to him (Mr. T.) as the only
man interested, to guard against fraud. The in-
sinuation that he (Mr. T ) denied that any such
poll-book was in existence, arose from the fact
that in his argument he had denied that the evi-
dence adduced was sufficient to prove that any
such original book was in existence. He had made
it only as argument. These were the facts. He
had told Mr. Miller, in committee room, that when
it should be called for, the poll-book should be
forthcoming.
Mr. McGAUGHEY continued: I am not now
speaking of the organization of the Kanesville pre-
cinct, but will do so in a short time. The gentle-
man admits my statement, that the poll-book was
delivered to him in the spring of 1849, and does
not now deny that he had it here while the case
was under investigation before the committtee, and *
will not deny it. He asserts, as an apology for
not returning it, that he was the only one interest-
ed in its safe custody, and wished to guard against
fraud. Had the contestant no interest in it? Had
the people of that county and district no interest
in it? The excuse is too shallow for comment.
He admits in his explanation more than I had
charged him with, in relation to his denials before
the committee. Pie admits that he denied before
the committee, in his arguments, "thai the evidence '
adduced teas sufficient to provp that any suck original
poll-book to as it t existence. He had made it only as
argument." What does this amount to, but an
acknowledgment that he denied its existence? But
he wants to crawl out of it, on the ground that he
denied it only in argument. This helps the mat-
ter much. His denial is to be taken in a Pickwick-
ian sense. A new idea—that a man may deny the
truth in argument, with a design to deceive those
to whom the argument is addressed, and then,
when the exposure comes out, say, Oh / it was
