206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
that this could be effected only by adopting the
Wilmot proviso m these new constitutions ? and
was there any other object in advising these people
to come in as States instead of applying for territo-
rial governments? Was not the Wilmot proviso
the only moving object to this advice f
The President reters the country to the letter of
the Secretary of State to Mr. T. Butler King. In
that of Mr. Clayton to Mr. King, dated April 3,
1849, this remarkable passage occurs:
« You are fully possessed of the President's views, and
can with propriety suggest to the people of California the
adoption of measures best calculated to give them effect.
These measures must of course originate with themselves."
What does this imply when addressed to Mr.
King ? That, as a member of Congress, and polit-
ical friend of the President, he was in possession
of all his views—views not quite safe to place upon
paper; that " with propriety" he could inculcate
those views upon the people of California, with
all the force and authority of his relation to the
President.
Why, sir, the result speaks trumpet-tongued to
the country. I)) a short time after these views
were known in California, the impression was
made upon that country that California could not be
received into the Union without the adoption of
the Free Soil principle in her constitution, and her
convention acted under the coercion of that belief,
to the exclusion of the South. Is it not evident,
from the letter of Secretary Clayton, that Mr.
King, if'not other agents of the Government, had
verbal instructions and views, which the written
correspondence and the message do not develop ?
And what is the difference in principle and re-
sult in this case, between the persuasion and the
dictation of the special agent of the Administra-
tion ?
Indeed, the President admits that the present
constitution of California was adopted by his ad-
vice, but not exclusively, &c. He says:
" If, is understood that the people of the western part of
California have formed a phut of a State constitution, and
will soon submit the same lo the judgment of Congress, and
anply for mhni>sion as a State. This course on their part,
though in accordance with, was not adopted exclusively in
consequence of, any cxpie&sion of my wishes, inasmuch as
rtiKi>ur(!8 lending to this end had been promoted by the
officers sent there by my predecessor, and were already m
active progren* of execution before any communication from
me reached California."
Thus his wishes were expressed, touching this
" plan of a State constitution !"
Such, sir, was the intervention of the non-inter-
venllon of the President of the United States in the
domestic affairs of California. However well in-
tended, it is a precedent of most dangerous import.
If the President of the United States, with all the
authority of his position, is allowed by sending
special emissaries to promote his wishes as to do-
mestic institutions in new States about to be formed,
it is quite evident that in the process of time he
will get to control their forms of government. He
will dictate their principles. He will practically
reduce the new States to petty corporations. It is
an interference—not to say an excess of power
by the President—which ought to be resisted at
the very threshold, and before it grows into a pre-
cedent.
The President, in his message, as to the contin-
uance of the military governments in California
and New Mexico, professes to have done nothing
more than to carry out the measures of the last !
Administration. But in relation to the government i
of New Mexico, this is clearly erroneous. Mr.
Polk never contemplated the continuance of the
military government in Santa Fe on the east bank
of the Rio Grande. On the contrary, he recom-
mended, in his annual message of 1849, that the
territorial government of New Mexico should be
confined to the west bank of the Rio Grande, and
the rights of Texas respected. He says:
« The existins condition of California, and of that part of
NewM<xieo Ivingwest ot the Rio Grande, and without
the hunts of Texas, imperiously demand that Confess
should, at it* present s^sion, organize territorial govern-
ments over tlu m.
"Upon the exchange of the ratifications of lite tientj of
peacc with Mexico of the thirtieth ol May last, the tempo-
rary governments which had been established over New
Mexico and California by our military and naval command-
ers, bv wrtue of the right-* of war, ceases to derive any
obligatory force from that source of authority; arid having
been ceded to the United State-*, all government and con-
trol over them, under the authority of Mexico, had ceased
to exiftt.
" Impressed with the necessity of establishing territorial :
governments over them, I recommended the subject to the j
favorable consideration of Congress in my message com- j
manicating the ratified treaty of peace, on the sixth of July '
last, and invoked their action at thatsession. Congress ad-
journed without making any provision for their government.
" The inhabitants, by the transfer of their country, had be-
come entitled to the benefits of our laws and Constitution,
and yet were left without any regularly organized govern-
ment. Since that time, the very limited power possessed
by the Executive has been exercised to preserve and pro-
tect them from the inevitable consequences of a state
of anarchy. The only government which remained was
that established by the military authority during the war.
Regarding this to be a de jacto government, and that, by the
presumed consent of the inhabitants, it might be continued
temporarily, they were advised to conform arid submit to it
forthe short intervening period before Congress would again
assemble and could legislate on the subject. The views
entei taincd by the Executive on thid point are contained in
a communication of the Secretary of State, dated, the
seventh of October last, which was forwarded for publica-
tion." *
The Governor of Texas, in his message in No-
vember last, communicates the fact to'the Legisla-
ture of that State, that the military commandant
at the post of Santa Fe had refused to permit the
authorities of Texas to organize thecounty of San-
ta Fe, and exercise civil jurisdiction, claiming him-
self to be the Governor, if not the Government of
that country. It is also a well-known fact, that
on the proclamation of Lieutenant-Colonel Refill, n
convention was assembled in Santa Fe, which or-
ganized a Territorial Government, disregarding
the rights of Texas.
The President seems to lament that New Mex-
ico had not formed a State government by dis-
membering: Texas, so as be admitted into the
Union in that form. He appears to be in favor of
non-intervention as to the rights of Texas at pres-
ent, inasmuch as New Mexico did not adopt the
srentle persuasion or advice to present herself as a
State, instead of forming a Territorial Govern-
ment. At all events, he expresses the opinion,
if that had been done, the Supreme Court of the
United States would have had jurisdiction.
Sir, I deny the power of this Government to
dismember a State, and thus create a jurisdiction
in the Supreme Court by making two or more
States out of one. To admit such a principle, is
not only to give the Federal Government absolute
control over the boundary of any State in the
Union, but to concede a power which might be
used for the annihilation of all States. It is utterly
inconsistent with the idea of sovereignty, aod in the
case of Rhode Island and Massachusetts, the Su-
preme Court said that each State was sovereign
within its boundaries, except as to the powers
conceded to the Federal Government. It is well
received law, since the cose of Mabury and Madi-
son, that the original jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court cannot be enlarged by the legislation of
Congress. The Supreme Court cannot take juris-
diction of a case between a State and a Territory.
A State cannot be sued without its consent in any
court, and the States have given no consent to be
arraigned before the Supreme Court at the suit of
the Federal Government. The Constitution con-
tains no such principle, and Congress can confer
no such jurisdiction.
Tt is difficult to understand how, on general
piinciples, the United States can be both party and
judge by settling this matter in her own courts.
What power have her courts over the subject more
than those of Texas? Texas had her boundaries
when entirely independent of the United States.
And they are beyond the jurisdiction of this Gov-
ernment any fuither than she has placed them un-
der it by the articles of annexation.
Sir, the right of Texas has been acknowledged
by all the Departments of this Government in every
possible manner. The right of Texas is the only
justification of the war with Mexico. Tt was re-
cognized bv Congress, when it declared that the
war existed by the act of Mexico. That act was
the shedding of American blood upon American
soil, on the banks of the Rio Grande. Do gentle-
men mean to back out from that vote, and now
hold the country up to the civilized world as guilty
of a war of conquest and aggression without
cause? This cannot be done without disgracing
not only the last Administration, but the American
Government and people., It would be to admit be-
fore the world the justice of every accusation made
against us by Mexico during the war. *
The boundary of Texas was settled between the
United States and that Republic by a convention
entered into at Washington, April 28, 1838. It
recites that—
"The treaty of limit?, made and concluded on the 12th
day of January, 1828, between the United States ot America
on the one part, and ths United Mexican States on the
other, is binding upon the Republic of Texas, the same
having been entered into at a time when Texas formed a
part of said United Mexican States; and whereas it is deemed
proper and expedient, in order to prevent future disputes and
collisions between the United States and Texas, in reg.ird
to the boundarv between the two countries, as DESIGNA-
TED by that SAID TREATY, that a portion of the same
should be run and maiked without unnecessary delay;" &c.
It was then provided that commissioners
"Shoui'd proceed to run and maik that poition of the
said boundary which extends from the mouth of the Sabine,
where that river enters the Gulf of Mexico, to the Red
River."
The treaty with Mexico, of 1828, established,
the boundary between Mexico and the United
States, as defined by the treaty with Spain, of
1819, as follows:
" The boundary line between the two countries west of
the Mississippi shall begin on the Gulf ot Mexico, at the
mouth of the river Sabine, m the sea, continuing north
along the western bank of that river to the 32d degree of
latitude; thence by a line due north to the degree of
latitude where it strikes the Rio Roxo of Nachitoches, or
Red River; thence following the course of the Rio Roxo
westwairi to the degree of longitude 100 west from London
and 23 fiom Washington; thence crossing the said Red
River and running thence by a line due noith to the river
Arkansas; thence following the course of the southern bank
of the Aikausas to its souice in latitude 42 north; and
thence by that parallel of latitude to the South Sea.
By solemn treaty, then, between the United
States and the Republic of Texas, this boundary is
settled. It was the recognition of the boundary as
declared by the Texas act of Congress of 1836,
which is as follows :
" Beginning at the mouth of the Sabine river, and running
west along the Gulf of Mexico, three leagues from land, to
the mouth of the Rto Grande; thence up the principal stream
of said river to its souice; thence due north to the forty-
second degree of north latitude; thence along the boundary
line,as defined in the treaty between the United States and
Spain, to the beginning. And that the Piesident be, and is
hereby authorized%id required, to open a negotiation with
the Government of the United States of America as soon as,
in his opinion, the public miest requires it,to ascertain and
define the boundary line as agreed upon in said treaty."
It is therefore apparent that the Convention of
1838 had express reference to the Texas act of
boundary of 1836, and was intended as a specific
and entire recognition of her boundary on the east
and north, as it had previously existed with Spam
and Mexico.
So far as the United States is concerned, Texas
requires no higher settlement of her boundary than
this convention, thus ratified by all the departments
of her Government. According to the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States, when two
Governments once agree upon a boundary line, it
is conclusive both upon the Governments and the
people. Such is the dfbtrine of the recent cases of
Pool and Flecger, and of Massachusetts and Rhode
Island.
It was evidently the intention of the joint reso-
lutions of annexation to admit Texas with the
boundary as claimcd by herself. They declare—
"That Congress doth consent that the territory property
included within, and rightfully belonging to, the Republic of
Texas-, may be created into a new State," &c.
It further provides:
"Now Stales of convenient size, not exceeding four in
number, in addition to said State of Texas, and having
bulliujuit population, may bereaftei, by the consent of said
State, be formed out of the tenuoiy thereof, which shall be
entitled to admission under the provisions of the Federal
Constitution. And such States as may be formed out of that
pomon of said territory lying south of 38° 30' north latitude,
commonly known as the Missouri compromise line, shnll he
admitted into the Union with or without slavery, as the
people of each State asking admission into the Union may
desire. And in such State or States as shall be toimed out
of said territory north of said compromise line, slavery or
involuntary servitude (except foi crime) shall be prohibited.'
On the boundary of Texas, the only limit placed
was the following:
<• Said State to be formed, subject to the adjustment by
ibis Government ot all questions of boundarj' that may arise
with other Government*."
These provisions are to be construed together,
and they show conclusively that the compact rec-
ognized not only the country north of 36° 30f as
belonging to Texas, but that the boundary as
claimed by Texas was admitted as her rightful
boundary, subject only to the condition of the ad-
justment of all questions of boundary with " other
Governments." The whole object of this condition
was to enable the United States to avoid a war, by
negotiation with Mexico. It was a naked power,
conferring no interest on the United States, and
must be strictly construed, according to well-settled
canons of construction. It constituted the United
States an agent, or trustee, to settle the Texas
boundary by negotiation with other Governments.
