1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
done by way of argument!! This idea is worthy
of the keeper of the stolen poll-book. Such a con-
ception would not likely originate with any one
else.
Mr. Speaker, I have said before, and now re-
peat it, that if the contestant is allowed all the
legal votes cast for him by the legal voters in his'
district, that he is elected, although yon allow to
the sitting member all the votes cast for him in
the district, and also those cast for him by the
persons residing in the other congressional district.
The question then is, shall the votes cast at Kanes-
villeand in Boone township, in Dallas county, both
in the first congressional district, by citizens resi-
ding in, and legal voters of the district, because,
as is alleged, those persons voted at the wrong
places m the district, be rejected, although the
right to vote in the district is admitted, if the vote
had been cast in the right place ? Then it is a
mere technical objection, and nothing else. Now,
in order to give these Iowa laws a proper con-
struction, we must look to the circumstances under
which they were enacted, the condition of the
country at the time, and the objects intended to
be accomplished. The eastern part of the State
had been first settled, and organized into coun-
ties, and there was also a large tract of country
lying west of those organized counties, of more
than a hundred and fifty miles in width, and ex-
tending north and south along the entire western
side of the State; this country was an entire wil-
derness, unsurveyed, and but few settlements
scattered through it. In order to bring these
sparse settlements under the legal jurisdiction of
the State, and confer upon them also the rights
of citizenship, laws were passed attaching to the
organized counties, all the territory lying west of
them for election, revenue, and judicial purposes.
The Legislature must have known, when they
passed those laws, that there was no means of
knowing exactly and certainly the location of
settlements one hundred and fifty miles west, in a
wilderness without roads, and unsurveyed; and
hence the Legislature could not have designed that
in elections the people should lose their right of
voting because the county court should, in organi-
zing a precinct, or township, make a slight mis-
take, and organize the precinc#a few miles, or
a half mile, north or south of a line running
due west from either side of the county The
Legislature must have foreseen, that if their laws
were to have a rigid and technical construction-,
that the laws would be rendered totally inopera-
tive. All the people on the Missouri river, with-
xnvfifry miles of Kanesville, seem by the evidence
to have been honestly mistaken as to what coun-
ties they were west of, and the county court of
Monroe county labored under a like mistake, sup-
posing Kanesville to lie west of Monroe county.
But it seems that when the Government came to
run out its township lines, it was ascertained for
the first time that all were a little mistaken. The
Legislature must, as I said before, have foreseen
that just such mistakes would occur. In view of
-these facts, I hold that the only way to make these
laws operative and effectual, to carry out the ob-
ject for which they were passed, is to give them a
liberal construction; and by all means this ought
to be done in favor of a people in the exercise of
their .elective franchise-—a right so inestimably
dear to freemen. Upon these principles, therefore,
I hold that the Kanesville vote ought to be re-
ceived and counted, and for the same reasons also
the vote in Boone township, in Dallas county,
should be received. But, sir, there are some ad-
ditional reasons why Kanesville should be re-
ceived. The court that established the precinct
were the party friends of the sitting member, and
so was the sheriff; and for many days before, and
- on the day of election, a lar?e number of the lead-
ing Democrats were there, participating in the elec-
tion, using all theirmfiuence, and some of their
money, for the Democratic ticket, and voting for
it also. After all this, can they take advantage of
their own wrong? The only remaining question
to be examined is, whether the vote in Boone
township, in Boone county, should be received
and counted. The facts are these: In 1845^the
Legislature attached this Boone county to PWIk.
for election purposes. Afterwards, in 1847, the
Legislature passed the districting act, laying off
the State into two congressional districts, by which
the northern boundary line of Polk county was
made the lme of division between the two con-
gressional districts, and then provided that the
congressional district line should run from the
northwest corner of Polk county, due west, to the
State line; and that all the country south of that
line should form a part of the first district, and all
north of it should form a part of the second dis-
trict. By this districting law the counties of Boone
and Story were thrown into the second district,
and the county of Dallas was thrown into the first.
It must also be borne in mind, that the act by which
the county of Boone was attached to Polk for elec-
tion purposes, also attached for the same purposes
to the same county, both of the counties of Da^as
and Story, and all of the territory west and north
of them; and also the territory north of Boone
county.
Now, sir, I lay it down as a settled principle of
the law, that where two acts'of a Legislature come
in conflict with each other, that the last one enact- !
ed repeals the former. If this be so, then it fol-
lows that the law of 1845, attaching to Polk county
for election purposes the counties of Boone, Story,
and Dallas, and all of the country lying west and
north of them, is repealed by the subsequent act
of 1847, districting the State, by which the dis-
trict line runs between Polk, and Boone and Story,
throwing Polk into the first, and Boone and Story,
and the country north of them, into the second
district. If this is not so, then Story and Boone
are both in the first district, and also the other ter-
ritory north of them; and this would throw not
less than one hundred and fifty miles square, of
country extending to the extreme northern bound-
ary of the State, into the southern or first dis-
trict. This would be done, too, in the face of a
plain law, declaring that this very country should
belong to the second district. I must be allowed
to ask gentlemen to lay the map before them,
and then read the laws of which I have spoken,
and when they have done so, I feel confident that
between them anil me there will be no very wide
difference of opinion. And, Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to call the attention of those gentlemen who
insist upon excluding Kanesville, because by sur-
veys made since the election, it appears to be a lit-
tle north of a line running due west from the north
side of Monroe county, to this law attaching
Boone, Story, and Dallas counties, and the coun-
try north and west of them to Polk. If these gen-
tlemen will lay the map before them and undertake
to apply their doctrine of strict construction of the
exact letter of the' law—pay no attention to its ob-
ject ana intention, they will run into the absurdity
of leaving an immense scope of country in the
shape of a triangle, that will not be included, or at-
tached to any county. Yet all must agree that it
was also designed to be included.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, said that there
were very few points involved in-this case. This
House having no power to go beyond the simple
inquiry, which of the gentlemen claiming the
seat upon this floor has been constitutionally and
legally elected, as the Representative from the first
district in Iowa, this House has no discretion
beyond this; no power beyond the inquiry, which
of the parties has received a* majority of the votes
of the first congressional district, legally and con-
stitutionally given. It was contended by the
gentleman from Indiana, who has just taken his
seat, [Mr. McGaiighey,] that the. contestant has
received a majority of the legal votes of the dis-
trict, but, in stopping with this assertion, the
honorable gentleman evinces a disposition to dodge
the real issue between the parties. Will the gentle-
man say that the contestant received a majority of
the votes in the district that were given in accord-
ance with the constitution and laws of the State?
Until this is shown, it cannot be contended that he
is constitutionally and legally elected.
The elective franchise being a politic,aL(and not
a natural) right, wholly dependent upon the con-
stitution and laws of the State in which it is sought
to be exercised, it must, of course, be exercised
subject to all the restrictions that the constitution
and laws have thrown around it. We must,
therefore, refer to the constitution and laws of
that State to ascertain what are the necessary
qualifications to give the right of voting there.
These are, first, a residence within the State of
six months, and, secondly, residence for twenty
days next preceding the election within the county
where the vote is given; and, if either of these
qualifications are wanting, the party is not a legal
voter. And although a man may be a legal voter
in the first congressional district in Iowa, it does
not follow that he is a legal voter in any and
every part of that district, for the legality of his
vote is made to depend upon its being offered .and
given in the county where the voter lives and has
lived for twenty days next preceding the day "of
the election, and if offered in any other county,
though in the same district, it would be illegal
and improper to receive it.
By an application of these principles to the
Kanesville vote, it will be seen at once, that the
vote polled there cannot be received and counted
as a part of the vote of Monroe county. The
Legislature of the State of Iowa attached to'the
county of Monroe all the territory lying west of
said county for election, judicial, and revenue pur-
poses, and to the county of Mahaska (which lies
immediately north of Monroe) all the territory
west of it for the same purposes, and to each of the
other frontier counties, the territory west of them,
respectively, for those purposes. The commis-
sioners of Monroe organized an election precinct
at Kanesville. But it is clearjy.shown by the
proof,in this case, that Kanesville is located six
miles north of the northern boundary of Monroe
county, and is in the territory attached to Ma-
haska county, and over which the commissioners
of Monroe courtly had no jurisdiction, and there-
fore their act organizing said precinct was void,
the commissioners of Mahaska county having ex-
clusive jurisdiction over that territory; and if the
persons living at Kanesville were legal voters
anywhere in the district, it was in Mahaska coun-
ty, to which they were attached; and they should
have voted at some organized precinct in that
county. I ask, sir, if there is a gentleman upon
this floor, if acting as a judge of the election in
Monroe county, who would have received the
vote of a man living at Kanesville, knowing that
Kanesville was not within the territory attached
to Monroe? I am sure, sir, there is not. The
voter would have been told, that you are a legal
voter in the district, but not in this county; you
must go to Mahaska county, where you reside,
before you can vote; the vote cannot be received
without doing violence to the constitution and
the laws of the State. And, sir, if gentlemen act-
ing as judges of election in Monroecounty would
have rejected the Kanesville vote for the want of
a material and necessary qualification, (a residence
within the county where the vote is offered for
twenty days next preceding the election,) by what
rule or upon what principle is if, that they can
decide in their places here, that this vote shall be
received and counted as a part of the vote of-Mon-
roe? They cannot do it without overriding- the
constitution and the laws of Iowa.
These remarks may be applied with equal force
and pertinency to the thirty-eight votes given for
the contestant at Boone township, in Dallas county,
the voters not residing in Dallas county or any
territory attached thereto, and therefore having
no right to vote in that county.
If 1 am right in supposing that the vote atJSanes-
ville and Boone township, in Dallas, cannot be re-
ceived and counted, the sitting member retains his
seat by a decided majority; while to give the seat
to the contestant, you must decide to receive the
Kanesville vote, the Boone township vote, m Dal-
las, and reject the vote of Boone township, in Polk
county; each of which points, I think, are too
clearly in favor of the sitting member to admit of
serious doubt.
Mr. LEFFLER said, he felt some interest in
this contest on account of the grounds upon which
it arose, and on account of the rights of his col-
league. The rule upon which this case must be
decided was laid down in the Constitution of the
United States and in the constitution of the State
of Iowa. The Constitution of the United States
declared that this House should be the judge of
the election qualification and return of its own
members. It also declared that the qualification
of the electors for members of Congress should
be the same as that of the electors of the members
of the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture. Whoever then, in 1844, had a right to vote in
the State of Iowa for members of the lower branch
of the State Legislature, had a right to vote for
members of this House. The Constitution of the
United States also declared that the times, places,
and manner of holding the elections should beaa
prescribed by State authority, as m this caseby
the laws of Iowa.
