208
J
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22.
tion, General Taylor was again instructed by the
Secretary of War:
«It is exacted tliat, in selecting the establishment for
your troops, you will appioach as near the boundary line,
the Rio Grande, as prudence win dictate."
In the whole action of the Executive no distinc-
tion was made between the upper and lower Rio
Grande. It was all admitted to be the territory of
Texas. Indeed the advance of our troops to the
Rio Grande was in consequence of the advice of
Gen. Taylor, in his letter of the 4th of' October,
1845, that,
« If our Government, in settlingthe question of boundary,
makes the line ot the Rio Grande our ultimatum, I cannot
doubt but the settlement will he greatly facilitated and hast-
ened hy our taking possession at "once of one or two suitable
points on or quite near that river."
It was thus to assert the line of the Rio Grande
from its mouth to its source, that our troops took
position on its banks opposite Matamoros.
By the annual message of 1846, by the response
of the President to the Executive of Texas calling
for an explanation of the possession of the United
States troops in Santa Fe, as well as by the special
message on that subject communicated to this
House on the 24th of July, 1848, the right ofTexas
to New Mexico is clearly admitted and asserted.
In the latter message, called out by a resolution of
this House, asking for information upon this very
subject of boundary, the President says J
" In answer to <1 letter from the Governor ofTexas, dated
on the fourth of January, 1847, the Secretary of State, l>v my
direction, mfoimed him in a letter of the 12th ot Ftbruary,
1847, that in the fresid 'tit's annual menage of Decembet,
1846, 4 You havf already perceived that New Mexico is at
present in the tcmpoiary occupation of the troops of the
United States, and the government over it is imhtaiyin its
ch.oaetet*. It is merely such a government as must exist
under the laws of nations and of war, to preserve order and
protect the rights of the inhabitant*, and will cease on the
conclusion ot a treaty of pe.iee with Mexico. Nothing,
therefore, can be more certain than that this temporary gov-
ernment, resulting from necessity, can never injuriously af-
fect the risht winch the President believes to be justly as-
serted by Texas to the whole teriitoiy on this side of the
Rio Grande, whenever the Mexican claim to it bhalt have
been extinguished by treaty.'
Thus was New Mexico taken possession of by
our army in the name of Texas. The right was
not only admitted in the Annual Message of 1846,
but on the demand of the Executive of Texas, it
was admitted by the Piesident in February, 1847.
Now, whatever may be the opinion as to the pow-
ers of the Executive on questions of boundary,
there can be no doubt that, as Commander-in-chief
of the Army, it is his constitutional prerogative,
in absence of legislative provision, to declare the
intention of the Government in taking possession
of a country in the time of war, and that the in-
tention so declared must lie admitted to be binding
upon all other departments as well as on the coun-
try. This possession, thus solemnly admitted to
be in suboidination to the title ofTexas, cannot
now be changed into an adverse claim without a
violation of every principle of law and national
faith. But, as 1 have already shown, the assertion
of the rights of Texas does not rest upon the acts
of the Executive alone. It has the solemn sanc-
tion of the Congress of the United States, who
declared that war existed between the two coun-
tries by the act of Mexico, the meaning of which
was, that the Government, in taking possession of
the Rio Grande in the name of Texas, was within
the territory of that State, and that Mexico had
invaded the United States by crossing that river in
hostile army.
No portion of the Rio Grande can now be taken
from Texas without changing the character of the
late war with Mexico into one of invasion and
conquest. To assert that this territory was ac-
quired by the treaty, would be to degrade the
country at home and disgrace it abroad, by falsi-
fying eveiy giourid of justification of the warwith
Mexico. It would be admitting, in terms, that
General Taylor invaded Mexico when he took
possession of the Rio Grande.
1. I maintain that the right of Texas to the
boundary of the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source, and to the forty-second decree of north
latitude, was a good legal title previous to her ad-
mission into the Union. Her right rests not merely
upon the forcc of revolution, and the extent to
which she actually reduced the country to posses-
sion, but upon treaty stipulations and the acknowl-
edgments of Mexico. New Mexico, as well as the
lower Rio Grande, was admitted to be within the
limits of Texas by the treaty between her and the
Republic of Mexico, entered into 1836.
I assert the authority of that treaty; it is as binding
in law and justice as our present treaty of Hidalgo.
It is supported by a3 many legal sanctions, and as
broad an equity. 1 regard it as perfectly demon-
strable, not only that Santa Anna had full power to
make the treaty, but that it was not affected by the
fact that he was a prisoner of war at the time.
In 1836, Santa Anna was absolute in Mexico.
By the plan of Zavaleta, so called, promulgpd 22d
December, 1832, the Federal Government of Mex-
ico was entirely overthrown, and a military despot-
ism erected on its ruins by the military cbieftams
of the time. This plan received the sanction of
the Mexican Congress, on the 27th of May, 1833;
and on the following day Santa Anna was recog-
nized for Supreme Chief of the nation, (Supremo
Gcfe de la Nation.) Decrees, 214-17. From time to
time Santa Anna was, by a decree of the Congress
given the personal command of the army in the
field, in addition to his other functions. This was
done formally as late as the 9th of April, 1835. On
the 28th of April, 1835, the Congress decreed:
" The acts of the President, Gen. Antonio Lopez
Santa Anna, in the previous year—whose object
was the reestabhshment of order in the Republic—
are declared valid.'' Thus were ail his arbitrary
acts formally sanctioned by the legislative power.
On the 30th of June, 1835, the Secretary of War,
by the instructions of the President ad interim,
referring to this decree, gave directions " that the
well-meriting Gfeneral, President Antonio Lopez
de Santa Anna, continue in the character of Gen-
eral-in-chief, that he may be able to dictate for
himself the military measures most urgent in any
possible case, however remote, where any revolu-
tion may appear. To this end 1 communicate it
to you, that you may communicate directly with
his Excellency Santa Anna, and that you may
obey his orders in the grand and extiaordinary
cases that may occur, without prejudice in doing
it to the Supreme Government." Decrees, p. 238.
Thus was the usurpation of Santa Anna ratified
hy the Congress of Mexico; and that body, by its
own dccrees, suppoited by the military power of
the Dictator, overthrew not only the Constitution,
but reduced the States to mere Departments, strip-
ping them of every vestige of sovereignty.
On the 2d of May, 1835, that Congress decreed:
"In the present General Congress remain, by the
will of the natjon, all the faculties extra-constitu-
tional necessary to make, in the Constitution of
the year 1824, us many alterations as it shall think
convenient for the good of said nation, without the
troubles and delays which it prescribes." De-
crees, p. 151.
In pursuance of the power thus claimed, both
blanches of Congress were united in one assem-
bly by a decree bearing date the 9th of Septem-
ber, 1835; and having actually convened on the
20th, asserted all legislative power. Decrees, p.
477.
On the 22d of October, 1835, the Congress pro-
ceeded to destroy the Confederation and reduce the
States to Departments, by decreeing that "the
national terutory shall be divided into Departments
upon the basis of population, locality, and other
fitting circumstances, the number, extension, and
subdivisions to be regulated hy a constitutional
law." Decrees, p. 559.
This measure was still further regulated by the
decree of December, 1836, which declared that each
State should constitute one Department. This
radical revolution, changing the whole character of
the government, was rendered successful by the
force of arms throughout all Mexico, except in
Texas alone, where it was arrested by the indom-
itable courage of a handful of men born to free-
dom in the land of Washington, and not to bfc en-
slaved in another.
Beyond the limits of Texas, therefore, Santa
Anna was in possession of power not only defaclo,
but de jure. It would be enough for my purpose
to prove that he lepresented a government de facto,
for the law of nations does not authorize one gov-
ernment to look into the internal regulations of
another, to determine whether the government is
a usurpation or not. Chancellor lient says:
'< A treaty of peace is valid and binding on the nation, if
made with the present ruhn? power of the nation, or the
government de facto. Other nations have no right to inter-
fere with the domestic affairs ot any particular nation, or to
examine and judge of the title of the party in possession of
the supreme authority—they are to look only to the fact of
possession." 1 Kent, 167; citing Vattel, b. 4, c. 2, see. 14.
It must be admitted that the powers of Santa
Anna were ample to conclude the treaty, unless
they were affected by his condition as a prisoner
of war at the time of its execution. When the
Congress of Mexico subsequently annulled, the
treaty, that body did not deny his power, but
based the nullity entirely on the ground that he
was a prisoner of war at the time of its execution.
That this was a shameful violation of national
faith and cannot obtain, is evident from the fact
that the decree of the 30th of June conferred on
Santa Anna absolute powers as commander of the
army, for the declared purpose of enabling him
to suppress the revolutions in the States. Under
the law, it was a function delegated to him as
commander in chief of the army, for at that time
he clothed his authority with the appearance of a
legality by procuring the formal sanction of Con-
gress. The treaty was signed not only by; Santa
Anna, but by his generals, who were not prisoners
of war, but at the head of their respective divisions.
It was executed by Filisola, the next in command
to Santa Anna, and upon whom, according to the
laws of Mexico, as well as universal military
usage, the military functions of the command de-
volved, the chief being a prisoner or dead. His
authority as commander was also expressly recog-
nized by the Government at home after the cap-
ture of Santa Anna. He succeeded to this express
military function of Santa Anna of pacifying, con-
quering, or treating with the revolted Province of
Texas. And his signature and that of the other
officers gave force and validity to the treaty. It
would have been valid without the concurrence of
Santa Anna, whose authority was in no wise ne-
cessary to render it binding upon the Republic of
Mexico.
Yattel, and all those writers who assert that the
treaty of a captive prince is not binding, further
lays down the rule, that it is obligatory on the na-
tion, if " ratified by its representatives, or the
depositaries of the public authority, during the
captivity of the prince; or lastly, by himself after
his release.5'—(V., p. 497.)
During the captivity of Santa Anna, Filisola
was the representative of the Mexican Republic
in this business, and the depositary of all the mili-
tary power of the chief, among which was that
of negotiating with the Province of Texas. The
principle of duress, therefore, has no application
to the treaty of 1836. The officer whose sanction
gave it force was not a party to that duress, nor
were his acts in any manner affected by it.
Again: Filisola acted in this treaty by the ap-
pointment and request of Santa Anna, to whom
the Mexican Congress had given full power to
delegate his authority; for by an article in the de-
cree of April 14th, 1836, it was declared: "The
President Generat-in-chief of the army shall be.
able to delegate the powers that belong to chiefs of
divisions, if he finds it convenient."—(Decrees, p.
333.) He had, theiefore, power to negotiate the
treaty, not only under the law as the next in com-
mand, but by virtue of the appointment of Santa
Anna authorized by the act of the Mexican
Congress. If the treaty had no other founda-
tion than this, its validity could not be successfully
contested in any impartial tribunal disposed to be
governed hy the principles of law and justice. As
the chief of division, next in command and
named by Santa Anna, his power was ample.
Again: Mexico acted upon the treaty, received
all its benefits—the liberation of the troops, the
arms, ammunition, and military property of the
army. It was not in her power to annul the treaty
subsequently, without committing an act of bad
faith, condemned by all the writers on national
law. She could refuse ratification only by restor-
ingTexas to the same condition as previous to the
treaty—by returning, if not the prisoners of war,
at least the military property which Mexico
secured and carried away by virtue of the treaty.
There is no principle of international law more
fully settled than that a government cannot take
the benefits of a treaty and then refuse to be bound
by its stipulations.
It has been contended wifh much force that the
present treaty with Mexico recognizes the claim of
Texas to New Mexico in the map which is made
a part of the treaty. The 5th article declares:
"The southern and western limits of New Mexico, men-
tioned in this article, are those laid down in the map enti-
tled ' Map of the United Mexican States, as organized and
defined by various acts of the Congress of said Republic, and
