13C2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
The State of Iowa, in her constitution, had de-
clared explicitly that a residence of six months
within the State, &nd twenty days within the
county in which the election was held, should be
necessary to qualify an elector. And he believed
that if this House aid as it ought to do—if it en-
forced these rules, there could not be a doubt as
to who was entitled to sit here as the representa-
tive of the first congressional district of Iowa.
It appeared from the returns of the August
election in 1848, that there were three can4idates
in the first congressional district of Iowa. It also
appeared from the official returns, that the whole
vote, counted by the congressional canvassers, was
12,568. Of that number, that Mr. Thompson,
the Democratic candidate, had received 6,477; that
Mr. Miller, the Whig candidate, received 6,091;
and that Mr. Howe, the Abolition candidate, re-
ceived 910. As, however, the election was deter-
mined by plurality, it was unnecessary further
to notice the vote given to the Abolition candidate.
Mr. Thompson, then, had a clear plurality of 385
votes, according to the report of the board of can-
vassers; but a certain Mormon vote—the vote
given at Kanesville—was rejected. The number
of votes given at Kanesville was 523. Ot these,
Mr. Thompson received 30, and Mr. Miller 493;
making a majority for Mr. Miller at that place of
463. If these votes were counted, Mr. Miller
would have an apparent majority of the wlkole
vote of the district, of 78 votes; and it would be-
come necessary for Mr. Thompson to look into
the other votes, which had been or might be re-
jected, and see if {here were not a sufficient num-
ber to carry him over that majority of 78. But
from this calculation, it was clear and obvious that
if the Kanesville vote was rejected, it was unne- j
cessary to go further, for Mr. Thompson would j
have a clear majoiity. i
If the Kanesville vote was excluded, as he !
thought it ought to be, the controversy was at an
end at once; because, even admitting all the votes
claimed by Mr. Miller, there would be a very con-
siderable majority for Mr. Thompson. The tirst
question, then, was as to the admissibility of the
Kanesville vote. He intended to look at this case
partly as it appeared upon the record,-and partly
out of the record, because it so happened that he
was acquainted with several facts connected with
the case; and he would take the responsibility of
Baying—what was known all over his district—
that, at the time of the August election, in 1848,
this Mormon population was not considered as a
part of the resident population of Iowa; and up
to that time the Mormons themselves did not con-
sider that they Vere a paitot" the resident popula-
tion of Iowa—they were temporarily stopping
there on the route of their emigration to the West,
having been compelled to leave Illinois, and not
having sufficient means to carry them to their des-
tination; they had no intention of becoming per-
manent residents of the State of Iowa; they were
never assessed, they never paid taxes; the civil
and criminal law was never extended over them;
they were m fact (he said) under no law; they had
no commerce and no communication with the res-
ident population of the State; they were cut off
from communication with them by a desert more
than one hundred and fifty miles wide.
Mr. MILLER, of Iowa, the contestant, (the
floor being temporarily yielded to him,) said, he
wished to correct the statement made by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that the laws of the State did
not extend over these people. One of them had
been indicted for a murder that was alleged to have
been committed by him—the testimony relating to
which was before the committee, but it had not
been printfd, although he had made a special re-
quest of the chairman of the committee that it
should be printed.
Mr. STRONG observed that he was somewhat
surprised at the remark of the gentleman inti-
mating that he had suppressed the publication of
testimony which had been submitted to the com-
mittee. He knew of no reason why he should be
charged with preventing the printing of this testi-
mony. It had been put into the hands of Mr.
McGaughey to be arranged. The members of
the committee arranged the testimony for the prin-
ter; he had had no special supervision over it.
Mr. MILLER, of Iowa, desired to ask the
chairman of the committee if he had not called on
him at the Irvn g House, and requested that this
testimony should be printed, and not only that, but
gome other testimony to which he referred, and
that he stated that he had nothing to do with it.
Mr. STRONG, replied that Mr. Miller had not
called upon him and- made any request about the
printing of the testimony respecting the trial re-
ferred to. He had culled upon him, however, and
requested that certain testimony should be printed.
[What testimony it was the reporter did not un-
derstand.] And he had stated to Mr. Miller
that that testimony had not been received by the
committee, and that it was not at all material.
Mr. LEFFLER resumed, and continued at con-
siderable length his remarks concerning this class
of people—the Mormons—who had voted at
Kanesville, giving an account of the character of
that people, of their expulsion from Nauvoo, and
of their migration through Iowa, orf the western
border of which Sta'te many of them, he said,
weie compelled to remain for a length of time on
account of the want of means to carry them for-
ward to Deseret, their place of final destination.
That while thus temporarily remaining in Iowa,
they were induced, by certain scheming politicians,
to cast their vote for the Whig candidate. None
•of these people, he contended, ever designed re-
maining in the State of Iowa longer than was
necessary to enable them to procure the means to
get away. Was this a class of population, he
would ask, who ought to be permitted to vote?
The bare fact of residence within the State for six
months, he contended, was not sufficient, unless
accompanied by the intention of remaining in the
State and becoming a permanent resident therein.
He put the case of a man detained against his
will and compelled to remain for six months:
Would such a man come within the spirit and
meaning of the law which prescribed the qualifi-
cation of voters? He put the case of members of
Congress voting at the municipal elections in this
city, supposing the requisites as to qualification
to be the same as in Iowa, while it was noto-
riously their intention not to remain here a mo-
ment longer than the transaction of their business
actually required them to remain. The equity of
the case, he contended, was against the admission
of that vote, inasmuch as they could not be con-
sidered a part of the resident population of the
State. He contended, moreover, that not only
was equity against it, but that the law of the case
was against it; and in reference to the law of the
case, the first point to which, he would call the
attention of the House was the one which had
been so ably discussed by the gentleman who
preceded him in the debate, that these people
were compelled to vote in a particular county,
though they had never resided in that county,
and that they voted there under an organization
which the county commissioners had gotten up
irregularly and-illegally, and that therefore the
vote was a nullity.
But there was another point connected with the
illegality of the vote, which had been touched upon
by the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
to which he desired also to call the attention of the
House. The vote was illegal, because this board
of commissioners of Monroe county failed to or-
ganize a poll under the township system, and at-
tempted 10 organize one under the precinct system,
which had been abolished by law. There never
had been more than two systems, the precinct and
the township system. The first was abolished in
1847, and the township system was substituted for
it more than eighteen months prior to the election
of August, 1848,
Mr. FOWLER (the floor being temporarily
yielded to him) said, he desired to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa, where he found the evi-
dence, upon which to base his-objections to the
allowance of the Kanesville vote? He found in
the repott of the committee this expression: "The
committee dismiss the consideration of the first,
second, third, fourth,and fifth objections urged by
the sitting member, against the allowance of the
Kanesville vote, with the single remark, that they
are not sustained by the evidence which has been
presented." He would be glad if the gentleman
would inform him where all this evidence, regard-
ing the Mormons and the vote they gave in Iowa
at the August election of 1843, was to be found ?
Mr. LKFFLER replied, that the evidence was
to be found in the history of the country.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman have the
goodness to point out to me some written evidence?
Mr. LEFFLER. I will refer the gentleman to
the files of the "Gazette" and the "Hawkeye"
newspapers, published in the State of Iowa, for
the years 1846—'7—'8.
Mr. L. then pursued still further his argu-
ment regarding the illegality of the Kanesville
vote, and contended that in every point of view it
ought to be rejected. He adverted to the circum-
stances under which these people had been brought
to give their votes, assigning a special agency in
the matter to Mr. Fiiz Henry Warren, the present
Second Assistant Postmaster General. In the
course of his remarks, Mr. L. read a copy of a
letter addressed to the Mormons by Orson Hyde,
one of their leaders, directing them to vote as
they should be instructed by Mr. Fitz Henry War-
ren. A piece of slander that was very current (he
said) in that part of the country, was, that the
possession of a certain printing press by Mr. Hyde,
was the result of his good offices in procuring the
Mormon vote to be cast in a particular way. A
celebrated English statesman once remarked, that
if he were asked whether there was any corrup-
tion prevailing at the elections in England, he
would laugh in the face of the questioner, and re-
ply, certainly not. If any man (said Mr L.) were
to ask me if there was any fraud perpetrated in
connection with that vote, I would most undoubt-
edly laugh in his face, and reply, certainly not.
The allotted hour here expired, and Mr. Evans,
of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, considered nearly
all that had been said by Mr. Leffler extrane-
ous, not being based upon the evidence, but upon
his own knowledge, the statements of the Burling-
ton " Hawkeye" and "Gazette," and other such
authority. The gentleman had seen fit to travel
out of his way to make a violent attack upon the
Mormons, and had declared that they had tempo-
rarily stopped in Iowa, while upon their way to
California. He (Mr. E.) referred to the testimony
showing that that people had opened farms, built
houses, mills, &c., and had plainly manifested by
their actions the animus manendi—thus entitling
them to vote. He remarked at some length upon
the bitterness of feeling exhibited by Mr. Leffi.er
against the Mormons, and intimated that it arose,
from the fact that their votes were at that election
cast for the candidate of the Whig party, whereas
when, in Missouri, where they had voted with the
Democrats, they had been courted by the gentle-
man's party. Hereada letterof Judge Mason, of
•Iowa, and referred to other evidences to sustain
his explanation of the reasons for the course of
that gentleman, and for the couise, conformable
thereto, of a portion of the Democratic partem
that State.
He proceeded to consider the question of ths
admissibility of the voters of Kanesville, and took
the ground that the evidence was full, entire, con-
clusive, that they were legal voters m Kanesville,
and that they were entitled to vote in Monroe
county. He said the report of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] based the argument
for the i ejection of the Kanesville votes on the
ground that Kanesville was not due west from
Monroe county, and therefore not entitled to be
counted. He referred to the evidence to show
that it was the common understanding of that
entire county, both Whigs and Democrats, both
residents at Kanesville and in Monroe county—
that Kanesville was attached to Monroe county;
that both Democrats and Whigs did vote there as
the lawful place; and he argued that, such being
the case, their votes were legally entitled to be re-
ceived and canvassed in Monroe county, even if
subsequent developments proved that Kanesville
was not due west of Monroe. But he contended
that there was no evidence that Kanesville was
north of west of Monroe—the only evidence relied
upon being a survey which the sitting member had •
caused to be run, and which, having given no
notice to the contestant, he (Mr. E.) said could
not be received as evidence. He intimated, more-
over, that the line was loosely and unscientifically
run, and discarded it as in all respects unworthy
to be received as evidence, He referred also to
the conceded point, that the people of Appanoose
CQBnty had taken jurisdiction and indicted Gheen
rora murder committed at Traders' Point, (which
was but eight miles south of Kanesville,) from
which judicial determination it necessarily re-
sulted that Kanesville oelonged to Monroe county.
He contended that one hundred miles of wilder-
ness intervening between Monroe county and
