210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
hundred and thirty, to many of which most valu-
able assistance was rendered. He also adds that
be had saved the lives of eleven persons while on
that station, and that the Hamilton had boarded
and spoken 1,505 vessels. '
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the petition of Alexander G. P. Garnett, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating papers relating to John A. Rogers, asking
for a pension, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
. Ordered, That the petition of Daniel G. Garnsey, on the
files of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. KING,
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Thomas Rhodes, lie referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to which was referred the bill to establish
a branch of the mint of the United States in the
city of New-York, together with all the memo-
rials relating to the suhject, reported the hi!) with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Mrs. Frances
Fowler and Mrs. Frances P. Gardiner, and that
they be referred to the Committee on. Pensions;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the numerous peti-
tions of the registers and receivers of the General
Land. Office, asking increase of compensation for>
entry of military bounty land warrants, reported
il An act respecting the compensation of the regis-
ters and receivers of the United States land offices
for locating Mexican bounty land warrants."
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Richard Chaney, reported
a bill for the relief of the preemption claimants of
the lands upon which the towns of Fort Madison
and Burlington, in Iowa, are situated.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the petition of
citizens of the parish of Terrebonne, in the State
of Louisiana, asking the confirmation of a six-
teenth section of land sold by the register at New
Orleans, reported a bill to confirm the sale of
school lands made to J. B. Gregoire and P. Gre-
goire, in Louisiana, accompanied by a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, fiom the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the documents rela-
ting to the petition of the American Colonization
Society, asking remuneration for the support of
Africans captured by the United States ship York-
town and landed in Liberia, reported the same
without amendment, accompanied by a report;
which, with the accompanying documents, were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of
Theodore Offutt and accompanying documents re-
lating to the same, reported it back without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bill to grant a certain
quantity of land to the State of Iowa, for the pur-
pose of aiding said State to construct a railroad
from Dubuque to Keokuk, reported the same back
with amendments.
After an explanation from Mr. SMITH, the bill
and amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to which was referred the
memorial of the Trustees of the Georgetown
Methodist Episcopal Church, reported a bill to
enable the Trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, in the District of Columbia, to hold cer-
tain property for the purposes therein named.
The bill was then read a third time, by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to change the
time for holding the district courts of the United ,
states in the western district of Virginia, and for I
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. YULEE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to promote the
efficiency of the naval establishment by providing
asretired list for disabled officers; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the improvement of the Des Moines and Rock
River Rapids, in the Mississippi river; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice that he would to-
monow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to establish a board of accounts.
Mr. FELCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the survey
of the public land in California and New Mexico,
and for the settlement of the titles and* claims to
land, and the granting of donation rights therein.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That provision ought to he made by law that
every male citizen ot the United States, and every male
person who has declared his intention of bccommg a citizen
according to the provisions of law, of twenty-one years of
age oi upwards, shall be entitled to enter upon and take any
on-'-quarter section of the. public lands which may be open to
entry at private sale, for the purposes of r«sidence and cul-
tivation ; and that when such citizen shall have resided 011
the same land for three years, and cultivated the same, or if
dying m the mean time, the residence and cultivation shall
be held and canied on by his widow or his heirs, or devi-
sees, for the space of full three years from arid alter making
entry of such land, such residence and cultivation for the
said three yeais to be completed within four years from the
tune of such entiy, then a patent to ls.-ue for the same to
the person making entry, if living, 01 otherwise to his heirs
or devisees, as the e«i*e may require: " Provided, neierthe-
less, that such peison ?-o ontpring and taking the quarter sec-
tion as aforesaid shall not have, nor shall his devu.ee or heirs
have, any power to alienate such land nor create any title
thereto in law or equity, by deed, transfer, lease, or any
other conveyance except by devise by will.
Mr. RUSK moved thaf the resolution be printed.
The resolution lies over under the rule, and the
motion to print was laid over also.
THE ROUND ISLAND EXPEDITION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
queued, as farads compatible with the public interest, to com-
municate to the Senate copies of the instructions given and
orders issued in lelation to the assemblage Of pwsons on
Round Island, east of Mississippi, during the summer of
1619, and the coriespondence between the Piesidfnt or
Heads of Departments and the Governor of Mississippi and
the officers, naval or military, of the United States in refer-
ence to the observation, investment, and dispersion of said
assemblage upon said island.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution lies
on the table one day under the rule.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope that such a resolution as
that submitted by my colleague may, under all the
circumstances, be taken up and considered at the
present time. It is merely a resolution of inquiry.
There being no objection made, the resolution
was taken up and adopted.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT PADUCAH.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of estahhshmga portofdeliv-
ery at the town ofPaducah, in the State of Kentucky.
The resolution was agreed to.
RECOVERY OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. MASON. A bill which was reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary a few days since,
to provide for the more effectual execution of the
third clause of the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States,
was made the order of the day for to-morrow. It
is my design, when the bill is taken up, to offer
two amendments which I hold in my hand. I ask
leave now to lay them on the table, and to move
that they be printed.
The amendments are as follow:
At the end of the 5th section add: "And any person or
persons offending against the provisions of this section, to
be moreover deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in obstruct-
ing the due execution of the laws oi the United States, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in the sum of one
thousand dollars, one-hali whereof shall be to the use of the
infoi mer, and shall also be imprisoned for the term ot twelve
months."
' At the end of section 6tli add: "And in no trial or hearing
under this act shall the testimony of such fugitive be admit-
ted in evidence,"
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to*
and the question of printing was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration?
of the special order, being the resolution offered by
Mr."Foote, as follows:
« Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress at this session
to establish suitable Territorial Governments for California,
for Descret, and for New Mexico."
Mr. CASS resumed his speech, which was un-
finished at the adjournment yesterday*, at the con-
clusion of which—
Mr. BUTLER. Jf no other gentleman is dis-
posed to address the Senate on the suhject, I move
to lay the Question on the table for the present?
with the understanding that *it shatf be "taken up
at any time when any gentleman is ready to dis-
cuss it. My principal object is to proceed to the
consideration of the bill which was made the spe-
cial order for to-day. It is a practical question,
and I believe has now been reported three times?
to the Senate.  
Mr. FOOTS. Will the honorable gentlemars
allow me to suggest that the honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] was entitled to the
floor when I made the motion to make my bill the
special order for yesterday, to give the honorable
Senator from Michigan an opportunity^* be heard
upon it, and that the honorable Senator from Vei-
mont in courtesy yielded the floor, with the un-
derstanding on my part, in accordance with which
I am now bound to act, that, so far as I could
control it and gel my friends tt> act with me, I
would vote for taking up the resolutions which
had been laid on the table, for the purpose of giv-
ing him an opportunity to express his views ir>
regard to them.
Mr. BUTLER. I yield the floor with great
pleasure and great cordiality. I hope I shall he
the last man to deny a courtesy to any Senator;
but I will renew the motion to take upr the bill to-
morrow.
Mr. FOOTE- I believe the best course to be-
taken with regard to my resolution will he to move
to refer it to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer before this resolution is referred.
The amendment is as follows:
" Provided, That in each and every bill for the organi-
zation of a Territorial Government in either of said Terri-
tories, rt '■hall be enacted that neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude, except for crime, shall ever exist in said
Territory."
Mr. FOOTE. I will move, then, to lay it or*
the table for the present.
The resolution was accordingly laid on the
table.
Mr. BELL. I would suggest, as the hour is
getting too late to enter o  ihe discussion of the
resolutions offered by the honorable Senator from
Vermont, the propriety of taking up the unfint
ished business of yesterday, relating to the dam a-
the mouth of the Cumberland river.
Mr. SEWARD. As 1 understand the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
submitted an amendment, the same in substance
as the one which I have proposed to offer, I will
withdraw it
Mr. DAWSON. If the amendment has beers
received, I claim to have it read.
Mr. KING. I was going to state that there
was no amendment offered. There was a sugges-
tion that an amendment would be offered. It
could not at that time be received; therefoie it is
entirely within the power of the honorable Sena-
tor from New York to withhold his amendment
if he thinks proper and offer it at a proper time.
It has not been received at all, nor can it be re-
ceived at this time. I will now move to proceed
to take up the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to.
CUMBERLAND DAM.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now proceed, as in Committee of the Whole, to
the consideration of the bill making an appropria-
tion for the repair and improvement of the dam al
the head of Cumberland Island, on the Ohio river.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. When the bill
was informally passed over yesterday, I was sub-
mitting a statement to the Senate*which was then,
