1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2il
as now, intended to be no more than a simple pre-
sentation of the case. I would simply suggest that
it stands upon a peculiar footing, and 1 think is
not subject to the constitutional objections which
those who think with me upon the general ques-
tion would apply upon the question of internal
improvements. I hold that the Federal Govern-
ment, having put an obstruction in the natural
navigation of the river, is bound to remove that
obstruction; that having buik a dam which is bro-
ken, and the crest of which has been swept away,
we are bound either to repair it, or to take away
the fragments of the dam, now in the stream.
The question really to be considered is, how we
shall in the shortest time, and at the least expense,
remove the obstacle which the Federal Govern-
ment has thrown in the way o^the natural naviga-
tion of the river Ohio.
As I stated yesterday, the larger portion of the
dam originally constructed stands entire; near the
center of the dam the crest has been swept away;
that requires to be increased in height. The end
of the dam, which connects it with the Cumber-
land Island, requires to be rebuilt. Among the
problems of engineering, that of interposing an ar-
tificial dam to change the natural current, is one of
the most difficult, because its consequences are re-
mote, deflecting the curient, and frequently causing
a bar to be formed where none existed before.
This has been the result with the present dam.
The shallow channel which runs down the Ken-
tucky shore is almost entirely closed up by a bar,
caused by the current originally deflected by the
dam, and then sweeping around the enJ of the
dam near to Cumberland Island accumulates the
sediment in the Kentucky channel, thus destroy-
ing, by an obstruction in the main channel, the
natural navigation existing befoie the dam was
built, and thus rendering the channel intended to
be improved worse than it would have been in its
natural position. The distance from Dog Island
to the end of the dam, which is the main parr
of the dam, is some 2,270 feet. Five hundred
feet more will connect it with the Cumberland
Island; then the water will be turn?d down
along the Kentucky shore, and will sweep the
channel, instead of striking the Cumberland Island
and there (accumulating by a checked current its
sediment into bars. It would be necessary to
deepen the channel. It is believed by the engineer
that the dam being finished and the crest suffi-
ciently elevated, when this passage is dredged out
it will constantly be kept clear by the force of the
current subsequently passing. There seems, then,
no other expense to encounter than the repair of
the dam in the center, and its extension to the
Cumberland Island. This probably can be com-
pleted in one season; but if, on the other hand,
the Senate should determine to remove the obstruc-
tion placed in the natural navigation, it will only
be at extreme low water that the work can be
prosecuted; and as there is a mass of stones of
great size, some of them two or three tons in
weight, now lying imbedded in the sand, they will
have to be broken before they can be removed.
The woik will thus be prolonged to two and per-
haps three years before it can be completed. •
It was under these circumstances that I support-
ed a similar bill at the last session of Congress;
and for these considerations 1 advocate the passage
of the bill now. As it has been remarked by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
this subject presses for consideration; the lapse of
time will increase the length of dam to be repaired,
by the constant abrasion of the head of Cumber-
land Island; therefore I hope it will receive the
early action of the Senate. Believing that it is not
to meet serious opposition, I will not enter further
into the merits of the question. I do not believe that
the constitutional point is involved, for the reasons
I have just stated. It is a simple question of engi-
neering; nothing can be more demonstrable than
that it is cheaper to repair the dam than to remove
the debris of it.
I hope that no further argument will be neces-
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
then reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read a third time by unan-
imous consent, and passed.
EXPENSE OF DEFENDING FLORIDA AGAINST
INDIANS.
Mr. YUL.EE moved to take up bill No. 1, be-
ing a bill to provide for the adjustment and pay-
ment of expenses incurred ana obligations con-
tracted by the State of Florida in providing for
the safety of that State during the recent insurrec-
tion of the Seminole Indians.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. There
being no amendment, it was reported to the Senate.
On the question of the third reading objection
was made, and consequently it was laid over.
territorial government.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to call up the mo-
tion to refer the memorial of the members of the
Legislative Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Deseret, asking admission into the Union
as a Territory, to the appropriate committee.
When the question was up before I moved to refer
the memorial to the Committee on Territories, and
the Senator from Florida suggested that it ought to
go to the Judiciary Committee; and the matter
was postponed, at his request, until the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee should come in. I
now move that we proceed to the consideration of
my motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I am very desirous that there
should be no conflict in the views of the committees
on this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not yet before the Senate. The motion is to take
the subject from the table, and that the question of
reference be now considered.
The question on proceeding to the consideration
of the motion was put and agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have no feel-
ing about this matter, but the bills of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] and of my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] embracing essen-
tially the principles that are to be discussed in re-
lation to the Territorial Governments of Deseret,
California, and New Mexico, have already been
referred to the Judiciary Committee, or I suppose
will be, and I do not see any reason why any one
should be separated from the others; but, on the
contrary, believe that they should all go to the same
committee. This would avoid what at least would
be disagreeable, a conflict perhaps in the views of
the committees. I think there is as much reason
that this bill should go to the Judiciary Commit-
tee as that the others which have been named
should go there; and I see no reason at all why it
especially should be taken out of their jurisdic-
tion and referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire the question as to
the appropriate fun"tions of the Committee on
Territories and the Committee on the Judiciary,
in reference to this subject, to ta now settled. I do
not understand why the hill of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] providing territorial gov-
ernments for California, Deseret, and New Mexico,
should be scntto the Committee on the Judiciary;
for, if it is more appropriate that that committee
should take charge of it than that the Committee on
Territories should, I do not know what the last-
named committee has to do, nor why the Commit-
tee on Territories was organized. The commit-
tee is created, I apprehend, for the purpose of
taking charge of this territorial business, and it
was for this purpose that the first committee of
that character was organized in the House. Prior
to the creation of the Committee on Territories
territorial bills went to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, but after its creation all bills for the or-
ganization of Territories, and bills for the adtrns- j
sion into the, Union of new States formed out of
the Territories, uniformly were referred to and
came from the Committee on Territories. After
the duties of the Territorial Committee had been
substituted for those of the Judiciary Committee—
after this practice had obtained in the House for
many years—a Territorial Committee was created
heie. The question is now, What is the object of
a Territorial Committee? What are its duties,
and what subjects weic intended to be referred to
it ? If a bill forming a new State out of the Ter-
ritories, or a bill creating territorial governments
is not to go to that committee, what, then, is there
left to be sent to it? When there is a bill to create
a land office for the sale of the public lands within
the limits of a Territory, we send it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; when there is a bill rela-
ting to the Indian affairs of the Territory, we send
it to the Committee on Indian Affairs; when there
is a bill relating to a United States district court
in the Territory, we send it to the Committee on
the Judiciary; and if the formation of Territories
and the converting of others into States is not the
subject-matter to be referred to the Committee on
Territories, I desire to know what is to go there
and what the committee is formed for.
Now the bill proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi, to which the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] refers, provides for the cre-
ation of the Territories of California, Deseret, and
New Mexico, and also for the division of Texas.
This whole subject-matter, legitimately belonging
to the Committee on Territories, is thus, therefore,
abstracted from that committee and sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary. If it is the sense of
the Senate, I am entirety willing to be relieved from
all my duties on that committee. Isay,I have not
the slightest objection to it, if it is the sense of the
Senate; but I do not understand why the commit-
tee was formed if that is the construction to be
given to its duties. I trust, therefore, the Senate
will make'a test question upon the reference of this
matter, for the purpose of settling this question, and
I will call for the yeas and nays on the motion to
refer to the Committee on Territories, that being
the first made.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, if these bills
proposed nothing more than to organize Territorial
Governments, I certainly should not object to their
going to the Committee on Territories, and, as I
am on both, I suppose I shall have to perform my
share of the labor in regard to this matter either
on one or the other. But the bill introduced -by
the Senator from Mississippi differs, and in a very
essential particular, from such a bill, inasmuch as
it proposes to make a new State out of one of the
present States of this Union. It is, therefore, a
bill involving a very delicate and important consti-
tutional question, or at least that of the construc-
tion of a treaty. And, as the Senator said, if a
question of this kind, involving the construction of
a treaty and of the Constitution of the United
States, ou ht not to go to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I do not know to what committee it
ought to go. It seems to be undeistood to be the
duty of every chairman to maintain the jurisdic-
tion of his committee, lest the confusion arising
from an unlimited jurisdiction in this body should
i lead to a conflict of duties, and 1 have referred to
this matter in that light. I have no feeling on the
subject, either one way or the other, except a de-
sire that tlfese subjects shall all go to one and the
same committee. As to the precedents and the
usage in this matter, it was at the last session dis-
cussed deliberately, and with much more feeling,
perhaps, than the occasion called for, and it was
solemnly decided that the bill in relation to Cali-
fornia and many Senators were then extremely
anxto vis to bring California into the Union befoie
she scarce had an existence in any form—should
be referred to the Judiciary Committee. The bill
introduced by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] proposing to divide Texas and limit her
boundaries, has been referred to that committee;
and the bill introduced by my friend from Missis-
sippi contains a clause very similar, in its operation,
to the same effect. Therefoie, if one is to be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee, so should the
other, or the one already referred there should be
taken from it, and the whole subject be leferred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. KING. 1 ask my friend from Illinois
whether his motion refers to the bill presented by
the Senator from Mississippi?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; to the memorial of
the inhabitants of the country now called Deseret,
enclosing their provisional constitution, and ask- .
mtr that they may be admitted into the Union as a
State, or that a Territorial Government shall be
provided for them by Congress.
M1' KING Mr. President, it seems to me
that 'there is a great deal of propriety in what has
been stated by the Senator from Illinois If the
Committee on Territories is of any use at all, it is
certainly to take into consideration the propriety
of givin" to the population of a Territory a terri-
torial government. When a State is to be consti-
tuted then it is all-important that we should refer
the subject to the Judiciary Committee. The only
embarrassment and difficulty in the way is, that
The bill presented by the Senator from Mississippi
contains not only a proposition for the creation of
a State out of what is now a portion oi lexas, but
