1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m&7
Mr. TOOMBS said, that if the House believed
that the laws of the State of Iowa were to be the
rule of its action, it was evident that the contestant
was not entitled to his seat. But he contended
that the action of the House had not been regula-
ted by State laws in the decision of cases of this
character. It had been decided, in a case to which
he referred, that, without reference to these State
laws, the will of the people f-xirly expressed ought
to govern. A State law regulating; elections is
perfectly correct, and it can provide in what
manner, and at what places elections may be held;
it may impose penalties on those who violate its
provisions, but it cannot disfranchise any citizen
of the United States. He referred to the laws
which were formerly in existence in England in
relation to tHe contract of marriage, by which cler-
gymen and others, who performed the ceremony
of marriage contrary to the provisions of the laws,
were punishable by fine, &c., but the illegal con-
duct of the individual so acting did not violate the
contract. A similar law had been in operation in
some of the States of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether, in these cases, the preacher or the magis-
trate had not jurisdiction over the subject? Would
it be the same if they had no jurisdiction?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that it did not all depend
on the jurisdiction. The commissioners of Mon-
roe county had no jurisdiction.
Mr. GORMAN said, suppose the person sol-
emnizing the marriage was a private citizen, would
it be a legal marriage? *
Mr. TOOMBS made a reply which was not un-
derstood.
Mr. GORMAN. Suppose there existed a legal
incapacity between the parties?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that the contract would
doubtless be void. The incapacity would illegalize
the act. He went on to say that these citi-
zens of Kanesville were entitled to vote; circum-
stances required of them to exercise their right;
and tjpc only question is, whether they went to
vote at the proper place. He went on to show
that the construction of some gentlemen, that the
law providing that the country lying west of Mon-
roe should be attached to the county intended due
west was too critical a construction. The people
had a right to vote. This was a principle which
lies at the root of our republican institutions.
Every man who is qualified according to law has
a right to vote for a representative in Congress
And the question is, whether the citizens of Kanes-
ville have lost this right. They who maintain
that, in consequence of some slight informality in
the manner of giving their vote, they have forfeited
the privilege, would sacrifice the substance of the
elective franchise to a mere shadow.
He went on to state, that the State of Iowa hav-
ing divided the State into two congressional dis-
tricts, every qualified voter had' a right to vote in
one of these districts; that this right was inalienable;
and that the citizens of Kanesville only exercised
this inalienable right in voting in the district in
which they resided.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked whether
the gentleman from Georgia held, that if a citizen
of Mahaska county offered to vote in Monroe
county, and his vote was received there, it ought
to have been counted ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Can he
vote in a county in which he does not reside?
& Mr. TOOMBS replied that he could in Georgia,
and in several others of the southern States. A
voter may deposit his suffrage in any precinct or
county.'
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, stated,
there was a law m Io va on the subject.
Mr. TOOMBS said he was aware of that. He
had it before him, and he intended to refer to it.
Mr. SCHENCK stated, that in Ohio there was
a law for the preservation of the purity of elec-
tions, which provided that a voter should cast his
vote at the polls of the county in which he resided.
He had heard of a ca&e in which a man very nar-
rowly escaped the penitentiary for a-violation of
that law; yet he had never heard of a case in
which a vote thus given had not been received.
Mr. DISNEY rose to put a question to his col-
league, [Mr. Schenck,] but
Mr. TOOMBS asserting his right to the floor,
stated, that the laws of the States, and the practice
under them in the States, could not be adopted as
a rule for the action of this House. In different
States the laws themselves differ on this subject.
But we have to decide as «to the qualifications of
our own members, and we cannot submit to be
governed by the State laws.
Mr. STRONG (Mr. Toombs yielding) under-
stood the gentleman from Georgia to say, that the
laws of the State of Iowa merely directed the
manner in which the right of voting should be
exercised. He would call the attention of the
gentleman to the constitution.of Iowa, which did
not confer a general franchise on all, but a limited
franchise—extending only to such as had resided
in the county twenty days before the election. It
did not allow a voter to vote out of his own coun-
ty. He read the third article of the constitution
of Iowa, in which it is provided that only those
who have resided within the limits of a county
can vote in that county.
Mr. TOOMBS resumed, treating this objection
as similar in its character to the other objections
which had been made.. All of them were founded
on the presumption that the action of this House
is to be controlled by the ao.tion of the States. He
insisted, however, that all persons qualified to vote
for members of the Legislature of a State, had a
constitutional right to vote for Representatives in
Congress. •*
There was another point which seemed to lie
at the bottom of this whole question. By a law
of the State, it was provided that a county should
embrace withm her limits for revenue, election,
and judicial purposes, all the unorganized country
lying west of it. But when, under this law, a
line is drawn due west, it had been contended that
the citizens lying above or below that line, are ex-
cluded from the exercise of their elective franchise.
He contended that the law merely directed the
manner in which the elections should be conducted,
but did not destroy the right of the citizen to vote.
If the people did not vote in exact conformity to this
law, their votes were not to be considered as lost.'
Destroy the vote on this ground, and you violate
the great republican principle for the sake of a
mere technical quibble. He was opposed to the
rejection of the vote of any citizen because the
voter did not deposit his vote under or over a given
line.
Those citizens who reside outside of any regu-
larly organized county, have a right to vote in
the district, and they may exercise that right any-
where within the district. There may "be-pre-
cincts scattered about throughout the district, and
the voter may select to which of those he may be
willing to go, and he may cast his vote in any
county lying within the district. A State law may
prescribe that he shall vote at some particular
point, and that he shall vote nowhere else; but
these provisions are meiely to be regarded as pre-
cautions to prevent abuses—they were never in-
tended to destroy votes. They were precautions,
and wise precautions, against fraud, but they were
never enacted to disturb or abridge the sanctity of
the ballot-box. It was not in the power of any
law of the State of Iowa to take away the fran-
chise of a citizen of the United States.
He went on to make some reference to the pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives in the
celebrated case of the New Jersey contested elec-
tion in 1839, when the House refused to admit the
members elect on the certificate of the judges of
election, and laid it down that they would look
behind that certificate, because it was only the
voice of the people which should be heard. There
was no member from the South who' could show
a legal title to a seat in this House, if the election
laws of the States were to be construed and car-
ried out in their full force. All the voters of the
State of Iowa had a ri^ht to vote somewhere, j
The votes of all were entitled to be received and <
counted, and he who had a majority of those I
votes was the true Representative of the district i
in this House. The question was not whether !
the voter had a right to vote in his county, but j
whether he had a right to vote m his district, for !
a member of Congress; and you have no right to
reject any such vote, on the ground that a partic-
ular mode of giving that vote has been pre-
scribed by a law of the State, but had not been
followed.
He had seen no evidence of anything unfair or
dishonorable in the conduct of this election. He
knew nothing of the parties, and was entirely in-
different as to4 which of them should obtain the
seat. If the contestant can prove that he has been
elected by a majority of the voters of the district,
he is clearly entitled to his seat; or, if the sitting
member should be able to show-that he has been
sent here by the votes oTa majority of the people,
then he is entitled to the seat. The voters ifi
Kanesville are resisted in the exercise of their
privilege, because they lived above a certain line
of the district. But they have a right to give
their votes in the district. If there has been any
fraud, let the proof be produced#and if either of
these persons claiming the seat should be proved
guilty of such frauds, he was willing to send him
to the penitentiary. But he was not disposed to
allow any question of this sort to prevent either of
them from now obtaining his seat under his legal
rights.
He concluded with declaring it his intention to
vote to exclude the sitting member.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to amend the resolu-
tion reported by Mr. Strong, from the Commit-
tee on Elections, by striking out all after the word
tc resolved," and inserting in lieu thereof, the sev-
en resolutions reported by himself, together with
an additional one, which he now proposed, de-
claring that Mr. Miller, the contestant, was elect-
ed. The resolutions are given ia a subsequent
part of the proceedings.
He stated that he did not consider himself under
any obligation to those who weredisposed to justify
stealing. He had always been led to believe that
the receiver was as bad as the thief.
Mr. McDONALD asked if the gentleman from
New Jersey intended to refer to him.
Mr. VAN DYKE disclaimed any personal ref-
erence.*
Mr. CARTTER called the gentleman from New-
Jersey to order. He disputed bis right to occupy
his hour in calling any gentleman a thief.
The CHAIR did not understand the gentleman
from New Jersey as making any such imputation.
Had he so understood him, he should have called
him to order.
Mr. VAN DYKE resumed, and said that it had
appeared that the poll-booksof ICanesvillehad been
taken away, and he pronounced that act to be a lar-
ceny. The Mormons had been introduced into this
discussion, but he saw no reason why they shouki
have been mixed up in this controversy. The
House had nothing to do with their religious creed.
The only question for the House to consider was,
whether they were legal voters. The report
which was in the possession of the House, showed
how the votes stood in the several resolutions, so
that it would be seen at a glance how the majori-
ty and the minority stood.
With reference to the Kanesville vote, he con-
sidered that it was given in accordance with the
lawsofiowa. There had been none to question
the fact that the country lying west of Monroe
had been attached to the county for election pur-
poses. There was no doubt that commissioners
appointed by the county of Monroe established
the precinct at Kanesville. The question is, is the
vote a legal vote?
A gieat deal had been said in relation to that
part of the minority report which stated, that be-
tween the county of Monroe and the county of
Marion was a line, understood, claimed, and ad-
mitted. There wa3 evidence that such aline ex-
isted. There was not a particle of evidence that
any other line had been established, if gentlemen
are so dull as not to be able to see this, he was
not to be blamed for it. It was no fault of his.
He believed that the evidence to this point was
conclusive. It had been admitted, that if this
fact could be established, the case of the contestant
was made out. He pledged himself to establish
it by proof which could not be controverted. -
He went on to show that there was a line which
was well understood. He referred to the fact of a
murder committed m Appanoose county, at Tra-
der's Point, when it was understood that this point
was eight miles south of Kanesville. Now, if the
county of Monroe was twenty-four miles wide, as
is the custom in the State of Iowa, and Trader's
Point, m Appanoose county, was only eight mile3
south of Kanesville, it is apparent that Kanesville
would be within the county of Monroe.
It appears that there was a person , a resident of
Kanesville, of whose character I will not under-
take to speak, who went to a judge in Monroe
county for the purpose of having a precinct estab-
lished at Kanesville. He had selected Kanesville
for the location, and he must have understood that
