214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
that he should object to everything out of the regu-
lar order of business.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees in their order for reports.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM IOWA.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, Tbat the parties to the contested election from
the first Congressional district of the State of Iowa be, and
they are hereby, authorized to take the testimony of such
witnesses as either of them may require, hy depositions
in conformity with the laws of the State of fowa in force at
the time of taking the testimony, before any judge of the
supreme court, or of the district courts of said State, who
are hereby empowered to take depositions in any part
of said State, or before a clerk or clerks of any of the district
courts, or before anv notary public, or before any justice of
the peace of the said State, within the county in which such
clerk, or notary public, or justice of the peace may reside:
Provided, That notice of the time and place of tukin? the
depositions shall be given by tin* party taking the same to the
opposing party, or to his attorney, at least ten davs prior to
taking the same, and one day in addition for every thirty miles
travel from the place of taking the depositions t<  the place
of residence of the person receiving the notice, or to the place
where he may be when notice shall be received hyhim,if
not received at his place of residence: Provided also, That
the parties may, by agreement m writing, regulate the mode
of {jiving notice: Provided also, That when such depositions
shall huve been taken, they shall, together with the agree-
ments and notice aforesaid, be sealed up by timofficei taking
the same, and he di«vterf to the Speaker of the House.
Mr. VINTON rose to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Elections [Mr. Strong]
whether there was any time specified in the resolu-
tions to which the time for the taking of these
depositions was limited?
THE CUMBERLAND DAM.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked that, by
unanimous consent, the bill from the Senate,
(which had this morning been transmitted to the
House,) in relation to the Cumberland dam, might
be taken up on its first and second reading, with a
''view to reference.
The motion was not entertained.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM IOWA.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the adoption of the resolution reported from the
Committee on Elections.
Mr. BAYLY said he would suggest, if not dis-
agreeable to the chairman of the Committee on
Elections, that the resolution be laid upon the table
and printed.
The suggestion was not adopted.
The resolution having been again read—
Mr. STRONG said it had not been supposed by
the committee that the resolution would ive rises:
to any debate, inasmuch as it was drawn substan-
tially in accordance with an agreement which had
been made between the contesting parties.
In reply to the inquiry which had been ,made by
the gentleman from Ohio, (Mr. Vinton,] he (Mr.
S.) would state that no time was specified within
which the duties under the commission were to be
perfected. It had been impossible for the parties
themselves to determine, or for the committee to
ascertain, what length of time would be required.
The witnesses who were to be examined, as the
committee understood, would be quite numerous.
They resided in different parts of the State of
Iowa, and at a distance remote from each other.
Some considerable time would be required, as it
was requisite for both the contesting parties to
take depositions. Nor would suc.h a limitation of
time be necessary, as would appear from the fact
that either party, by giving notice, could compel
the depositions to be taken within the earliest pe-
riod under the provisions of the resolution. There
had been no application made by either of the
parties for a limitation of the time. Therefore, the
committee had not prescribed a limit. They were
at piesent entirely without such information as
would enable them to do so. They, therefore,
had thought it best to leave the time to the parties
themselves, reserving the power to limit any abuse
which might grow out of their action under this
resolution.
Mr. VAN DYKE said that, as a member of the
Committee on Elections, he desired to express the
hope that no difficulty would be interposed to the
adoption of this resolution. So far as he was
aware, there was no difference of opinion among
the members of the committee. And he under-
stood that the resolution had been drawn entirely
in accordance with an agreement between the par-
ties themselves, and that it was in pursuance of an
arrangement and agreement between them that the
resolution had been prepared. He entirely con-
curred in the view of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Strong,] that the committee could not
now form any opinion as to the time within which
the testimony should be closed. They therefore
left the question open for the present, leaving it
hereafter for the committee and the House to de-
cide, if it should become necessary, when the com-
mission should be closed.
Mr. ROOT said that if the parties went to Iowa
to'take testimony, they should know at what time
the commission should be closed. One party giv-
ing notice might compel the taking of testimony
as fast find as soon as the laws of the State. It
did not very much affect the case, nor should it
affect the action of the House, that these parties
had made an agreement by which they were will-
ing that the finatad judication of the contest should
be postponed. He knew nothing of such an agree-
ment, and he cared nothing about it. But he knew
that, so far as his own information extended, a
limit had always been provided within which all
the testimony which the pat ties expected to take
should be completed, and that then the case was
to be passed upon.
Mr. STRONG said, that so far as he had been
able to ascertain, the committee, in reporting this
resolution, had followed the practice of the House
heretofore. During the last session of Congress,
a case of contested election had occurred from the
city of New York, and a resolution had been
adopted authorizing depositions to be taken. No
limit of time within which the testimony was to be
taken, was fixed in that case; and, so far as he
knew, it had not been usual to make such a limit.
At any rate, it was not done during the last Con-
gress.
Mr. ASHMUN rose to put an inquiry to the
chairman of the Committee on Elections, [Mr.
Strong.] He (Mr. A.) would like to know how
the case now stood? He would like to know
whether the committee had not proceeded so far
m their investigations as to have ascertained that
the contestant showed a majority of votes in his
favor > If he was right in this fact, the' case from
New York, referred to by the gentleman, pre-
sented no parallel to the present.
Mr. STRONG, in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] said that he
(Mr. S.) did not know whether it was proper to
enter at length into what had transpired in the
committee. He thought, however, that he might,
without impropriety, state, that the committee had
not entered upon the tfial of the case. When the
memorial of the contestant had been referred to
them, they had required the sitting member to re-
ply to the allegations made in the memorial, either
jn affirmance, in denial, or in avoidance of them.
They had required the parties to put the case at
issue. When that issue was formed, it became
apparent that both parties would require parol tes-
timony taken in Iowa. The parties, themselves,
so understood it. But the contestant desired that
the committee should examine the exhibits which
he desired to submit, and determine, before the
parol testimony should be taken, whether they
were properly certified, so as to entitle them to
admission as instruments of evidence, in order
that he might procure other certificates, if these
should prove insufficient. To that desire the com-
mittee acceded. They had decided that these pa-
pers were admissible. They had decided nothing
more. What these exhibits proved, had not been
before the committee; nor had that question been
submitted to their consideration. They did not
contemplate entering upon the trial until the whole
evidence should be submitted to them. The issue
joined between the parties was such, that it could
not be determined without the aid of parol evidence,
the testimony of witnesses.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to inquire
whether the papers before the committee did not :
j show a majority of one hundred and twenty in
1 favor of the contestant?
Mr. STRONG replied, that neither he nor the
committee had examined that question. The only
question which had been submitted to them was, i
whether the certificates were regular.
Mr. ASHMUN said, that so far as that point
was concerned, he had been undera misapprehen-
sion as to the action of the committee. He had
understood that the certificates had been exam-
ined, and that they showed a clear majority in
favor of the contestant. If this was not the fact,
he had been under a misapprehension.
Mr. STRONG said he would like to be in-
formed how the gentleman had obtained his in-
formation.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to say that the
contesting member had told him that, upon the face
of the papers, there was a clear majority in his
favor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose to a ques-
tion of order. Was it (he asked) in order, upon
a resolution of this character, to go into the pro-
! ceedings of the Committee on Elections? Did it
open up the merits of the question as now pro- ,
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ashmun] ?
The SPEAKER was disposed to regaid the
retiMiks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ashmun] as relevant and in order. The
gentleman, as the Chair understood, was offering
an argument against the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ASHMUN proceeded to make a remark.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose to a question of
order. He submitted whether it was m order to
refer to what had taken place before the com-
mittee, except in the way of a report made by that
corn mittee.
The SPEAKER said that it was not in order to
refer to the action of the committee, except when
the committee made their report.
Mr. ASHMUN submitted that the committee
had made their report.
The SPEAKER. That is a point which I rec-
ognize; but the Chair believes that it has always
been regarded in this House as improper to refer to
proceedings that have taken place in committee.
Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. That is pre-
cisely the point which I made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand the gentleman.
Mr. ASHMUN suggested that it was rather
late to made the point of order. He was not,
however, about to enter into that controversy.
AH that he desired to bring before the House was
the fact, which he believed existed, that there were
official returns in the possession of the Committee
on Elections shewing that the contestant had a ma-
jority of votes, and that this delay was desired in or-
der to give to the sitting member an opportunity to
show that these votes were given by men not duly
qualified. He (Mr. A.)did not intend to submitany
proposition; but he meant to say this, that when
official returns were brought here showing that the
sitting member, who took his seat under the certi-
ficate of the Governor—the broad seal, as it was
usually termed—had not received a majority of the
votes, and that the contesting member had re-
ceived that majority, he (Mr. A.) thought that the
validity of the broad seal was gone, and that the
contesting member was entitled to take his seat.
Mr. ASHE rose and put a question to Mr.
Ashmun, which was understood to be this: From
what source the gentleman derived his information
that the contestant had received a majority of all
the votes5
The SPEAKER interposed and said, that the
difficulty in which this question was now involved
showed the correctness of the rule which had al-
ways been recognized, that matters which had oc-
curred beforeja committee ought not to be referred
to in the House until these matters had been re-
ported upon and came regularly before the House.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to say, that he
understood these returns were before the commit-
tee, and that the committee had decided that they
were competent testimony.
Mr. ASHE (in reply) was understood to say,
that the committee had decided that the proof
offered was admissible, but they had not decided
whether it proved 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, insisted on the
point of order heretofore raised as to proceedings
in committee.
The SPEAKER repeated his decision, sustain-
ing the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision.
Mr. STANTON sc.id, his point of order was
this: that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ashmun] was proceeding to inquire into the trans-
actions of a committee, which transactions had not
been* reported to this House, and upon which they
were not ready to report. The gentleman wasdis-
