1830.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
House; there was no rule at all, but the rule of the
previous question; and every person knew, when
the previous question was seconded and sustained,
the order of the House was that the vote should
be now taken. Now, by what parliamentary law,
by what rule of the House was it, that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania could be heard for one
hour after the previous question was moved? The
Chair said it was by analogy. The analogy he
(Mr. S.) held not to be good; and he submitted
that if the decision of the Chair was to be the rule
of the House, if any member of any committee
reporting a bill and moving the previous question,
might speak one hour, when all other members
w,ere cut off from speaking, it would destroy the
force of the previous questitffi. He asked again,
where was the analogy in the two cases?
Mr. EWING interposed, and said, unless an
appeal were taken, and unless the appeal could be
debated generally, he objected to the gentleman
from Georgia proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Georgia to have taken
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do appeal, if the Chair
insists upon that decision. 1 submit, that the only
ground 
Mr. EWING raised the .point whether the ap-
peal was debatable or not, relating to the priority
of business ? *
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists upon
the point of order, the Chair must decide that the
appeal is not debatable; not, however, upon the point
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee; but be-
cause the previous question has been moved, and all
collateral questions arising after the previous ques-
tion is moved, must be decided without debate. If
the gentleman from Tennessee insists upon his
point of order, the Chair must sustain it. The
Chair was desirous- that the question should be
considered by the House, and that a rule should
be adopted which will be satisfactory to the House.
Mr. EWING. I am perfectly willing that the
gentleman from Georgia should proceed, if the
debate is to be general; but if other gentlemen who
wish to speak upon the point of order shall be
liable to be cut off, 1 object to the gentleman pro-
ceeding.
Mr. STEPHENS suggested, that the previous
question not having been seconded, the present
was not the proper time to make the point of order.
He would, therefore, withdraw the point. If the
previous question were seconded, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania rose to speak, and was
recognized, it^mild then be the proper time to
make the point of order, and he would renew it.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the rule upon this subject.
The thirty-fourth rule was read, as follows:
<l No member shall occupy more than one hour in dphate
on any question in the Hou^e, or in committee; but a mem-
ber repot tlu« the measure under consideration fiom a com-
mittee, may open and clo^e the debate," &c.
Mr. VAN DYKE called the attention of the
Speaker to the thirty-seventh rule.
This rule was read, as follows:
" No member shall spe;tk more than once to the same
question without leave of the Hou-^e, unle s he be the
mover, proposer, or introducer of the matter pending; m
which case he shall be permitted to epeak irj reply, hut not
until every member choosing to speak shall have spoken."
The SPEAKER. Under that rule, the mem-
ber reporting a measure would not be entitled to
speak, but it is the rule previously read-by the
Chair which gives him that right.
The Chair begs leave to state to the House, in
answer to the suggestion made by the gentleman
fiom Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that in the opin-
ion of the Chair, if a member should report from a
committee a bill or a resolution, and immediately
move the previous question upon if, and the pre-
vious question he sustained and the mam question
be ordered to be put, the Chair would not hold
that under this rule the member would be entitled
to address the House. The Chair will construe
this rule according to its true intent and meaning—
that he is entitled to make the concluding speech
when debate has arisen; when the question has
been discussed by other members, he has the right
to close the debate. But if he should move the
previous question immediately after the introduc-
tion of a measure from a committee, the Chair
would unquestionably hojjkthat he was not enti-
tled to be heard. The question is presented, Can
a gentleman speak after the House has declared
that the main question shall'be now put? The
question was presented in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Can a gentleman speak
in Committee of the Whole on the state of ihe
Union after the House has. decided by resolution
that debate shall close? Take the instance of a
resolution of the House declaring that in case of a
measure pending in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union all debate shall cease at one
o'clock and the cgmmittee shall proceed to vote
upon the pending questions; the committee has
construed this resolution, that notwithstanding the
debate is to cease at one o'clock, yet the member
reporting a measure shall be entitled to speak after
that hour.
The Chair thinks that the analogy between the
closing of debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and in the House ordering
the main question to be now put, extfet, precise;
otherwise, as suggested by the Chair, you deprive
the member reporting a measure of the right of
closing the debate.
The Chair, however, feels a delicacy in further
discussing this matter, inasmuch as he has been
obliged to rule out of order gentlemen who have
been discussing; it.
Mr. WOODWARD. Would it be in order to
say one word ?
The SPEAKER. No discussion is in order.
Mr. STERHENS. #do not make the point of
order at this time.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Georgia having given notice of the point of order,
th^Chahyiad thought it proper, under the circum
stances ot the case, to intimate what his decision
would be, before the demand for the previous ques-
tion was seconded, that the House might act un-
derstandingly.
Mr. WHITE inquired, in case the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] had spoken
twine, whether he would be entitled to avail him-
self of the privilege of this rule ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. WHITE inquired how the fa<t that a gen-
tleman had spoken twice could be ascertained ?
The SPEAKER replied, that that would depend
upon circumstances.
Mr. WHITE. If the gentleman reporting or
introducing the proposition has spoken twice, is
he entitled to make the concluding remarks?
The SPEAKER. The member reporting a
measure is not entitled to speak twice, except
with the leave of the House, until every member
desiring to speak has spoken; if he has spoken
twice, he would not be entitled to speak after the
previous question is moved.
Mr. WHITE. Certainly not. It was on this
account that I wished to inquire of the Speaker
whether he intended to include that as a part of
his decision? I would inquire further 
Mr. WOODWARD called the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. White] i  making an inquiry; if he
makes any further remarks, the Chair will call him
to order.
Mr. WHITE. Does the decision of the Chair
extend to resolutions reported from committees as
well as bills ?
The SPEAKER. Most certainly; the language
of the rule is, 44 the measure under considaration."
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, inquired of the
Speaker whether the point of. order would appear
upon the Journal unless an appeal was taken?
The SPEAKER replied m the negative.
Mr." EVANS. I entirely agree with your de-
cision, Mr5. Speakerf but forthepurposeof putting
so important a decision upon the Journal, I appeal,
and I shall vote to sustain the decision of the
Chan-
Mr. WOODWARD. I have but a single re-
mark to make. This question has been discussed
both by the Chair and by members, as if conflict-
ing provisions of the rules ftiust be reconciled.
Now, no greater mistake 
Mr. EWING again raised the point that the
appeal was not debatable.
The SPEAKER stated that it was not debata-
ble.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Did I understand the
Chair as deciding, that after the previous question
has been moved, the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is not entitled to proceed until after the pre-
vious question is voted on?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has riot made
that decision. The Chair wished to be distinctly
understood. The Chair,recognizes the gentlemeftr
from Pennsylvania now, and would hear his con-
cluding remarks upon this report; if he should
speak now, however, and afterwards the House
should refuse to sustain the previous question, and
the debate should be continued, the Chair would
hold that the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
exhausted his privilege under the rule. But, in
order to give the gentleman reporting the measure
the full benefit of the rule, the Chair bas'decided,
and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evaws]
has appealed from that decision—that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will be entitled to §
makeliis closing speech after the mam question
shall be ordered to be put. Such is the decision
of the Chair, and the question is, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the -judgment of the
House?"
A word of conversation followed between Mr.
White and the Speaker, which we could not catch.
Mr. RICHARDSON, made the pointof order
that, when the previous question was moved, and
the chairman of the committee who had reported
the measure had not made his concluding speech,
it was only proper for him to iwake that concluding
speech before the previous question was seconded;
because, after the second of the previous question
by the House, it was not in order to debate any
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
very point against the gentleman from Illinois.
He has decided that a member who has reported a
measure from a committee is entitled to be heard
at this stage of the question, if he claim§ (he priv-
ilege; but if he does not claim the privilege uniil
after the previous question is ordered, he is still
entitled to make his concluding speech. The
question is, shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House?
Mr. VAN DYKE rose to a point of order, and
inquired, when the previous question was moved
and vseconded, whether it was not to be taken, and
whether anything else could intervene?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt about the
point put by the gentleman from New Jersey, un-
der the ordinary operation of the rules of the
House. The Chair has put his.decision upon the
ground that the only proper construction that can
be given to this rule interferes with the ordinary
operation of the previous question, to the extent
of giving the member reporting a measure the
right of making a concluding argument.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Can we now act upon- the
right of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? Is it
not now only a question whether we will sustain
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It must be a matter of form
whether the point of order is decided now. The
question will perhaps more properly come up after
the main question is ordered to be put, and the
Chair has recognized thegentlemarffrom Pennsyl-
vania. But the Chair, as an act of justice to ^he
gentleman from Pennsylvania, in order that his
position in this question may not affect the de-
cision of the House, has thought proper to state
what his decision will be before the previous ques-
tion is seconded.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I claim to have introduced the majority re-
port, and if the rule applies to anybody it applies
to me. I do not wish to abridge the speech of the
genUeman from Pennsylvania, but 1 claim thet>en-
efits of this rule. There is no proposition which
1 have introduced which is not sustained by the
majority of the committee. I want to know
whether the rule extends to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will reply to the
gentleman from New Jersey on the point af order,
and he requests the House to preserve order.
This is an important question, and should be con-
sidered and decided upon by the House with de-
liberation.
Mr. BURT suggested to the Chair, that the
gentleman from New Jersey could not make the'
question of order at this time. He made this ques-
tion to the Chair and to the House, that it was not
competent for the gentleman from Maryland to ap-
peal from any opinion which the Chair might ex-
press, and that the Chair could not decide this
question until it arose. He protested against these
informal points of order, and against this'informal
debate. ' * '
