216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
But this is oil they have the right, upon any prin-
ciple of fairness or justice, to claim.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he doubted not, if
the facts of this contested election were generally
known to members, that the temerity of certain
gentlemen on the other side in precipitating the
unseasonable discussion of the merits of this ques-
tion, would be regarded with profound astonish-
ment. The notable antecedents connected with the
Congressional election in the first Cpngressional
district in Iowa, had undergone a very thorough
and animated discussion in the newspapers in the
Northwest during the past year, and were pretty
tenerally understood in that quarter. Hence Mr.
IcC. was enabled to speak with certainty upon
the subject. Prom his general knowledge of the
subject, he supposed the case stood about so before
the Committee on Elections. If he should be in
error, he hoped he would be corrected. The sit-
ting member from Iowa [Mr. Thompson] had
exhibited his certificate of election, duly authenti-
cated by the signature of the Governor and the
broad seal of that State, upon which he had been !
admitted as a member of this body, and upon !
which it was sufficient for him to rest until the '
presumption it raised in his favor was overturned
by stronger proof. The contestant, [Mr. Miller,]
denying the validity of this presumption, and
claiming to be legally elected himself, had pre-
ferred his petition through the House before the
Committee on Elections. And what pf that pe-
tition ? Among other things, it was understood to
allege that the returns upon which the Governor
had issued his certificate in favor of Mr. Thomp-
son, were imperfect—that the poll in Kanesville
precinct,attached to Monroe county, was excluded
from the count, whereby the result was shown to
be in Mr. Thompson's favor; whereas, otherwise
it would have been in the contestant's favor. Thus,
the election turned upon this precinct. If the poll
of this precinct be included in the count, Mr. Mil-
ler is probably elected; if it be excluded, Mr.
Thompson occupies his present seat rightfully.'
This is, probably, the whole, at all events it is
the main question, and upon its solution the de
cision of the House must depend. When called
upon by the committee, Mr. Thompson had'trav-
ersed the allegations of the contestant's petition,
and particularly the one mentioned; and upon the
issue thus formed, several important questions
arose: first, whether the inhabitants of Kanesville
precinct were entitled to vote under the State con-
stitution ? secondly, if they were, whether Kanes-
ville was in fact attached by law to Monroe coun-
ty? and again, whether or not it was organized for
election, or any other c-ivil purpose? It was well
Icnown in and immediately aiound Iowa, that
Most or all of the persons voting in the Kanes-
ville precinct at the late Congressional election
in that State were persons called Mormons, who
had, notoriously, but lately before left their former
homes in Illinois for the purpose of removing to
California. They were unquestionably emigrants
to that distant country, sojourning only for a sea-
son upon the frontiers of Iowa, for the purpose of
recruiting their strength and means to accomplish
their journey. They were in no just sense inhab-
itants of Iowa, entitled to the electoral privileges
of the people of that State. As well might it be
said that any itinerant person, sojourning for a
season, in consequence of sickness, or detained in
consequence of crime in that State, was entitled to
vote under her constitution. Found in this situa-
tion, the Mormons in this precinct were induced,
through the arts and intrigues of unscrupulous
partisans, to vote in the Congressional election;
and m order to enable them to do so under color
of law, a precinct organization was pretended to
be effected by the leadeis in this fraud, only a few
days or a few weeks before the election. The
Whole transaction may be regarded as a wicked
profanation of the ballot-box, deserving the
severest punishment. But this was an aspect of
the question that Air. McC. would only glance at
pow.^ It might, however, become proper to go
into it at large upon a future occasion. There
■was room to say much upon it.
In regard to the second question, whether
Kanesville precinct was attached to Monroe coun-
ty, and whether it was organized for election pur-
poses it was proper to state, that a law had been j
passed by the Legislature of Iowa attaching the
county due west of Monroe county to that county
for civil purposes. But Kanesville was north of a !
due west line, and if attached at all, was attached
to a more northely county. In corroboration of
this view, it should be stated that the clerk of
Monroe county, under a sense of his official res-
ponsibility, excluded the poll of Kanesville pre-
cinct, in making up the returns of the election in
the various precincts of the county. He excluded
it because the precinct was no part of Monroe
county.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the precinct
had not been organized under an order by the Com-
missioners of Monroe county, who were Demo-
crats ?
Mr. McCLERNAND said he was not prepared
to say from his own knowledge; but several gen-
tlemen around him answered no.
But here was another fact—enough of itself to
invalidate the Kanesville vote—it was this, that
Kanesville was included in the Potawatomie ter-
ritory, over which the jurisdiction of the State had
never been exerted—which was subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States at the very time
of the passage of the law attaching the country
westward to Monroe county, and which contin- I
ued to be so until Iowa passed another law author-
izing the judge of a certain district in the State to
organize this territory into a county upon the re-
moval of the Indians therefrom. Of course the
last law superseded the first; and if it was compe-
tent to organize Kanesville precinct as such at all,
it must have been as a precinct of the new county
of Potawatomie, and not as a precinct of Monroe.
Mr. McC. concluded by saying that he should
vote against theamendment and instructions moved
by the member from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and
that he should vote for the resolution as reported
by the chairman of the Committee on Elections.
Mr. VAN DYKE said, that he desired to return
his thanks to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] and to other gentlemen, for the lecture
they had seen fit to read him, as a member of the
Committee on Elections, for the neglect of his
duty; and he hoped that when these gentlemen
should think proper to intermeddle with the busi-
ness of other committees, as they had done in that
of the Committee on Elections, the members of
these committees would be found equally prompt
with himself in the expression of their obligations
to them. Mr. V. D. then inquired of the Speaker,
to what extent, under the proposed amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the
subject was debatable ?
The SPEAKER said, that the question of the
propriety of recommitting the resolution, and the
proposed instructions, were open to debate.
Mr. VAN DYKE continued: The'Committee
on Elections had come to the conclusion (it was
about the only conclusion at which they had ar-
rived) that there was enough in the case before
them-to justify them in asking the House to au-
thorize these parties to take testimony in the State
of Iowa. It had been alleged here, that there was
now before the Committee on Elections a prima
facie case, which justified the House in turning out
the sitting membei, and putting the contestant
in his place. Suppose this were so : what had
that to do with the question whether permission
should be given to the parties to take further tes-
timony ? That was a question standing by itself.
He conceded that there was testimony before the
committee which, according to a certain precedent
which he had always despised, ought to turn out
the sitting member and put the contestant into his
seat. [Mr. V. D.'s allusion was to the great New
Jersey case.]
Mr. SCHENCK, (interposing.) Do not un-
derstand me as demanding that the House should
act upon the case as it now stands. All I say is,
that the committee cannot of themselves continue
this case. They know the reasons for the con-
tinuance, but they ask the House to continue it,
without assigning reasons, although, as I have
said, they know them.
Mr. VAN DYKE said the committee asked no
such thing, and, so far as his experience went in
election cases, no limit had been fixed to the time
for taking testimony. He could speak positively
as to the last Congress. An order of the House
had been issued authorizing the parties to take
testimony, and no limit of time had been pre-
scribed. The Committee on Elections doubted
whether they had authority to continue the case,
and they came to this House to ask it. And was
he, and were the Committee on Elections to be lec-
tured, because, before they had decided whether
the evidence was sufficient or not, they had availed
themselves of the opportunity to ask the House
that further testimony might be taken ? Was this
delaying the case, whilst the committee had be-
fore them the very question whether a prima facie
case had been made out or not, and before they
had decided that question ? If he understood any-
thing of the matter, this was expediting the case,
and not delaying it. The Committee on Elections
had been in session almost every day since the
House had been organized; they had had these
matters before them; they had been receiving tes-
timony and arguments, and had reached a point
where it was desirable that further testimony
should be taken. And the question now was,
whether that privilege should be granted ?
Mr. HOUSTON, turning to Mr. Van Dyke,
asked a question, of which not a word was heard
by the reporter. Its purport may be inferred from
the reply of
Mr. VAN DYKE, who said that the character
of the allegations made by the coniesting party,
and the character of the answer made by the sit-
j ting member, were such as to render it necessary
that, in case the sitting member could make out
what he alleged, it would be necessary, even on
the contestant's own showing, for him (the claim-
ant) to take further testimony. What v/as the
state of the case before the Committee on Elec-
tions? Ifthe contestant were now admitted to the
seat, yet if the sitting member should substantiate
the position he had taken, the contestant must
take further testimony in rebuttal. And the result of
this state of things, as he understood, had been an
arrangement or undeistanding between the parties
themselves, which had been mutually assented to.
In this way the resolution had been agreed to yes-
terday; it had been submitted to him this morn-
ing; and, in accordance with what he had under-
stood to be the arrangement between the parties,
the resolution had been reported to this House,
simply leaving out the question as to time.
.Mr. TUCK inquired whether the contestant had
ever seen the resolution as offered?
Mr. VAN DYKE said he did not know wheth-
er the contestant had ever seen the resolution as
drawn and presented to the House. Bu^the whole
matter had been talked over in his presence yes-
terday morning. And when he [Mr. V. D.] saw
the resolution reduced to writing, he found that
it was in accordance with the agreement.
Mr. TUCK said that he understood that the si-
lence of the contestant had been wholly miscon-
strued—that he had not assented to the resolution;
and that he was anxiously hoping and expecting
that the House would put a limit to-the time al-
lowed for taking testimon3', that there might be
some prospect of a termination to the controversy.
Mr. T. referred to the case of contested election "of
the last Congress, which had been cited (i. e. Jack-
son and Monroe). The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Van Dyke] was aware that the decis-
ion in that case had been put off until nearly the
close of the session; and that the sitting member
(though not entitled to a seat) was voting upon
some of the most important questions ever sub-
mitted to Congress. The delay which took place
in the decision of that controversy arose probably
from the very fact that no limit of time had been pre-
scribed, ana furnished one of the strongest evi-
dences that could be adduced of the necessity of
insisting upon some limitation in the present case.
It was understood 
Mr. VAN DYKE interposed and claimed the
floor. He had not yielded it, he said, for an ar-
gument. It had ever been that the sitting mem-
ber, admitted in cases of contested election upon
the certificate of the Executive of the State, had
voted ;upon important questions. So it was in
the case from New York. But there had been no
complaint made in that case that the testimony had
not been taken with all expedition—that it had not
been acted upon by the committee, and the decision
been made as speedily as possible. It was true
that delays and difficulties always existed in these
cases, and he had undeistood the contesting mem-
ber this morning to say that this resolution was in
accordance with his views. That gentleman did
not intend to compromise his right to the seat, nor
was it compromised by the resolution. When the
resolution was passed, if the committee did not
report, the House could direct them to do so. This
right Mr. Miller desired to reserve to himself,
