1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
to the House, that the question does not properly
arise, until |he gentleman from Pennsylvania
claims the privilege of addressing the House, and
if the point is insisted on, the decision must be
postponed until that time.
Mj". STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to make
one suggestion to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Sir. Bout.] 1 hope the gentleman and the
House will acquiesce in it. Certainly, the ques-
tion of order, as the Chair has suggested, is a very
important one; I suggest to the gentleman from
South Carolina to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and allow the gentleman from
t Pennsylvania to close the debate. We shall thus
avoid a decision upon the question of order "Until
we have had opportunity further to consider it.
Mr. BURT. I would do so at once in accord-
ance with the suggestion of the honorable gentle-
man from Georgia, but this is a question of a very
important character 
Mr. STEPHENS, (in his seat.) Therefore let
us have time to consider it.
Mr. BURT, (continuing his sentence.) And it
may arise again. I am willing, however, to con-
form to the sense of the House—I am not pertina-
cious at all.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina withdraw the demand for the pie-
vious question?
Mr. BURT. I do if the chairman of the
Committee on Elections will promise me to renew
the motion when he shall have closed his re-
marks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
- members of the House that if the gentleman from
South Carolina withdraws the demand for the
previous question, the Chair will recognize the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] pro-
vided no gentleman who has not addressed the
House contests the floor with him. But if any
member who has not spoken contests the floor
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, under the
ruies of the House, the Chair will be compelled
to recognize him.
Mr. BURT. There isi no disrespect to my
friend from Georgia. I shall not withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that objec-
tion being made to deciding the point of order at
this time, it must be decided hereafter. Before
the Chair puts the motion for the seconding the
demand for the previous question, he desires to re-
peat, for the benefit of the contestant in this case,
that now is the proper time for him to be heard,
if he desires it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mary-
land has taken an appeal from an opinion of the
Chair, which I think perfectly correct. The
opinion which the Chair has just now expressed,
1 cannot think correct. The contestant is not now
a member of the House; he is allowed to address
the House, not' under the general rule, but under
a distinct substantive order. When the debate
shall have been closed, therefore, if he desires to
be heard, he will have that privilege under this
Bpecial order—his speech not being a part of the
debate of the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the point suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio would properly be
made hereafter.
Mr. RICHARDSON said a word which was
lost in the confusion which pervaded the hall.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to ask whether,
if the previous question be seconded, the contest-
ant will not, according to all precedents, be cut
off? 1 so understand the case, and it ought to be
understood by the contestant.
The SPEAKER. The question cannot be de-
cided how. Whenever the contestant claims the
right of being heard, the point will arise.
The question (continued the Speaker) is on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
The question was taken, and the demand was
seconded.
The question being taken—
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. STRONG addressed the Chair, and was
recognized.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, renewed the point
of order which he had before made, against the
gentleman from Pennsylvania speaking, in order,
he repeated, that the decision might go upon the
journal. He entirely concurred in the decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to
make his concluding remarks under the rule of
the House, after the main question is ordered to
be how put, and has recognized the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. From this decision the gentle-
man from Maryland takes an appeal; the question
is, shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House ?
The question was taken,and, without a division,
the decision of the Chajr was sustained.
Mr. STRONG accordingly resumed the floor,
and proceeded to address the House. He said,
that in proceeding to reply to the positions that had
been taken, and ihe assertions which had been
made in befcalf of the contestant, and in favor of
his right to a seat in that House, there were many
things that had occupied the attention of the House
to which he did not consider it necessary to direct
his attention. He had no disposition to meddle
with that which he had heretofore treated as be-
ing utterly unimportant to the decision of the ease.
He had listened carefully to the whole of the de-
bate, and he had yet to find that there had been
any serious attempt made by any gentleman to
controvert the position which he had taken at the
outset, that the constitutional provision of the State
of Iowa must have a controlling effect upon the
decision of the question at issue. Indeed, the gen-
tleman from Georgia, with a candor that was re-
markable, did not hesitate to declare, that if this
was to be regarded as a legal question; ifWwas to
be decided according to the principles of law, with-
out regard to the former practice of the House, it
must unquestionably be determined in favor of the
sitting member. And he understood that such was
the opinion of other gentlemen who had argued on
that side. But the gentleman from Indiana had ar-
gued, that by the rejection of the vote given at
Kanesville, these people would be disfranchised,
merely because they had voted at the wrong place.
And the gentleman from Georgia had said, that
even admitting they had voted in a wrong precinct,
or even in a wrong county, yet their votes should
bo entitled to potential effect, in determining who
was entitled to the seat. The gentleman de-
manded, were these people to be disfranchised ?
His answer was, by no means. He did not
stand there on the pai t of the majority of the com-
mittee to contend that any who had a right
to vote should be disfranchised. He desired to
deprive no man of a privilege that belonged to
him; and he denied that by rejecting these votes
they were disfranchising anybody. The right to
vote was a political right—a right that was secured
by the constitution and laws of the State; and
those who were expressly permitted by the con-
stitution and laws were permitted to vote, viz:
free white men over a certain age; they were per-
mitted to vote, but the time, place, aad manner of
giving such vote, were to«be prescribed by the
State. If the vote were not given in accordance
with the provisions of the law in relation to the
subject—if any of the requisitions of the law were
not complied with, the vote was not a legal vote—
it was no vote at all, it was a nullity—the voter
had exercised no right that he possessed, for he
had no right to vote in any other way, atany other
time, or at any other place, than as prescribed by
law. If, therefore, avote that was not given ac-
cording to law was rejected, the voter was not dis-
franchised, for he had not exercised the right that
he possessed of voting according to law. It had
been argued that the laws of k>wa, on this subject,
were merely directory. He admitted that ques-
tions regarding the mere formality of the return
of votes, might be weighed by the -House, and
determined according to its discretion; but so
far as essentials were concerned—so far as those
particulars were concerned which had been ex-
pressly provided far by law—the House was
bound to be governed by that law. The gentle-
man from Georgia had instanced the case of mar-
riage by way of illustration of his argument; he
would admit that the form of marriage ceremony
might be irregular, and yet the marriage be valid.
But the cases were very different; where there ex-
isted no franchise to be exercised, none could be
taken away. By the constitution of the State of
Iowa, the electral franchise was limited to the
county within which the man resided. He had
no right to vote in any other county—in no other
had he any franchise. If a man then thought
proper to vote in a county in which he did not re-
side, he exercised no franchise which belonged to
him, and it was perfectly idle to say that, because
his vote was rejected, he would be disfranchised.
Herein lay the fallacy of the argument of the
gentleman from Georgia and the gentleman from
New Jersey, and also of the gentleman from Indi-
ana and of the gentleman from Maryland. They
regarded the elective franchise as a right having
an existence coextensive with the boundaries of
the State. Such was not the fact. It was con-
fined.to the county in which the man claiming the
right to vote lived. And if he voted beyond that
county, and his vote were rejected, he was de-
prived .of no right, for he never had any.
But it was also contended that these persons
resided within the congressional district, and there-
fore that they had a right to vote within that con-
gressional district. This was a departure from the
issue. The question was, Did these persons ex-
ercise their franchise? Suppose, said Mr. S.,
they had voted in January instead of voting in
August, would not the result have been the same?
But if in such case you allow the vote, you deny
to the State the right which tke Constitution of
the United States gives to it, to fix the time for
holding the election. Where, he would ask, was
the difference in principle between voting at the
wrong time and voting at the wrong place > Was
it not as important to prescribe the place as to
prescribe the time ? So in regard to the manner of
voting. The manner having, been prescribed, it
having been declared that the vote should be by
ballot, a man had no constitutional privilege to vote
in any other way. And the place of voting being
prescribed, he had no constitutional privilege to
vote in any other place. The moment that House
permitted a man to vote at a different time, in a
different manner, or at a different place from that
fixed by the law of Iowa, they gave to him polit-
ical rights which he did not possess under the
constitution of Iowa, and by such act they over-
rode the provision of the Constitution of the
United States which accorded to Iowa the right to
fi>c the time, place, and manner of holding elec-
tions.
It was within the knowledge of very many
members of that House that a general rule pre-
vailed throughout almost all the northern States
which restricted the right to vote to the township
in which the voter resided. It was not so in the
southern States, and therefore scWjhprn gentlemen
did not always see the necessity^Wejecting votes
not given in the prescribed precinct.
By refusing to admit a vote illegally given, they
were not interfering with the vorer's right—they
were merely refusing to extend the elective fran-
chise beyond those limits that had been assigned
to it by law. It would be a very foolish proceed-
ing on the part of the House, he thought, to un-
dertake to enlarge the rights of voters in Iowa.
They ought to leave the matter where the Consti-
tution of the United States intended it should be
left when it authorized Ihe State to fix the time,
place, and manner of holding the elections.
Mr. S. next adverted to that portion of the ar-
gument of gentlemen on the other side, having re-
lation to the fact which they had endeavored to
establish, that Kanesville was within Monroe
county. Even the minority of the committee in
their report (he said) had not attempted to dispute
that Kanesville was six miles and a half north of
the northern line of Monroe county. But the gen-
tleman had argued that there was an understood,
admitted, claimed line running north of Kanes-
ville and bringing it within Monroe county. But
the most extraordinary argument (he said) was
that of the gentleman from Maryland, who stated
that for a crime committed there the culprit had to
be indicted in Monroe county. It was the first
time he had ever heard that the finding of a jury
was an absolute demonstration of the extent of
county jurisdiction. Many a time in his life had
he known of a man being indicted and acquitted
for want of jurisdiction, because the offence had
not been committed within the jurisdiciion of the
court; but, according to the argument of the gen-
tleman, the petit jury ought to have taken the find-
ing of the grand jury as settling the question of
jurisdiction. He replied to that portion of the ar-
gument of gentlemen^n the other side which
rested upon the fact tbat the county commissioners
