1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
but lie probably supposed that this resolution ad-
mitted away the right he had reserved. He (Mr.
Y. D.) supposed the gentleman had been told so,
and that he was dissatisfied, therefore, with it. No
such right was given away by it.
Mr. HOUSTON was understood to say, that in
conversation with Mr. Miller, he had understood
him to express no objection to the resolution, ex-
cept that he thought there should be some time
limited within which the testimony should be
closed.
Mr. VAN DYKE continued: If the gentleman
from Delaware [Mr. Houston] had remained quiet,
he would have heard all he (Mr. V. D.) had- to
say upon the subject. He had no desire to be in-
terrupted for the purpose of contradiction; he was
■willing to be interrupted for purposes of informa-
tion. That was enough. He was stating that he
understood that an impression had been conveyed
to the mind of the contesting member, from the
arguments used here to-day, that the resolution
took away his right to claim the seat now, and
that, therefore, he did not assent to it. The reso-
lution embraced no such proposition. The con-
testant did not agree to it-, nor did he (Mr. V. D.)
understand that the Committee on Elections had
given their assent to it. That was an open ques-
tion. It might be before the House to-morrow, or
at any other time; but, in the interval, it stood by
itself, as it ought to do; and yet the Committee on
Elections had been lectured here for not having
made a report upon a point on which they
liad not yet themselves acted. So far as he was
informed, nothing had been said before the com-
mittee as to the limitation of the time within which
testimony should be taken. He had no objection
to a limitation. He understood the contesting
member now to say that it was an omission—that
he did not raise the question; and that it was not
raised by any one. It had not, however, been un-
thoughtofby him, (Mr. V. D.;) butin consequence
of the want of familiarity with the State of Iowa,
aifd distances which might have to be traversed in
procuring this testimony, he did not know how
long a time might be required, and he thought that
if the question was not raised, it was not for him
to make it. So nothing had been said about it. But,
he repeated, that he had no objection to a limita-
tion if the House proposed it, and the committee
should think it desirable ; though his own impres-
sion was, that it would be better not to put a limit
at this time. The parties were sent home to take
testimony. If there should be reason to believe
that an unusual or improper delay was taking
place, it would be competent for the committee
or any member of the House to ask for an order
of the House closing the testimony within a spe-
cified time. His main object in rising had been
to vindicate the Committee on Elections, which
seemed to have been assailed from every part
of the House. In his opinion that committee had
discharged its duty. Gentlemen mightcharge him
to the contrary as soon as they pleased. They
mi"ht charge him with a willful design to keep in a
Democratic'member. Gentlemen, (continued Mr.
V D ) vou do not yourselves believe the charge,
no'r do I believe that either side of the House will
entertain such an idea.
[Voices from both sides: "No, no; we^do not
^Mr'v D.lhen recapitulated, in a few words,
what'the' course of action of the committee had
been; referred again, briefly, in terms of condem-
nation to the precedent in the great New Jersey
case; and concluded by 8ayln?> tha' lf"hf
statement, there was any member of the House
xtrhn Wl effrontery enough to rise ana s>ay that the
committee had not discharged theirduty,he nught
"Iwr^RICHARDSON moved the previous ques-
tion.
'°Mr BAKER, remarking that he was requested
by the contestant to present his view of the case,
 4ked Mr. R. to withdraw the demand.
Mr. RICHARDSON declined to do so.
Mr. GENTRY called for the reading of the res-
olution which was again read.
After a brief conversation, the question was taken
on the motion of Mr. Richardson, and was e-
nwleH in the negative—ayes 66, noes not counted.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the p.,e^ous|uestion. ^ ^ (
ofThegetue® "contesting the seat of the hon-
orable member from Iowa, to make a few remarks,
which will, I think, obviate the necessity of the
instructions to the committee, and, possibly, meet
the views of any body concerned. I wish, how-
ever, to say, in the first place, that no one has pro-
posed to give the seat to the contestant, upon what
has been "called ex parte testimony, and, notwith-
standing the opinion of the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] I submit to the
House that there is no reasonable ground for such
a suggestion. The sitting member has taken his
seat here, and, I think, properly, upon the certifi-
cate of the canvassers. The contestant has shown,
as I think, upon proof admitted by the Committee
on Elections, that this certificate was based upon
partial returns, and that upon the whole return he
is clearly elected. Upon this state of fact, he is
willing to submit his case to the House; and upon
this, as a question of "return," I think there can
be no doubt. But the committee who report this
resolution, anxious to determine all questions
which may hereafter arise, as to the legality of
the votes upon which the seat may depend, desire
that testimony may be taken as to the state of fact
alleged by the sitting member, and, of course, re-
butting testimony also. To this the contestant has
no objection; but one thing he does object to, and
that is, indefinite delay. Let there be a limit be-
yond which the case shall not be prolonged, and
he is content; and I therefore'announce to the
House his entire acquiescence in any delay not
exceeding seventy or eighty days, in order that
testimony may be taken in Towa.
The grounds upon which he claims his seat are
not such as to make him fear anything but delay;
and he is confident that this will appear to the
House. At the same time, sir, it is proper I should
say that, in my opinion, he is entitled to his seat
on the proof exhibited now, as much as the sitting
member was upon his certificate. The facts here-
after to be shown may change the right again, and,
therefore, I think the resolution proper; but the
passage of this resolution does not commit the
House against an intermediate decision upon the
returns as now before the committee. Whether
that question will be made, 1 do not undertake to
sav; but as it is obvious that proof of other facts j
will' be necessary to a fair determination, I shall
vote for the resolution authorizing it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, said: Mr. Speaker,
if I understand the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, it is, that the report of the Committee on
Elections be recommitted, with instructions to that
committee to report to the House all the proof that
has been submitted to them in relation to this con-
test. , .
If, sir, the object of that motion be to wrest from
the hands of the committee the further considera-
t on of this case, I, as a member of that committee,
will assure the House that I have no sort of ob-
jection to the adoption of that motion. But, sir, if
the object be to get the proof befju-e the House,for
the purpose of acting upon it, to deprive the sitting
member fronj Iowa of his seatj therij sir9 I do ob-
JeCI 'suppose, Mr. Speaker, that it is competent for
the contestant and the sitting member to majte up
the issues in this case for themselves. This, sir,
they have done; and if the proof is examined or
acted upon at all, it will be examined with refer-
ence alone to the issues that the parties have seen
proper to make up.
Then, sir, let me state the issue. The contest-
ant claims that he has been deprived, in the calcu-
lation of the election returns, of (say) a thousand
votes, that were given to him at a precinct called
Kane'sville. The sitting member admits that the
contestant did receive a thousand votes at Kanes-
viile, but insists that Kanesville is not within the
limits of his congressional district or his State.
Now, sir, is it fair, equitable, or right, to give
the contestant an ex parte hearing,either before the
committee or in this House, upon a copy of the
poll-book that purports to have been kept at Kanes-
ville, without giving the sitting member an oppor-
tunity of proving the facts stated in his answer,
that Kanesville is not within the limits of his dis-
trict and therefore there were illegal votes, and
prop'erly excluded from the calculation of the elec-
tion returns? .
I ask, sir, if it is proper to deprive the sitting
member'of his seat upon this floor upon this record,
irrelevant as it is to the issues made up by the par-
ties > for, sir, this record does not purport to prove
whether Kanesville is within the limits of the con-
gressional district in question, or not. And this is
the real issue between the parties. If, sir, this is
to be the course pursued by this House, this trial
becomes a mere mockery, rather than a procedure
for the attainment of the ends of justice.
I know not, sir, what.may be the views enter-
tained by the contestant upon this matter this
morning, hut suppose his friends upon the other
side of the Hall are to be regarded as the exponents
of them. But one thing I do know, sir, that the
views expressed upon the other side of the House
this morning are not-in accordance with the decla-
ration of the contestant at the time he submitted
his record to the consideration of the committee.
The committee, I imagine, would have the right to
deny the contestant an ex parte hearing upon the
proof and the merits of the case; and this, I doubt
not, they would have done, had the contestant
made any such demand. But, sir, the records in
question were submitted to the committee by that
gentleman, with the avowed object of having the
question of their admissibility alone considered
and determined by the committee, with a view to
proceeding to take such other testimony as might
be necessary for the purpose of reaching the troth,
and attaining the ends of justice; and, indeed, sir,
by far the most material and important record
submitted by that gentleman was decided admissi-
ble only when the contestant should make it rele-
vant to the issue by other proof hereafter to be
18 Now, sir, as to the limitation of time in which
this testimony is to be taken—that question is not
now before the House; hut, sir, if a limitation is
desired, I can say for myself, (and I believe for
every member of ihe committee,) that I am ready
to vote for any limitsuion of time that will give to
each party a full and fair opportunity to collect ihe
facts necessary to a fair trial upon all the met its of
this case; for I assure you, sir, that I have no de-
sire to protract this controversy, or delay the de-
cision of this case one hour beyond the time abso-
lutely necessary for the attainment of justice.
Mr THOMPSON, of Kentucky, being a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections, made a brief
statement of his understanding of the case. At
the time this resolution was drawn he. had not been
present in committee, having been engaged upon
business on another committee. The Committee
of Elections, he believed, and every member of the
House he. presumed, desired that these parties
should have a fair trial. The petitioner alleged
that he had a majority of the votes cast, but that
the majority were not given to him, because the
votes of the Kanesville precinct had been .ejected
by the canvassing officers. The sitting member
had taken his seat by virtue, of the Governor s
certificate, which the contestant alleged had been
given him in consequence of the reaction of the
votes of the Kanesville precinct. Upon this point
the issue had been made between the two parties.
There were two descriptions of contested cases t
one where the returns alone were brought-into
question, and the other where the merits of thecase,
or both the merits and the returns, were involved.
In this case, by the returns the sitting member was
entitled to his seat. The Committee of Elections,
therefore, had only proceeded to hear a part of the
testimony. The testimony of the poll-books, and
other formal records, show who had the major-
ity of the votes. They bad heard the evidence so
far as it had been given, as had been remarked by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris;] the
documentary evidence had been received by the
committee, but only as prima facte evidence, and
not conclusive, because the sitting member said, in
his replication, that in point of fact the Kanesville
precinct was not within the Congressional district;
and be said, also, that there were vote., of al ens
and minors, which were claimed by the contesting
mTeces'sarily, then, and as a matter of course, an
issue had been made upon the meats of tne case.
As there was no law of Congress a lowing deposi-
Uons to-be taken, the committee had applied to the-
House to a,.th0;.ize them. He had only to say
that it was necessary, in order to a fa.r tnal of the
case to authorize the parties to take depositions
Spon due notice. Let the case be thus fairly made
Zand brought to trial, and let the seat be given to
whichever party it belonged. _
Mr STRONG said he did not intend to occupy
the time of the House by any extended remarks
