1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
had established a precinct at Kanesville, contend-
ing that they were entirely mistaken, in suppos-
ing it to be a part of Monroe county. There was
no county or political organization there, and from,
its position it ou^ht to have been attached to Ma-
haska and not to Monroe county. He proceeded
to notice the Dallas county vote, showing; that the
persons spoken of in the testimony resided south
of Dallas county line, and contending that their
votes ought not to be admitted. He called upon
the House to decide this question according to the
principles upon which, as a judicial tribunal, they
were bound to adjudicate all such cases, without
traveling beyond the bounds prescribed by the
Constitution, without conferring rights which the
State constitution of Iowa did not give, for they
could not give rights which her constitution denied
without a palpable violation of the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. S. having concluded,
And the question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendments proposed by Mr. Van Dyke to the
resolution reported by Mr. Strong—
Mr. STANLY said, as it was desirable to have
a full House to decide this important question, and
as it would be difficult to get one at this late hour
without a call of the House, he hoped that the
House, by general consent, would agree to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject, and
agree to take a vote upon it at twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
The CHAIR (in reply to Mr. Stanly) stated
that this would be the first question m order to-
morrow morning, and as the previous question
had been sustained, a call of the House could not
be had. It would be in order to move to fix an
hour for the vote only by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will state that the contest-
ant does not desire to be heard; he thinks that the
question has been fully discusse.d.
Mr. VAN DYKE said: Without yielding the
point that I have the right to be heard, I will
waive the exercise of the right.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
The SPEAKER. The,Clerk will report the
resolution reported by the Committee on Elec-
tions.
The Clerk read the following:
Resolved, That William Thompson is entitled to ttie seat
in tins House which he now holds as the representative
from tile first congressional district of Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Van^3yke] has moved an amend-
ment to strike ourall after the word "resolved,"
and insert the following—being the resolutions ap-
pended to the report made by the gentleman from
JVew Jersey, together with the resolution added by
him to day—viz:
1. Resolved, That the seven votes cast at Pleasant Grove,
with the middle letter of the contestant's name omiued, be
allowed and counted for liini.
2. Resolved, That the vote cast at Kanesville be allowed
and counted ;ts a lesai vote.
3. Resoled,, That the vote cast at White Oak be counted
and allowed as a legal vote.
4. Resolved, That the vote east at Chariton be allowed
and counted as a le^al vote. ... .
5. Resolved, That the vote ca=t in Wells township be al-
lowed and counted as a le^al vote
6. Resolved, TUgt the vote cast in the township of Boone,
in the county of Polk, in the second district, be disallowed
and deducted from the votes counted for the first district.
7. Resolved, That the votes cast in the county of Dallas,
bv persons proved to have been residing at the lime south
of the southerly line of Dallas, be rejected and disallowed.
8. Resolvei, That Daniel P. Miller is entitled to a seat in
this House as the Representative from the first congressional
district of Iowa.
The question was on the amendment.
Mr. ASHE inquired if it would be in order to
call for a division of that amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the grentleman can ask for a division.
Mr. ASHE called for a division, then.
The SPEAKER. The question will be on
agreeing to the first resolution.
Mr. BURT. I believe (the previous question
having been ordered) it is not now in order to
move to strike out all the resolutions reported by
the gentleman from New Jersey, except the last?
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordered, no amendment is now in order.
Mr. BURT. -I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Ashe,] then, will insist upon a
division of the question.   .
Mr. WINTHROP hoped £5 be indulged by the
Chair'in calling his attention to the point which
he had just decided—that the resolutions proposed
to be inserted were, divisible. He thought if
the Chair would consider for a moment, he would
see that, upon a motion to strike out a resolution
and insert several resolutions connected together,
the question was not divisible; and if the House
adopted the amendment, i. e., agreed to strike out
and insert, a division might then be called upon
the matter inserted.
Mr. VAN DYKE inquired if he could modify
his amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do it by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Then I withdraw all the
resolutions except the last.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected. He desired
to vote on all these resolutions separately, as they
could, if the Speaker was right.
The SPEAKER stated that his attention having
been called to the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, he had examined it,
referred to a precedent in the 29th Congress, and
expressed the opinion that the motion to strike
out and insert was divisible, to the extent of in-
serting any substantive part of the resolutions.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Ashe.) Does the
gentleman from North Carolina insist upon his
call for a division of the question?
Mr. ASHE. I understand the gentleman from
New Jersey to modify his amendment.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman can modify
only by the general consent of the House.
Mr. PRESTON XilNG o&jected. He thought
the safest mode was, to vote upon all the resolu-
tions separately,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Can the gen-
tleman from New Jersey modify his amendment?
The SPEAKER. He cannot, except by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to call for a division
of the question, so as to vote first on the motion
to strike out, and then on the motion to insert?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order.
Mr. ASHE withdrew his call for a division of
the question.
Mr. PRESTON KING renewed it.
The SPEAKER stated, that the question would
be on agreeing to insert the first resolution.
The first of Mr. Van Dyke's series of resolu-
tions was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state the
effect of these votes. If any of these resolutions
are voted in, the original resolution would be
stricken out. In order to sustain the original reso-
lution, it is necessary to reject all the resolutions
proposed to be inserted.
Mr. PEATHERSTON moved that the House
adjourn. Rejected.
Mr. INGE. Do I understand the Chair to de-
cide, that when a series of resolutions are offered
as a substitute, it is in order to call for a division?
I hold that the vote must be taken upon all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Does the gentleman from Alabama appeal.
Mr. INGE. 1 do.
The SPEAKER announced the question on the
appeal.
Mr. RUMSEY submitted that it was too late
to take the appeal.
The SPEAKER stated that it was in time, as
no action had been taken.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 75, noes 93.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the question on the amendment of Mr. Van Dyke
was- decided not to be divisible.
The question recurring on agreeing to the said
amendment as a whole—
The SPEAKER propounded the question.
Mr. VAN DYKE. My suggestion was to
modify my amendment so as to vote upon insert-
ing the last resolution only. 1 ask now to be al-
lowed so to modify.
Mr. JONES and others objected.
Mr. BOYD asked to have the amendment again
reported.
Mr. McGAUGHEY inquired if the question
wfiuld not be divisible if the amendment were
agreed to ?
The SPEAKER replied, that he thought that
question free from all difficulty, and that it would
be divisible, notwithstanding the decision of the
House just made.
The amendment was again read,
And the question being on its adoption,
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 95, nays 94—as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Baker, Bennett, $okee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Burrows,
Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler. Clarke, Clingman, Cole, Con-
ger, uonvm, Crowell. Deherry, Difkey, Dixon, Duncan,
Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nalhan Evans, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Giddings, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton,
Hay, Hayinoml, Hehard, H^nry, Holme?, Houston, Ilnwe,
James L. Johnson, Knrr, Daniel P. King, Gnome G. King,
James G. Kiny,John A. King, Preston King, Horace Mnrm,
Marshall, Matteson,McGaughev, McKlssoek, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, Moacham, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, -
Oiiss, Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley,
Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, ^ackett, Sehenck,Schermerliorn,
richoolcraft.Sbfpperd, Silvester, Spauldinsr, Sprague, Stanly,
Alexander H. Stephen*, Taylor. John B. Thompson, Thur-
rnan,Toombs,Tuek,Underbill, Van Dyke, Watkin*, White,
and Wintlwop—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson, Ashe., Averett, Bay, Bftylv,
Bea!e, BUsell, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burl, Jo«eph Cable,
George A. Caldwell. Cartter, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Col-
cock, D.iniel, Dimmiek, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edmund-
son, ZSwing, Featberston, Fitch, Gerry, Giltnore, Gorman,
Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan, l«ham G. Hairis,
Sampson W- Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoaglaod,
Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, fnge, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, La
S&r-, Letter, Liulefield, Job Mann, Mason, MeClornand,
McDonald, McDowell. McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen,
McWiliie, Meade, Miller, Million, Morris, Morse, Olds,
Orr, Penslee, Peck. Phelps, Potter, Richaidson, Robbing
Robin-on, Ross, Savaae, Seddon, Richard H. Stanton;
Sfronsr, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
Wnlden, Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth. Whittlesey, Wii-
mt'-k, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, and Young—94.
[The following gentlemen, when their names
were called, declined to vote, stating that they had
paired off, viz: Mr. Conrad, with a gentleman
fiom North Carolina; Mr. Parker, with his col-
league, Mr. Morton, who had been called home
in consequence of sickness in his family; Mr.
Thomas,.with his colleague, Mr. Gentry; Mr.
Stetson, with Mr. Ashmun, who had been ob-
liged to return home; and Mr. Bingham, with a
gentlemen from Virginia, who was ill.]
Mr. BINGHAM having made this statement,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose, and said
he wished to ask the gentleman from Michigan a
question.
The SPEAKER said, no conversation was in
order while the roll was being called.
Mr. JOHNSON insisted that it was his right to,
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Cannot a gentleman
be called upon to vote, who sits in his seat and re-
fuses to answer when his name is called ?
Mr. JOHNSON. -That is what I want. I
would like to know whether it*is not in the power
of any member of the House to call upon another
member to vote? A single vote sometimes reveals
a whole truth.
The SPEAKER, said that the rule required
.gentlemen present to vote; but no means had ever
been resorted to by which a gentleman could be
compelled to vote. H was an obligation resting
upon him under the rule.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have the right to expect
that the name of the gentleman from Michigan
will be called.
The SPEAKER. The name of the gentleman
from Michigan has been called. The Speaker
will remark to the gentleman from Arkansas, that
it is very unusual to attempt to force a gentleman
to vote under these circumstances, when he haa
paired "(F wi'h a gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, sir.
The SPEAKER, then announced the vote, (as
above.) Yea? 95 nays 94 and adde'd, the
Chair voles in the negative: so the amendment is
not agreed to.
The question occuring on the adoption of the
original resolution, reported from the Committee
on Elections.
Mr. ASHE inquired if it was now in order to
move an adjournment.
Mr. MEADE moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken were—yeas 76, nays 112; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alhertson, Ashe. Averett, Ba^, Bayly,
^Beale, Bissell, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G Brown,
William J. Brown, Bucl, Joseph Cable. George A. Caldwell,
Cartter, W. R. W. Conb, Darnel, Dimmick, Dunham, Ewm?,
Feather«ton, Fitch, Gerry, Gorman, Green, H uniltwi, Ham-
mond, Harlan, Isham G. Hatrn, Thomas L. Hani?!, Htbhartl,
Hoajjland, Holladay, Howard. Hubbatd, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, La Sfere, Leflter, Littlefield,
Mason, MeClernarid, McDonald, McDowell, McMullen,
McQueen, McWiliie, Meade, Miller, MxJison,Morris, Morse,
