1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
To take into their considerafion all such petitions and
other iriHlt«r& t> mhing the election and returns in the ea&e
of the seat of William Thompson, of the fim. district of
Iowa, a sitting member of thiU House, contested hy  
Miller, and winch has been referred to them; and all papers,
evidence, and facts which have been brought before them
in that ease, and report a* soon as practicable the state of
the case to this House; and if, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, they ought Id be further continued for additional
testimony, then that they report tlie reasons why such con-
tinuance is necessary.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded,and the main question was ordered, being
first upon the amendment of Mr. Schenck.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the amendment of Mr.ScHENCK was adopted.
The resolution us amended was adopted.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. VENABLE, the House
resumed the consideration of the special message
of the President; the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Venable, to refer to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and print.
Mr. CLINGMAN, who was entitled to the floor,
waived his right.
Mr. SEDDON" addressed the House on the sub-
ject of the President's communication in reply to
the resolutions submitted by Mr. Venable; at the
close of which, there was some applause, which
was checked by the Speaker. His remarks will
be published as soon as prepared.
Mr. SEDDON having concluded—
Mr. McCLEflNAND moved to amend the mo-
tion of Mr. Venable, so as to refer the message to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and print; and upon that motion he de-
manded the previous question.
Pending this question—
On motion of Mr. STANLY, the House ad-
journed.  
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented'and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. COLE: The petition of S. N. Lester and others,
for the extension of a mail route from Prairie du Chien,
Wisconsin, to Fort Atkinson, Iowa, via Monona, Po>tviMe,
&c. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, the petition of J. I). Wilcox, J. L. Wilcox, and
forty-ptfven others, praying Congress to abolish th« office of
Chaplain, and refrain fiom all legislation upon religious sub-
jects. Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Uy Mr. MILLSON: The, memorial of Mis. H. Saunders,
administratrix of the estate ot Capt. William Davis, praying
compensation for thr services and reimbursement of the
expenditures of satd Davis whilst in command of the United
States transport schooner Eufaula. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. THOMAS: The memorial of Mrs. Jane H. T.
Greenfield, daughter of Col. fielder Dorseu, late of Mary-
land, praying for remuneration for French spoliations prior
to 1801. 'Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of five hundred citizens of
Dod"e, Marquette, and Po*tage counties, in Wisconsin, for
a mail route from Waushara, by Lake Maria, Grandville,
and Piinceton, to Plover Portage. Referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Po?t Roads.
Also, the petition of many citizens of Wisconsin, asking
a mail route from Oshkosh to Strongville, by Algoma,
Bloomtnyilaie, Omro, and W?ukau.
Also, the petition of H. Lyman, 6. Woolverton, and
thirty-nine other*, citizens of Wisconsin, to take action in
favor of a Congress of Nations, to preserve peace.
On motion bv Mr. LA SERE,
L<-ave was granted to withdraw the oapers of A. Bour-
douin and A. A. Roberts from the files of the House, to have
them referred to the Committee of Claims.
BViMr STANTON, of Kentucky: The p«ution of citi-
zens of Kentucky and Ohio, praying an additional allow-
ance to Samuel Dickson, an invalid pensioner.
Bv Mr. SAWTELLE; The petition of Thomas Gray and
ten others, citizens ot the counties ot Somerset and Frank-
lin, in the Stdte of Maine, praying that a mail route be e«-
tahlisheil from North Anson to New Vinejatd,rn-aid Smte.
Referred to the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
R°By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petition of Lpwis
Snap and John Howell. Referred to the Committee on the
P. n and others for ad-
ditional compensation to land officers. Referred to the Com
tee on Public Lands. *>„,wx r>f
By Mr. SEDDON: The petition of Henry r- pJ'rn'JJf
Richmond, Vnuinia, administrator of John Lamb, deceased,
latp chief clerk m the office of the first Comptroller of the
Treasury, for arrears of pay. Referred to the Committet of
Claims.
notices of bij.t.s.
8v Mr LITTLEFiELD: Notice of hi* intention to intro-
duce a hill granting bounty land and extra pay to such sol-
diers m the Mexican war as were piomoted and received
commissions while m the hervice.
Bv Mr CONRAD: A hiil to amend an act entitled An
act for the relief of Fiedeiick Durrine."
Bv Mr LEVIN: A bill for the protection of the ballot-
box, by an extension of the naturalisation law to 21 years
and capitation tax.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 23,1850.
Mr. CORW1N presented'a petition from the
late and present registers and receivers of the
land office at Defiance, in Ohio, asking to be al-
lowed commissions on entries of lands under mil-
itary bounty land warrants; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from certain officers and sol-
diers of the last w r with Great Britain, asking
the same allowance of bounty lands that was
granted to those who served in the war with Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, the memorial of Dudley Baldwin, Charle3
Stetson, and others, asking an extension ot the ad-
miralty and maritime jurisdiction of the district
courts of the United States to all the navigable
waters; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Geo. Wright, asking compensation for the use by
the United States of his invention for the manu-
facture of percussion caps; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GREENE presented the memorial offfm.
Vernon and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee having charge of the subject.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Robert
Butler, late surveyor general of Florida, asking
additional compensation, and the reimbursement
of certain legal expenses incurred while in his
official capacity; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, asking the adop-
tion of measurts for the amicable settlement of all
international difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of the
heirs of Henry Walker, asking compensation for
property destroyed by the enemy in the year 1814;
which was referred to the Committee ol Claims.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of A,
R. Woolley, Charles J. Nourse, and George A.
Bender, in behalf of the officers of the war of
1812, asking that they may be allowed bounty
lands.
On the presentation of this memorial, Mr. Man-
gum took occasion to express the hope that it
might be formally and promptly considered, and
instead of moving its reference, as had been usual
with regard to similar petitions, to the Committee
on Public Lands, he would move in this case that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. WH1TCOMB submitted an additional
document relating to the petition of George R.
Herrick; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, the memorial of Susanna Rose, widow ot
a revolutionary soldier, asking a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Joseph
D. Drinker and other heirs of John Skyrin, ask-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on the
subject . .
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions from the
citizens of the State of Ohio, asking the adop-
tion of measures for the amicable adjustment of
international difficulties; which was reterredto the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
in favor of the reduction of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that garden seeds and other horticultural
products may besent by mail, in limited quantities,
at the rate of postage charged on newspapers;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of the Gree.n Plain Yearly
Meeting, a congregation of Friends in Ohio, asking
the immediate abolition of the army and navy of
the United States, the abandonment of all fortifi-
cations and preparations for war, and the abolition
of the Military Academy at West Point.
Also, from the same, a petition asking the en-
actment of a leyv to prohibit the sale of the public
lands except to actual settlers in limited- quantities,
which was referred to the Committee on Publis
Lands.'
Also, the petition of James Morrow, asking the f
payment of certain bills issued by the Continental
Congress;-which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.  
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of physi-
cians and other citizens of Jefferson eity, Missouri,
in behalf of William H. Furgerson, a soldier in the
late war with Mexico, asking that he be allowed an
increase of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of the
legal representatives of Robert and Alexander Mc-
Kim, asking indemnity for Fiench spoliations
prior to 1800; which was refeired to the select
committee on the subject.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of the counties
of Allegan and Ottowa, in Michigan, asking an
appropriation for improving the communication
between Black Lake and Lake Michigan ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the. Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred a bill to amend
the several acts establishing district courts of the
United States in the State of Florida, and to pro-
vide for writs of error and appeal from said courts,
reported the same back without amendment, and
recommended ils passage.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition .
of the representatives of the settlers on the Maison
Rouge grant, in Louii-iana, reported a bill to grant
the right of preemption to certain purchasers in
the " Maison Rouge grant," in the event of the
final adjudication of the title in favor of the United
States, accompanied by a report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Also, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred the proceedings of a meeting
of members of the bar of Louisiana, in relation to
the terms of the United'States circuit court, re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled "An act for
the better organization of the district court of the
United States within the State of Louisiana," ap-
proved March 3, 1849.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of John
Mitchell, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the peti-
tion of Benj. Wood, a revolutionary soldier, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that it be referred to -the Committee
on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, lo which was referred the bill providing
for an additional term of the United States Circuit
and District Court at Chicago, in the district of Il-
linois, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to divide the district of Arkansas
into two judicial districts; reported back the same
without amendment,and recommended itspassage.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
Ladislas Wankowicz afid G. Tochman, heirs of
Kosciusko, asking to be protected in certain
rights, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
Mr. WALKER. 1 think this is a matter in-
volving a principle of considerable importance. It
is a subject which, I think, should receive the no-
tice of some department of the Government, and,
as it is now before the Senate, it occurs to me it
should be acted-upon in some way, and fterhaps
the Senate should pass a resolution to give it some
degree of solemnity, which mignt be sent with it
if it should be sent to the Secretary of State.
Mr KING. Such has not been the habit of the
Senate When a question of this kind is brought
before us, not involving legislative action, it goes
properly to the Executive. We have nothing to
do with this matter at the present time but to send
it to the Department to which it belongs. To pass
any resolution would be todepartfrom the ordinary-
course, and have no effect except to put the Senate
in a position different from any it has ever occu-
pied before in relation to matters of this kind. I
