THE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESS'rOTV*.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 3, 1850.
New Series No..83,
slavery into the free
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Frank
Carr, Michael Scribner, Jeremiah Stonehurrter,
and others, of Charlottesville, of the State of Vir-
ginia, setting forth the evils of the mob spirit or
insubordination, which they represent as prevailing
in certain of the States, <( calling themselves, in a
spirit of self-laudation, and by way of eminence,
free States," and asking that Congress will, as a
remedy for the evils, " in the especial discharge
4 of its duty under that clause of the Constitution
'which requires the Government to assure to each
1 of the States a republican form of government, at
4 as early a period as possible, enact a law for the
4 purpose of introducio.
States.'
Mr. SEWARD moved that the memorial be re-
ceived and laid upon the table; which motion was
agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution of the
12;h of June directing the Committee on Printing
to inquire into the causes of the delay in furnishing
the Senate with the President's message and ac-
comp^ymg documents, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, as the
message and documents were all printed and de-
livered.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the proceedings of the
State Constitution Convention of Michigan, held
at Detroit, approving the plan of adjustment rec-
ommended by the Committee of Thirteen, reported
in favor of printing the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following, which
lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish the
Senate with copies of ail orders, letters, and correspond-
ence, relative to the late evacuation of Fort Polk, in the
State of Texas, as a military post, and communicate to the
Senate the reasons winch induced its removal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed, if within
his possession and not incompatible with the public inter-
est, to furnish the Senate with a copy of the report made to
Oenerai Ril<;y by Lieutenant E. O. U. Ord, of <i reeoituoii-
sauce between Los Angeles and San Diego, in California.
private bill.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution " for the relief of
Charles F. Sibbald."
Mr. KING, i would ask if there is a written
report in this case?
Mr BUTLER. There is.
Mr. KING. Then let it be read.
The report of the Committee on the Judiciary
was accordingly read.
Mr. KING. Mr. Piesident, I heard but a por-
tion of the report, in consequence of the noise
around me. But, from what i did hear, it appears
to me that if there is any claim on the part of this
individual for further relief than that afforded by
the Secretary of the Treasury, it ought to be
reached by simply passing a resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to reexamine the
case; and if there is any additional evidence pre-
sented by this individual, let that officer take it
into consideiation aid make such additional al-
lowance as that evidence may seem to justify.
But the claim as set forth is no', i think, one that
ought to be recognized by this Government. Here
is a decision with regard to a land title. This in-
dividual goes upon land which the Government
claims. He erects nulls, in order to cut off the
timber and send it to market. The Government,
endeavoring to protect its own property on what
was supposed to be the public lands, drove away
this individual. Ultimately he succeeded in get-
ting a decision of the court in favor of the claim he
set up, to a portion of the lands, at least. Con-
gress, under these circumstances, passed an act
authorizing the settlement and payment of his
claim. It was accordingly adjudicated by the
Comptroller under the act of Congress. %And he
comes forwnrd now, not presenting additional
83
evidence, and asking adjudication on that evi-
dence, byt he-aeks that a kind of board shall he
created, consisting oT three functionaries of the
Government, in order to settle this clnim.
We know from experience what is the effect of
this. At this session, at the instance of my friend
from Virginia, who pressed it very ably, we have
paid a considerat le amount to three individuals
for service such as this in examining claims; some
thousands of dollars, I believe, in addition to their
ordinary salary.
I will not object to authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to reopen this case, so far as to ex-
amine the additional testimony which may be fur-
nished. If this individual is entitled to anything
more, it ought to be paid to him. But to come
forward and claim from the Government the
amount which he might have made if he had
carried on extensive commercial operations, is
going beyond anything I have ever before known
to be asked of Congress. I am only surprised
th-it the committee, for a moment, felt themselves
authoized to sanction a claim of this description.
I hope that the resolution will be so changed as
to merely authorize the reopeningof the accounts,
and then I shall not object to it. While I try to
guard, as far as I can, against improper claims.,
no man on this floor is more desirous to do
justice, and ample justice, to every citizen of the
United States that has a fair claim against the
Government. *
Mr. BADGER. In order to guide my own
action on the question before the Senate, I desire
to be informed by my friend, the chairman of the
committee, whether the bill has been reported
with the general consent of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER. It had the assent of two of
the members of the committee, besides myself,
making a majority, and there was no dissent as
far as I am informed. *
I have no very great information on this sub-
ject, beyond what is disclosed in the report. Mr.
Sibbald, in his application, seeks for a larger in-
demnity than the report allows. He asks interest
from the time uf his loss until the adjustment of
his accounts: he asks for consequential damages.
The committee have repudiated all such allow-
ances. And the accounting officers, in examining
this, will have these general principles before them,
so that they cannot allow damages of this kind.
The only damages allowed are such as have been
allowed in former reports. This is founded upon
the grounds, as Mr. Sibbald alleges, that all the
evidence was not reached by the accounting offi-
cers, or a larger allowance would have been made.
He claims consequential damages for the loss of
his credit, ships, and merchandise. But the com-
mittee would not allow these consequential dam-
As I understand it, the state of the matter was
this: Mr. Sibbald was a merchant at Philadelphia,
doing a prosperous business. He left hi* business
in Philadelphia, and invested all his capital in
these lands, and in erecting saw-mills, getting ves-
sels and other appliances and arrangements to
carry on an extensive business in Florida. The
Government, under the assumption that the title
to the land vested in them,seized upon his mill,de-
prived him of his laud, and in fact arrested him,thus
subjecting him to great loss and great inconveni-
ence. All the acts heretofore passed for his relief,
have been for.the purpose of giving him indemnity
for the loss of his saw-mill, and the actual loss
sustained by the wrongful interference of the Gov-
ernment. This joint resolution is only to direct
the proper accounting officers to reexamine the
accounts, and pay him whatever amount may
have been found to be due to him. I do not know
that a dollar will be paid him.
Mr. YULLE. Mr. President, I know some-
thing of this matter. Mr. Sibbald is a very worthy
gentleman, and I should be very happy to see him
iecfive all that is due to him. But 1 a/n under
the impression that he has already received as
much asthisGovernment, in justiceand in a liberal
performance of Us duties, ought to have allowed
him. Under that impression, I cannot agree to'go
beyond what has been suggested by the "Senator
from Alabama, [Mr.'King-} lam willing that tin
examination of any additional testifriorfy'thatKe
may present may be made. -But -I can -go <rf<>
further.
I think there have already been thrfee'diflfei&ftt
acts of legislation by Congress for the relief o' tlfe
peiirioner in this case. On each occasion it was
referred to the accounting officers for an asccr am-
ment of the amount, who made an award. With
each award he has been dissatisfied, and has come
back to Congress three times for their further ac-
tion. Congress has yielded to his solicitations,
and, under different awards, this individual has
received, I understand, about $55,500 or $60,000.
I am really of opinion that he has received enough*
While I am willing to concede to him great worth,
and great integrity; while I believe that he suffered
much loss, which ought to be compensated by th'fe
Government, yet, believing that sufficient compen-
sation has been made to him, I cannot agree to thfis
joint resolution. I should be willing to lay beforb
a committee the facts of the ease, or ! should bb
willing to let the case go before the board pro-
posed to be organized for the examination of
claims, the bill for which organization has passed,
the Senate,and will, I am informed,pass the House
of Representatives. I should be willing to do this,
because then there would be an opportunity for
the United Stutes to be represented by their attor-
ney. In that way, full justice would be done to the
claimant, as well as to the United States. I shall,
therefore, oppose the resolution, because it leave's
the impression that Congress thought something
further was due to this individual.
Mr. M ASON. Mr. President, 1 obtained some
little knowledge of this matter when I was on the
Committee of Claims at the last Congress.^ 1 did
not make very much investigation, but I investi-
gated it as much as my duties would permit. I
found that this was a case in which gross outrage
had been practised upon this gentleman by the
officers of the United States. The facts of the case
are these: This gentleman was a merchant of
wealth and credit in the city of Philadelphia- He
embarked in a large enterprise with'a view to cut-
ting the timber on a large tract of land which he
obtained by purchase.
Mr. YULEE. He obtained it by inheritance,
Mr. MASON. That only makes the case so
much the stronger for him. But, at any rate, he
was in possession of a large tract of land, upon
which he built a saw-mill. He purchased boats
and entered very largely into the business of cut-
ting timber. He embarked a very lafge sum of
money in the enterprise. And, while in the
of it, the officers of the Government came, broke'
up his whole establishment, drove off his hands,
shut up his saw-mill, and arrested him while he
was in the discharge of his proper and appropriate
duties. The Government being of strong arm,
the citizen could not resist. His only alternative
was to come into court and establish his title to the
land. He did go into court, and he established
his title; and he now comes before this Govern-
ment and asks redress for losses which he has
sustained. These are the facts. It would seem
that something had been paid to this individual
previous to this. What amount may have been
paid I do not know—some say $22,000,and others
say §55,000. I am utterly uninformed as to the
amount whi^h has been paid. But I do know
that the Judiciary Committee recommended to the
Senate that the proper accounting officers should
be directed to inquire into the case, and if money
be due, to pay it.
The fact appears that this gentleman has in-
curred very heavy losses. Any one that knows
anything at all ab.out the organization of this Gov- .
ernment, knows that, whether it results from" toad
organization, or from the want of organization*
there is no mgdeof adjusting theseiclaims soas to
do justice to both the Guvernmentand iheclaims®t>
Proper and fair claims are denied because, of the
want of a proper tribunal to investi|^t&th«m. I
have no other knowledge of this <c&se
