220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
trust the Senator from Wisconsin will think it is
best to let it take the course which 1 have recom-
mended. We must all take it for granted that the
Secretary of State will inquire into the matter, and
do that which is proper to defend the rights and
promote the interest of every American citizen re-
quiring Executive aid.
The memorial was referred to the Secretary of
State.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to author-
ize the change of venue in certain cases, reported
the-same without amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
report of the Secretary of the Interior, commnnica*
ting the papers relating to the application of John
A. Rogers, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to .which was
referred the motion to print the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relcttion to the public lands,
reported against printing the same; which was
concurred m.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the report of the Secretary of the Senate,
showing the expenditures from the contingent
fund of the Senate, reported in favor of printing;
which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the report of the Sec-
retary of the Senate, showing the names of the
peisons employed in his office, and salaries re-
ceived by them, reported in favor of printing;
which was agreed to.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. HUNTER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to repeal so
much of an act approved March 3d, 1849, entitled
" An act to establish the Home Department, and
to provide for theTieasuiy Department an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury, and Commis-
sioner of Customs,''as relates to the Department
of the Interior; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, in pursuance of notice, a bill to establish
a Board of Accounts; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following joint reso-
lution:
Revolted, That the joint committee on the Lihraryof the
Senate and House of Kepie&< ntatives, ho authorized ami
directed to purchase tin; maniifenpt of the Farewell Ad-
dress to the people ol the (Jmlcd Stales of' Geoige Wash-
ington, U the purchase can be effected, on just and lair
terms in the opinion of the committee.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resohcil, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of atirhoiizmir the circuit and district
courts of Mis-ouii to coitfoirn the practice and tonnsand
modes ot procedure to those in the courts of the State as
prescribed by law.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN FROM FILES.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Orderel, That the petition of Eugene Van Nes, adminis-
trator of Nehemwih tfru-h, and the petition of James Ed-
ward*, administrator ot Edwairi M. Wanton, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Ordered, That the petition of Mangle M, Q,uackenboss
and otheis, suieti'-s of Samuel SwartwouT, ou the files ol
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. RUSK,
Ordered, That tile petition of Brtan Cnllajjhan, on the
files ot the Senate, he referred to the Committee ot Chums.
VERMONT RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to pi int the resolutions of the General
Assembly of the State of Vermont on the subject
of slaverv, which were some time since presented
by Mr. Upham.
Mr. PHELPS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate at some length upon the gen-
eral question involved in the resolutions. Expla-
nations were also made by Messrs. YULEE,
FOOTE, BUTLER, and others. [A report of this*
speech and explanations will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr, BUTLER. Unless othergentlemen should
now to speak, I move that this subject
lie on the table for the present, in order that we
may take up the special order sf the day.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
SURRENDER OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. BUTLER. I call for the special order of
the day, with a view to move its postponement
until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill to pro-
vide for the more effectual execution of the third
clause of the second section of the fourth article
of the Constitution of the United States was taken
up as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the bill be post-
poned and made the special order for to-morrow
at^ne o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 24, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ASHAJUN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of winch previous
notice had been given.
The tide of the bill was read for information, as
follows: "A bill to rcduce the rates of postage
and to abolish the franking privilege.''
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, suggested that by
unanimous consent one hour should be set apart
for the introduction of bills of which previous no-
tice had been given, and which would not give rise
to debate.
Mr. INGE objected. And he gave notice that he
would object to all propositions not falling within
the regular order of business. And he called for
that order.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON said he hoped the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Inge] would withdraw his
objection, to enable him, by the unanimous consent
of the House, to introduce sundry resolutions. It
might not be understood generally by the House,
that when he (Mr. T.) lelt Oregon Territory for
the seat of government, he bore a memorial from
the Legislative Assembly to the Congress of the
United States; but that memorial was lost with
his baggage on the Isthmus of Panama; conse-
quently, when the States and Temtories were
called for petitions and memorials, he had no me-
morial from his Temtory to picsent. Pie had
therefore drawn up sundry. resolutions upon the
subjects embraced in that memorial, which he now-
wished to offer and have referred to their appro-
priate committees, in order that, while the House
might be engaged in other matteis, he (Mr. T.)
might attend to his matters before the committees.
He had waited hete now nearly two months,
without an opportunity being olieied to present his
resolutions, and his Territory liad not been reached
in the call lor resolutions.
The resolutions which he now wished to offer
pertained to his Temtoi y alone, were of interest to
him moie immediately than to any other member
of the House, and were such as to call fotth no
debate, and would detain the House bur a few min-
utes. Therefore, if there were no objection, he
would offer his resolutions in their order.
The resolutions were read for information, as
ollows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to mquiie—
ls-t. Whether, under the thiid aiticle of the treaty of
boundary and limits, concluded June 15, 1846, between tiie
Government of the United States and that ot Great Britain,
the Hudson V Bay Company and Briti-h subjects mentioned
in said artude are entitled to a fee simple in the hind then
occupier! by ihem respectively in the Teiutoiy ot Oiegon r
2d. What is meant by *' the po^essory rights ot the Hud-
son's Bay Company and of all JBuush subjects*," mentioned
in said article?
3d. Whether the United States has not the right to dis
pose ol all land's men occupied by the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany or Briu-h subjects, by making the sevnial occupant*
a proper remuneration tor what impiovements they had
then made on said iaud ; and how is the amount ot this re-
muneration to be-ascertained?
4th. Whether the Hudson's Bay Company or British sub-
jects had at the tune of said tieaiy "lawfully acquired"
"the occupation of land" in the Teriitory of Oregon ?
And 5th. Whether, under article fourth of said treaty, j
" The Puget's Sound Agricultural Company," mentioned j
in said article, are entitled to any more land than they had
under enclosure, or in a state of actual cultivation, at the
conclusion of said treaty ?
The SPEAKER said the resolutions could only
be introduced by general consent.
Mr. INGE did not withdraw his objection.
So the resolutions were not received.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
On'motion by Mr. BAYLY, the Committee of
Ways and Means were discharged from the further
consideration of the,memorial of S. Morris Wain;
and it was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, on his motion, the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Wm. Archer, praying for the survey
and location of a railroad from the national me-
tropolis to the Pacific Ocean, with specifications
and estimates for a commercial road of three tracks;
and also showing where the ways and means are to
come from, to sccure their completion; and the
memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, inquired whether
the matter had not better be referred to the Corn,-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BAYLY said the plan was a visionary
matter, and that any other reference was not
necessary.
Also, on his motion, the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of citizens of Massachusetts, praying the
establishment of a general banking law by the
United States, by means of which to secure the
immediate construction of a railroad to the Pacific,
as a government work; and it was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. LEFFLER asked the general consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given.
Mr. ROOT objected.
On motion by Mr. MILLSON, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Lawrence
Van Dyke and others, heirs of Joachim Volken-
brugh; arid it was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, on his motion, the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of C. L. Duncan, an assistant surgeon
to the Louisiana volunteers; and it was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the jelief of
the legal representatives of Thomas Jett, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of Susan Worth; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of William Pad-
dy, which was read twice, ordered to be printed
with the report accompanying, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram Moore
and John Haskell; which was read twice by its
title, and committed to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked the general consent of
the Blouse to introduce a bill granting a pension to
Daniel Story.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected, and remarked
that such bills should come from a committee.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN said he hoped the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] would not press that
motion, until an opportunity had been afforded to
members to introduce bills of which previous no-
tice had been given. No opportunity had been
given during the present session. He hoped that
the States would be called in their order.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman was awftre
that the motion could only be entertained by unan-
imous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
