mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
June 29,
and the minority of the committee have been under
consideration, find action has been taken which ex-
hausts i he whole subject, and exhausts the order
of the House, and nothing is now left before the
House for its action. I submit, therefore, that the
reso ution of the gentleman, from Indiana is nqt in
ord'r.
The SPEAKER. The same point was made
by the gentleman from South Carolina, and the
Chrir has overruled it. The Chair does not rule
this resolution to be in order on the ground that
the subject was made a special order, but because
it is a question of privilege and would be enter-
tained without reference to the special order of the
House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. At any time?
The SPEAKER. At any time, as a question
of privilege, it would be in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING made the point of or-
der, that this resolution declaring that a vacancy
existed, was not in order before the right of the
contestant to the seat was passed upon. That
question had not been decided.
The SPEAKER. The question raised by the
gentleman from New York cannot be considered
as a point of order. It is a question for the con-
sideration of the House. The House, if they
adopt this resolution, will declare that a vacancy
exists, and will require the Chair to notify the
Governor of Iowa of the fact.
Mr. PRESTON KING. It is to that point I
wish to call the attention of the House. The res-
olution is a resolution declaring in substance, that
Mr. Miller is not entitled to a seat upon this floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. McGaughey] is entitled to the floor.
"'Mr. BURT. I desire, with very great and un-
feigned respect for the judgment of the Chair, to
take the sense of the House upon the proposition I
made as a point of order, and I therefore feel it
my duty to appeal from the decision. 1 believe it
is competent for me to say a few words in support
of the appeal ?
The SPEAKER intimated that remarks would
be in order upon the appeal, and requested the
genlleman from South Carolina to suspend until
order was restored in the Hall.
Order having in some degree been restored—
Mr BURT said that the facts that gave rise to
the'question of order, which had been propounded
to the Chair, were, that the House had voted upon
the propositions reported to the House fiom the
majority and from the minority of the Committee
on Elections; and had negatived a resolution af-
firming the right of the sitting member to retain
his seat. He apprehended that the action of the
House upon these two propositions disposed of
the matter of the contested election entirely, and
"necessarily affirmed that there was a vacancy in
the House in the representation of ihe State of
Iowa. The usage of the House, as the Chair
must be aware, when such a result had been pro-
duced by the action of the House, was for the
Speaker to inform the proper authorities of the
State of the fact. A matter of privilege, he appre-
hended, related to some member of the Houfse.
He could not conceive of a matter of privilege
affecting this House that did not concern some
particular member of the House. In this instance
there was no one entitled to occupy the seat of a
member from the first congressional district of
Iowa. There was a vacancy. Suppose the seat
had been vacated by the death of a member of the
House, would anybody suppose that a resolution,
similar to that offered by the gentleman from
Indiana would be in order, and should be per-
mitted to override the other business of the House?
He thought not. And, with great deference to
the opinion of the Chair, as he felt some cu-
riosity to know upon what ground the Chair based
his decision that it was a question of privilege, he
took an appeal.
Mr. MORSE desired simply to remark, that
the point of order made by the gentleman
from South Carolina, as he understood it, was,
that the resolution was out of order because
the House had decided already that there was a
vacancy in the representation of Iowa. The
House, he said, had decided no such thing, and
the gentleman from Indiana had very properly
offered a resolution declaring the fact that a va-
cancy existed m the representation of the State
pf Iowa, and instructing the Speaker of this
body so to inform the proper authorities of the
State. This House had not yet decided that there
was a vacancy. He apprehended there were very
many gentlemen in the House who were ready
and willing to vote upon the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, and to declare that a
vacancy existed. But the gentleman from South
Carolina had no right to come to the conclusion
he had arrived at. He hoped, therefore, that the
decision of the Chair would be sustained, and
that the Hbuse, would ^ote upon the resolution.
He moved that the appeal be laid upon the
table.
The SPEAKER stated the question: The gen-
tleman from Indiana had offered a resolution, de-
claring that a vacancy existed in this House from
the first congressional district in Iowa, and direct-
ing the Speaker to inform the Executive of that
State of the fact; the Chair had ruled that this res-
olution was in order; from that decision the gen-
tleman from South Carolina had taken an appeal,
and the gentleman from Louisiana had moved to
lay the appeal on the table. The question was
first upon the motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution of Mr. McGaughey.
The SPEAKER announced that that gentleman
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. McGATJGHEY. I desire to say that I
felt constrained to offer this resolution; and I want j
to say distinctly, whether this resolution is passed |
or not, I shall vote for no resolution to introduce
Mr. Miller to a seat here, though I am entirely
satisfied that Mr. Miller is elected. The reason
why I will not vote to admit him is, because I
will not do a dishonorable thing for anybody. I
have stated this morning that I would offer this
resolution; and on the faith of my declaration, at
least one gentleman, the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullen,] voted against the resolution
reported by  the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Strong.] If the Speaker will decide upon
the present state of votes that there is a vacancy,
I will withdraw the resolution.
[Cries of " No ! hold on to your resolution."
Mr. McDONALD. Will my colleague [Mr.
McGaughey] permit me to say a word ?
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. McGaughey.) Does
the gentleman from Indiana yield the floor to his
colleague ?
Mr. McGAUGIIEY. If he rises to a point of
order.
Mr. McDONALD. I do not rise to a point of
order. I want tf> make a remark or two that will
settle this whole difficulty in five minutes.
Mr. WILMOT, (in his seat.) There is no dif-
ficulty.
Mr. McGAUGIIEY (still retaining the floor)
repeated that this proposition to send the case
back to the people was the proposition of Mr.
Miller when the Committee on Elections first met;
he (Mr. McG.) now did nothing more than
Mr. Miller had wanted done for three or four
months. He demanded the previous question.
Mr. LEPFLER appealed to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. McGAUGHEY declined to withdraw.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the previous question, that I may make an
explanation upon this resolution in behalf of Mr.
Thompson.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I cannot withdraw for
my colleague, inasmuch as I have declined to
withdraw to some of my Whig friends, who wish
to introduce a resolution to admit Mr. Miller.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the resolution
on the table, and I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er, if this resolution were laid on the tabie, the
Chair would hold that it would carry the whole
jj subject with it'
j| The SPEAKER. If this resolution was laid
j| on the table, in the opinion of the Chair, it will
|i affect no other question except the resolution.
!: Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
appeal to the liberality of the House to make a
statement for Mr. Thompson.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not hear re-
marks until order is restored. Will gentlemen
resume their seats and suspend conversation ?
A pause ensued.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks the unanimous consent to make a
statement to this House, as he says, in behalf of
Mr. Thompson. *
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. A very
short statement.
The SPEAKER. Is objection made?
Objection was made; by whom, the reporter did
not hear.
Mr. SCHENCK. The question, 1 believe, is
upon my motion to lay the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Indiana on the table. But before
that is put, 1 rise to a privileged question, and move
to reconsider the vote by which Mr. Thompson
was excluded, and to lay that motio,i on the table.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STRONG submitted the point of order,
that the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana
was a question of privilege; and therefore that the
motion to reconsider did not takeprecedenceover it.
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to recon-
sider a question of privilege; the Chair thinks,
therefore, that it is in order.
The question being on laying on the table the
motion to reconsider—
Tellers were asked and ordered upon ordering
the yeas and nays, and Mr. Harris, of Illinois,
and Mr. King, of Rhode Island, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 30, noes 115—one-fifth voting in the affirma-
tive.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK withdrew the motion to lay
on the table, and said he wished to submit a few
remarks upon the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
in order.
Mr. CARTTER made the point of order that
the question to reconsider and to lay on the table
was one motion and indivisible except by the con-
sent of the Hou^e.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
stating that they were two motions; but even if
but one, it would still be in the power of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw that motion and
submit the motion which he now made.
Some further conversation followed between
Mr. Cartter and the Speaker upon points of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said this matter had certainly
assumed a very singular appearance. He had
taken no part in-the discussion, but he had been
satisfied from the beginning, that one of the claim-
ants for the seat had been duly elected, and he had
been furthermore satisfied that the one who has
been duly elected a Representative from the first
congressional district of Iowa, was Daniel P. Mil-
ler. Believing this, he had accorded with the re-
port of the minorily of the committee; he had con-
curred in the arguments of the gentleman from
Indiana, and others, who had expressed similar
opinions, and had voted to substitute in the place
of the resolution reported by the majority of the
committee, declaring that Mr. Thompson was en-
titled to the seat, the series of resolutions reported
by the minority, the concluding one of which
gave the seat to Mr. Miller. He preferred that
the matter should take that shape, and if it had
done so, the controversy would have been dis-
posed of, and Mr. Miller would have been in his
seat as a member of this House, as he was enti-
tled to be, and ought to be. He would have pre-
ferred a simple resolution, declaring Mr. Miller to
be entitled to the seat.
The resolutions proposed by wayt>famendment,
however, had been voted down. Then came the
resolution to confirm Mr. Thompson in his seat,
and that had been voted down. Believing still
that Mr. Miller had been duly elected, he was
then prepared to offer a distinct substantive reso-
lution declaring that Mr. Miller, having been duly
elected the Representative of the first congressional
district of Iowa, was entitled to his seat as such
Representative, and authorizing the Speaker to
swear him in accordingly. But while struggling
t<j get the floor to do this, he had been anticipated
by a resolution assuming a different ground from
that taken by those who had voted upon the former
resolutions, declaring now, and thus stultifying
themselves, that nobody had been elected, and that
there was a vacancy in the representation of the
first congressional district of Iowa. This he waa
