1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not prepared to vote for. Sitting there as a judge
in the case, and believing that Mr. Miller had been
duly elected, he desired to express and to record
his opinion to that effect. An opportunity to do
this might be denied him altogether, and since it
was possible it might be denied him he wished to
eay a few words in regard to the proposition which
had been submitted by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, one of the members of the Committee on
Elections, declaring that there was a vacancy in
the representation. He could not vote for the res-
olution, for he did not believe there was a vacancy;
v and no representations that might be made to him,
no side-bar agreement made by anybody, could
possibly induce him to vote for it. He knew that
his friend from Indiana was the last man in the
House who would consent to do anything that was
not straightforward and honorable; yet he must
be permitted to express his unqualified wonder and
astonishment, that a gentleman who believed that
there was no vacancy,and had proved by argument
that there was none, should have been drawn into
an agreement to support a proposition of this kind.
Mr. McGAUGBEY stated in explanation, that
in offering this resolution he had only done that
which Mr. Miller himself desired should be done.
Mr. SCHENCK continued. He had not sup-
posed that his friend ftom Indiana could have
been induced to enter into an arrangement to offer
such a resolution as he had offered by any influ-
ence that could be brought to bear upon him from
any quarter. They were sitting as judges in the
case. The issue had been made up.. The proof
was with the committee, and they were now called
upon to say, not wherher there was or was not a
vacancy, but whether Mr. Thompson was entitled
to the seat or whether Mr. Miller was entitled to
it. He could hardly conceive that it was consist-
ent with the duty of a judge, when a case was be-
fore him for adjudication, when all the evidence
had been submitted, to decide, in order to gratify
either of the parties, that there was no case before
him. He could very well understand that a suit—
the case of a private suitor in a court of justice—
i might be withdrawn at the instance of one of the
parties, but the analogy between such a case and
the present did not extend so far. In this case it
was not alone the contestant who was interested;
the people of the first cor.gressional district of Iowa
were interested, indeed the people of the United
States everywhere were interested.
It was for that House to say who is, and who
is not, entitled to the seat. A member might re-
sign his seat after he had been elected, but while
he continued to hold the place, it was utterly im-
possible, according to his view of the matter, to
declaie that theie was no member entitled to the
seat. He b«-heved, moreover, under the circum-
stances in w hich the case had been laid before them,
that Mr. M.ller was the true Representative of the
first congressional district of Iowa; and believing
this, he was unwilling to vote for a resolution de-
claring tnat there was a vacancy in the Represent-
ation, the more especially as they were assured
that there was not a vacancy by the gentleman
himself vho had offered the resolution. He for
one was unwilling to stultify himself by negativ-
ing what he firmly believed to be true and right, by
declaring here that there was a vacancy in the
representation, when he was clearly of opinion
that there was no vacancy, and when, in addition
to that opinion of his own, he was fortified by the
opinion not only of a majority of the Committee
on Elections, but by the opinion of the very gen-
tleman who now called upon him to vote for this
resolution. He had had the honor heretofore of
serving on the Committee on Elections, and had
had occasion to give his vote in two cases, where
a Whig was the contestant, and a .Democrat the
sitting member; in one case the parties had been sent
back to the people, the House believing that it was
impossible to ascertain who had been elected, and in
the other case he had voted in opposition to a num-
ber of his party friends, and in favor of the Demo-
crat. He could not with justice be accused of
allowing party considerations to influence his
judgment in a case like this. He sincerely be-
lieved that there never was a clearer case made
out than that the contestant was entitled to the
seat; he believed that he had been fairly and prop-
erly elected by a majority of the legal voters of
the district; he wished so to declare upon the rec-
ord; >and he was sorry that gentlemen who be-
lieved as he did would not say so with him.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he hoped the gentle-
man from Ohio did not understand'him as being
satisfied that Mr. Miller was entitled to the seat.
Mr, SCHENCK said he only wondered that
the gentleman was not "satisfied of it. He was
surprised that a gentleman who was desirous, as
the gentleman from Illinois was, of doing what
was right in the premises, could come to any
other conclusion. He was afraid that gentlemen
on the other side might themselves be accused of
being influenced by party bias; the accusation, he
thought, applied more properly to themselves than
to those on this side, to whom they had ap-
plied it.
But in this connection he was reminded of
another inquiry, which it would be proper to
make of gentlemen who believed that Mr. Thomp-
son had been duly elected: If such were their
belief, why did they not vole for a resolution de-
claring that he isentitled to the seat? How could
they vote that the seat is vacant if they believed
that Mr. Thompson is entitled to it.
Mr. STRONG (the floor being tuptporarily
yielded to him) said he wished to state upon
what ground it was that he should vote for a
resolution declaring the seat to be vacant. He
believed that Mr. Thompson had been duly
elected and was entitled to the seat. 'The House
had, however, declared that he was not, and there-
fore they had vacated the seat which he occupied
He never had believed, and did not now believe,
that Mr. Miller had been duly elected, and was
entitled to the seat; and as the House had vacated
the seat of Mr. Thompson, he could have no
hesitation in voting for a resolution declaring the
seat to be vacant.
Mr. SCHENCK (resuming) said, the seat had
not yet been declared vacant, and it would not
be until they adopted the resolution of the gentle-
man from Indiana, or some other of a similar pur-
poit. The House had refused to declare that Mr.
Thompson was entitled to the seat, but they had
not yet declared by a substantive proposition that
Mr. Miller was not entitled to it. They had
voted Mr. Thompson out, but they had not voted
that Mr. Miller was not entitled to the seat.
There was, then, as yet no vacancy. They must
go on, and either adopt such a resolution as that
of the gentleman from Indiana, declaring the seat
vacant, or they must, by a subsequent resolution,
such as he intended to propose, declare that Mr.
Miller was entitled to the seat. He concluded by
moving to lay the resolution upon the table.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. CARTTER asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House laid
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution declaring Mr. Thompson en-
titled to his seat was rejected.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Schenck to lay on the table the resolution of Mr.
McGaughey—
Mr. SCHENCK, in order (he remarked) to save
time, and inasmuch as he could vote against the
resolution directly, withdrew the motion.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution of Mr. McGaughey.
Mr. YAN DYKE moved to amend the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. An amendment is not in or-
der pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER renewed the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, but subsequently withdrew
it.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I want to hear the pro-
posed amendment of the gentleman from New Jer-
sey read.
The SPEAKER. It will be read by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
No objection being made,
The amendment which Mr. Van Dyke desired
to offer to the resolution of Mr.McGAUGiiEY, was
read, as follows:
Stnke out all the resolution after the word "resolved,"
and mae t— *
" That Daniel F. Miller is entitled to a seat in this
Hou^e, as a Representative from the first congressional dis-
tiiet of Iowa, and that the oath ot office be now adminis-
tered to hun by the Speaker'
Mr. McGAUGHEY * I cannot consent to act-
mit that amendment.
The question recurring.on seconding the?demand,
for the previous question, and being takei5~ '
The previous question was seconded,
main question was ordered to be. now put—feeing/
on agreeing to the resolution of Sir. McGahgice-W :
Mr. CROJVELL asked the yeas and flays, * .
The yeas and nays were ordered, .1
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the resolution
be reported. !
It was read accordingly. " ' ~
The question was taken and decide#,
firmative—yeas 109, nays 84; as follow; r - -
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, AJIen, Alston, Andean* Aji* -
drews, Ashe, Averett, Baker, Bay, Bayly, Bdale, Bokee," ■
Booth, Bowdon, Buwhn, Bo>d, Albert G. Brown, Wtlli&hf"''
J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, J.iseph P Caldwell, Cling-
man, Colcock, Darnel, Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Durkee,
Edmundson, Ewing, Fitch, Gentry, Gerry, Gorrrjan, Green,
Halt, Hammond, lfarlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Billiard,
Holl.uiay, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Jo*epn
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
La Sere, T,effler, Job Mann, Mason, McClornami, McDon-
ald, McDowell, McGaughey, McLanahan, Finis E.M< Lfcap, .
McMullen, McQueen, Me Willie, Meade, Miller, Millson* --
Morehead, Morris, Morse, Oids, Orr, Pcaslee, Pecfe, Phelps,
Pitman, R chard«on, Itobbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage,
Savage, Schoolcraft, Seddon, P. P. Stanton, Richard
Siamon, A. H. Stephens, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Underbill,Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,Wat-kirts,
Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wjldrick, Williams*
W'ihnor, Wood, Woodward, and Young—J09.
NAYd—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Bingham. Breck,
Briff«s, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler; GeOrge !
A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, I handier,.William* _
son It. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Conrad, CrowelJ* 1
berry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Naihan.,
Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goit, Gou'd, Grinnell, HaHoway,
Hampton, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, James L.
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
Jnnies G Kinir, John A. King, Preston King, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, Marshal), Matteson, McKissock, Meacham,
Moore, Nelson, Newell, Oule, Otis, Outlaw, Potter, Powell} '
Puttnan, Reed.'Reynolds?, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Ruinsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Scbermerhorn,Shepperd, Silvester, Spaul-
dm«, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens,Sweetser,Taylor,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck,
Van Dyke, Vinton, White, and Winthrop—84.
So, the resoluiion was agreed to, and it was
Resolved, That a vacancy exists in the representation in.
this House from the first congressional district of the State
of Iowa, and that the Speaker be requested to notify the
Governor of said State thereof.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote on
the adoption of the resolution, and to lay that mo* .
tion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF THE CONTEST AND PAY OF
THE CONTESTANT. t
Mr. YAN DYKE asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
It was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House ascertain, as aoon
as possible, the lesial costs and charges growing out of the
contested election from the State ot Iowa, and that he pay
the same out ot" the contingent fund of this House; and,
further, that D.uuel F. Miller, the contestant m said elec-
tion contest, be paid his mileage and per diem allowance
from the commencement of the present session to the 29th
instant.
Mr. JONES objected to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. CARTTER moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot bere*
ceived if objection is made. '
JMr. JONES. I object.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, moved that the
House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. BURT rose and said he would be very
much indebted to the gentleman who had moved
to adjourn, if he would withdraw the motion. It
was known to the House that he (Mr. B.) had ,
been urging with great importunity the passage
of ajoint resolution which must be passed to-day.
Objections were made to debate.
Mr. HARRIS withdrew the motion.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the further consideration of
the California bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the special order.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I move, then, to post-
pone the consideration of the special order for two
weeks. ' .
Mr. RICHARDSON rose to a question;, of
order. He believed
committee on the
ruse tu « u«TOtwi.v 
ilieved that the report of the select
the Galphia claim waa the apecia!
