1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
partment, in compliance with the fifth section of the
act of March 3d, 1809, accompanied by a statement
prepared by the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
exhibiting the expenditures during the year ending
the 31st December, 1849, out of the fund for the
contingent expenses of the military establishment;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
III. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, communicating a report from the Colo-
nel of Topographical Engineers, in answer to a
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
8th of August, 1848, of an examination made of
that part of the Potomac river between the Long
Bridge and Georgetown, to ascertain the cause of
the formation of the flats; also a statement of the
cost of repairing the Long Bridge, of constructing
abridge across the aqueduct at Georgetown, and
of the expense of substituting a steam ferryboat
for the Long Bridge.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, the
communication was leferred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
IV. Also, a communication from the Wavy De-
partment, made agreeably to the eighth section of
the act making appropriation for the naval service
for the year ending the 30ih of June, 1849; a state-
ment of the punishments in the Navy,sofaras
received since the date of the last report to Con-
giess on this subject.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
- V. Also, a communication from the Navy De-
partment, transmitting a report from the Fourth
Auditor, prepared in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the House of 14th June, 1848, of the allow-
ance of the several officers of the Navy and Marine
Corps for the fiscal year 1849; which was ordered,
to lie on the table and be printed.
VI. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the
20th section of the act of August, 1842, a state-
ment of the expenditures from the appropriation
for the contingent expenses of the various offices
and bureaus in said Department for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1849; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
VII. Also, a communication from the War
Department, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
31st of July, 1848, the report by the Adjutant
General of a list f>f the military officers employed
in the late war with Mexico. Ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
VIII. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the
second section of the act of May 1st, 1820, a state-
ment prepared by the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury, of the appropriations and expenses for
the service of tlie War Department for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1849; which statement
does not include the expenses for the Indian ser-
vice and for pensions, which were transferred to
the Department of the Interior on the 3d of March
l&st
On motion by Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, ordered
to be printed and referred to the Committee on
Expenditures m the War Department.
IX. Also, the annual report of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
X. Also, a communication from the Treasury
Department, transmitting a statement prepared by
the Second Auditor, in compliance with the joint
resolution of the 7th August, 1848, of the claims
of the Cherokee nation, according to the princi-
ples established by the treaty of 1846, between the
United States and the said Indians. ,
XL Also, a communication from the Patent
Office, transmitting a statement of patents granted,
&c., and informing the House that the report of
agricultural statistics cannot be furnished for some
t"on motion by Mr. BROOKS, the question of
printing the usual extra quantity was referred to
the Committee on Printing. T
XII. Also, a communication from the .treasu-
ry Department, transmitting, in compliance with
the 11th section of the act of 1842, a list of the
names of the clerks and other persons employed in
said Department during the last year, and the
sums of money paid to each.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the report be prmteti,
aVid referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the motion
to refer, by adding thereto the following instruc-
tions, viz:
And that the commutes be instructed to inquire into tbe
propriety and necessity of authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to employ additional temporary clerks, to assist
tile Third Auditor in the speedy settlement of accounts
and claims against the Government, arising out of the war
with Mexico.
Mr. BAYLY remarked, that the subject was al-
ready before the committee/in a communication
from the JThird Auditor.
Mr. HARALSON said, that his reason for sub-
mitting the instructions was, that there were claims
which had been filed in that bureau for more than
twelve months; and that unless additional clerks
were granted, they would remain there for twelve
months longer.
Mr. THOMPSON desired to know how it hap-
pened that there was so much more additional
work thrown into that Department lately. The
Third Auditor's office, during the term of Mr.
Hagner, was said to be the most prompt office
under the Government.
Mr. HARALSON replied, that there had been
considerable accumulation of business in that office
for the last several years; and that there were now
not less than 15,000 to 18,000 claims for horses lost
in the Mexican war, adjusted there. He ex-
pressed the wish that the instructions would be
Some further discussion took place (in which
Messrs. THOMPSON of Mississippi, HARAL-
SON, VINTON, and EVANS of Maryland, par-
ticipated) in regard to the necessity of the addi-
tional clerical force asked, when
Mr. BAYLY reiterated that the matter was be-
fore the committee, arid that they would report at
the earliest day practicable, without the instruc-
tions.
The question was put, and the instructions were
adopted; and the motion to refer,as amended, was
agreed to.
CHAPLAINS.
The joint resolution from the Senate, providing
for the election of two Chaplains, of different de-
nominations, one for each House, coming up on
its first and second reading—
Mr. VAN DYKE moved the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
(on concurring in the resolution) was ordered to be
now taken.
Mr. WOOD asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And then the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. VAN DYKE inquired if it was in order
to move that the House do now proceed to the
election of Chaplain ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is m
order. , . , ,
Mr. VAN DYKE. I make the motion, and de-
mand the previous question.
THE CUMBERLAND DAM.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, urgently appealed
to the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van
Dyke] to waive his motion for a few moments to
allow a bill—the only one now remaining on the
Speaker's table—to be disposed-of. (It was the
bill relating to the Cumberland dam.)
Mr VAN DYKE said, if the bill could be taken
up and disposed of, without crowding out the
question before the House, he would do so
This, he thought, could not be done. He could
not, therefore, consent.
So the motion was not waived.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. McLANE moved that the motion of the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van Dyke] be
laid upon the table.
Mr VAN DYKE asked the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said he thought the motion to
lay on the table was not in order. 1 he Chair
also intimated that the demand made by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van Dyke] for the
previous question was not necessary, oefause Uie
motion to go into the election was not debatable.
Mr. McLANE moved to amend the motion, uy
substituting twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS was understood to suggest that
the election should take the same course as had
been ordered in relation to the election of Door-
keeper and Postmaster.
Mr. CARTER moved to amend the motion of
Mr. Van Dyke, by including a Doorkeeper and
Postmaster.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Chair whether it
was in order to move to postpone the election of
Chaplain to the 1st of March, 185]—tile time to
which the election of.Doorkeeper and Postmaster
had been postponed ?
The SPEAKER. The motion made is, that
the House now proceed to the election of Chaplain.
Mr. JONES said he would move to postpone
that election until the 1st of March, 1851.'
The SPEAKER. The House has not yet de-
termined to proceed to the election. If the motion
of the gentleman from New Jersey be rejected, it
will then be in order for the gentleman from
Tennessee to make his motion.
Mr. CARTER. Do I understand that the
amendment which I proposed is out of order?
The SPEAKER. What amendment does the
gentleman propose 
Mr. CARTER. That the House also proceed
to the election of Doorkeeper and Postmaster.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
ruled that it would not be in order to proceed to
the election of Doorkeeper and Postmaster, the
House having postponed that order until 1st
March, 1851.
Mr. CARTER.- Why, then, i respectfully ap-
peal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Van Dyke] has moved to proceed to
the election of Chaplain. The gentleman from
Ohio moves to amend the motion by adding, the
election of Doorkeeper and Postmaster. The
Chair rules that amendment out of order. Prom
| that decision (he gentleman from Ohio appeals.
I Mr. CARTER. And calls for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CARTER called for tellers.
The House refused to order tellers.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
standas the judgment of the House?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision was affirmed, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Carter was ruled oat of order.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Van Dyke to proceed to the election of Chap-
^Mr. JONES rose and said he.believed it was
always in order to rise to a question of order. He
now rose to a question of that kind, and he called
upon the Speaker and upon the House to enforce
the 17th rule, which was as follows:
" No person, except members of the senate, their Seere-
tarv Head* of Departments, Treasurer, Comptroller!,, Itegis-
ter Auditors, President's Seci clary, CSi.ipl.uns to congress,
Judgi's Of the (Jnited States Foreign Ministers and their
Secretaries. Officers who by name Have received, or shall
hereafter receive, the thanks of Congress for ilieir gallantry
and good conduct displayed in the service of their enuiitiv,
the Commissioners of the Navy Boa,d, Governor tor Hie
time being of any Stale or Territory in the Union, such gt n-
tlemen as have been Heads of Depaitments, or members of
cither branch of the National Legislature, and, at the dis-
cretion of the Speaker, persons who belong to such Leg'*-
1-itiirM of Foreign Governments as are in amity witU the
a,,ited States^ shall be admmed within the Hall of the
House of Representatives."
He (Mr. J.) asked for the enforcement of that
rule not to have any effect upon this particular
occasion This was not his real object, but it was
to see whether the Speaker recognized a certain
gentleman as an officer of this House, who had
never been elected to that office, and whether the
members of this House would directly vote to con-
tinue that gentleman in the position which he now
occupied. And he also desired to know whether
the rule had ever been complied with, which re-
quired the Doorkeeper of this House to be '^rj.
If the members of this House-a majority of them
—would say by their votea that a particulai inch
vidua) was the Doorkeeper of this House
Mr VAN DYKE called the gentleman tooidei.
Mr. JONES. I am upon a question of older
m3MrfVAN DYKE. There is nothing in the
gentleman's question of order that has relation to
the auestion before the House.
Mr. JONES. You cannot pile up questions of
0rThetSPEllCER. The.gentleman from Ten-
nessee will stale his point of order.
Mr. JONES. That is my point of order which
I have now been stating.
