2-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Must not the point of order
relate to the matter before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see rises to a point of order, which, if sustained by
the Chair, would be in order at any time, viz: the
expulsion of an individual who, the gentleman
claims, is not entitled to come upon the floor. The
Chair understands the gentleman's point of order
to be this—that Mr. Horner, the Doorkeeper of
the last House of Representatives, who has been
discharging the duties of Doorkeeper during the
presen-t Congress, is not entitled to be here dis-
charging those duties, but is an intruder within
the Hall of the House of Representatives, and calls
upon the Speaker to exclude him from the Hall.
Mr. JONES. Exactly; 1 make this motion to
require the rule to be enforced, not from any dis-
respect to Mr. Horner, but that this House may
decide what they consider his position here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the point
of order in conformity with the views several times
expressed by him upon the same question—that
under resolutions passed, not by this Congress,
but by previous Congresses, in accordance with
the Uftiftnm practice of this House, so far as he
has been able to examine it, from the commence-
ment of this Government until the present time,
the Doorkeeper, like the other officers of the
House, continues to discharge the duties of his
office until his successor is elected; that this has
been done, as the Chair understands, by the suf-
ferance of the House; and until the House eithir
elects another officer to supply his place, or de-
clares that this individual shall no longer discharge
the duties of the office, the Chair will recognize
him as discharging the duties of Doorkeeper by
the sufferance of the House.
Mr. JONES. From that decision, with all due
deference to the Speaker's opinion, 1 appeal; and"
I would state, if I understand the Speaker aright,
that he does not decide that Mr. Horner is the
Doorkeeper of this House, that he has ever taken
the oarh prescribed by our rules, or that the House
has ever indicated by any direct action that he is
their officer; but that because it had been custom-
ary—because it has been the precedent in former
Houses of Representatives to acknowledge or to
permit the officers of the previous Houses to dis-
charge the duties of their offices until the House
elect their successors, Mr. Horner continues here.
Sir, what is the effect of this doctrine ? it is, if a
majority of the members here think pioper 
Mr. CALVIN rose and called the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Calvin.) The gen-
tleman from Tennessee has laised a point of order,
and taken an appeal from the decision of the
Chair; thataopeal is debatable.
Mr. JONES (continuing) said, that if the prin-
ciple laid down by the Speaker were carried out
in practice, a majority of the members of the
House, if they saw fit, could continueMr. Horner
in office, without reelection, during his life. They
would thus constitute him a life officer, contrary
to the genius and spirit of the institutions under
which we live. It would be better for them to
come out boldly and do as the Senate had done—
set-at defiance all law, and subvert the fundamental
doctrine of our republican institutions, and de-
clare that their officers should continue for life.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. JONES withdrew the appeal for the pres-
ent, he said.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is withdrawn,
and the decision of the Chair stands overruling
the point of order. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from New Jersey to pro-
ceed to the election of Chaplain, in conformity
with the resolution jnst adopted.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that the House
would proceed to the election of Chaplain, and the
nominations were now in order.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, inquired if it
would now be in order to move to postpone the
election ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be in order.
M r. BROWN. I move to postpone the election
until Saturday next at 12 o'clock.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the motion so as
to postpone the election until the 1st of March,
1851.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to
move to amend a motion to postpone to a day cer-
tain.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Brown, and decided in the negative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to postpone
the election until the 1st March, 1851.
The SPEAKER said that, under the rules of the
House, the motion could not now be in order—no
action having intervened since the rejection of the
previous motion to postpone.
Mr. HARRIS moved to adjourn.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS now renewed his motion to post-
| pone the election of Chaplain until the first Mon-
day in March, 1851, and on that motion he asked
the yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLEN inquired if it would be in
order to move to lay the election of Chaplain upon
the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, it be-
ing the execution of an order of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired if the old
Chaplain would continue in office in case his suc-
cessor were not elected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. GENTRY rose and said he had received
the petition of 250 or 300 respectable citizens of
the district which he represented upon the subject
of the election of chaplains, which he desired to
present to the House. If the House would grant
him their indulgence, he would briefly state the
character of this petition.
Objections were made.
So the petition was not received.
The question recurred upon the deman'd for the
yeas and nays upon the motion of Mr. Harris.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARRIS asked for tellers.
Tellers were also refused.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to postpone the election until the first Monday of
March, 1851, and decided m the negative.
The SPEAKER again announced that nomina-
tions for Chaplain were in order.
Mr. PARKER moved that the election be post-
poned until Saturday week.
The SPEAKER said that the House having just
acted upon the motion to postpone, the motion of
the gentleman was not now in order.
Mr. CARTER moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GREEN inquired if they had been informed
to what denomination the Chaplain who had been
elected by the Senate belonged.
The SPEAKER replied by reference to the mes-
sage received from the Senate, notifying the House
of the election of the Rev. Dr. Butler, of the Epis-
copal Church.
Nominations were then made by the following
gentlemen :
By Mr. Crowell—L. F. Morgan, Methodist
Episcopal.
By i\ir. Venaule—Robert W. Cushman, Bap-
tist.
By Mr. Newell—Levi S. Beebe, Presbyterian.
By Mr. Wilson—Ralph R. Gurley, Presbyte-
rian.
By Mr. R. H. Stanton—Levi R. Reese, Meth-
odist Episcopal.
By Mr. Moore—H. S.Porter, Central Presby-
terian.
By Mr. Hibbard—Orville Dewey, Unitarian.
By Mr. McClernand—William T. Boyakin,
Baptist.
By Mr. R. W. Johnson—Henry Slicer, Meth-
odist Episcopal.
By Mr. Potter—J. B. Donelan, Roman Cath-
olic.
By Mr. T. L. Harris—Wm. Crew, Baptist.
Mr. HARRIS inquired of the Chair whether it ■
would be in order to nominate a gentleman of the j
same denomination as the Chaplain elected by the j
Senate? j
The CHAIR was understood to say that it was \
not for him to rule what the persuasion of the
nominee should be.
By Mr. F. P, Stanton—C. C. Conner, Bap-
tist.
By Mr. CJnperhill—Henry Neal, Congrega-
tionalism
By Mr. Houston—John Brooks, Society of
Friends.
By Mr. McLanahan—Geo. H. Coffee, Metho-
dist Episcopal.
Mr. HOAGLAND moved that the Ho'use do
now adjourn.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, .that in order to give the 1
committees time to work, he would move that
when the House adjourned, it would adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Hoagland, was taken and decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the House adjourned to Monday next, at 12
o'clock.  
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. SACKETT: The petition of Edward S. Latham
and 140 other citizens of Seneca county, New Yoi k, tor the
repeal of toe law extending to the heirs ot William Wood-
woitli the n«hts secured to him in 1&28, by patent under the
patent laws, tor a planing machine. Retened to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Also, the petition of Seih Cole and 130 other citizens of
Wayne comity, New Yoik, a<kmg that the public lands
may be sold in small parcels to actual settlers!, lot a nominal
price. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the pennon of William G.ulock, for a pension. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claim*.
AUo, the petition of Samuel Lyman find c4 other citizens
of Wayne county, New Yoik, lor the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; and making charges against cer-
tain officers;, and that certain men are imprisoned contrary
to law; and asking that the law and pi actice m relation to
passport^ be so amended as to abolish nil distinction of
color. Referred to the Commiitte lor the Diatnct of Co-
lumbia.
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of Dr. N. G. Sayles,
and 7-i other citizens of Iuwa, pra\ mg the establishment of
a mail route from Bloomingion, in Iowa, via Tipton, ttome,
Anainosa, James Peak's, Delhi, Edds Giove, Ganmlle, to
Prairie Du Chien, Wisconsin.
AUo, the petition ot Dr. N. G. Sayles, and 65 other citi-
zens of Iowa, praying the passage of a law for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Bellevae via Andrew, Can-
ton, Scotch Grove, Edinburgh, and Anamosa, to Independ-
ence, in the State of Iowa.
By Mr. BUEL: The memorial of the city of Monroe, for
an increase of appropriation for the Monroe harbor;
Also, the memorial ot the city til Monroe, for a reimburse-
ment of moneys expended thereupon the public works;
which were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. VINTON : The petition of sundry inhabitants of
Athens county, Ohio,praying tor the establishmentof a post
road fiom Coolvillu to Albany, m said*countv. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Otiice and Post Roads.
By Mr. REED : The petition of H. Baird, administrator
of Dr. Absalom Baird. Reieued to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims. •
By Mr. WOOD: The petition of Samuel H. Bell and 55
other*, citizens of Wood county, Ohio, praying thatceitain
wet and worthless lands in said county, belonging to the
General Government, be granted for the purpose ot making
roads through said lands. Referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
By Mr. JACKSON: The memorial of sundry citizens of
Enfield, Tompkins county, New Yoik, remonstrating against
the appropriation of our national fiends for the suppo* t of a
chaplain lor the Hoine of Representatives. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mi. WHITTLESEY: The petition of Samuel Ham-
montree and others, prajing for alterations of the pension
laws. Referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petitions ot James A. Adair, R J. Allmond, and
other?, praying for the establishment of a post route from
Sharp's Fork postofhee. in Athens county, to MeConnells-
ville, Morgan county, Ohio. Refeired to the Committee on
the Po*t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SILVESTER: Three petitions from Ashland,
Greene county, New York, piaying for a reduction of
postage. .
Bv Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Thomas
Mcduauie, Samuel Cooper, Rooert IVlornson, and 44 others,
citizens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, stating
they were all soldiers in the late war with Great Britain^
and praying Congress for the enactment ot a law for their
relief.
Bv Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memoiial of
WiIImhi II. Paddock, ot New York, praying the anj of Con-
gre .« in the establishment of an Agricultural Institution at
Washington cicy.
IN SENATE.
Thdrsday, January 24, 1850.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the
legal representative of John Bell, asking indemni-
ty for spoliations prior to 1800 ; which was re-
ferred to the select committee.
Mr. HAMLIN presented additional documents
in the case ofRufus Dwinnell; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roada.
