THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
• 31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1850.
New Series.... No. 15.
Mr. BRADBURY presented five petitions from
citizens of Maine, praying that corporal punish-
ment may be abolished in the Navy of the United
States.
Also, from citizens of the same, asking that the
spiiit ration may be abolished in the Navy; all of
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MORTON submitted documents relating
to the claim of the administrator of Darius Garra-
son, for compensation for furnishing supplies to
the army during Hie Florida war; which were re-
ferred to the ComrmUee of Claims.
Also the memoiiMof the heirs of Woodbury S.
Nichols, asking indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800 ; which was refened to the select
committee.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of the
Board of Trustees of the Protestant University of
the Unued States in Ohio, asking a grant of public
land ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to present a petition trans- ;
mitted to me by the widow of a revolutionary offi- |
cer, Mrs. Merebah Chandler, of New York. She
states that herdestitute condition, her poverty, and j
want, call for the means of subsistence. She also ,
states that he-r late husband,a revolutionary soldier, i
being entitled to a pension by the act of 1818, did
not receive thai, pension, because his pride re-
strained him from taking the oath required by that
act. But he is dead, and his widow is left with
two daughters; and she now prays that the arrears
of the pension due to her husband according to
the provisions of that act,which his pride restrained
him from obtaining, because of the oath which
was required, may now be paid her. I move that
the reading be dispensed with, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. It states that her husband served six
years as a soldier and petty officer in the war of
the Revolution, and was honorably discharged by
General Washington; that he received little or no
pay for his services, save the satisfaction of hav-
ing served his country faithfully; that he never
held office, and received no pension under the act
of 1818, because unwilling to swear himself a pau-
per, nor until the change of the law m 1826, from
which time he drew a pension until his death, in
1836, ten years after. She says she is so infirm as
to be unable to walk; that she is dependant on
her pension of $80 a year as a revolutionary sol-
dier's widow; that her daughters, both widows
like herself, are destitute of property, and that her
pension is utterly inadequate to provide her with
the barest necessaries of life. She asks Congress
to grant her the eight years' pension payable to
her husband under the act of 1818, which he failed
to receive through his irresistible repugnance to
swearing himself a beggar.
Mr CLAY. I have also a petition from an old
soldier—not very old either, but one that served
m the Mexican war, and I believe for four or five
years in the United States army. When the man
called upon me to present his petition, I was really
very much affected by his apparent sincerity, and
the truthfulness of his narrative. He claims only
the small sum of twenty dollars from the Govern-
ment, which he considers due in honesty and fair-
ness, but which, for want of the strict legal proois
required, the accounting officers in the treasury
Department have not felt authorized to ®"ow- :
Congress, not being restricted by those rules of |
evidence required by the officers, may, if the evi-
dence be satisfactory, allow the claim; and 1 hope
it will be allowed. I believe no one can read his
narrative without being satisfied that he tells tne
truth and nothing but the truth. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The memorial was referred to the Committee of
Claims. The petitioner, John MeAvoy, sets forth
that he was compelled to pay twenty dollars to
Captain frord, master of a vessel chartered, as he
believed, to carry sick and wounded soldiers to
New Orleans; that <he payment has been proved
by his affidavits filed in ^
office; that liis case was rejected on the 17th May,
1849, on account of General Worth's order not
being produced, and which cannot now be done,
and because his wife was not mentioned in the
quartermaster's affidavit, though she was one o'f
I the thirteen women allowed each company; and
j he appeals to Congress, hoping, in consequence
1 of his services, (having been at the battle of Oke-
i chubbe under Colonel Taylor, and having been
' honorably discharged from two enlistments, as
appears in the records of the War Department,) a
deaf ear will not be turned to a poor old soldier
whose prime of life has been spent in fighting the
battles of his country.
PURCHASE OF MOUNT VERNON.
Mr. CLAY. I have another petition which I
have been requested to present; and really, sir, I
have been very much struck with what seemed to
be a most remarkable coincidence. Yesterday 1
submitted a resolution, which I hope the Senate
will peimit to be taken up and passed, relating to
the puichase of the manuscript copy of the Farewell
Address of the Father of his Country. I had
scarcely presented that resolution when I was re-
quested to go to the door, where I met a stranger,
who bore a petition from Pennsylvania, numerous-
ly signed, requesting Congress to purchase Mount
Vernon. The petitioner state that, in their opin-
ion, that property should be national; that it is less
accessible in the hands of private individuals than
it should be; but that if it belonged to the Repub-
lic all could repair to it as to a political Mecca of
their country. I do not know that this object can
be accomplished. It is a subject that has often been
| discussed, both by the public press and in public
and private circles of the country, and the whole
difficulty has been as to the use to which the coun-
try would apply it, if it purchased Mount Vernon.
Some apprehensions have been entertained as to
the salubrity of its situation. I t is believed by some
On motion by Mr. KING,
Ordered, That the petition of George S. Gaines, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN,
Ordered, That tlie petition of Ann Dodd, on the fifes of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOTJLE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of P.
Pavenstedt and Schumacker, reported a bill for
their relief.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Bangor, Maine, reported a bill making an
appropriation for a custom-house at Bangor, in
the State of Maine.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred sundry memorials
relating to the patent of Thomas Blanchard, re-
ported^ bill givinar further remedies to patentees.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which were referred the pa-
pers relating to the claim of Charles Gunter, re-
ported a bill to relinquish the reversionary interest
of the United Slates to a certain reservation m the
State of Alabama, and to confirm the title of C. Gr.
Gunter thereto, accompanied by a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Ordered, That the bill be engrossed anil road a third time.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which were referred the doc-
uments relatmg'to the claim of William Vawters,
repoited the following resolution, which, was con-
sidered and agreed to:
Resolrcd, That the claim of the legal representatives of
Willi.im Vawters, being,a  appears, tor half pav, and there
Im-iiu* law for the settlement of such claims, the memorial
and accompuujins documents be referred to the Secretary
ot the Interior tin settlement.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
i lie aaiuui uy ui shuuhuh. - j  (  ,
that if it be not unhealthy, it might be made use i! diciary, to which was referred the bill to regulate
' '   appeals trom the trial of issues in the District of
Columbia, leported back the same with an amend-
the Second Auditor's
of as a situation for a marine hospital, accompa-
nied with botanic gardens; but whether these ob-
jects can be or cannot be accomplished, I am not
prepared to say. All I ask at present is, that the
petition be received and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, which I think will be
perhaps the most proper one.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Ed.
Hill and others, asking indemnity for spoliations
prior to^ 1800; which was refe'rred. to the select
committee.
Mr. MANGUM submitted documents in rela-
tion to the claim of the heirs of William Wood-
worth to the renewal of his patent right; which
were referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resoleed, That, in the opinion of the Senate, the Secretary
of Stale may and ought to audit the claims ot John Ho^an,
f0l his services antf losses heretofore incurred, as a confi-
dential aef-nt of the United States in St. Domingo, and pay
the balance which shall be lound due, upon pwnciples ot
equity and justice, out of the contingent fund for foreign
intercom se.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion: j
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be instructed |
to inquire and repoit concerning the j ropri(-tv ol giving to t
Capuun David Cook, of the Bnti-h barque Sar«ui, some suit- I
able token of the approbation of Congress of his gahant and j
humane conduct in rescuing the passengers, othcers, and I
crew of the Amencan ship C.del> Grimshaw, destroyed by j
fiie on the Atlantic Ocean, and bringing them in safety to the i
port of New York.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN FROM FILES,
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the memorial of Ehsha Munroo, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
S1°Aiso, that the petition of the Trede^rvr Iron Company, on
the flip* of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BLiADBURY,
Ordered, That the petition of Peter Greer, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to she Committee an Pensions.
"*ent.
Mr. DOWNS. I have an amendment to offer
from a minority of the committee, which I wish
to present now, that it may be printed for the use
of the Senate. It is as follows:
6. Jindbeit further enacted, That the benefit of this
act be and the same hereby is extended to all cases in wfucji
bills of exception may have been, or hereafter may be filed,
in which the verdict on the trial on an issue irom the or-
phans' court has been, or may be certified by order of said
circuit court, or one of the judges thereof: Provided, how-
ever, That the v. rit ol error thereon shall lie sued out willun
five vears fiom the certificate of said verdict.
" Sec 7. Jtnd he it further enacted, That, in case the bu-
premc Court of the United States .hall, under the provisions
of this act, reverse the lutings of said circuit court, and
award a new trial of an issue heretofore certified upon ver-
dict, it shall ami may be lawful for the orphans' eouit, at
any time herea'ter, upon receiving a full transenpt ot tne
whole proceeding in said eneuit court, touching s,nd i ue,
and foi the purpose Oi giving effect to any subsequent ver-
dict which may be ccrtined to said orphans court, to unite
out any ludgnu nt or order heretofore passed in saut court,
and to make all necessary and propet entries to reinstate
the proceedings m said orphans' eouit, upon such notu e to
the panics, and m --ur-h manner as may seem fight «inu
i)ronei to said orphans' court.
4{ ?>kc. 8. vffn'/ be it. further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful toi tin; Supreme Court, upon motion made, to reinstate
on its docket any case coming within the provu ceth
act which mav hei etofoie have been dismissed tor want of
"ri\Siction only. Provided, The court shall think the same
right and propei."
The motion to print was agreed to. .
Mr. BUTLER also, from the same commiOee,
to which had been referred the memorial of Wil-
liam E. Aisquith, asked to be discharged from
the farther consideration of the same.
This memorial, said the honorable gentleman,
|| IS UICIUVMIW)   T J * ..v,
was sent to the Committee on the Judiciary, un-
der an allegation that it involved a ">n of
law which the committee should decide. 1 he
care and they find no question of law involved in
the ease, and therefore they ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the rr.emoiml.
I mav here observe that it is perhaps due to this
gentleman that I should say a word in reference to
fhis memorial. It appears that he was tried and
