1850;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"The jurisdiction of Texas," under the eye of
the General, extended to the Rio Grande, but, un-
der the eye of the Executive, Texas has no rights
upon that river. This, sir, is the persecution
meted out to us, arising from these prejudices, and
which now seeks to inflict upon us the humiliating
blow of an infringement upon our State sover-
eignty.
But, sir, this is not all. There was another
most extraordinary letter, written from Monterey
on the 10th June, 1847, from which i will read an
extract: *
I have ordered the muster of the company of
mounted Tevas volunteers alluded to m my letter of June'
8th. It is enrol ed lor the war, and commanded by H. W.
Btylor. Major MeCuMough'scompanv has been discharged,
and we have now five companies of Texas horse, tue exact
number laid down hi your memorandum of April 26th.
kt I regret to report that many of the twelve-months' vol-
unteer?^ on their route hence, on the lowei Rio Grande,
have committed extensive depredations arid oulta^es upon
the peaceful inhabitants. There is scarcely a form of crime
that has not been reported to me as committed by them;
but they have pissed beyond my reach, and even-if they
were her'-* it would be found next to impossible to detect the
individuals who thus disgrace their colors and their country.
Were it possible to rouse the Mexican people to re-M-tance,
no more effe tual plan could bo d- vi<«d than the very one
^pursued by some of our volunteer regiments now about to
be dt>chanje<l.
"The volunteers for the war, so far, give an earnest of
better conduct, ui'k the exception of ike companies of Texas
horse. Of the infantry, I have had little or no complaint;
but the mounted men from 7*exa$ have scarcely made an expe-
dition without unwarrantably killing a Mexican!"
What an atrocity, sir!—killing a Mexican upon
an expedition! Kill a Mexican! Monstrous m
the face of day ! Kill a Mexican! Why, sir, we
hear of no such complaints when battalions fell at
Monterey—I will not say how disposed of. We
hear no such sympathetic complaints then. But
killing one Mexican ! Oh, what a deed! Well, I
grant you that, wherever there are instances of
criminal injustice and outrage being inflicted by the
military, its authors deserve severe punishment;
but a spirit of justice would suggest a couYse of
propriety in this respect which would punish the
real offender, and have a moral influence on all
around him. This is not done where whole corps
are hus stigmatized and denounced.
"1 have, in consequence, ordered Major Chevallie's
command to Salullo, where it can do I est. mis-chief than
here, and where us services, moreover, are wanted."
" Where their services are wanted"—for what?
To " do mischief'—that is, to kill more than " one
Mexican,'' I suppose. Is it not strange that he
should send these men, whom he is unable to re-
strain and control in the face of a large army, to a
placc where there was none to control them and
restrain them from outrage on the Mexicans.
Were " their services" wanted there for outrage
and depredation? or were they sent there with a
view of ascertaining whether new temptations
would inspire them with a stronger sense of duty?
"The constant recurrence of such atrocities, which I
have been reluctant to report to the department, is my mo-
tive for requesting that no more troops may be sent to Una
column from the State of Texas."
" No more troops from the State of Texas."
They had been an incumbrance to him,one would
suppose. Yet one of them—the gallant and la-
mented Walker—was mainly instrumental in
saving the army from disaster at Palo Alto. And
McCullough—who, in the General's report of the
battle, of Buena Vista, was only mentioned as
having done very well—wos designated as one of
the spies sent on to Encarnacion, arid was also a
Texan. Instead of saying in that report that Mc-
Cuilough gave htm information at Encarnacion
which saved the army, he merely remarks that he
was of great service on that occasion—or gave him
information which was of great service. Yes, sir,.
it- was McCullough who reconnoitered the enemy's
camp, and possessed himself of the first informa-
tion of the advance of Santa Anna, and thus in
time enabled our troops to fall back from Agua
Nueva to Buena Vista, where the gallant defence
was made.
Well, sir, does not all this look like a strong
prejudice against the Texans? Would it not,
from the evidence I have produced, seem most un-
avoidably to be deduced that this prejudice exist-
ed even before he had any experience as to the
character ot her soldiery, and that it only increased
with the services rendered by them to the Govern-
ment and to the army ? And, sir, are we now to
have visited upon us further consequences result-
ing from that prejudice? Is the State of Texas,
as a sovereignty to succomb to the degradation of
an infringement on her-rights,, on the subversion
of her authority, and the infraction of her territo-
rial limits ? And is it expected that we are to sub-
mit calmly to the infliction of such gross and
unjustifiable wrong? Mr, President, there is a
principle involved in this matter which extends
far beyond the temporary inconvenience imposed
on Texas, or to the actual injustice'which may be
inflicted on her. It is a principle which lies at
the very foundation of our Government—the sub-
ordination of the military to the civil power—and
the subversion of which is the destruction of our
liberties. Is a mere military officer to be allowed
to interfere and prescribe to a sovereign State what
shall constitute her territorial limits and boundary?
In this case, the former President of the United
States, who established in time of war temporary
military governments, ordered the government of
the territory to be surrendered to Texas as soon
as peace terminated the war, or I have been mis-
informed; yet the present Executive has continued
the military government, and has not suirendered
the territory to Texas. Less than two years ago,
the military authority, Colonel Washington, ex-
pelled, or rather caused the ejection of the judicial
officers of Texas from the territory; and now,
when Colonel Neighbors had succeeded in reor-
ganizing the counties where no military authori-
ties were stationed, and went to  Santa Fe, what
was the consequence? There the military gov-
ernor avowed his resistance to the authority of
Texas, and caused that hasty and inconsiderate
action of the population which has resulted, in the
handing over of the territory to a mere- judge of
the Kearny code. And he, forsooth, has taken
all under his control, and now assumes to be the
sovereign over this wide domain of Texas ! S.r,
if the military authorities of the United States
have a right thus to conduct themselves in that,
territory—a territory within the limits of what we
have ever claimed, and which were recognized by
all nations previous to annexation—then they
have a right to occupy our capital, or to wrest
Galveston from our occupation. That territory
no more appertains to New Mexico than dues any
other spot within the limits of Texas. Yet Texas
has not been complaining, nor has she manifested
undue anxiety in demanding her rights from time
to time. Years have passed by since she had a
right to expect the settlement of her boundary.
The territory to which it extended has been ac-
quired by the United States Government; and in
good laith, if they had discharged their duties,
they ought to have settled the boundary with the
termination of the war, and said to Texas what
and where it was.
Does any one, for a moment, believe that if
Texas had been aware of this attempted curtail-
ment of her limits, she would ever have become
annexed to the Government of the United States?
No, sir, no one can believe it even for a moment.
Mexico would willingly have consented to recog-
nize her as a separate Power, provided Texas
would have consented to such a curtailment of her
boundary. And is it to be expected that Texas will
submit to'such a violation of her rights as is here
indicated ? I ask the Senate, as Americans and as
honorable men, if this weie a question between
the Government of the United States and Mexico
as to boundary, is it believed that the United
States would surrender one foot of this territory?
Mr. CLAY. Will my friend pardon me, as
the hour for the special order has arrived, for ask-
ing him to do us ihe favor to continue his eloquent
speech on Monday, if it will be agreeable to him?
Mr. HOUSTON. Anything that will advance
the public business I will yield to with pleasure;
it will be no deprivation to me at all.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) But it will be a great
deprivation to the Senate.
The resolution was accordingly laid on the ta-
ble.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the special order of the
day, being the bill to admit California as a State
into the Union, to establish territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the settlement of her western and
northern boundaries.
Mr. DAViS, of Massachusetts, resumed and
concluded the speech which he commenced yester-
day > of which a report will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. COOPER next addressed tKe- Senate, and
having spoken for an hour, he gave way for
tion to proceed to Executive business^ , -/ ,
The Senate then proceeded to the coi)si^eratioi%
of executive business, and after some time spent
therein, the doors,were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, July 1, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was jead.awl-flppr&ved*
There were a dozen competitors for fcfre ffoor.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. TOOMBS rose and moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of the special order of
the day, (being the report of the selept committee
in relation to the Galphin claun )
The SPEAKER. The report of the select com-
mittee on the Galphin case is the special order of
the day. But there is a motion pending (which
was submitted previous to the adjournment on Sat?
urday last) that the further consideration of'the
special order be postponed until to-morrow (Tues-
day) two weeks. That is the business first in, or*
der.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to amend the motion byr
inserting 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) There is. a*
motion to amend already pending. It |s t^e fnoj
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, {Mr,
Burt,] to strike outto-morrow tw.o weeks" and
insert " to-day."
Mr. BURT. The amendment was superseded
by the adjournment of  he House. I am not will-
ing that the mattershould be postponed any longer.
I withdraw the amendment; and I hope that the
House will proceed at once to the consideration of
the report of the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move to amend the
original motion, by striking out 14 to-morrow two
weeks" and inserting " to-morrow."
The SPEAKER. The question is on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. B<s.y-.
ly.]
Mr. BAYLY. I modify my amendment so as
to postpone the consideration of the. report until
this day, at twelve o'clock.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion tba£
the motion to postpone must be until another day,-
Mr. BAYLY. Then 1 fall back on my. originaj
motion, to amend the motion so as to ppsipone the
consideration of the report, until to-morrow.
Mr. McCLERN AND (to the Speaker.) is-jioi
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sweetser,]—i.e. the resolution offered two weeks
; ago, concerning the surplus fund—entitled to pti-
1 onty ? If so, I demand that it shall be disputed
! of. It stands in the way of reports of committees,
' and of the reference of bills on the Speaker's table,;
of which many have accumulated.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the special order will take precedence-over all otherr
business. If the special order should be postponed^*
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser] would have precedence. Having.been-
introduced under a suspension of the rules, it will
have to be disposed of. But the report of the se-
lect committee on the Galphin claim having been-
made the special order from day to day, it must be
first disposed of. it is moved by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Preston King,] that the
consideration of the report be postponed unul to-
morrow two weeks. And the gentleman from
i Virginia [Mr. Bayly) moves to amend that mo-
I tion by striking out " to-morrow two weeks" and
I inserting " to-morrow." The question is first on
the amendment.
Mr. BURT. I demand the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being,
taken, were—yeas 105, nays 78; as follow;
YEAS—-Messi-. Albeitson, Alexander, Alston,Anderson,
Ashe, Averett, Bajly, Beaie, B-eoek, Bowdoii, Bowlm,
B >j-d, Biooks, AlbeitG. Brown,Chester Butler,E.C Cabell
Geoigr A. Caldwell. Jo-eph P. Caldwell. Ca>e\\ ChaudlHr,
Clingirmn, W. R. W. UoOb, Conger, Conrad. "Daniel, De-
berry, Ditmnick, Disney, Duncan, Edmumi «<ii, Naihatt'
Evans, Feather-ton, G;,rry, G« inian, GimneN, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Hampton, Haral^m, L-iiani G. Iljifrify
Hay, Haymond, Hvury, Hiilinrd, Holladav, Holmes, Edw-
ard, Joseph IV. Jack-on, Jones, Kaufman, Jterr, P.
King, George G. King, James G. Kins:, John A> £/ & La
Sfcre beffler, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mac-hajJ,-. Mason,
McOlernand, McDowell, MpLanahan,Me(la«^,Mcft'jllie)
Meacham, Miller, Miilson, Morse, Morton, Olds, Oit, Otis*
