1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL -.GLOBE.
July 1,
Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell, Reynolds, Richard&on,
Risley, Robbing, Seddon, Shepperd, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, J. Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Toombs, Van Dyke, Venahle, Wallace, Watkins,
Wellborn, White, Wildiick, Williams, Wilson, and Win-
throp—105,
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Raker, Bokee, Booth, Breck,
Brisks, William J. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Thomas B.
Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Cartter, Cole, Corwln, Crow-
ell, Dixon* Doty, Durkee, Fifeh, Fowler, Frepdlev, Gid-
dinjjs, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Harlan, Sampson. W. Harrus,
Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge,
Andrew Johnson, Julian, Preston Kin?, Litth-field, Matte-
son, McGanghey, MeKissock, Moore, Morris, Nelson, New-
ell, Ogle, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Putnam,
Robm=on, Rockwell, Root, Ross, Rumsey, Sackeu, Saw-
telle, Schenek, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spauldinsr, Sprague,
Thaddeus Stevens, Steison, Strong, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, Tuck, Undcrhill, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth,
Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, and Woodward—78.
So the amend ment to the amendment was agreed
to.
[Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, when his name was
called, rose and'stated that he had paired off with
Mr." Hoagland, for the present week, except
upo.n some questions as to which a reservation Was
made.]
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
motion as amended. «
Mr POTTER. I move to lay the motion on
the table
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] that a mo-
tion to lay on the table a motion to postpone,
is not in order. And if a motion is made to lay
upon the table, and should prevail, it will carry
with it the whole subject—that is to say, the re-
port of the committee and the resolutions.
Mr. POTTER. Then I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table. My object is to bring up the
report of the committee on the Galphin case.
The SPEAKER. That object can be effected
by refusing to agree to the motion to postpone as
amended.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired, he said, to put
an inquiry to the Chair. If the House should
•vole down the motion to postpone, would theGal-
, phin claim come up?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business
before the House.
Mr. MeCLERNAND put an inquiry to the
Chair, which was scarcely heard by the reporter,
but the purport of which was understood to be,
whether if a motion was made to lay on the table,
it would not carry the whole subject with it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated, and
the motion to lay on the table has been withdrawn.
The question is on agreeing to the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Preston King,]
as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the yeas and nays on
that question.
Mr. GENTRY rose to inquire what would be
the effect of the motion to lay on the table, if it
should prevail.
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
pending. It has been withdrawn. The question is
on agreeing to the motion to postpone as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the demand for the !
yeas and nav-s. !
Mr. BURT. I renew it. j
Mr. ROBINSON inquired of the Speaker !
whether a motion to postpone the consideration of
the subject for four weeks would be in order?
The SPEAKER said, that motion would not be
in orcfer.
Mr. BAYLY. Monday is the only day on
which we can suspend the rules to make the ap-
propriation bills the special order.
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bayly,) Debate is
not in order.
Mr. GENTRY inquired what would be the ef-
fect of a motion to lay on the table? Would it
carry the whole report with it?
The SPEAKER. It would carry the whole
subject with it.
Mr. GENTRY. I move, then, to lay the mo-
tion to postpone on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. i demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TOOMBS. I demand the yeas and nays.
I hope the House are not going to pass by this
subject without consideration.
Mr, GENTRY. Such being the desire of my
friend fiom Georgia, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOTY renewed it.
Mr. WENTWORTH renewed the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired the
effect of the motion to lay on the table to be dis-
tinctly understood. It would be, he believed, to
carry the whole subject to the table.
The SPEAKER The Chair has so stated.
The SPEAKER announced the question on the
motion to lay on the table the motion to postpone,
and repeated that, in the opinion of the Chair, the
motion to lay on the table, if agreed to, would
carry tine whole subject with it.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 28, nays 107; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Bennett, Breck, Briggs,Crowell,Deberry,
Doty, Duncan, Freedley, Gentrv, Gunnell, Hampton, Ray-
mond, Hunter, Kerr, George G. King, John A. King, Horace
IVIarin, Mafteson, McGaugliey, Morehead, Ons, Rislev,
Rockwell, Rumsey, Sianly, Thaddeus Stevens, John B.
Thompson, and Wmthrop—28.
NAYS—Messrs. A.be.rtson, AU-xandfr, Allen, Alston,
Anderson, Andrews., Ashe, Averett, Baker, Bayly, Beale,
Bis-sell, Bocoek, Bokee, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Bur-
rows-, Burt, Che-iter Butler, Thomas E>. Butlei, Joseph Ca-
ble, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Claike, Clingman, W. K. W.
Cobb, Coif, Conner, Conrad, Corwm, Daniel, Dunmick^
Disney. Dixon, Dunham, Duikee, Edinundson, Nathan
Evans, FeatheMon, Fitch, Fowler, Geiry, Giddings, Gor-
man, Gutt, Gould, Hall, ILiiloway, Hamilton, Hammond,
Harahon, H:ijlan, l<ham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris
Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Hihbaid, Milliard,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, Howe. Hubbard, Inge,'Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Kobert
, W. Johnson, Jones-, Julian, kaufman, Daniel P. Kins,
I James G. Kins? Preston King, La r-ere, LefRer. Littlcfield,
! Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeClernarid, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McICiSf-ock, McLanahan, McQueen, McWiIhe,
Miller, Milton, Moore, Morris, Mor-e, Morton, Nelson,
JVV.well, O^le, Old-!, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Pea&lee, Peck,
Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Revnohh,
Richardson, Robhins, Robinson, Root, Ross, Sackeu, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Sehenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sed-
don, Shepperd, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton,
Kiohard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson,
Strong, Sweetser, Taj lor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Thur-
man, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth,
White, Whttlespy, Wildrick, Williams, Wilmot. Wilson,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—107.
So the House refused to lay the motion on the
table.
The question recurring on the amended motion
to postpone the further "consideration of the Gal-
phin claim till to-morrow,
t Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired if the yeas and
nays had not been ordered upon the adoption of
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER (upon reference to the Journal)
said, it was recorded that the yeas and nays had
been asked, but the motion to amend had followed,
and the yeas and nays had been ordered only on
the amendment.
The question was taken on the demand for the
yeas and nays, and they were not ordered.
The question was taken upon the adoption of the
resolution, and was decided in the negative, with-
out a division.
So the House refused to postpone the consider-
ation ofthe reportof theselect committee upon the
connection of the Secretary of War with the Gal-
phin claim.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
recurred upon the consideration of the said report,
and that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Burt] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURT rose and asked that the resolutions
reported by the select committee be read to the
House.
The resolutions reported by Mr. Burt, the chair-
man, were read as follow:
1st. Resolved, That the claim of the representatives of
George Galphin was not a just demand against the United
States.
2d. Resolved^ That tile act of Congress made it the duty
of the Secreuuy ot the Treasury to pay the principal of said ;
claim, arid it was therefore paid, "in conformity with law"
and kS pi credent."
3d. Resolved, That the act aforesaid did not authorize the
Secretaiy of the Trea-urv to pay interest on said claim, and f
its pa)ment was not ct in conformity with law" or " nrece- i
dent." J
Mr. BURT. It is not my purpose at this time
to enier into any enlarged discussion of the resolu-
tions which have been reported to the House by
the committee of which 1 have the honor to be a
member. I am content that the case should stand
upon the facts and the argument reported by that
committee. I am perfectly satisfied that they
should stand against the argument which has been
offered by the minority of the committee, and I
shall reserve any argument I may have to offer for
a reply to that which fyiay be made as additional
or supplemental to the(argumentsof the minority
of the committee. \
But my object^sir, iri* rising at this time, is to
remove certain erroneous impressions which have
gone to the public in reference to the report of that
committee. I have seen, with unfeigned regret,
that the correspondents of the press from this Hall,
have sent out not only erroneous, but absolutely
injurious representations of the reportof the ma-
jority of that committee. I trust that it has not
been done intentionally—I do not impute that it
has been done intentionally; but I desire this
House, and I desire the country, now distinctly to
understand, that there Is not a solitary material
fact stated in the report of that committee—I mean,
when-1 speak of the report of the committee, to
speak in parliamentary phrase—I speak ofthe re-
port of a majority of that committee—of the five
members of that committee—I say, that in that re-
port, there is not one single material fact which is
controverted in the statements of facts which aie
made by my friends, of whom the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] is one. •
I do not desire, therefore—and that is the
purpose for which I make the'statement—that
there should be any misunderstanding as to the
facts reported by that committee. I believe that
the report which was submitted as the report of
the committee, that the resolutions reported by
that committee, discharged properly the duty con-
fided to it by this House. There were one or two
inferences, matters of opinion, as my friends sup-
posed, contained in that report, to which they dis-
sented, and theiefore they submitted separate
written reports. But I desire the House, and I
desire the public press, to understand, that in
making up that report of facts, it was the design
of the.committee—it was the deliberate purpose of
the committee, avowed and prosecuted through-
out—to make no statement of fact whatever that
was not established by incontestable proof. I
think the committee strictly followed out their de-
sign; their report presents the facts from which
these resolutions are the predicate.
I have only further to ad<i, that my confidcnce in
the accuracy and correctness of these resolutions, as
the legitimate and proper conclusion from' the facts
and the arguments, has been confirmed by all my
subsequent research and reflection; and I think I
do not say too much when I pledge myself to. the
country to sustain every material ground assumed
m that report: That I shall endeavor to do when I
shall have the honor of replying to what may be
said in contravention of that report.
Mr. CONRAD inquired to which report the
gentleman from South Carolina referred ?
Mr. BURT. I spoke of the report of the com-
mittee, which is the report of facts; and I spoke of
the resolutions offered by the committee to the
House
Mr. CONRAD said the majority who made that
report did not consist of the same members as
those who composed the majority who reported
the resolutions; therefore there was some confu-
sion on the subject.
Mr. BURT replied, that he had spoken of the
report and of the resolutions repoited by himself,
and which were agreed to by a majority of the
committee.
Mr. TOOMBS then obtained the floor, and
addressed the House during the hour, partly in
reply to the speech heretofore made by. Mr.
Brooks, but mainly with the intention to establish
i two positions,—first, that the claim of Galphin
! was a just claim upon the Government, and ought
: to have been paid; and secondly, that the interest
theieon was paid 111 accordance with right, jus-
tice, law, and precedent. And he offered the fol-
lowing resolution as an amendment to the resolu- x
tions reported by the majority of the sclect com-
mittee:
*Resolved, That there is no evidence submitted by the
committee to whom was referred the letter ot George W.
Crawford, asking "an investigation" into his conduct in
reference to the claim of the representatives of George
Galphin, which impugns Ijk personal or official conduct in
relation to the settlement of the claim by the proper officers
of the Government.
[A report of this speech is in course of prepa-
ration and will be published in the Appendix,]
Mr. CONGER then addressed the House. He
said; Mr, Speaker, I do not propose to make use of
