1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
After an inquiry by Mr. BOYD of similar put-
port to that of Mr. Kaufman,
Mr. GiDDINGS asked for the yeas and nays ;
which were ordered.
M**. RICHARDSON made a remark, or sug-
gestion, of which nothing was heard on the left of
(he Chtur. ^
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Kaufman, and was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 100, nays 99 *, as follows:
YE.4S—Messrs. Albertson, AUston, Anderson, Ashe,
Averett, Bay, Bnyly, Bissetl, Bocock, Bowdon, Bojd, Biiggs,
Albert G. Brown, William 5. Brown, B;iel, Burt, Joseph
Cable, Gen,-2<j A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Carter,
Clingman, Williamson R W.Cobb, Colcock, Deberiy, Dnn-
rmek, Disney, Dunham, Edinundson, Ewmg, Feather*ton,
Fultej, Gentry. Gerry,Gorman, Githi, Hall, Ilaialson, Har-
lan, I-hnm G. Rani*, Samp-on W Harris, Hibbard, Hilhard,
ftoagland, Holliday, Howard, Hubbard, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson. Jone®, Kaufman,
La Ser , Leffier. LiUlefirld. Job Maisn. M v=?on,MeClerhand,
McDonald, Mi Bowell, MtLmahan, McMullen, McQueen,
Million, Moris*, Mor«.< , Old-*, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson. Robbing, Robm-
f-on, Ro-.*, Ssivagp, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,Thomas Jacob Thompson,
Jame*. Thompson, John B. Thompson, William Thompson,
Toombs, Veuahir, Walden, Wallace, WTatkm- , Wellborn,
Wildwk, Williams, Wood. Woodward, and Young—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Andn.ws, Afhmiin, Raker,
Bingham Booth, Brock, Brooks, Bunows, Chester Butler,
Thorn.w B. Butler, R. Oarrineion Cabell,Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conger. Conrad,
Corwin, Crowell, Daniel, Dickey, D xon. Doty, Dtier, Dun-
can, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans. Fowler,
Freedlev, Guiding?. Goodonow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, ftal-
Jowav, Hampton.Hay, Hajrnond, Hehard, Henry, Houston,
' Howe, Inge, Jackson, Julian, Kerr Daniel p. King, George
G. King, Jas.G. King, John A. King, PrcHon Kim:, Horace
Mann, Marshall,Matte-on.McGnmihey, McKi-sock, Robert
M. McLane, Ftms E McLean, Meaehatn, Miiier, Moor<>,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson. Newell, Ogle, On>, Pea^lee,
Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Ris-ley, Rockwell, Root,
Sackett, Schermerhorn, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stan-
ly. Stetson, Stiorig, Sweetsei, Taylor, Thurman,Tuck, Un-
■derhill, Van Dyke, Waldo, White, Wilmot, Wilson, and
" Winthrop—59.
So the memorial was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WHITTLESEY desired to be excused
from voting, having paired off with Mr. Hunter.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Colonel Bliss, his Private Secretary.
The call for petitions and memorials proceeded.
They were presented—
From the State of Vermont; By Messrs. Henry,
Meacham, and Peck.
[Mr. MEACHAM presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Vermont on the subject of an Agri-
cultural Bureau, which he moved to refer to a
select committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved their
reference to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, thought that the
resolutions should be referred to the Committee on
the Department of the Interior, so soon as that
committee shall have been created, as had been
proposed by an amendment to the rules a few days
ago.
Mr. PRESTON KING said debate was out of
order, and called the gentleman from Georgia to
order.
The question was then taken, and the resolutions
were referred to the Committee on Agriculture—
ayes 109; noes not counted.]
From Massachusetts: By Messrs. Duncan,
Fowler, Grinnell, D. P. King, H. Mann, and
WtNTHROP.
From Connecticut; By Messrs. Booth, T. B.
Butler, Cleveland, and Waldo.
From NewYork: By Messrs. Andrews, Briggs,
Clarke, J. A. King, P. King, McKissock, Phoe-
nix, Putnam, Schermerhorn, and Thl-rman.
From New Jersey: By Mr. Newell.
From Pennsylvania: By Messrs. Calvin, Ca-
sey, Chandler, Freepi.et, Hampton, McLan-
ahan, Moore, Pitman, Ross, and James Thomp-
son.
From Virginia: By Messrs. Bayly, Bocock,
Edmundson, and McDowell.
[Mr. BAYLY remarked that he held in his hand
a petition—which was ably drawn—asking for the
establishment of a monarchy. But as Congress
had no jurisdiction of such a subject, he declined
to present it. If, however, there were gentlemen
who held a different view of the right of petition,
they might take it in charge.]
From'North Carolina: By Messrs. Ashe, Dan-
iel, Outlaw, and Stanly.
From South Carolina: By Messrs. Holmes
and Or«.
229
From Georgia: By Mr. Owen.
From Kentucky: By Messrs.. Botd, G. A.
Caldwell, James W. Johnson, Marshall, Ma-
son, Morehead, and R. H. Stanton.
[Mr. BOYD presented the constitution of the
State of Deseret, which, on his motion, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories,]
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. MASON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill granting a bounty in
land to the officers and soldiers who served the
country during the last war with Great Britain.
Objections having been made—
Mr. M. moved that the rule3 of the House be
suspended.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose to inquire what
amount of land the bill proposed to grant.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that no
remarks were in order.
Mr. MASON (in reply to the inquiry of Mr.
King) said, the same amount that was granted to
the soldiers who fought in the war against Mex-
ico.
The SPEAKER. Conversation is out of order.
Mr. D17ER rose and objected to debate,
Mr. MASON. The gentleman asked me a
question, and I supposed i had a right to answer
him.
Mr. M. asked the yeas and nays on his motion,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 146, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, AUton, Anderson,
Andrews, AvereU, Raker, Bay, Bissell, Bocock, Booth,
Bow don, Bowie, Boyd, Breck, Brings, William J. Brown,
Burrows, Bmt, ThomasB. Butler, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Calvin, Carter. Casey, Clevf^and, W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Cole. Corwin, Deberry, Dininntk, Disney,
Doty, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fovvlei,
Fuller. Giddings, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Could, Giecn,
Hall, Hammond, Haial-on, Harlan,fsham G. Hants, Samp-
son W. Hanis, Hay, Hibbard. Billiard, Hoagland, Holiiday,
[ Houston, Howard, "Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Jackson, Andiew
Johnson, J. L. Johnson, Jones,.Kaufman, Kerr, D. P King,
J. G. King, Preston King-, La Sere, Leffler, Littiefield, Job
Mann,Marshall, Ma>on, Matte^nn, McClernand,McDonald,
McDowell, McGaughev, McKissotk, Robert M. McLntie,
Funs E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Meacham, Miller,
Millson. Moore, Morehead, Morn*, Morse, Newell, Ogle,
Olds, Orr, Otis, Owen, Parker, Peasleo, Peck, Phelps,
Phoenix, Pitman, Pottei,Powell,Putnam, Reed, Richardson,
Risley, Robbiiis, R« bin?on, Rockwell, Ros*, Sackett, Sav-
age, tNiwtelle, Schenck, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton. Alex-
ander IL Stephen-*, Stetson, SweeUer, Taylor, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson. John B. Thompson,
William Thompson, Thurman, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Watkins, Wellborn, Wildnck, Williams, Wilmot, Wood,
and Young—146.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashmun, Brooks, Chester Butler, E.
C. Cabell. Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Chandler, Clark,
Conger, Coniad, Ciowell, Daniel, Dickey, Dixon, Duel,
Duncan, Nathan Evans, Freediey, Grmnell, Hampton, Hay-
mond, Hebard, Henry, George G. King, John A. King, Hor-
ace Mann, Mc Willie, Nelson, Outlaw, Root, Rumsev, Stan-
ly, Strong, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wfiite, Wilson, and Wood-
ward—38.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative the rules
were suspended, and the bill was-introduced.
[Mr. BOWLIN, of Missouri, stated that he de-
clined to vote, having paired off with a member,
whose name was not heard.]
The bill was then read twice by its title.
Mr. MASON moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BURT moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Such (he said)
had been the established usage with bills of this
kind, and he saw no reason why it should be de- i
parted from in the present instance.
Mr. MASON said, he had no particular objec-
tion to the Committee on Public Lands, but (he
was understood to say) he supposed the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs might perhaps be more fa-
*vorably inclined towards the object of the bill. He
was inclined, however, to accept the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. GORMAN moved to amend the motion by
adding thereto the following instructions: "that
the committee include the surviving officers and
soldiers who served under General Wayne, in the
years from 1792 to 1795.''
Mr. MASON hoped thegentleman^from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] would withdraw the amendment.
There was (he was understood to say) another
bill covering the object embraced in the amend-
ment. It was known thcit, in former Congresses,
bills which had been introduced for the purpose
contemplated by this, had been defeated by being
loaded down with amendments.
Mr. GORMAN declined to withdraw the amend-
ment. He saw no reason why it should be with-
drawn. It surely could not weaken the force of
any bill before this House to add to it an amend-
ment, making provision for officers and soldiers so
meritorious as the class designated in his proposi-
tion. He believed that other classes ought also to
beadded, and that they would rather give strength
to the bill than take it away. He thought that be-
fore this Congress should have provided for these
worthy soldiers, and he hoped that they would be
placed where these revolutionary soldiers, who
had already departed almost to a man, were
placed. He could not withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BURT moved to amend the amendment,
by instructing the committee to report a bill grant-
ing bounty land to the troops who served in the
Florida war.
Mr. VAN DYKE called for the execution of
S the order of Thursday last, in relation to the elec-
i tion of Chaplain.
' The SPEAKER said the House was now act-
! ing under a suspension of the rules,
j Mr. MOREHEAD hoped, he said, that the
| amendment of the gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr.
i Gorman] would be withdrawn. He (Mr. M.)
i was in favor of the passage of some law in behalf
I of the soldiers of the Indian wars from" *92 to '95,
i who underwent hardships as great, probably, as
any soldiers ever suffered. The soldiers of the
war of 1812 should receive some small pittance for
the services they had rendered, and the hardships
and privations they had endured. But cach prop-
osition should stand upon its own merits. Let
jj this biil be passed, without the addition of any
other class of soldiers, however mentorious they
might be. Other propositions might be acted upon
separately. He referred to the fate of a similar
bill during the last Congress, to show that there
was no surer mode of destroying a measure than
j! by burdening it with provisions which might not
;i be acceptable to a majority of the House, however
| inclined it might be to give a favorable issue to the
)j original bill.
ij Mr. VAN DYKE demanded the previous ques-
jj tion.
,j There was a second. And the main question
1' was ordered to be now taken.
; i Mr. McCLERNAISD, with the consent of the
|| House, would suggest to the gentleman from In-
i j diana, [Mr. Gorman,] that if he was determined to
' insist upon his motion, he should also include in
it provision for the men who served under Gen-
erals Harmer and St. Clair in the same war.
There was no reason for a discrimination against
any portion of the troops who fought and suffered
in the same war.
The first question being on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. J3urt to the amendment of
Mr. Gorman,
Mr. ORR asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 99, nays
80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albeit«on, Alston, Anderson, Ashe*
Averett, Bay, Baylv, Bingham, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowie*
Brigs*, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt,
E. Canington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Casey, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Con-
rad, Crowell, Deberrv, Dimmiek, Duer, Edmund-son, Na-
than Evans, Featherston, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hammond,
Ilaraloon, Uham G Harris, Sampson W. Ha.ris, Hay, Hih-
j bard, Hithrud, Hoagland, Holliday, Howard, Howe, Iiuh-
| bard, luge, Andrew johnson, James L. Johnson,Robert W.
I John.-on. Jon^-s, Kaufman, Kerr, Prc-ton King, La S£re,
I Leffle.r, Marxian, McClernand, McDowell, McLana.-an,
1 Robert M. MeLaue. McMulhn, McQueen, McWiHh-, Mil-
i ler, Mooie, Moise, Newell, Ogle, OhK O.-r, Outlaw, Phelps,
! Powell, Ltecd, R.ihhm«, llobmson, "Root, Rns*, Ruin^ey,
I Schennerhoi n, Seddon, Slu ppeid, Frederick P. Stanton,
j Rietuud IL Stanton, Alex. IL Stephens, Sirong, Thomas,
! Jacob Thompson, Jamo-. Thompson, William '1 bompym,
! Thurman, Van D\ke, Wallace. Watfeu.*, Wellboni, Wil-
I hams, Woodwasd, and Young—
1 v Me^sr-. Alexander. Andrews, A*hmun, Baker,
Hlllowavj' Harlan'Hajmnml,
; PrtfmlP. King, George <?• K'ng, John A. Kin^, LiU et i,Id,
-- .. «...    iwiciim Mattes-ou. M< G.mghey,
^^S^'Swe.-e.VTajInr, Tuck, ^
den, VVal'iln, White, Wiklrick, Wilrant, Wilson, \\mt„iop,
'1 and Wood—feO-
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
[When the name of Mr. Savage was called, he
rose to make a question under the 40th rule of the^
