1850.
THEE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOB®.
be used to procure support for such measures as
it is for the interest and credit of officials should
be sustained, and it is by no means matter of sur-
prise to find those who are active in sustaining
Mr. Walker, on the one hand, and Messrs Mere-
dith, Johnson, and Crawford, on the other. If the
law of 1848 is not construed according to the
second resolution, then is Mr. Walker disgraced.
That construction will save him; and his friends
hold him in too high regard not to insist upon
that construction. The same construction is ne-
cessary .to save Mr. Meredith from odium, and
his patronage and good will, just at this time, are
abundantly sufficient to procure,opinior)s in favor
of that construction.
In saying this, I do not mean to imply that there
are gentlemen on this floor that can be influenced
by such considerations. I do not thus judge the
motives of members. But* there are scribblers,
pettifoggers, and hangers-on, out of this Hall,
who, in their devotion to power that dispenses
patronage, have gravely argued that Congress in-
tended to authorize the payment of the claim, no
matter from whom due; and that the law plainly
and fairly directs the payment, though found to
be due fiom the Indians, Great Britain, or Geor-
gia, instead of the United States. This argu-
ment is so preposterous that it need only be stated
to refute itself. Has this Government become
so rich and liberal that it is willing to pay the
debts of others? Has she become so lavish of
the hard-earned treasure of the people that she
will pay what the committee say she was not
legally, equitably, or morally bound to pay ?
But, it is said, that if it was not intended that
we should pay it, unless it should be found due,
from the United ■ States, it should have been
so expressed in the law. The answer to this is,
that as we are not m the habit of paying any-
body's debts but our own, a law which imterms
authorizes the examination and adjustment of a
claim, and the payment of what shall be found
due, can only mean that it shall be paid if found
due from us. Affirmative words making payment
dependent on this condition would be entirely
useless; while, for the reason that nobody can
suppose we intend to pay another's debts,affirma-
tive words absolutely and unconditionally assu-
ming the debt could alone be sufficient to au-
thorize such construction.
Sir, I maintain that the plain duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under that law, was to ex-
amine and inquire, 1st, Whether anything was
due on that claim from the United States; and if
so, 2d, To adjust and ascertain the amount that
was due. That there might have been individual
members who knew that the Secretary of the
Treasury would construe it as he did do, I will
not pretend to deny; for the claim had its special
friends on this floor and around the Capitol. But
if there were such, is it not reasonable to presume,
that they had beforehand been informed of the
construction that Mr. Walker would give it? ^ I
do not allege that the bill was artfully dra%vn for
the purpose of securing the payment of the claim
beyond mistake or peradventure, while all but its
peculiar friends regarded it as merely instructing
the Secretary to pay whatever should be found
due from the United States, on a thorough exam-
ination of the justice of the claim, and the liability
of the Government. Were that true, there would
be more of fraud and corruption in this case than
the evidence proves. Whatever the friends of the
claim, however, might have known or thought in
relation to the construction that wouldgbe given to
the act, it cannot be believed that anybody else,
who consented to its passage, entertained any idea
that it could bear the construction of Mr. Walker,
or that any attempt would be made to give it that
construction. Sir, there was no chance for mis-
construction. except such as might be found in a
disposition to set Congress at defiance, and to ap-
propriate the public funds without authority of
law. It was no part of the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the claim, however
just and meritorious, unless he should find that it i
was due from the Uniied Slates. The liberality of j
Congress had not been exhibited by investing him
with any such power. As the gentleman from
Ohio has, with slight variation, well remarked in .
reference to another officer—whatever may have
been li6eral or illiberal, was not within his prov-
ince to determine. He was not the almoner of
the public bounty; nor had ha a right to superadd
to his duty of executing the law the kinder office
of dispensing the liberality of the Government.
He was the legal custodian of the public treasure.
As the guardian of it, the people had a right to
look for its protection.
Now, sir, another question involved in this
matter, is the payment of interest by Secretary
Meredith. I do not propose to discuss it as a legal
question. It has been most ably discussed al-
ready, and I have no desire to run over the
authorities that show most clearly and conclusivly
that there was no authority in law or precedent
for its allowance. Nor is it necessary for me to
do so. Under the true and proper construction of
the law of 1S48, I hold that interest was not due
unless it was first ascertained and determined that,
outside the law, the principal was due from the
United States. Nor even then should interest
have been allowed. That law required the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to examine and adjust the
Galphm claim. W hat was that claim ? What its
extent? The specific,«exact amount fixed by
Great Britain, and none other. There was no
claim for interest; it was for the principal alone.
Again: no liability for interest rested on theGovern-
ment, for the reason that the principal was paid,
not because it was found due, but on the ground
that the Government had assumed the claim. But
if the claim was assumed, it was only the claim as
made, and that did not include interest. The
principal couid not carry interest, unless k was
paid as a just and valid debt; and those who hold,
as I do, that the Government was neither liable for
the claim, nor that she assumed it in the law of
1848, will not need the authorities to satisfy them
that interest was improperly paid. But whatever
the view taken of this question, I can find no
groundon which interest could have been allowed,
and Secretary Meredith in paying it, and Attorney
General Johnson m advismg^it to be paid, have
taken a responsibility that cannot be sustained,
and ought not to be tolerated.
When this claim for interest was first presented
to Mr. Meredith, he found the opinion of two of
the late accounting officers of the Treasury against
the allowance. He thereupon referred the case to
Mr. Whittlesey, the Comptroller of the Treasury,
by whom the question was again examined wall
great attention and ability. Mr. Whittlesey also
reported against the allowance; but determined, as
it would seem, to find some excuse or pretext for
overruling these several able opinions, Mr.
Meredith at last presented the case to the Attorney
General, who finally delivered an opinion so much
sought for, and of which he has himself the mod-
esty to say, that-it was " the only one which any
lawyer of well-earned reputation could have
given." With such amiable assurance I do not
desire to come in conflict, but 1 will dare to say,
that it will be most fortunate for the pockets of
the people, when legal opinions on questions of
interest shail be given by a law officer who has
earned his reputation by praeucc in courts where
justice has precedence over generosity, and the
action jof executive officers is held subservient to
the control of Congress.
What Mr. Meredith ought to have done, in my
judgment, was this: Having doubts upon the
question, as he professed to have, and the amount
involved being large, he should have submitted it
to Congress, and taken their opinion as to what
was their meaning two years ago, and not relied
on an opinion of the Attorney General as to what
it ought to have been or might have been. Con-
gress holds the key of the Treasury, or should
hold it, and if money may be taken from the pub-
lic purse on the mere opinions of executive officers,
then indeed is Congress a useless appendage to
the Government. One " lawyer of well-earned
reputation," under such a system, would do all
the necessary legislation of the country, as well as
attend to his other minor duties.
Of Mr. Crawford's connection with this case, I
am disposed to say little in addition to what I have
already said. Tile relation he holds towards the
Government is one that made it highly indelicate
and improper, that he should allow a claim m
which he was himself so largely inteiested, to be
piosecuted before either of the executive depart-
- ments while he should remain the head of one of
them. 1 care not whether his interest in the claim
was known either to the Secretary of ihe Tieasury,
; or the Attorney General, or both. The fact that
1 he had an interest in the claim, and that l}e con-
tinued to aid, though not opentjr, in its prosecution
for his own benefit, remains. I do not say h«
made use of his position to get this claim for iri-,
terest allowed; nor does the impropriety -of'his
conduct depend on this circumstance. He; with-
out doubt, holds it to be proper, while in, his offi7
cial character he is required to pass upon claims
and watch expenditures in one department, that
he should continue the feed attorney for the prose-
cution of claims in another. But I cannot so re-
gard it. It is something more and worse than im^
propriety; and as one humble Representative of a
constituency who have a common pride and a
common interest in a just, honest, faithful, and
honorable administration of every departments of
this Government, I raise my voice against it now
and ever.
Mr. BROOKS followed (in remarks which will
be published in the Appendix) in reply, for the
most part, to the speech of Mr. Toombs.
Mr. BRECK defended the views taken in the
argument reported by himself (Mr B.) in behalf
of a minority of the select committee; replied to
positions assumed by Messrs. Brooks and Con-
ger, and maintained the justice and equity of the
claim for both principal and interest. He depre-
cated the hue and cry that-had been raised by
members of the House and by the' public press
concerning the payment, and said that no gentle-
man denied that it was a just claim on the part of
Mr. Galphin, or pretended that it had ever lieeo
paid. He took the ground that the General Gov-
ernment had assumed the claim by the passage of
the act of 1H48, and that the accounting officers
had in their action carried out that construction of
the act, which was sustained by law, equity, and
precedents.
Without concluding his remarks, he gate way
to a motion by
Mr. HOLMES, that the House a4journ; which
being agreed to—-
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, See.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.,were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. HAY: Tile petition of John Ackley, William P.
Jenkins, am! 78 olliers, cit zens of Atlanlic rounty, New
Jersey, j.rat i ri2 f'nr a inodificaliori of the tariff of i846.
By Mr. HOWE: The pennon of George VV. Baker and
46 otheis, citizens ofClauon county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to modify the tnulF.
By Mr. MORRIS: The memorial of Lieutenant N. 8.
Grant, of the I nlted States army, praying to be discharged
from further utilisations lo the Governinenl for money which
had been srolen irom Inni m Mextc-o in 18-18.
By Mr. MANN, ot Pennsylvania: The petition of William
Scott, an invalid pensioner uf the war of 1812, for arrears of
pension.
By Mr. MASON: The petition of John P. Kendall and
39 other citizens of Kentucky, pr.l) ins 111 t Co gr-ss pass a
liuvpiovidmg lor Ihe removal, limn llie country, ot all thai
portion ot the African race who are both willing and ready
to emigrate tn Africa, &c.
By Mi. BUEL- The petition of Ransom Cole and others,
cinaens of Hillsdale county, Michigan, lor a repeal of oil
laws sanctioning &laveiy in tlie District of Columbia. -
Also, ihe pennon of the same, that no more felave States
be admitted into the Union.
Al-o, the petition of the same, for a lawgiving tn fugitives
from service the right ot trial by jury.
Also, the petition of the same, for the prohibition of sla-
very and the slave trade in the territories.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Henry C. Harrh, a citizen of Covington, Kentucky, playing
Congress to pass some elleeiive law for the piotection of
slaveholders against armed mobs in the free States, who re-
sist the reclamation ot fugitive slaves; and more effectually
to guard agam-l ihe stealing of slaves by the Abolitionists.
By Mr. CARTER: The petit,on of S. Hunt and 59
others, citizens of Massillori, Ohio, praying Congress to
enact a law to protect human lite on board steamboats, &c.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 1, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United states, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of War, prepared in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 27th ultimo, requesting in-
formation of the proceedings of the Executive in
regard to the appointment of the officer now com->
manding m New Mexico, and the orders and in'
structions given to, and correspondence with, hira
upon the subjects mentioned m the resolution;
which was read as follows:
War Defastmbnt,-
.Wasit.'noton, Ju'-y i,. Ifc'50.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the reference to
this Department of the resolution of the Senate of the 27th
ultimo, the first clause of wliicb request* tite President to
