1850.
"mm et)M!®EssiomAL 'OLom
m
five expenses of collecting the revenue in the
district of New York for the six months ending
December 31, I84b', and the corresponding six
months ending at the game period in IS©; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
The statement presented by the honorable gen-
tleman shows that the revenue collected at the port
of New York for thesix months endingDcccmber
31 j 1848j was $9,492,656 51, and for the six
months ending December31,1849, $11,670,323 75;
being an increase in six months in 1849 of
$2,178,167 12.
The expenses of collection for the six months
ending December 31, 1848, were $392,216 34, and
for the six months ending December 31, 1849,
$355,497 27; beinj a reduction in six months in
1849, of $36,719 07.
In the warehouse department for the six months
ending December 31,1848, net charge on revenue,
$42,864 43, and for the six months, ending De-
cember 31,1849, netcharge on treasury, $36,178 58;
say for six months in 1849, a reduction ot
|6.685 85.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the document be
printed; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
BRANCH MINT AT-NEW YORK.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested by the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of New York to
present a memorial praying Congress to establish
a branch mint in that city. I call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that this memorial shows
that more than one-half of the com imported fram
Europe, two-thirds of the gold sent from Califor-
nia, and one-third of the gold brought by emi-
grants for re-coinage, is brought into the city o.
New York. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and that it be
printed.
It was so referred, and the motion to print was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
This document shows that out of §24,153,000,
which came into the country in the year 1849,
twenty-one millions of it arrived at Boston and
New York, where thereisno mint; while Philadel-
phia, that contains the principal mint in the Union,
received only the inconsiderable sum of $256,000.
It estimates the whole amount of gold from Cali-
fornia at from five to six millions, of which from
four to five went to New York. The amount
brought by emigrants has been estimated at eight
millions, which goes mostly into the interior, but
finds its way back to the sea-board.
Mr. SEWARD also presented a memorial from
citizens of New York, asking that the public
lands may be granted to actual settlers in limited
quantities, without price; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
NEW YORK RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am re-
quested by the Legislature of the State Of New
York to submit to the Senate certain concurrent
resolutions. One of these resolutions expresses
their approbation of a bill appropriating a portion
of the public domain to the Hungarian exiles now
in this country. The other instructs the Senators
and requests the Representatives from that-State
to use their exertions to procure the enactment of
a law granting lands in limited quantities to actual
settlers, who are citizens of the United States and
not possessed of other lands or the means of ac-
quiring them. This resolution expresses their
approbation of a resolution which was introduced
here by the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in relation to the freedom of the public
lands to actual settlers. I ask that this resolution
he read, that it be laid upon the table, and that it
be printed. . .
Mr. WEBSTER. I take occasion, on this
subject, to say that I wait only for the publication |
of the annual report of the Commissioner of the
Land Office—arid I am sorry that the printing of
this, together with other important documents, has
been so long delayed—to ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which I laid upon the table some
time ago. As soon as these documents are printed
1 shalf ask the Senate to give me an opportunity to
call up my resolution.
The resolutions were read, laid on the table, ana
ordered to be printed. .
Mr. MASON presented the memorial ot the
Corpoiation of Georgetown, asking that it may be
empowered to construct certain improvements
within the limits of said Corporation; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of 137 cit-
izens of Bangor, Maine, asking a uniform reduc-
tion of the rates of postage to two cents; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office arid
Post Roads.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of Josiah
Barker, Thos. W. Chinn, Micajah Courtney, and
the representatives of John Davenport, sureties of
Thomas Gibbs Morgan, late collector of the port
of New Orleans, asking to be released from a
judgment obtained against them by the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
AN EXTRAORDINARY CASE.
Mr. DOWNS also presented the memorial of E.
L. Blackburn, late the widow of Felix Boswell,
asking that the estate of her late husband may be
released from liabilities. In offering this memorial
Mr. D. said :
The memorial which I now present is one of
such a character, and attended with circumstances
so extraordinary, that I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it. It is the petition of the
widow of Judge Bosworth, who died while acting
as paymaster in the United States army in the late
war with Mexico. He was appointed a paymas-
ter in the army and left for his duty at Vera Cruz.
Three weeks after his arrival he was taken sick
with theyeilow fever and died. A clerk living with
him was taken with the same disease and died three
days before him. Of the two servants whom he had
with him, one was taken sick with the fever, but af- !
terwards recoverd. His brother was also attacked
and has since died. A surgeon of the army who at-
tended him has since died. An officer of the army,
Capt. Page, who attended him in his last moments,
and received his last request to his family, has also
since died. Capt.-Page was requested to deliver
over the paper, the money, and the vouchers in
the possession of the deceased, to the officer au-
thorized to receive them. It turns out unfortunately
that he also has since died, and every free white
person who was present, at all acquainted with the
affairs of this officer, is now dead. His papers
and books were carefully put up in a trunk and
dispatched to his widow at her residence, together
with a considerable sum of money and the vouchers
which were supposed necessary for the settlement
of his accounts. It turns out that the trunk was
robbed, not only of the money but of the vouchers,
so that there is no legal evidence, and in conse-
quence of the loss of this money and vouchers it is
found that his accounts are wanting some three
thousand dollars. No defence could be made in
the court below, because these facts could not be
proved by legal evidence, although evidence, suffi-
cient to satisfy the mind of any rational man, has
been preserved. The evidence afforded by the
statements of Captain Page show that these facts
are substantially true, and that the funds were
taken by him and delivered over to the proper
officer. Other statements, as well as the affidavit
of the widow herself, show that the trunk was
robbed. This evidence is not such as would be
received by a court of justice, but I hope the com-
mittee will take into consideration the evidence of
the body servant of the paymaster, who has related
all the circumstances in a satisfactory manner to
all who know him. I would state that at the time
the case was tried, although there was no legal
evidence on which to make a defence, it was the
opinion of all the attorneys who conducted the
case that the circumstances were so peculiar that,
though judgment must be rendered against her, it
was a proper case for the interposition of Congress.
Judgment was had, and the execution will soon be
issued, and the property of the widow, who was
one of the securities, sacrificed if no relief is given.
I hope the committee will take the case into con-
sideration at an early period, and I have no doubt
that evidence can be obtained, and so strong a case
made out that they will not fail to grant the relief.
I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of the
President and Faculty of Burlington College, a
petition of students at said college, and a petition
of the scholars of the Moorestown Boarding
School, in the State of New Jersey, asking a re-
duction of the rates of postage; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FO0T-E presented the petition of John
Hollohan, asking compensation for his services as
messenger and watchman in t'he Patent Office;
which Was referred to the CommUtee of Claims.
Mr. F. also presented the petition of Aseeath M,
Elliott, widow of an army officer, asking to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented three
petitions of citizens of Racine, Wisconsin, asking
the construction of a harbor at that place; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BADGER submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of the heirs of Edward Bun-
combe; which, with the petition om the files of the
Senate, were referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of the
heirs and legal representatives of merchants and
underwriters of Charleston, South Carolina, ask-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on the
subject.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Michigan, asking the establishment of an
additional land office in that State; wfiich was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from
manufacturers of shoe lasts in the city of Boston,
Massachusetts, asking to be'protected against for-
eign violations of Blanchard's patent-right; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUTLER presented a-memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Car-
olina, asking that the rates of postage may be re-
duced and the franking privilege abolished; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of Lucius
B. Allyn, a clerk in the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing of the Navy Department, asking addi-
tional compensation; which was referred to -the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. CASS presented fifty-three petitions of cit-
izens of Philadelphia and other portions of Penn-
sylvania, all numerously signed, asking that the
spirit-ration in the navy may be abolished; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the memorial of the
heirs of Stephen Griffith and others; the memorial
of the heirs of Samuel Stone; and the memorial of
the New Haven Insurance Company and others,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which were referred to the select committee
on the subject.
Mr. B. also presented a petition from citizens of
Plymouth, Connecticut, asking that measures may
be adopted for the amicable adjustment of interna-
tional difficulties; whieh was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. B. further presented a petition from citizens
of Connecticut interested in the patent right of
Thomas Blanchard, asking that said patent right
may be protected from foreign violation; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. B. also submitted additional documents rela-
ting to the claim of Ann Dodd; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of George
F. De la Roche, of the District of Columbia, as
the representative of the firm of Win. Lewis
Sontng & Co., of Philadelphia; the petition of the
Maryland Insurance Company; and of the Balti-
more Insurance Company; and the petition of
Catharine Wilson, of Baltimore city, in behalf of
the heirs of David Wilson, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which were re-
fened to the select committee on that subject.
Mr. P. also presented a petition from citizens of
Alleghany county, Maryland, asking the reduction
of the rates of postage; whieh was referred to the
Committee on the Post Qtfice and Post Roads.
Mr CASS presented the petition of professors
and teachers in the Brooklyn Female Academy
and four hundred and ninety-two pupils m the
same, asking a reduction of postage to two cents
on prepaid letters; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial, numerously
signed by citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, asking that Elizabeth Porter, widow of
Joseph. Porter, may be allowed a pension; which
was refer)ed to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Stanton
Wales, a captain during the war with Great Biitaio,
