1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL £LOBE.
July 15
inform the Senate " whether any person has been by him
appointed civil or military governor of New Mexico since
the -Uli day of March, 1849, and if so, whether the same
individual still continues to act in that capacity, or whether
"he has been succeeded by some other perSon."
In reply to these inquiries i herewith enclose copies of
the orders assigning Brevet Colonel John Monroe to the
command of the Ninth Military Department, which com-
mand he still retains.
In reply to the request for copies of the instructions and
orders given to said commanding officer, and correspond-
ence with him, and for information as to the approval given
l y the Executive to his acts or to the existence or continua-
tion ot a government in New Mexico in opposition to the
jurisdiction claimed by the State of Texas, 1 have the honor
to state that all such orders, instructions, and correspond-
ence, have already been communicated to the Senate, in
compliance with two previous resolutions of that body, and
thlft all the proceedings of the Executive, through Uus De-
partment and its officers, in relation to the subject-matter
of the resolution up to this date, are fuliy set foith therein.
This Department has not received official iniormation of
the proclamation set foith in the resolution of the Senate to
which this is a leply.
GEOilGE VV. CRAWFORD, Secretary of War.
Headquarters of the Army,
New York. May 526,1849.
General Orders, No. 3.—JBievet Colonel John Munrue,
3d Artillery, is. aligned to duty in Depai tment No 9, and
will immediately lepair to Santa Fe, via F«>rtLeavenwoith,
and relieve Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Washington, now in
command in New Mexico. By command ot M.yoi General
Scott.
W. T. FREEMAN, Assistant Jldjutant General.
War Department, Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, June '23, 1849.
General Orders, No. 35 —Brevet Colonel John xVIuuroe,
Major m tlie 2d Regiment of Artillery, having been ordeied
to Department Ni> 9, i< hydiret tion of.the President assigned
to duty accoiding to his brevet rank tor and during the tune
he may, in virtue of such rank, exercise the dutiea ot com-
manding officer of that depnitment. By order:
R. JONES, Adjutant General.
The message and accompanying documents were
then ordered to He on the table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 28th ultimo, calling for the report made
to General Riley by Lieutenant E. 0. C. Ord, of a
reconnoissance between Los Angeles and San
Diego, in California, stating that said report was
communicated to the Senate on the 27th of March
last, as part of the information relative to the to-
pogiaphy of California, called for by the resolu-
tion of the 25th of February last; which was read
and ordered to he on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial from citizens
of Clarion county, in the State of Pennsylvania,
asking a readjustment of the tariff on the princi-
ple of specific duties and protection to domestic
industry; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, the memorial of G. Huntington, asking
the enactment of an international copy-right law;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, two memorials from citizens of the United
States, asking1 the adoption of measures for pio-
moting the emigration of the negroes of the United
Stales to Africa; which weie laid on the table.
iVir. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted a doc-
ument in relation to the claim of John R. Pritch-
ard to an increase of pension, which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
X Mr. CASS presented the petition of citizens of
Erie county, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking
the adoption of measures for preventing thedesti uc-
tiort of lite and property by theaccidental burning
of steamboats; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to amend the
act entitled '"An act to laise for a limited time an
additional military force and for other purposes,"
approved February 11, 1847, reported back the
same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the memorial of the Girard Railroad Com-
pany of Alabama for the right of way and a grant
of land; the memorials of the Legislature of
Missouri in favor of a grant of land and rhe right
of way tor the Missouri and Mississippi Railroad
Company, and a grant of land for the New Mad-
rid and ;Stoddart Canal Company; the memorial
of the Rock Island and Lasalie Railroad Company
for a grant of land; a petition from citizens of Ala-
bama for the right of way for the Alabama and
Georgia Railroad Company; and the memorial of
the citizens of Alabama for a grant of land to the
Tuscaloosa Plank Road Company, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of the officers of the land
office asking compensation for services in entering
military bounty-land warrants, asked to be dis-
charged from tne further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill granxing on certain conditions the
alternate sections of public lands along the route
of the railroad from Pensacola, in the State of
Florida, to Montgomery, in the State of Alabama,
and for other purposes, reported back the same
without amendment, and recommended that it lie
on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution of Mr.
Felch to print five thousand copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
to the House the report of Messrs. Foster and
Whitney on the geology of the copper lands of the
Lake Superior land district, reported in favor of
the adoption of the resolution; which was agreed
to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate any information, if any has been received
by the Government, showing that an Aineiican vessel lias
been recently stopped on the high seas and searched by a
British ship of war.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate ot tbe
20th of Way last, in relation to allowance* to naval officers,
be referred to the Comirfiueeon Naval Affair:?, with instruc-
tions to inquire and lepoit to the Senate what furthei legis-
lation, il any, ts nfee^s-ary to enfoiee that provision o! ihe
actol March 3,1835, regulating the pay of the navy, prohib-
iting any pay, compensation, oi allowance under any Cir-
cumstances whatever, except for traveling expenses when
under oiders, other than is piovided for m said act, and that
said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be rpque- ted to furnish the
Senate the reports and map of Lieutenant J. D. Webster,
corps of topographical engineers, of a survey of the Gulf
coast at the mouth of the Iiio Grande and its vicinity.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. YULEE asked permission to lay on the
table the following resolution, which lies over:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and the
Speukei ot the House of Representatives do adjourn their
icspectivo Houses on Wedne&day, the first day oi August
next, at twelve m.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill granting the right of way and
making a donation of land to the State of Alabama
in aid of the construction of the Girard lailroad.
VARIOUS ADVERSE REPORTS.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the adverse reports lying
over, which were severally taken up and concurred
in, viz:
From the Committee on Public Lands: On the
memorial of James J. Stark; the petition of set-
tlers on townships Nos. 43 and 44, in Missouri;
the petition of Jacok W. Cummins; the memorial
of the trustees of the Protestant University of the
United States at Cincinnati, Ohio.
From the Committee on Pensions: The petition
of Peter Grover; the documents relating to the
claim of Charles Larabee; and the petition of Mary
Farrar.
From the Committee of Claims: On the petition
of Asa Andrews; on the petition of Eugene Van-
ness and John M. Brush, executors of Nehemiah
Biush.
From the Committee on Commerce: On the res-
olution requiting the Committee on Commerce to
inquire into the expediency of providing a salary
for the collector of the poit of Middletown, Con-
,1 necticut.
i| From the Committee on the Judiciary: On the
;j petition of John P. Skinner and the legal repre-
h sentatives of Isaac Greene, asking to be relieved
j from a judgment obtained against them as sureties
for Thomas Emerson, late pension agent for Ver-
mont.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
The report from the Committee of Claims on
the memorial of the Orange and Alexandria rail-
road company, asking payment of the sum of
$120,000, advanced by Virginia to the United
States, with interest, was read, and laid on the
; table.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SEAMEN.
On the motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate
proceeded as m Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 152, being," A bill
granting a bounty in land to the seamen of the
Gulf and Pacific squadrons, equal to that already
granted to soldiers and marines who served in the
Mexican war/'
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend by inserting
in the fifth line, after the word " to," the words
" petty officers and," so as to make it read " petty
officers and non-commissioned officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading. ^
Mr. YULEE. I hope that question may lie
over for the present. It may be found advisable
that this bill should be attached as an amendment
to the bill which has come to us from the House,
and I think also that its provisions should be ex-
tended, so as to embrace another class of seamen.
1 hope the Senate will permit the bill to lie on the
table till another morning.
Mr. SHIELDS. This bill pierely provides for
the seamen who were engaged in the Gulf of Mex-
ico and on the Pacific coast during the war with
Mexico, who suffered more in fact than the sol-
diers. The object of the bill is to put them on an
equal footing with the soldiers. I may state that
1 have letters eveiy day from these gallant tars,
and they do not suspect that there is a man in this
Senate who will oppose this bill, and they wouid
be far from suspecting; that the chairman of the
Committe on Naval Affairs would oppose it.
Mr. YULEE. They will learn, for the first
time, from the speech of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is opposed to it. I
have expressed no such opinion. I have said, on
the contrary, thutjusticemightrequirean enlarge-
ment of the bill so as to include others; and also,
that there should be a discrimination, so that those
who have received prize-money should be put on
a different footing from those who have not. I
said I thought it might be advisable to attach this
as an amendment to the bill of the House, granting
bounty lands to a large class of persons not here-
tofore provided for. For these reasons, I have
thought it best that it should lie on the table, that
it may be so modified that all classes may be pro-
vided for.
But I would state to the Senator from Illinois
some facts, of which he may not be aware, but
which have come to the knowledge of the com-
mittee to which 1 think this should go. I under-
stand that a large portion of the seamen who
served on the Mexican coast received prize-money.
The men of one squadron weie entitled to the
money from ten or fifteen ships captured by them.
Whether they ever received the money or not, I
do not know; but I understand the officers received
it. All these matters are proper to be investigated
by the committee; and if the Senator from Illinois
will consent to let it lie on the table a few days, we
can ascertain what amendments may be proposed
to improve the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. When the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs took charge of this ques-
tion, they had no intention whatever to trespass
upon the rights, privileges, or duties of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. This bill was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, because it was
confined to that portion of the naval and marine
corps who had served on shote and who were not
included in the original law. The bill reported by
my colleague on the military committee [Mr.
Shields] contains a provision merely for the ma-
rines anu sailois who served on shore as infantry,
and not for those seamen who merely served on
board of vessels. Had it related to this class of
seamen, then I grant the chairman of the Commit-
