232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
asking remuneration forprivate property destroyed
by the enemy in the public storehouse at Buffalo;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. C. further presented thepeution of Nathan-
iel Champ, asking a new land warrant in lieu of
one supposed to be destroyed; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. also presented the petition- of Alpheus
AlgeT, Charles Charts, DennisDo!abra,and others,
citizens of Maryland, commending the liberality
of the resolution offered by a distinguished Sena-
tor for the relief of the Hurigariat) refugees, and
suggesting that there are in the State of Maryland
many native refugees who are oppressed by pov-
erty more enduring than Russian barbarity or
Austrian cruelty and injustice, and asking that [
when the public domain shall be apportioned to the
Hungarian exiles, the intere&ts, welfare, and pro-
tection of the Maryland refugees, who desire most
earnestly to flee from the oppression and cruelty of
poverty, may be favorably considered, and placed
at least on equal footing with the interests of the
Hungarians; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. K1JXG presented a petition very numerously
signed by citizens of Alabama, objecting to the
national chaplain system; which was ordered to
lie on (lie table.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of the offi-
cers of the late navy in Texas, asking to Joe admit-
ted into the navy of the United Slates; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I presented the other |l
day a memorial from certain officers and soldiers ij
in the war of 1812, in favor of granting bounty jj
lands to the officers and soldiers u ho served in jj
that war. I now hold in my hand a memorial i;
adopted at a meeting of officers and soldiers of that b
I be remunerated for the loss of his improvements,
i of which he was dispossessed contrary to the. treaty
I of 1835; which was referred to the Committee on
i Indian Affairs.
STATUE OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. COOPER. I beg leave to present the me-
morial of Mr. Crawford, an American sculptor,
proposing to execute for Congress an equestrian
statue of Washington in bronze; and 1 ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for a moment, white I refer
to the character of the memorialist as an artist.
Mr. Crawford has been for many years a resident
abroad, studying those incomparable models of the
i great masters who.se chif d 'auvi es adoin the famous
| galleries of the Vatican at Rome and the Ducal
! Palace at Florence. He has resided principally ai
t Rome for fourteen years, where he has executed in
[ marble several groups and a large number of single
; figures of great beauty and merit, which have secu-
| red for him deserved celebrity as an artist. In what
I may say in commendation of Mr. Crawford, I
' have no design to depreciate the talents of ourdis-
| tinguished countrymen who have vindicated Amer-
ican genius by works which have attracted the
attention and admiration of Europe. On the con-
! trary, 1 am proud to congiatulate the country on
the possession of such artists as Greenough and
I Power, who, in an age whose tendencies are all
■ towards, the acquisition of wealth and power have
successfully devoted themselves to revive a .senti-
ment of the true and beautiful in art, and to' prove
that there are sources of enjoyment outside the
| circle of profit.
| But, sir, while these distinguished artists have
i acquired fame, both at home and abroad, by works
! worthy of a higher period of an than the present,
the memorialist is in all respects their equal; and
i i j • -n , e 11 in the creative faculty which imparts the speaking,
war,_ m Fra"kf?rt' Iie"tUC,ky.;_. GoV: !l life-like character to the inanimate stone or can-
j vas, he has no superior among living artists. To
| my own knowledge, sir, his studio at Rome is
: daily crowded with admirers of the beautiful
groups wrought by his chisel; and Europeans and
Americans have united in according to him a high
place among the eminent sculptors of tjie age.
I pretend, Mr. President, to but little "knowledge
of the art of sculpture, and to none of that re-
fined and educated judgment of artistic merit which
constitutes true taste, and which distinguishes the
I connoisseur. I cannot, therefore, speak as a vir-
j tuoso of Mr. Crawford's works of art; but if it
| be an evidence of genius that, in contemplating
S them, new sentiments are awakened in the bosom
I —sentiments which are akin to those inspired by
: eloquence or music., or the contemplation of the
| grand and^ beautiful in Nature, then are they the
; offspring of true genius. But His not my intention
j to describe either the groups or single figures exe-
. cuted by Mr. Crawford, and which are scattered
| throughout Europe and the United States, except
. to say, that, in the judgment of all who have seen
! diem, they are regaided as rare and excellent spe-
! cimens of art.
| it is right, Mr. President, thai the living, who
j are the recipients of the bounties of ihe illustrious
' dead, should acknowledge their obligations, and
manifest their gratitude, by fitting memorials.
The marble which is rising in such proud and
nobie proportions m view of the Capitol is a woi thy,
and will be an enduring monument of the coun-
try's gratitude to an eminent benefactor; but from
, its design it will represent the civic rather than the
. heroic virtues of him whose memory it is intended
j to perpetuate. On the other hand, an equestrian
i statue, such as the memorialist proposes to exe-
i cute, will represent the latter—the heioic virtues of
| Washington; and both together, sir, will carry
| down and exhibit to posterity the qualities of both
| soldier and sage, so admirably blended in thechar-
! acter of the great American patriot, who, in the
I language of the memorial, is, by many titles, the
i father of his country and the benefactor of his race.
! I move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Library, and 1 hope there will
i be prompt, speedy, and favorable action upon it.
; I also move that the memorial be printed.
J ^ The memorial was referred to the Committee on
tne Library, and the motion to print was referred
to the Committee on Piinting.
! PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
, On motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
Ordered, That the petition oi Lewis Morris, on the files
ernor Metcalfe, late a member of this body, was
the President of the meeting, and sent the memo-
rial to me. Among the signers 1 see the name of
Enoch Tucker, and I would state that, if there fcje
a man whose sufferings could entitle him to a tract
of land, this soldier was that man. Jn Dudley's
defeat he was woundi-d in the knee so that the
limb would bend backward as well as forward,
and in that situation he hobbled about three miles,
aided by two or three soldiers. He ultimately
lost his limb, but his life was saved, and he is now
a respectable citizen. He is one of the memorial-
ists, and they state that they earned munitions of
the army on the snow, on sleds, to the back part
of what is now Michigan, and they performed
other toils of a similar character.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. PEAIICE presented the memorial of the
heirs of Alexander Martin, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. P. also presented the petition of James
Wilson, surviving partner of William Wilson &
Sons, and the petition of Benjamin N. Hodges,
surviving partner of Hodges & Lansdale, asking
compensation for tobacco destroyed by the enemy
in the year 1814; which weie referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of citizens
of Lexington, in the State of Kentucky, asking
that Columbus, in that State, may be made ihe
eastern termir.us of the proposed railroad to the
Pacific ocean; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of James A.
Goff, asking compensation for horses impressed
into the public service during the Seminole war;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. Y. also presented additional documents in
relation to the claim of Robert Butler; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Moses Carlton, asking indemnity for French spo-
liations prior tp 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on the subject.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Sarah Ladd, ,
mother of James M. Ladd, late an officer in the
navy, asking to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions. 1
Mr. B. further presented five petitions of citi-.J
zens of Bath, Maine, asking that the spirit ration !
in the navy may be abolished. . j
Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of Lewis-j
Ralston, head of the Cherokee family, asking to*
f Senate> be referred to the Commute® on Military
'/Affairs, 3
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That the petition of John H. Ea?tin,on the files
of the Senate, he referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN,
Ordered, That the petition of A. Cowen, and other heirs
of Robert Lilly, on the file* of the Senate, he taken there-
from and referred to Hie Committee on Pennons..
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN,
Ordered, That the petition of Oliver Tucker, on the files
of the Senate, be taken theiefrom and tefened to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That ihe Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
chnitfed from the further consideration of ihe petition of the
President and Directors of the Tredegar Ir< n Company, of
Richmond, Virginia, and that it be referred to the Committee
of Ci.ums.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant
to the State of Arkansas the public lands remain-
ing unsold, on account of the overflows in that
State, reported back the same with an amendment,
striking out all after the enacting clause and chan-
ging the title so as to read " A bill to enable the
•State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits,** accompanied
by a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill allowing exchanges of and grant-
ing additional school lands in the State of Arkan-
sas, reported back the same with amendments, ac-
companied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BALDWIN,fromtheCommitteeon Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Allen G.
Johnson, reported a bill for his relief, accompanied
by a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of H. L. Ken-
drick, a major in the army, asking to be allowed
a credit for public money stolen while in his pos-
session, in Mexico, reported a bill for his relief,
accompanied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee of Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of George W. Jones, as attorney for certain heirs,
reported a bill for the relief of the le^al represent-
atives of John Rice Jones, deceased ; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit*
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred a
resolution in relation to fortifications on Dauphin
Island, reported a bill to provide for the fortifica-
tion of Ship Island, off the coast of Mississippi,
accompanied by a leport; which was ordered to
be printed.
STEAMSHIP UNITED STATES.
Mr. KING. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to which was referred the memorial of
Conrad W. Faber, Leopold Biersvith, and Theo-
dore Victor, asking to be released from bonds
given by them, not to carry out of the port of
New York the steamship United States, have in-
structed me to present a report. It appears that
the steamship "United States" had been built
under a contract of the Confederated Government
of the German Empire. The committee do not
instruct me tosay whether these bonds were piop-
erly executed or not; but they have come to the
conclusion that whether or not it was proper to
requite these bonds, it is now pioper that the
memorialists should be released from them, and
from any further obligation to which these bonds
would subject them. The ship is gone, and these
bonds are so worried as to render those individuals
liable at any future time if that vessel should be
employed in war against any nation with whom-
we might be at peace. A bill also for this pur-
pose was referred to the same committee to which
the memorial was referred, and I am directed to
report back the bill m order that it may take its
regular course.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, fiom the Select
Committee on the Census, to which were referred
documents relative to the subject, reported a bill
providing for taking the seventh Census.
The bill was read the first and second time by
its title.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
the Senate must see that this matter requires early
consideration, in order that a law may be passed
