t U
£HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
render of such fugitives when they escaped into
other States. This is not the only clause of (he
Constitution bearing upon stave property. Far
from it. These very States, now non-slaveholdiug
States, when they became parties <o thateompact,
not only with their eyes open and their interests
awakened, conceded to the slaveholding States im-
portant privileges and advantages, but for which
thsy derived .ample equivalents. These very peo-
ple who are now so sensitive to freedom*—whose
unwilling oars will not bear the name of slave—
these very people negotiated upon the basis of
slave property, and received ample consideration
for the privileges and securities we now vainly in-
voke. Why, sir, they yielded to the southern
States a representation based upon this property.
They did more, sir; they agreed by this compact
to withdraw from the control of Congress alto-
gether, for twenty years, the right to prohibit the
introduction of slaves from abroad; and they went
further, and bound themselves under the solemn
stipulations of the instrument, that when slaves
escaped from one State to another, they should be
delivered up, and for this and every concession
they received most ample equivalents. They re-
''ceived that equivalent alluded to by the Senator,
who sits before me, the Senator from South Caro-
lina, {Mr. BaTLEfi.,]-thesubstitution of an ordinary
majority for a majority of two-thirds in all laws
affecting commerce and navigation; and many of
them received still more extraordinary equivalents
in a concession to all the States, whatever their
size may be, of an equality of representation in
this body. One of the greatest difficulties that
stood in the way of those who framed this instru-
ment, was the demand upon the part of the eastern
States, or many of them at least, for an equality
of representation in the Senate; and not only was
this equality conceded, but the further security was
given, that such equality should not be destroyed
by any future amendment to the Constitution, with-
out the consent of the State to be affected by it.
These were the equivalents that were given by
those who were then comparatively in power—the
slaveholding States—for the guarantees we are now
seeking to enforce. How stands the case now?
' It is my fortune to come from a State bordering
north and west upon the States of Pennsylvania
and Ohio, one of them now no longer holding
slaves, and the other curved out of the Northwest-
ern Territory, where slaves were nev^r introduced;
and it is a matter known to every man and child
in the Commonwealth of Virginia, that it is just
fts impossible to recover a fugitive slave now in
either of those States as it would be to bring him
up from the depths of the sea. Look at the law
that was passed in the year '93, now upon our
statute-books. Is it not a dead letter in most, if
not in all the non-slaveholding States? They have
prohibited their officers under pain of fine and im-
prisonment from executing this law. And it is in
such spirit that this law, resting on the'Constituiion,
is treated by those who content themselves with
pharisaical expressions, while they taunt us with
want of loyalty to the Constitution. The slavehold-
ing States in pursuit of their property (or the citi-
zens of those States) into States where slaves are
not held are treated not only as aliens, but as
enemies; and that feeling is fostered among the
people at every session of their Legislatures. This
feeling, Mr. President, seems to have grown up
gradually. There was a time, sir, when the States
felt towards each other really as si&ter States, as
they are generally called, having a community of
interest in the compact under which they are fed-
erated, and a community of purpose to enforce it.
The State of Pennsylvania—the State which I be-
lieve stands m advane'e of all others in a determined
spiut of icsistance to this clause of the Constitution
—so late as the year 1780, before the Constitution
went into effect, m her law for the abolition of
slavery within that State, reserved a clause to pro-
tect the citizens of those States in this right of re-
capture of fugitives. 1 will read it, sir. 1 desire
that it may go into the history of the country, as
well as upon the statute-books of that State. This
is the clause:
Sec 14. That this act, or anything hei<in contained,
fehall not give any relief oj j-Mter to any absconding or run-
away negro or mulatto slave or servant, who has absconded
or strait abscond imnselt' from his or her owner or master or
Kjistrcss residing in any other Stato or county ; but tueh
ownci, master,or mi-tre^.s *hall have like light and aid to
demand, claim, and take away In* slave oi servant, as he
bavehad  i case this act had not beeummJe.—-Law of
1?80, for abjliakiag shivery in, Penntyloartui.
Yes, sir, such was the spirit of Pennsylvania in
1780, at a time when she was under no obligations
to pass such law, because it was before the adop-
tion of the present Constitution. It was the spirit
which then regulated the intercourse of the States,
hefore they were federated under the present Con-
stitution, before they had entered into that wrong
act, the ordinances of which we now vainly seek
to enforce. Reclamation of a slave by his master
was treated as a right, and to aid him prescribed
as a duty.
Mr. President, in my reading of these clauses
of the Constitution for extradition of fugitives of
both classes, I advance the confident opinion that
it devolves upon the States the duty of providing
by law both for their capture and delivery. It
devolves this as a duty upon the States—a duty,
I admit, as civilians terra it, of imperfect obliga-
tion, but although of imperfect obligation in the
technicality of law, a duty of higher obligation,
in fact, than if it could be enforced by legal sanc-
tion—a duty founded in honor, in loyalty, and in
good faith between nation and nation. It is one
of those duties devolved upon the States to be per-
formed, under the obligations of honor and good
faith—obligations which the forum of honor alone
can enfoice.
Let us look at the language of the law of '93.
The first clause for the extradition-offugitives from
justice provides that, upon the demand of the Ex-
ecutive of the State, they shall " be delivered up."
By whom? No party is prescribed by that clause
by whom such delivery is to be made—none. The
language of the second clause, which relates to the
extradition of fugitives from labor, is in the same
terms, that they shall " be delivered up." By
whom? No party is prescribed in that clause by
whom they shall be delivered up. To whom is it
addressed? It is addressed to the jurisdiction of
the State into which the fugitive may escape. It is
addressed to the sovereign power of that State; and
the mandate is, that they shall " be delivered up."
Sir, this very exposition of it has been made by
the Congress of the United States within four
years, after the adoption of the Constitution, by
the passage of the act of 1793. By that act it is
made the duty of the executive of the State to " de-
liver up"& fugitive'from justice, and it is made
the duty of the judicial officers of the State, as
well as of the Federal Government, to furnish the
necessary legal process for the surrender of the fu-
gitive from labor. Now, sii, it is said by these
States—I believe by all of them, though it is by no
means my purpose here to arraign them—(1 admit
that they are sovereign and independent States,
and. that they are bound by no ties but those which
bind them in honor and good faith, unless the
Federal legislation can operate mediately upon
their people—they say, sir, by their legislation,
that Congress has no powertorfmpose duties upon
the State officers. The law of the State of Penn-
sylvania, of Massachusetts, and t beheveof other
States, declares that, if any officer of the State ex-
ecute the law of 1793, so far as fugitives fiom labor
are concerned, they shall be fined and imprisoned;
i denying not only the benefit of the exercise of the
! State authority for the surrender of these fugitives,
but denying to the General Government the power
; to impose such duties upon them.
| How is it, sir, in relation to that part of the law
I of 1793 which relates to fugitives from justice?
| That law impcises the duty of surrender upon the
: executive authority of the State. Has Congress
| any more power to impose that duty upon the ex-
I ecutive authority than upon the judicial authority ?
I None whatever; and yet we find no legislation of
; these non-slaveholding States directed to that ex-
' ercise of the Federal power. And why ? Because
it is a subject in which they are all interested. All
the States are interested in the surrender of fuiri-
i lives from justice; but as to the other clause, such
; interest resides only in the slaveholding States,
and because of the absence of a common interest,
! so much of the law as affects fugitives from labor
' is, in fact, nullified by the non-slaveholding States.
I am aware, Mr. President, it has been said—and
I think by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Phelps,] who delivered so able an argument upon
kindred topics the other day—that the Supreme
Couit of the United States has denied that the
States have any right to legislate for the surrender
of fugitives from labor. Sir, 1 read those decisions
very differently. The Supreme Court has decided
this, and 110 more. In the case cited by that hon-
orable gentleman—a case really between the States
of Maryland and Pennsylvania, though entitled
the case of Priggus. The Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania—the Supreme Court has decided this, and
nothing more. It has decided that any law of the
State of Pennsylvania, imprisoning or subjecting
to any punishment a citizen of another State who
comes into Pennsylvania and takes possession
there of his property, being a slave, is unconstitu-
tional; and that is all of it. The case, 3ir, was
simply this 
Mr. PHELPS. Will the Senator indulge^me ?
I think the Senator has misconceived my argu-
ment. My position is this, simply: that as I un-
derstand the decision of the Supreme Court, it is
not obligatory upon the States to legislate for the
enforcement of the law. That was the proposition
I maintained.
Mr. MASON. I do not so understand that de-
cision. I do not understand the Supreme Court to
have decided, by any means, that there is no obli-
gation on the States to provide, by their laws, for
the surrender of fugitives from labor: first, because
they have not the power so to decide; and, sec-
ondly, because the case did not call for it. The
Supreme Court has only said, through Judge
Story, who delivered the opinion, that there were
no means under the Constitution of coercing the
States to provide by law for the delivery of this
class of fugitives- I am very far from understand-
ing that it has ever been said by the Supreme
Court, or by any of its Justices, that it was not
the duty of the States so to provide by law, although
they cannot be* coerced. The court'has only
said, that any provision in the State laws in con-
travention (not in support) of this clause of the
Constitution is unconstitutional and void.
As I was about to say, the case before the Su-
preme Court was simply this: By a law of Penn-
sylvania, passed in 1826, it was enacted by section
two, that if any person should, within the limits
of that State, take and carry away any negro or
mulatto by force and violence, &c., he should be
deemed, on conviction, guilty of felony, and pun-
ished by fine and imprisonment at servile labor.
Prigg went into the-State of Pennsylvania, as the
agent of a Maryland claimant. He obtained a
warrant from the proper officer under that law of
1826 to arrest the fugitive; and when arrested, he
was taken before a justice of the peace, as re-
quired bv the law, tiut the justice refused to act.
The agent then, as he had a perfect right to do,
brought the slave beyond the limits of Pennsylva-
nia; and, for so doing, he was indicted in Penn-
sylvania under the first section of the act. The
decision of the Supreme Court was upon the single
point, that as the claimant had a right to take his
property wherever found, and without previous
warrant of law, the act of the State making such
taking an offence was unconstitutional and void.
I think that will be found to be really the point
judicially decided in that case,
I have said, however, Mr. President, that ac-
cording to my interpretation of this law of the
Constitution, it imposes a duty upon the States of
providing for the capture and surrender of fugi-
tives fiom labor as well as of fugitives from justice.
Sir, the law of 1793, the only law passed by Con-
gress upon that subject, was passed, as we know
historically, in consequence of a call made by the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania upon the State
of Virginia, I think in the year 1792, for the sur-
sender of a fugitive from justice. The Governor
of Virginia replied, that without some legislation,
either by the State of Virginia or by the Congress
of the United States, he had no power to order
the arrest of any free person within the State of
Virginia. General Washington, to whom the
Governor of Pennsylvania communicated the re-
ply of the Governor of Virginia, submitted it to
the Congress of the United States, and the opin-
ion of Edmund Randolph, then Attorney General,
was taken upon it. That Attorney General,
known to the country as an able lawyer, had been
a member of the convention which formed the
Constitution; and the following extract from his
opinion will show that he understood the Consti-
tution, as it applied to fugitives from justice, de-
volved this duty of delivery upon the States:
" I differ, further, in not dircoreriii<; the disability of Vir-
ginia to deliver up tlic offenders. It has been sometimes
fancied that by delivering up 11 meant oniy titat tile State
tioiri which the demand is made should expre.-s an appro-
bation, that they may be apprehended within ih territories.
But as a State cannot be said to deliver up without being
