THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION/
31st Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 8, 1850.
New Series No.
vided the officers attached to the navy-yards with
a certain limited quantity of furniture, and that is
no more than is allowed to accommodate officers
on board ships. The navy-yards are public prop-
erty, and the officers cannot build houses. The
Government, therefore, provides these houses,
and also a limited quantity of furniture for the use
of the officers, who go there perhaps to-day and
leave to-morrow. No officers can go there with
their own furnitufe. This is all the'objection the
Senator makes, 1 believe, and it is due to the de-
p§rtment that I should explain it.
Mr. HALE. These considerations, if proper,
are proper for the action of Congress, and not for
that_ of the Navy Department. By that act of
1835 the pay of the officers was greatly raised,
and it is impossible for language to prohibit an
allowance of anything further than is provided by
that act, if that act does not, do it. But the Secre-
tary of the Navy comes in and makes an allow-
ance of §1,571. I want to read the special in-
structions:
" All officer* <ire expected to oxereise a sound discretion
and ptoppi ecmnmyin furnishing their houses, and wiion
any article ol furniture can be prueuied of suitable quahly
for less than tin1 maximum of the sum allowed by Quvern-
-ntrsit, they -h aild consider themselves bound m honor to
purchase that article in prelei'-nce to one of a higher
price."
J do not know why the Judges of the Supreme
Court, and the President of the United States, and
every other officer of the General Government,
may not, oil the plea that it is necessary and
proper that this furniture should be allowed to
them, furnish their houses to any extent to suit
themselves. If it is proper, let it be allowed by
law The resolution is one of inquiry merely.
Mr. PRATT. I think tiie Senator from New
Hampshire has entirely misconstrued the law to
which he has referred. It is as follows:
" That no allowance shall hereafter be made to any
officer ill the naval service of the United States, lor draw-
ing bills, for rcceivinc or di-ilmiMng money, or transacting
any badness for the Governmental the United States: nor
shall he be allowed servants, or pay for servants-, or cloth-
ing or rations lor them, or pay lor the same."
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator read the next
clause?
Mr. PRATT read as follows:
" It is hereby expressly declared that the yearly allowance
provided in this act id all the pav, compensation and
allowance that shall be received, uuder any circumstances
whatever, by any such officer or person, except for travel-
ing expenses when under orders, for which ten cents per
nine shall be allowed."
Now, I apprehend that this act does not forbid
the Secretary of the Navy from causing to be fur-
nished the quarters of the officers of the navy at
the various naval stations. This iaw is intended,
so (ay as it applies to the furniture, to the renting
of furniture, and not to the purchasing of it to
furnish the houses of the Government. I know
the commander of a naval station, which station
was furnished by the Government, and where he
thought proper to furnish better furniture and to
pay the extra price out of his own pocket. TJfe
house was erected years ago for the commandant
at this station, and it has been the practice of
the Government to furnish it at the expense of
the Government. If it weretiot so, it would be
impossible for a commander in the navy to take
charge of one of these stations; forit^ould take
his entire pay to furnish them. Such, I am sure,
is not the intention, nor the spirit of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the passage of this resolution.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that the question may be
taken by a division. I regard the resolution not
only as an imputation uponthe officers of the navy, !
bu£ an imputation upon all connected with the
naval administration. I do not want to see such
an imputation rest upon them.
Mr. FOOTE. I would be much pleased to have
an opportunity to examine this resolution, and
the subject to which it relates, and for this pur- :
pose I move that it be laid upon the table for the
present.
The question was then taken on the motion of!
Mr. Foote, to lay the resolution on the table, and
there were ayes 21, noes not counted.
84
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed
to.
NEW MEXICO.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution submitted by
Mr. Cass, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on MihtryK Affairs be in-
structed t<> inquire into the expediency of prohibitini; by law
any oflicer ol the army hum assuming or exercising, vi-hin
ihe limits of the (Jniled Stdtc.s, any civil power or authority
not confetred by an act of Cons£re?s,and of providing an ad-
equate punishment for such offence*.
Mr. HOUSTON Mr. President, it was my
intention this morning to have proceeded with my
remarks and conclude what I have to say on this
resolution. But, owing to the fact that the morn-
ing hour has nearly elapsed, and that it will be but
a few^minutes until the order of the day be called
for, I will not proceed now, but will rely on the
courtesy of the Senate to-morrow to take up the
resolution early in the day, in order that i may
then be enabled to make what few remarks I
have to make. I therefore move to postpone the
further consideration of this resolution until to-
morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMISSIONER OF DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I submit the fol-
lowing resolution. It is of a very important na-
ture, and I hope it will be now considered:
Revolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rel.uions be in-
structed to inquire into tile expediency of appointing a spe-
cial agent or conm i £.ioner ol the United Slates to reside
near the Government ol the Dunniwan Kepubho; and al?o
a« to the exp"di(tncy < 1 placing at the di-po-a! ol the Presi-
dent a competent naval foice lor the p!iipo<eol coercing
the payment of just claims of citizens of the United State!
against Ilayti.
The motion to consider at this time was agteed
to.
Mr. WEBSTER. This resolution opens a
very broad question relating to the expediency
and propriety of enforcing the payment of private
debts by public force. It is a question upon
which I shall desire to say a few words. It is the
very question that has been likely for some time
past to bring about a great disruption of amity be-
tween the principal Powers of Europe The idea
of enforcing the payment of private debts by pub-
lic force is a matter, I can assure my honorable
friend, that requires great consideration. I should
be glad if the resolution would lie over.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I will consent to
the postponement of the resolution, if the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts still desires it,
after I have made an explanation of it.
There is a large amount of information on this
subject, of a most valuable and interesting charac-
ter, recently obtained by the Department of {State,
through the medium of a special agent—embracing
a great variety of facts of the utmost importance.
I learn that if this matter be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the Secretary of
State will make it his business to attend before the
committee in person and exhibit all the informa-
tion in his possession, so as to enable the commit-
tee to act understandingly on the subject.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to that part of the resolution. But what I
referred to was that part of it which proposed to
put an armed force at the disposition of the Presi-f
dent to compel the performance of stipulations en-
tered into with American citizens.
Mr. FOOTE. The lesolution is simply one of
inquiry.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, as the Senator
from Mississippi has said, this is simply a resolu-
tion of inquiry. As the Senator from Massachu-
setts has stated, there is no objection to the first
portion of the resolution. 'In regard to the second
portion, I cannot well see what objection there can
be to referring this matter to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. It does not contemplate a
coercion for the payment of debts due from a
foreign Government to citizens of the United
States. As I understand it, the claim that we
have against the government of Hayti grows out
of certain regulations made there, which are con-
sidered to be altogether unjust and improper. It
is not to use armed force to coerce the payment of
any contract or arrangement between the citizens
of the United States and the republic of Ejayti.
How far the employment of any such force'&t all
would be necessary, would be a question for the
consideration of the committee.
Mr. WEBSTER. The course of thesis things
is progressive. If nothing be said before this-
matter be referred to a committee, nothing will
probably be said afterwards. And I think this is
a subject which deserves a good deal of considera-
tion. I would be glad if this resolution would lie
over until to-morrow. I therefore make tjmt mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu- •
tion, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by Jaw
that naval timber for building and repairing publieships be
proeuied and stored at the imvy->ard at Pensacola, Florida,,
in hke manner as at other navy-yards.
RAILROAD IN ALABAMA.
Mr. CLEMENS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the
right of way and making a donation of land to the
State of Alabama, in aid of the construction of the
Girard Railroad; which was read a first and sccond
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MORTON g&ve notice that he would to-
morrow, or some early day thereafter, ask leave
to introduce a bill to amend the act entitled " An
act to provide for the punishment of offences com-
mitted in cutting, destroying, or removing live-oak,
and other timber or trees reserved for naval pur-
poses," approved March 2, 1837.
EDITORS5 ADMISSION TO THE SENATE.
Mr. DAWSON submitted till following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the editors of the newspaper styled " Th«
Southern Press" have the usual privileges of the floor of
the Senate granted other editors of newspapers in this city.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend that resolution
by inserting after the words <s Southern Press"
the words 44 and the editor of the National Era."
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to the consideration
of the resolution at this time.
The resolution was accordingly laid over under
the lules.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the following resolution,
submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives do adjodrn their
respective Houses on Thursday, the first day of August
next, at twelve o'clock, jneridian.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I should be very
glad to learn what view has been taken by the
honorable Senator from Florida of the actual state
of the public business, and the probability, by the
time proposed m that resolution, of disposing of
it, which is indispensable to the public service.
There are questions in relation to the. formation
of territorial governments in our recently—ac-
quired acquisitions from Mexico; there are ques-
tions relating to the subject of slavery within the
United States and in these Territories*, and I do
trust that, Congress will not think of an adjourn-
ment, without some final and decisive adjustment
of these questions, or at least the ascertainment of
the utter impracticability of settling any of these
questions. Besides, there are the appropriation
bills, with respect to which I believe no pzogress
has been made—bills which ordinarily have occu-
pied of themselves more time than will elapse be-
tween now and the time proposed for the adjourn-
ment.
Indeed, with any view which 1 can take
condition of public affairs, I think nothing woaja
be more inexpedient than for the Senate
time to commit itself to any day of adjaufftsfisnt#
but especially one so near at hand aa waish is
