1850.
the congressional olobe.
48*
active—and it might disturb the tranquility of one State if
the. officers of another were at liberty to seize a criminal
withm its limits—the natural and safe interpretation is,
that the delivery must some irom Virginia."—infract from
the Opinion of Edmund Randolph.
Now, sir, the delivery must be made by Vir-
ginia as a State, exercising a control oyer the sub-
ject to be delivered, and -having power to effect
it. The language is, " the delivery must come
from Virginia," clearly indicating as he read the
Constitution, that^Virginia owed this duty, and
was bound, under^the terms of the Constitution,
to perform it.
Sir, J[ will submit it to any lawyer or statesman
to examine these two clauses of the Constitution—
one requiring that fugitives from justice should be
" delivered up," and the other requiring that fugi-
tives fromJabor should be "delivered up,"—and
to point to any distinction whatever between them
that would devolve the duty of delivery upon a
State in the one case, and that would relieve the
State from the duty of delivery in the other. The
language in both is the same; and this Govern-
ment^has just as much right to require of the ex-
ecutive of the States that they shall deliver up
fugitives from labor, as to require of the executive
that they shall deliver up fugitives from justice—
just as much.
Sir, I agree, that the Federal Government has no
power to impose duties of any kind upon the offi-
cers of the State governments as such; and to this
extent the law of 1793 was badly devised. But it
is worthy of remark, that the States forbidding
their officers to execute that law have confined
their prohibition altogether to so much of, the law
as relates to fugitive slaves, leaving unaffected so
much of it as relates to fugitives from labor—a
most selfish distinction, indeed, which will allow
the execution of so much of a law as benefits
themselves, and forbids the execution of so much
of the same law as will benefit others.
I say, then, sir, that the true intent of the Con-
stitution was to devolve it upon the States as a
federal duty to enforce, by their own laws, within
their respective limits, both these clauses of extra-
dition; and that they are just as delinquent to
honor and faith in their refusal to enforce the one,
as they would be in a refusal to enforce '.he other.
Now, Mr. President, what is the actual con-
dition of this subject in the non-slaveholding
States ? I have endeavored, as far as I am com-
petent to do so, to show what duties the Consti-
tution devolves upon them. But, sir, I do not
mean to arraign these States; I have no power to
do so, and less disposition. But I am bound to
point to their legislation, and to show the existing
state of this question. I will take the State of
Pennsylvania, not from any feeling of hostility to-
wards her, but because, so far as the' State of
Virginia is concerned—the State which 1, in part,
represent here—Pennsylvania is the great offender.
I have shown what was the spirit of the people of
Pennsylvania before the Constitution was formed.
I have to show what it is now, un^er that Constitu-
tion. In 1826, a law was passed, as I have said,
furnishing authority to the officers of the State of
Pennsylvania for the capture and surrender of fu-
gitive slaves. In 1847, that law was repealed—
repealed in toto—-so far as any aid was given to
the claimant in the reclamation of his property;
and not repealed only, but it was made a felonious
offence in any officer of the State government
to execute any of the provisions of the Federal law
upon that subject—the provisions of the law of
1793—under the penalty of fine and imprisonment
at servile labor. Sir, the State went further. It
made it an offence, punishable by fine and impris-
onment, for the keeper of any jail to permit a fu-
gitive from labor, arrested in the State of Pennsyl-
vania., to be confined in the jail.
Now, Mr. President, what are the rights se-
cured by the Constitution to the master whose
slave escapes from his service into another State ?
Desiring, sir, to be very accurate upon this sub-
ject, I have written down what I understand to be
the right of the owner in the recapture of a fugi-
tive slave within the limits of any and every State
of the Union.
Mr. M. here read from a paper as follows :
The Constitution of the United States secures to
the master the same right of property in his slave,
and to beenjoyedand exercised to the same extent,
and with thesame incidents, when the slave escapes
to another State, which he held in the State from
which he fled, so far a3 recapture is concerned.
He may take him wherever he is found by virtue
of ownership, and without an,y warrrant or other
process ill law.
None has a right to interpose between the claim-
ant and the fugitive, or to inquire whether the
slave be his, or whether he is a slave at all, far less
to molest or hinder him in the capture.
He may enter peaceably any enclosure or dwell-
ing where such slave may be found for the purpose
of taking him,and this without committing a tres-
He may use whatever force may be necessary
to effect the capture, without committing thereby
a breach of the peace; and if force be offered by
the slave or others, he may resist it to any extent
that may be necessary to secure the possession of
his property.
These rights and this authority are incident to
the rights of property; and the law of the Consti-
tution secures the owner in the exercise of them
against any hostile law of the State to which the
stave may flee, should such law be.
The Constitution does not confer these rights;
they are antecedent to the Constitution, ana arise
as incidents to property under the laws of the State
whence the slave escapes. They have their sanc-
tion in the law of the domicil.
The Constitution, however, as the supreme law,
recognizes this right of property, and carries its
obligations and its incidents, for all purposes of
reclamation, into every State in the Union, and
make the law of the domicile, quo ad hoc, the law
of every State in the Union.
These, I understand, sir, are the rights that pertain
to the owner of a slave,when he pursues himwith-
m the limits of a non-slaveholiiing Slate—rights
secured to him by the fundamental law which
binds the States together under a common govern-
ment. But of what earthly avail is it to point to
such guaranty, whilst the States are wanting ill
faith to each, other—when not only are their citi-
zens forbidden to execute the laws made in support
of the Constitution, but legislative bodies are vying
with each other to defeat it? Much, therefore, as
I may deplore the occasion which gives it utter-
ance, at this day, and m this presence, I am yet
bound to declare, as impartial history will record,
that the legislation of the States referred to is de-
signet! and intended to encourage their people in
depredation upon the property of others.
Sir, it had been supposed that the-days of piracy
and of buccaneers were over. But what shadow
of difference is there between plundering on the
high seas in defiance of law, and plundering on
your own confines under the protestion of law?
I do not state the proposition too strongly, for, in
the degree of crime, I can perceive no difference
between a robbery by force and a robbery by
fraud; or if there be, the latter only carries with
it the more odious feature of deception and false-
hood.
But, sir, desiring to place the law ef this ques-
tion in the clearest light, I may be pardoned for
citing here the opinions of the ablest jurists from
the very States where these enormities are perpe-
trated under the sanction of law. I will read a
short paragraph from an opinion delivered by the j
late Judge Baldwin, of the Supreme Court, while
sitting as a circuit judge in the State of Pennsyl-
vania—a gentleman to whose high character and j
learning a just tribute was paid on a late day by the j
distinguished Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass;] j
and after it, an extract from an opinion of Judge (
Story: '
'■ The t.iw of the land recognizes the right of one man to I
hold anotbet in bondage, and that risht must be protected j
Horn violation. consequence of this right of propel ty,
the owner may keep posses-ion in'liis slave ; it he absconds,
he mav retake lmri by pursuit into another State, and may
bind or secure turn in any other way to prevenl his second
escape; he may anest him by the use of as much force as
is'necessaiy to t'ffpel his leclamahon ; he may enter peace-
ablv on the property or into the house of another, taking
care to commit no breach of the peace againstthiid persons.
But it is no breach of the peace to u-e as much force or
coercion toward the fugitive as suffices for his security, as
without such force no slave could be retaken witliouL his
consent."—Baldwin's, Rep., vol. 1, jr. 577.
Judge Story, delivering the opinion of the court
in the case of Prigg vs. The Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, places the right to recapture a slave
under the Constitution, in what State soever he
may be found, on the same ground, that, at com-
mon law, the owner may take his goods and chat-
tels, or the master his servant orapprentice, where-
ever he happens to find them—and adds;
" Upon this ground we have not the slightest hesitation in
holding, that under and in virtue of- the Constitution, the
owner of a slave is clothed with entire amhority, in every
State in the Ufliou, to seize and recapture ms slave, when-
ever he cati' do ft without any breach of the peace ©r any
illegal violence, fn this sense and to this extent, this clause
of the Constitution may properly be said to execute ftsel/j
and to require no aid from legislation, State or national."
Such,-sir, being the undoubted law of the ques-
tion before us, based as it is upon the broad foun-
dation of the Government itself, I maysafely hold,
if the Constitution, under which it arises*, be of
any benefit, if it is worthy of any respeftt—far
more, if it is worthy of the commendation so frfeely
bestowed upon it at the present day, and for cer-
tain purposes, by the citizens of those States,'who
claim to be exclusively loyal, theyshould at least
treat it as the law of the land, and render to it a
decent obedience. Mr. President", the bill reported
by the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
is the same that was brought in from that commit-
tee at both sessions of the last Congress. I intro-
duced it as their bill. I thought respect to the
committee-required it; but I thought it due to sug-
gest to that committee certain amendments which
will be found accompanying the bill, upon the
printed documents before us, and without which
I fear the law would be of very little value. Sir, I
do not know the object is to be attained. I do not
know any class of officers that can be'provided to
execute this law, but the class provided in the bifj.
We must have Federal officers, because the States
affected will not permit their own officers' to exe-
cute a law of this Government. '
And yet when we have done all this, unless the-
spirit of their people and their Legislatures comes
in aid, it will be a law perfectly illusory. Why,
sir, what has been brought into view upon this
subject, since Congress has been assembled ? The
Governor of the State of Maryland, in a communi-
cation to the General Assembly of that State, tella
them that "a citizen of the State of Maryland is now
in jail, and in irons, in the State of Pennsylvania,
because he brought off a fugitive slave from that
State, some two years ago; and the Governor has
recommended to the General Assembly, and the
General Assembly has adopted his recommenda-
tion, to send a special messenger or minister to the
county where he is confined, to see that he has
proper counsel employed, and to pay the expenses
of his defence. • And yet another recent case in the
i State of New York: Another citizen of-the State
of Maryland—a gentleman well known to me—
found his slave in the city of New York, and cap-
tured him, as he had a perfect right to do; a habeas
corpus was issued in behalf of the fugitive slave,
and he was taken before a judge of the Supreme
Court of that State—the highest judicial function-
ary. The claimant proved his property beyond
all doubt, and it was admitted; and they required
then, before the slave should be surrendered, that
he should prove—what, sir > Why, what at this
day of the enlightened administration of laws will
hardly be credited: he was required to prove in
the State of New York that Maryland was a slave
State. Well, sir, he adduced the printed statute-
book of the State from some library in the, city,
and then by oral evidence further proved by one
conversant with the laws of Maryland, that slavery
of the African race was recognized and sanctioned
by them. But all this proof, unwarranted as was
the demand to produce it, availed him nothing.
He was told that it was no proof; that nothing
would be admitted to show that slavery was recog-
nized as the law of Maryland but a copy of a
statute exemplified in the manner prescribed by
the laws of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. Who was the judge?
Mr. MASON. I have taken the narrative from
the message of the Governor of Maryland, which
ascribes this conduct to a judge of the Supreme
Court of New York; but it does not give his
name.
Mr. SEWARD. It was Judge Edmonds.
Mr. MASON. No such law could be pro-
duced—no such law, I apprehend, exists as a law
creating the institution of slavery in the State of
Maryland; and because no such law could be pro-
duced, the fugitive was discharged upon habeas
corpus'. I an/happy to learn, sir, that the rioblo
State of Maryland at once interposed herself be-
tween her injured citizen and this wanton abuse of
law. It was ordered by her Legislature that thd
claim should be fully prosecuted at the expense of
the State, and that the claimant should be reim-
bursed in all expenses he had incurred in the effort
thus made to recover his property.
