1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %
proposed. There is no member of thii body more
anxious than I am that this session of Congress
should come to a termination. But I would as
sOon quit the field of battle at the moment when
our arms were directed against a foreign enemy,
and when it was my duty to expose my life to the
utmost hazard—1 would as soon, aye sooner, flee
from such'a field of battle, than 1 would quit my
post here, and leave the country in the position in
which it would be left if we do not settle these mat-
ters.
Sir, we are .without even any suggestion from
the honorable Senator from Florida of the possi-
bility of'accomplishing the great works which lie
before us, and which ought tQ be disposed of be-
fore we adjourn. It is with feelings of regret that
1 must say that we have not had the assistance of
the honorable Senator in our endeavors to settle
these agitating questions.
There.is an idea that, when there is a fixed day
of adjournment, some moral or parliamentary co-
► ercion will operate upon members, and compel
them to accelerate the dispatch of business. I can-
not act in reference to the great questions now
pending upon any such hope as that. Thinking,
then, that it would be altogether improper and
highly imprudent to fix at this time a day for the
adjournment of Congress, and especially to fix
such an early day, I move that the resolution now
under consideration be postponed until this day
fortnight. By that txfRe we shall, perhaps, be able
to have a clearer view of what remains to be done,
and of the time in which it can be done.
Mr. YULEE. 1 had not much expectation
when I called up the resolution that it could be
finally disposed of this morning, but I hoped that
it might at least elicit some expression of the pre-
vailing inclination of the Senate respecting a termi-
nation of the session. We have reached a period
in the session when it is desirable to have in view
a fixed day for the close of our labors. Very lit-
tle legislation has yet been perfected. With the
prospect before us of indefinite protraction of the
session, it is quite unlikely that the members of
the two Houses will direct their legislative action
to a point. It appeared to me that if it was prac-
ticable at all to obtain definite action at this session
upon the delicate and important questions to which
the Senator fron#Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has re-
ferred, the interval between this and the first, of
August would be sufficient. And, if it is found
impracticable by that time, why would the Sena-
tor desire to keep the members in session, excited
themselves, and, by their protracted conflict,
spreading increased excitement through the coun-
try? What could come of it? Will it not be
much better, after the reasonable efforts which
may be made during this month, if no adjustment
is found to be attainable, to pass the appropriation
bills, go home, take counsel of our constituents,
and return here, after an interval of quiet consid-
eration, with better knowledge of the disposition
of our people, and, it may be hoped, with more
reconcilable views of what is due to the interests
of our respective sections ? 1 appeal to the Senate
to consider whether (it being found impracticable
to arrange this matter by the time named) there
can be any hope that by a protraction of the strug-
gle through the dog-days any beneficial results can
be anticipated.
But the Senator thinks a vote should be taken
upon the bill he reported before a day is fixed, and
seems to apprehend that the adoption of this reso-
lution might embarrass that object. For one, I
can assure, the Senator that, so far from his having
n°,ed for this apprehension, I, for one, am ready;
and I dare say the disposition is pretty general to
take a vote upon his bill at an eaily day—to-day
or to-morrow, if the Senator pleases, or on any
other day he may choose now to propose. Theie
is no desire to delay, so far as I am informed.- I
have every disposition to let the vote be taken, so
far as I am concerned, and have been ready for the
question since the first day it was introduced. But
what hope can we have that the minds of the
members will be turned to the necessity of taking
up the appropriation bills, and shaping their action
towards a close, until a day of adjournment has
been agreed upon? Already the fiscal year is
closed, and the Government is resting- upon its
credit for support. Is itatall likely that the ways
and means will be looked to while an indefinite
protraction of the session is threatened, and the
minds of members of both Houses are absorbed
and excited by a struggle sucji as that which is
now in progress? There should be an end of all
things, and of a session of Congress with the rest.
It is much better to fix a day sufficiently remote
to afford a fair trial of our-ability to concur in a
settlement likely to satisfy the country; and if we
fail in it, to make the necessary fiscal arrangements
for the Government,, and adjourn. If the day I
propose is too near, the Senator can propose an-
other day.
The Sanator from Kentucky says my aid has
not been given towardsa settlement of the pending
question. I don't know what proper aid I have
withheld. At^ery early day in the session—in the
first month offi, I believe—while the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Phelps] was addressing the Senate
upon the general subject, I intimated in the hear-
ing of the Senator my willingness to agree to an
arrangement then to which but few of those I
mostly agree with were willing to submit. But
my offer was not met. It is true I have not been
able to give my aid to the Senator in carrying
through his plan of settlement. I have not re-
garded it as an adjustment which would be sat-
isfactory, or which ought to be satisfactory, to the
South, nor which would be likely to accomplish
the object declared by the Senator, of giving peace
to the country. But, although I cannot support
the pending bill, I have always been ready, always
anxious, and am now ready and anxious, to
facilitate the success of any measure which is to-
lerably just to the constituency I represent, and
which can secure the acquiescence of both sections
of the Union. No settlement will prove a meas-
ure of peace which docs not draw to its support
a sufficiently strong majority in both sections of
the Union to give permanency to its provisions,
and allay apprehension of further agitation. I
think it will be quite possible to decide whether
such a settlement is attainable within the period
named in the resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, it is possible
Congress may be able to adjourn by the time pro-
posed by the honorable member from Florida,
[Mr. Yulee;] but then it is by no means certain,
and therefore 1 think there is no occasion for
our designating a day on which we will adjourn.
The motion of the honorable member from Ken-
tucky is to postpone the consideration of the reso-
lution for a fortnight. Why should we not' We
can then judge better. We shall see better. We
shall then be able to "act more discreetly upon this
question than we can now. For my part, I am
as anxious to return to my own home as any man
can be, yet I am not prepared to fix on any day
of adjournment till 1 know something more of
what is to be the result of these great questions.
I only allude to them because, in fixing a lime of
adjournment, it is pertinent to take into considera-
tion the importance of the business before Con-
gress, and the uncertainly of when that business
can be accomplished. I concur entirely, not only
in the propriety, but the high expediency, and, I
had almost said, the necessity, of putting over the
decision upon this motion at present.
Mr. BERRIEN. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Florida, that it is desirable to have
an early adjournment of Congress, but I feel also
that it is indispensable for acting, and acting de-
cisively, upon these questions. The Senator from
Florida has, however, elicited an expression of
opinion from the Senate, and I suggest to him the
propriety of acquiescing in the motion to postpone
the consideration of his resolution to the day that
has been moved by my honorable friend from
Kentucky. By that time we shall have made
such an advance in this measure, if not brought it
to a close, as will enable us to decide whether we
can come to a satisfactory termination. Whilst
we are in this state of uncertainty, with great anx-
iety for the early- adjournment of Congress, I
should not be willing to vote for this resolution.
I hope the motion to postpone will be acquiesced
in.
Mr. HALE. I shall only occupy the floor for
a short time. I simply want to say that I concur
entirely in the views of the honorable Senator from
Florida, [Mr. Yulee,] and that I dissent entirely—
and I am very sorry to do it—from the views ex-
pressed by theSenator from Kentucky. [A laugh.]
i believe that if there is one single measure which
Congress can adopt, that will give peace and satis-
faction, and relief and comfort to the country, it is
an early adjournment of this Congress. 1 believe
that it would be better than all your measures of
compromise just to have an early adjournment of
this Congress. The whole mischief arises here.
We are like the doctor who was going to cure a
patient, and threw him into fits first, because of
his great skill in curing fits. [Laughter.] That
has been the case here. We have got up excite-
ment, and there is not half as'much as we think.
We come here and make loud speeches, some of
us  -
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) Yes, some of us.
Mr. HALE. And very often, too, some of us,
[great laughter,] and we fill the Chamber, and
imagine we are moving the country, and 'that
everybody is agitated because we have got into a
perspiration hearing ourselves talk. [Laughter.}
But the fact is, there is no such excitement in the
country. Not at all. The country is tired to
death of the talk we have been having here f$t
seven months, but I do not think the country is
really so excited as some of us might really wish.
If we want to cure the excitement, and do good
service to the country, as well as take care of our
own healths, we had better go home, and the
sooner the better. And that we may take time to
deliberate on it, I shall concur with my vote, so
far as the opinion of one so humble as myself is
concerned, in the postponement of the considera-
tion of the resolution for a fortnight, hoping that
it will then be taken up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word to say
upon this question. For one, I do not concur,
with the Senator from New Hampshire. I believe
that the people of this country want this question
settled. I do not think it so important to them
how it is settled, as that it should be settled, and
peace and quiet restored to the country. We can
settle it by voting as well as by speaking, and I
desire to settle it by voting. I can understand
that extreme men, whose political existence de-
pends upon agitation, may desire that these ques-
tions should be kept open; but the great mass of
the country, those whose interests are to be affect-
ed by it, desire that we should settle the question
at once, and then proceed to the other business
before us. For one, 1 never will vote to adjourn
till this question is settled, if we stay here till the
4th of March next; and I hope, therefore, the
Senate will fix no time to adjourn till we have had
a vote upon all these questions, and that, in the
mean time, we keep the power in our own hands
to adjourn when whe bhall have got through with
our business, and not before.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will allow me, 1
would suggest that a fortnight seems to me to be a
longer time of postponement than is necessary. If
the Senator will allow the resolution to be passed
over, (and we have reached the time now. for the
consideration of the oider of the day,) we might
by to-morrow morning agree on the day to be de-
signated. Perhaps we may see daylight by the
close of to-day, if this course be taken.
Mr. FOOTE. That course would be very un-
generous to the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] who wishes to occupy the morning hour to-
morrow. . I prefer, therefore, the postponement for
two weeks.
Mr. YULEE. Well, then, suppose it be post-
poned for one week instead of two.
'Several Senators: Oh, no, two weeks.
Mr. CLAY. I do not believe that in one week
we shall be prepared to decide this matter; two
weeks are indispensable.
The question was then taken,and the motion to
postpone agreed to.
#■
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the order of the day, being the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union,
to establish Territorial Governments for Utah and
New Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for
the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries. -
Mr. UPHAM resumed and concluded the speech
which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. SEWARD next addressed the Senate for
upwards of an hour and a half; after which
Mr. BELL obtained the floor, but gave way for
a motion to adjourn.
The further consideration ofthe subject was then
postponed until to-morrow at twelve'o'clock,and
Tile Senate adjourned.
[See Appendix for the speeches.]
