THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
Mr. DAYTON. I am willing to consume the j
few moments which remain in stating the abjections j
I have to this bill. My objections  |
Mr. BADGER. Will the honorable Senator
give way to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. DAYTON assented.
On motion, the further consideration of the Sub-
ject was then, postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER moved an adjournment; but
yielded to ,
Mr. DAWSON, who moved- that the Sertate go
into Executive session; 'Which motion was agreed
to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; ami after some time
so spent, the doors were reopened1, and
The- Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 29, 3850.
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the Commit-
tees for reports, when
Mr. BAYLY, fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
authouzed to employ a clerk, at the usual rare of compensa-
tion.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. BAYLY said he would merely remark that
up to this time he had been discharging the .duty
of clerk and chairman, a combination of duties
which had never been discharged by any other
chairman. The resolution was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill to re-
fund the fine imposed on the late Dr. Thomas
Cooper under the sedition law, to his legal repre-
sentatives; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
. Also, on motion by Mr. T., the said committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of George Collier and William G. Pe-
ters, praying payment of a draft drawn by Gov-
ernment, and it was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, on motion by Mr. T., the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the citizens of Eddyville, Ken-
tucky, for an appropriation to repair the dam at
the bead of Cumberland Island, and it was referred
to tiie Committee on Commerce.
-Mr. DUNHAM, from the Committee of Claims,
repmted a bill for the relief of Gideon Walker,
wi,i< h wa§ read twice, committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be |
printed. j
On motion by Mr. DANIEL, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Elisha Taylor and L. B.
Mizner, late officers, of the land office at De-
troit, praying that the existing law for locating
military hind wanants be altered; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Henry Disbrow;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of William Osborne, for compensation for
fighting the Indians; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
On motion of Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial adopted by the Soci-
ety of Friends, asking for the abolition of the army
and navy and milifaiy school at West Point, and the
abandonment of the fortifications, on the ground
of the sinfulness of war; and it was ordered to lie
on the table.
BREVET RANK RETIRED LIST.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to regulate brevet rank and to relieve re-
tired disabled officers of the army ; which was li
read twice, committed to the Committee of the \\
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to M
be printed. |!
Mr. GARTER, from the Committee on Mili- |j
tary Affairs, made an adverse report on the me-
morial of Joshua H. King, praymg compensation
for using his improved stock-turning machine;
which was orderd to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Joshua Follensby and B. F. Isherwood,
and for other purposes; which was read twice, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House,' and-
ordered to b#printed.
Mr. LA SERE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the captors
of the frigate Philadelphia; which was read twice,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
Committee on Commerce was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Robert
James, asking for the privilege of importing cer-
tain articles free of duty, and it was ordered to lie
on the table.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
; same committee was discharged from the further
| consideration of the memorial of Ichabod Goodwin
! and others, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, re-
} monstrating against abandoning the meridian of
Greenwich: and it was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs'.
On motion by Mr. McL., the same committee ;
was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the citizens of St. Louis, pray-
ing for the establishment of a commercial road
between the western limits of Missouri and Cali-
fornia on the Pacific Ocean; and it was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
RECIPROCITY OF TRADE.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the-Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill to admit cer-
tain articles of the growth or production of Cana-
' da into the United States free of duty, on condi-
tion that similar articles the growth and production
of the United States be admitted into Canada free
of duty; which was read twice and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration' of the memorial of Henry J.
Turner, the assignee, heir, and legal representative
of Henry W. Turner, deceased, for compensation
for the seizure and sale of the ship Vigilant; and
it was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUEL, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of Eustace Barron and otfcers, praying compensa-
j tion for the schooner William and cargo, which
was captured and confiscated as <v lawful prize at
Monterey, in California, during the Mexican war;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. SILVESTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on
the petitions of Mary Woods, the widow of Hugh
Woods, and Henry Johnson and Nathan Corey;
which were severally ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
petition of Abigail Fanning, the widow of John
Fanning, and the petition of Robert Beach, for in-
crease of pension; which were severally ordered •
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. SACKETT, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made an adverse report on
the petition of David Bell, praying for a share of
the pension granted to the heirs of Jesse Bell;
which was ordered to he on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Jesse Sutton; which was read twice, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and
oidered to be printed.
Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, made an adverse report in the case
of Charles Alien, asking for a pension; which was
ordered to He on the table, and be printed.
On motion by Mr. LEFFLER, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Lott Davis,
and it was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. SWEETSER, from the Committee on
Mileage, reported the following preamble and
resolution :
Whereas, the answers of members to the circular ad-
dressed to them by the chairman of the Committee on
Mileage, asking information as to the route by them tiaveled
to the seat of Government, and the probable distance, are
indefinite; the committee having doubts as to the rule ihey
should adopt in computing the mileage of members, ask the
adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be instructed
to compute the mileage of members upon the nearest mail
route upon which mail coaches or other convenient con-
veyances ran from the residences of members to the seat of
Government.
Mr. FITCH said, that the present law was well
known to be extremely defective and unjust in its
operation ; yet, while the law was in force, he
entertained no doubt of the proper duty of the
committee. As such doubts, however, were en-
tertained, and had been presented to the commit-
tee, they had thought proper to direct the presenta-
tion of this resolution, for the purpose of obtain-
ing an expression from the House. Its- adoption
would place a construction upon the law which
the committee would esteem binding. A refusal
to adopt it would leave the committee no alterna-
tive (and he was not prepared to say a majority
desired any) than action under that construction
placed upon it by precedent—the previous action
of the House and committees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, as to the
resolution which had been reported he imagined
there could be no difference of opinion whatever.
The course pursued for a great number of yeara
was the course which he presumed every gentleman
here would be in favor of continuing. For one, he
was not disposed to serve here for a less sum than
that which had been paid to those who had pre-
ceded him on this floor, nor did he believe that the
gentlemen, members of the House, received one
solitary cent too much for their services; but there
were ample evidences to show that those who had
j been here in former years, and had left this scene,
bad gone home impoverished.
He moved to lay- the resolution on the table,
and he hoped the vote would be regarded as an
expression of the opinion of the House in refer-
ence to the attempt in this way to put a construc-
tion on the law so as to compute the mileage .of
members by the shortest mail route.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, appealed to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas to withdraw his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON replied, that if he should with-
draw it, it would fairly give opportunity for in-
dulging an extraordinary amount of Buncombe
debate. And as he had a profound contempt for
everything of that kind, especially when it came
in conflict with justice and the rights of members,
he was disposed to insist upon his motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Arkansas withdraw his motion to lay- on the ta-
ble ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I adhere to it.
The resolution was again read.
And the question being on the motion to lay on
the table— *
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he de-
sired to ask one question, which was perfectly in
order: Was the resolution intended to put a con-
struction upon the law which should be binding
upon this House, and not upon the Senate ?
The SPEAKER interposed, reminding the gen-
tleman from Mississippi that debate was not in
order.
Mr, THOMPSON. I desire to know whether
the report is, in the form of a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not a joint resolution.
Mr. SWEETSER asked the gentleman from
Arkansas to withdraw his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON replied that he had already de-
clined to withdraw it for several gentlemen; and,
without intending any discourtesy to the gentle-
man, he could not withdraw the motion.
Mr. GOODENOW asked the yeas arid nays.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for tellers
upon the demand for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Evans of
Maryland and Peck were appointed, who report-
ed more than one-fifth of the members present vo-
ting in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, inquired of the
Chair what would be the effect of the resolution ?
If it wereadopted would it amount t  anything?
