240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
ing that they might double the furlough at their
pleasure; yet when these gentlemen went to the
office of the Sergeant-at-Arms to receive their per
diem, they did not insist upon a deduction being
made for their absence. And it frequently hap-
pened that those were the most absent from their
seats, who lived nearest the Capitol,, and who
made the most fuss about other folks' mileage.
Gentlemen said, let the mileage be reckoned
by the nearest mail route. Did anybody sup-
pose that this would operate as a fair rule? The
proposition of his colleague from the Stark dis-
trict, [Mr. Carter,] if he (Mr. C.) would have
listened to him at the time he had asked, and
would have modified his amendment as he (Mr.
R.) would have suggested, would accomplish the
object of remedying, as near as could be, the evils
of the present system. He (Mr. R.) thought that
members should be paid for the necessary time
and expense by the most expeditious route; not
for the time and expense actually incurred, for a
man might be a month on ins way, and spend it
very pleasantly; but for the time necessarily em-
ployed, and the expenses necessarily incurred by
the most expeditious route, let him actually travel
what route he might. That was the only fair ruie.
There were men who did not reside over 400 or
500 miles distant, who couid not reach here—say
from some parts of Virginia or Tennessee—in
the fall of the year, or go home at the end of the
short session in the sp ing, in less than eignt days,
and there were others who could travel the same
distance, by the most direct route from their resi-
dences, in thirty-six hours. His colleague [Mr.
Sweetser] resided some 450 miles distant.
Mr. SWEETSER. Five hundred.
Mr. ROOT. No; not by the post office book
or by Horace Greely. [A laugh.] His colleague's
constituents were '• aroui-ed." They would set-
tle that matter of fifty miles. The distance to Bos-
ton was some 450 or 500 miles—about the same
distance. Now, his colleague must start by the
most direct route the 23d of November, making
provision for delays by breaking down of coaches,
and other contingencies of travel over corduroy
roads, pole bridges, mud turnpikes, &c., to be sure
to be here at the opening of the session to draw
his seat.
Mr. SWEETSER said, it took only three days
to reach here from his residence. There was a
very good Macadamized road from Columbus.
Mr. ROOT replied that he had once traveled
from his residence (Sandusky) to Pittsburg—and
they went every hour, the mail went—when it
took four days. Now his colleague would often
require eisjhi days to travel four hundred and fifty
or live hundred miles to this Capitol, for which,
and return, he would receive some'#450, while
a gentleman from Boston, who tiaveied the
same distance very easily and quietly, in thirty-six
hours, received the same amount. Take the case
of a gentleman from New York city: he got into
the cars at Jersey city at night, and the next
morning arrived in this city and went up to the
Seigeant-at-Arms's office and drew his $200, for
both ways, or §100 for one night's travel; and
they would be sure to find him prompt, decided,
conscientious on tins question of the most direct
route. (Laughter.) Take one from Albany: he
reckoned m the Hudson river on his route, and
he was equally well accommodated by the most
direct mail route. Now he would like to have one
of these gentlemen*—and he did not mean to wish
them harm—once in their lives earn $100 by riding
in a two-horse mail-coach in Ohio, across their
prairies and through their swamps. Would they
—would anybody pretend there was any equality,
any fairness in this mode of reckoning by the
most direct route ? He could think of no so equal
and just plan—and he believed a large majority of
the House would concur in this view—..s that of
regulating the compensation by making a sufficient
allowance to defray a gentleman's necessary ex-
penses, and to pay him reasonably for his time ne-
cessarily employed in traveling by the most ex-
peditious route. He wished his colleague [Mr.
Carter] would consent so to modify his amend-
ment as to move to re-commit this resolution to
the Committee on Mileage, with instructions to
them to report such a bill-r*a bill which should af-
fect members at both ends of the Capitol; for he
(Mr. R.) would never vote to place a construction
upon the law to apply to this House and not to
the Senate.
• His colleague [Mr. Sweetser] had said he was
not desirous of escaping responsibility. The
responsibility was indeed great for reporting such
a resolution. He (Mr. R.) knew not what replies
the committee might have received from the dif-
ferent members.
Mr. FITCH interposed and said, they had re-
ceived none .from the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Root.]
Mr. ROOT. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. SWEETSER (to Mr. Fitch.) Yes. My
colleague [Mr. Root] has replied to the committee.
1 have his reply. The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch,] the chairman of the committee, has
not seen it.
Mr. ROOT (continuing) said that showed the
chairman of the committee was not entirely in-
formed upon this subject. He did not know what
the gentleman had seen and what he had not seen.
He knew perfectly well that he (Mr. R.) had re-
ceived his letter and that he had leplied.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will my colleague allow
me to read his reply?
Mr. ROOT. If my colleague will send it here
I will read it.
[Mr. Sweetser sent the letter to Mr. Root, by
whom it was read. The reporter has not the letter.
It stated in substance that he (Mr. Roor) did not
know the distance of his place of residence from
the Capitol, but that the usually traveled route was
from Sandusky to Buffalo, thence to Albany, and
so to New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, to Wash-
ington.]
Mr. ROOT (continuing) said, he had stated
what was the usually traveled'' route. The
exact distance he did not know nor care. The
committee could ascertain that from the post office
books, or from any other 3ource.
Now if his colleague [Mr. Sweetser] had
founded the report upon that kind of correspond-
ence, he was sorry for it. [A laugh.] If the com-
mittee had been constantly bothered by that kind of
uncertainty, he was not surprised that such a reso-
lution should have emanated from them. He begged
leave to say that the business of that committee
was to know about distances, and it couid be no
great trouble for them to ascertain the distance from
Sandusky via Buffalo, Albany, New York, Phil-
adelphia, and Baltimore, to Washirgton.
Mr. FITCH (interposing) said, the gentleman
seemed to suppose that the preamble had been re-
ported with reference to his [Mr. Root's] answer
alone, whereas it had not been seen by the com-
mittee; and the answer of the gentleman was such
as if received from all would have been satisfac-
tory to the committee.
Mr. ROOT said he w§s very glad that the gen-
tleman from Indiana, the chairman of the commit-
tee, had made this statement acquitting him (Mr.
R.) of all equivocation on the subject. With
what ground, then, had all this flourish been
made by his colleague [Mr. Sweetser] asking him
to read that letter? [A laugh.]
He repeated that he wished the resolution re-
committed to the committee, with instiuctions to
report a bill which should operate upon both
Houses, and furnish an equitable mode of comput-
ing mileage ; or else that the Hous e should them-
selves take the matter in hand, change the resolu-
tion to a joint resolution, and alter its efFect
so as to provide a fair mode of computation,
which, he thought, would be by allowing for the
time and expenses necessarily incurred by the
most expeditious route. If his colleague [Mr.
Carter] would so modify his motion to recom-
mit, it would be satisfactory to him, (Mr. R.,) and
he believed to the House.
Mr. CARTER asked his colleague if the gen-
eral instructions he proposed did not embrace the
object desired by him [Mr. Root] ? He proposed
to allow for the time and expenses actually in-
curred.
Mr. ROOT suggested that his colleague insert
the word " necessarily."
Mr. CARTER assented, and so modified his
amendment.
Mr. ROOT having concluded—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, claimed this
mileage question as an old acquaintance. It had
been frequently before the House, and had pro-
duced a great deal of unnecessary excitement. A
great deal of excitement had always been got
up whenever the subject had been mooted. He
was much surprised to hear the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] state that his constituents,
were much excited on this subject. He was
almost as much surprised at that statement as he
was at the resolution itself which had been re-
ported from the committee. The preamble ac-
companying the resolution conveyed an imputa-
tion on the members of the House.
Mr. FITCH disclaimed any such intention on
the part of the committee.
,Mr. BROWN said he did not speak as_to the
intention of the committee, but as to the language
of the resolution itself.
Mr. FITCH. The language of the resolution
contained no such imputation.
Mr. BROWN said it did. The preamble alleged
that members had been indefinite in their replies to
the queries of the committee; and he desired to re-
spond to this imputation. He recognized no such
right in the Committee on Mileage, as the right of
making such inquiries of members. It was the
dutyofthe committee to derive the information
they desired concerning the distances of routes
from other sources than from the members them-
selves. He had replied to the questions which had
been propounded to him by the committee. What
other members had answered he could not under-
take to say. lie had sent in his reply. He asked
that the preamble accompaning the resolution be
read.
The preamble was then read ax follows:
" Wlieren«, the answers of members to the ciicuiarnd-
diessed to them by the chairman oi the Committee ou Mile-
aye, asking lor inlormation to the route by them traveled
t«> the seat of Uoverument, and the probable di.-tauce, aie
indefinite," Sec., &c.
Well, sir, an indefinite answer is equivalent to
no answer at all. He did answer the inquiries of
the committee, and in definite language, as to the
route by which he had traveled to Washington.
If there had been anything indefinite in the replies
of other members, why not slate whose replies
were of that character? Was it supposed that
any member would desire to shrink from the re-
sponsibility of admitting it? And why was itstated
that any replies had been indefinite and unsatisfac-
tory, if it was not so? He desired to vindicate
himself from this imputation. The committee had
no right to put the questions to members. • He
had given a definite reply; but he did not admit
the right of the committee to go to members to
make the inquiries to which answers ought to be
obtained from other sources. He did not desire that
his responses should be filtered through the Com-
mittee on Mileage, and afterwards sent to the
Sergeant-at-Arms. If he were to have the respon-
sibility of deciding the distance lie had traveled, he
would prefer to go directly to the Sergeant-at-Arms
on his own responsibility.
The committee had no right to propound the
questions to him, and then to complain that they
were not answered. • He took it that every mem-
ber had a right to put his construction on the law,
and to be paid according to that construction.
There could be no difficulty in that, as there could
be but one construction of the law, which pro-
vided that members should be paid for the dis-
tance by the nearest traveled route. Yet gentle-
men talked as if that was difficult to be compre-
hended. The existing law prescribed by what
route the distance was to be computed. What
necessity, then, was there for putting questions to
decide this point? The object of the resolution
was to put a construction on the law which no
member could put upon it. The law says, u by
the usual traveled route.1' The resolution says,
" by the usual mail route;" and that was a very
different thing. It was not for the committee, by
a new construction, to change the effect of the iaw.
He cared but little about the matter. His resi-
dence was in a pait of the country the most re-
mote from Washington, and his case was brought
before the public last session, and subjected to
comment by a member from New York, who sent
it to his newspaper in that city for the purpose of
; getting up an excitement. But it produced no ex-
j citement, and he was happy to find that the people
were not to be thrown into excitement on such
trivial subjects, but that they reserved themselves
for really important questions.
Mr. FiTCEi said, he should not attempt an an-
swer at any length to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi. Most of his remarks were made under
misconception of the preamble to the resolution.
That preamble, as he (Mr. Fitch) had already
