1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over under the rules:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Finance be instructed
to ascertain and report to the Senate the amount ofthe pub-
lic debt of the United States yet outstanding, for the pay-
ment of which the sales of the public lands were pledged by
act of Congress, approved 28th January, 1847, and whether,
consistently with tbe faith of the Government and the
rights of the public creditors, the public lands can be gra-
tuitously disposed of, while any such portion of such debt
remains unpaid, and if so, to what extent and under what
JimUauons.
NEW MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Mr. Cass's resolution, on which General Hous-
ton had the floor:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of prohibiting by
law any officer of the army from assuming or exercising,
within the limits of the United State?, any civil power or
authority not conferred by an act of Congress, and of pro-
viding an adequate punishment for such offences.
Mr. HOUSTON addressed the Senate for an
hour upon the resolution, in a speech which will
be published in the Appendix.
The resolution was then laid on the table, on
the motion of Mr. CLAY, the time having arrived
for the consideration of the special order.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the order of the day, being the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union, to
establish Territorial Governments for Utah and
New Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for
the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries.
Mr. BELL, who was entitled to the floor, ad'
dressed the Senate for more than two hours, with
explanations from Mr. CLAY, Mr. DAVIS of
Mississippi, and Mr. FOOTE.
Mr. BELL then- yielded the floor, without
finishing:, on suggestions by Mr. TURNEY and
Mr. WEBSTER; and—
On the motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the further
consideration of the subject was postponed to
Friday next, at twelve o'clock.
On the motion of Mr. WEBSTER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet again on Friday next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 1850.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
NEWSPAPER CHARGE.
Messrs. WENTWORTH and GIDDINGS si-
multaneously addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER gave the floor to
Mr. GIDDINGS, who said: I rise to call the
attention of the House to a question of privilege.
Certain newspapers in 
Several Voices: What is the question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gjddings] states that he has risen to a ques-
tion of privilege. The gentleman will state the
question.
, Mr. GIDDINGS, (continuing.) In certain
newspapers published in Boston and New York,
a charge of official misconduct has been made
against myself as a member of this House, in rela-
tion to the public archives. I hold in my band
one of those articles, which appeared in the Boston
Jltlas 
Several Voices: Speak louder. It is impossible
to hear you.
Mr. JONES, (to the Chair.) I submit to the
Chair, whether this question of a newspaper arti-
cle is a question of privilege?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the House will hear
me.
Cries: Go on! goon!
Mr. JONES pressed his inquiry upon the Chair.*
The SPEAKER, (in reply to Mr. Jones.) The
Chair cannot determine whether this is a question
of privilege or not, until the gentleman has stated
what the question is.
Mr. JONES said, if the question was not one of
privilege, he should insist upon the enforcement of
the rule.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the House will hear
me. Gentlemen will bear me witness that 1 have
never failed in the cases of other members to ex-
tend every consideration and kindness to them. It
is n>y intention to ask the House to take such
order as its own honor may demand, and as its
duty to the public archives may require; and be-
fore I make any further remarks, I will send to
the Speaker's table the article referred to, with the
request that the clerk may read it.
The Clerk read the article, as follows:
Washington Correspondence of the Jltlas.
il Washington, June 27,1850.
" There i« a good deal of remark to-day in certain quaterrs,
in regard to a recent outrage upon the official files of the
General Post Office. Last summer a change was made in
the post office at Oberlm, Ohio, by the removal of the old
Democratic incumbent, and the appointment of a *{ bogus"
Whig. The change was obtained through misrepresenta-
tion, and save great dissatisfaction to the good people of
Oberlin Not so much fault was found with the removal as
with the appointment. Indignation meetings were held,
and very numerously signed petitions, and remonstrances
were gotten up by all parties and forwarded to the depart-
ment. The Postmaster General finally saw that a mistake
had been made, which was corrccted by a second change
about January last. This change gave special offence to
the Hon. Joshua R. Giddtngs, and he called at once on Col.
Warren foran explanation. He askpd for the papers in the
case, and they were immediately handed to him, and he
took a seat behind Col. Warren at a table, and devoted
about two hours to a full examination of them. When he
had completed the examination, he placed the papers to-
gether in a bundle, and they were returned to the file room.
A few weeks after this, it was discovered that a portion of
the papers, together with the hiief of the case, were gone
from the department, and were circulated among'the
people of Oberhn. The case had excited much feelingin
that community, and many who had thought proper to ad-
dtess the department on the subjret, had done so with
great freedom. When, therelore, the papers were found
cn dilating among the people of Oberlin. a good deal oflocal
disturbance wag created, and especially among the Whigs..
So soon as this enormity was known'at the department,
Col. Warren made full inquiry into the matter, but could
only learn that, immediately before the last appointment in
j the Oberlin pon office, the papers were insppeted by Gen.
Crowell, of Ohio, the Hon. John W. Allen, formerly of the
j Cleveland district, and immediately afterwards by the Hon.
i Joshua R. Giddinirs. Since then nobody had called for
j them or had access to them. Thus the matter rested until
I quite recently, when evidence was obtained that the ab-
stracted papers weie received at Oberlin under Mr. Gid-
dinjrs'* frank.
" It is universally true, that those men who are the loudest
in their pretensions to a high morality, who are always ap-
pealing to God and their consciences for approval, are the
most in need of vigilant watches.
" This matter will certainly, as it ought to. attract the atten-
tion of the House of Repiesentatives. ff the official files
of the General Post Office are subject to such outrages, the I
public should know it at once, so that in all cases the tone
of communications may be regulated accordingly. And it
should be ascertained how far the control of a member of
Congress over the files of a department extends. If he
mav abstract the coi respondence, he need lake but one step
further to reach the official bond* of Postmasters and mail
contractors. At all events, this thing should be looked into.
It may be that Mr. Giddings can explain these circumstan-
ces to the satisfaction of the public. It is certainly due to
the character of the House of Representatives that he
should have an opportunity to do so. L'OCCIDENT."
The article having been read—
Mr. TOOMBS rose and said, I object—this is
not a question of privilege.
Mr. JONES. I cannot see Sow it is possible
for a question of privilege to be made out of this
article. It has no reference to the House. It has
nothing to do with the House. It is a matter en-
tirely between the newspaper editor—or the au-
thor of the article—and the gentlemen charged
with improper conduct about these papers. I can-
not perceivc how this is to be considered as a
question of privilege. I desire the Speaker to
state whether the Chair does so consider it.
The SPEAKER. As regards the question
whether matters of this description are questions
of privilege or not, the Chair will state that the
Speaker is aware of only two cases within his
knowledge where the question has been presented.
One of these cases occurred in the twenty-ninth
Congress—the other in the thirtieth Congress.
In each of these cases the question was submitted
to the House, the Chair having held in each in-
stance that the question was one to be decided rvot
by the Chair, but by the House. Gentlemen who 1
were members of the twenty ninth Congress will
recollect the case of the charge made in a news-
paper by Mr. Heiss against a member from Massa-
chusetts,[Mr. Hudson.] That gentleman brought
the question before the House. The same point
of order was made then that is now made by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and the
question was submitted to the House whether it
was or was not a question of privilege. During
the thirtieth Congress, gentlemen who were mem-
bers of that body will recollect that a gentleman
from Massachusetts rose in his place and stated
that common rumor made a certain charge, or
raised a certain suspicion, against a member of the
House. The question was put to the House
whether this was a question of privilege. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] now brings
forward an article made in a newspaper against
the member himself—charging him, as the news-
paper states, and as the gentleman states, with a
high offence. Following the precedents to which
reference has been made, the Chair rules that it
is for the House to decide whether the case pre-
sented by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] is a question of privilege or not.
Mr. TOOMBS appealed from the decision of the
Chair. He did so, he said, because he knew of
no other mode of getting at a judgment except by
an appeal. He knew, he said, that the predecessor
of the present Speaker of the House evaded the
question in the same way, and with reference to
the same gentlerftan. The rules of the House
provided that when a question^was made, it should
be decided by the Chair. The Speaker was the
organ of the House. He was to decide in the first
instance, and the House would overrule his decis-
ion if it was wrong. But the idea that the House
were a tribunal, independent of the action of the
Chair, to which any member might submit a
question which he might declare to be a question
of privilege, and by means of which character
precedence was to be given to it over all othei-
business, was a doctrine to which he (Mr. T.J
could not assent. If it was declared that it
was not the province of the Speaker to decide
prima facie 
Mr. ALLEN interposed, and, addressing the
Speaker, inquired whether the appeal was deba-
table. He (Mr. A.) had no objection to the debate
proceeding if it was in order.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is debatable.
Mr. WENTWORTH referred to the case of
Mr. Sawyer and the correspondent of the "Tri-
bune," of which the House had taken cognizance,
as involving the same principle upon which the
House was now called to decide.
Mr. TOOMBS, in support of his appeal, stated
that the privileges of members of this House were
defined by the Constitution. The definition was1
clear and distinct. If we are to leave this plain
guide, the various constructions of what is
and what is not privilege, will lead to inter-
minable confusion. He referred to the practice
in the British Parliament, which allowed a wide
latitude to these questions of privilege. But here
the Constitution of the United States distinctly de-
fines the privileges of members. The clause to
which he referred, reads as follows:
"They shall, in all cases, except treason, felony, aac!
breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest during their
attendance at the session of their respective Houses, and in
goin« to and returning fiom the same ; and for any sp< ech
or debate in either House they shall not be questioned lis
any other place."
He repelled the idea that any member shall be
allowed to raise a question of privilege, whenever
he was assailed by the newspaper writers. He
expressed his opinion that there was scarcely to
be found a single member of the House who had
not been impugned by these writers, either in his
conduct or his motives. We have no other rule,
by which to determine questions of privilege, but
that contained in the clause of the Constitution
which he had read. He knew of no other privi-
leges enjoyed by members, than those which were
specified in this clause. The gentleman from Ohio
had not been arraigned, his conduct had not been
called in question, for any "speech or debate" in
the House. He had not been arrested. With refer-
ence to these newspaper attacks, he was entitled
to no privilege which was not common to all the
njembers. When he was assailed in this manner,
he could resort to the courts of law. They were
open to him, as they were open to all. This
House ought to silsume no jurisdiction in cases
which do not come within the meaning of the con-
stitutional provision. We have none of these ex-
clusive privileges which belong to the members of
the British Parliament.  
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (Mr. Toombs
yielding the floor,) desired to ask the gentleman
from Georgia, under which clause of the Consti-
tution, or what construction of privilege, the ap-
pointment of a select committee to inquire into
the conduct of the Secretary of War was war-
ranted.
Mr. TOOMBS replied, that the select committee
had not been raised on any question of privilege,
