THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1850.
New Series No, 26.
remarked, stated facts preference to the answers
of members. He could state nothing as to the
answer of the gentleman from Mississippi—it very
probably was sufficiently definite. But some of
the answers (and the preamble if it does not read
some," should da so) were indefinite. By some,
two <>i moie routes were given,and the one "most
usually traveled'' not designated; although the
distance by those routes differed much. The im-
putation, then, that the committee reflected upon
members in the preamble is unwarranted and unjus-
tifiable. [ repeat again, under the law as it now ex-
ists, although it is wrong; in principle, and unjust
in operation, I entertain little doubt of the proper
duty of the committee. The language of the law
is explicit—miieag-e is to be allowed by the "most
usually traveled road." No latitude is left the
committee. Yet even under this explicit law,
doubts, as to its construction, arc entertained by
some,—such doubts were presented to the commit-
tee; and to test the opinion of the House the res-
olution was directed to be reported for their action.
If the House sp.es proper to adopt it, the coristi uc-
tion thereby placed upon the (aw will govern the
action of the committee. It is true the resolution,
in its present form, can operate only on this House
—the other end of the Capitol will still draw mile-
age under the old construction. This was taken
under consideration by the committee, as was the
introduction of a bill or joint resolution which, in
the event of its passage, will be binding upon both
ends of the Capitol. Such bill may very prob-
ably yet be reported from the committee, with or
without instructions to that effect. The committee
well knew, however, that no such bill or resolu-
tion could be passed in time to be operative during
this session. The object of the resolution was to
ascertain whether the House wa$ willing to so
construe the law as that mileage should-nou? be al-
lowed only by the nearest mail route—a construc-
tion which would operate more justly than the
usual one, but which it may well be questioned
whether the language " the most usually traveled
road" will justify. Permit me to suggest to my
colleague [Mr. Gorman] that he insert "road"
instead of "route" in lys proposed amendment.
Mr. GORMAN asked, what is the difference?
Mr. FITCH. Much, where the language of the
law purports to be literally quoted.
Mr. GORMAN asked if tfie resolution was not
reported by the committee to avoid the responsi-
bility of fixing mileage?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir.
Mr. GORMAN. Did not the chairman of the
committee tell me so ?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir, no such thing. My
•colleague has fallen into an error as great as that
into which the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] fell. I can state what \ did tell my col-
league and have told other members, if it is justifi-
able in me to drag the comparatively private pro-
ceedings of the committee into the House.
Yes, do it"—44 Do it,1' from several parts of
the Hall.]
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser, a member of the committee] desired
the committee to assume the responsibility of con-
struing the law in the manner contemplated by the
resolution. This responsibility the majority were
unwilling to assume, for reasons then stated, and
which I will now repeat. The law had never
been so construed. We were nesv members, and
it ill became us to put a ditierent construction
upon it from that acted upon for thirty years.
The language of the law, it was contended, would
not warrant such construction; and consequently
the attempt to act under such would be esteemed
by the House an arbitrary stretch of power.
Again it was ascertained that a large propoition
of the members had already drawn their mileage,
governed in so doinr by the allowance made at
previous sessions, it the mail route construction
was adopted, these gentlemen had exceeded the
sum to which they would be entitled, in some in-
stances one-half. jNTeither the committee nor the
House had any power to compel restitution of
such sums from the members. If restitution can
16
legally be sought anywhere it will be from you,
Mr. Speaker, who have given them the authority
upon which they have drawn their money. A
large pecuniary responsibility would thus be piled
upon you—too large to be well borne, and which
the committee were not disposed to force upon you.
Moreover, the House would then present the
singular and anomalous spectacle of one part of
its members obtaining mileage under one law, and
the other part under another; for the mail route
construction will be tantamount to a new law. I
Mated, therefore, to my colleague, not that this
resolution was introduced to avoid the responsi-
bility of reporting, but of acting or refusing to act
under such constiuction of the law. The commit-
tee did not deem themselves (five members) a
law making power. They could only act as
others had acted under this law,or recommend its
change, or ask the opinion of the House relative
to an entirely new construction. They preferred
the latter. The resolution as it stands does not
meet my approbation. I prefer striking -at the
root of the evil; for an evil the present law as-
suredly is. I prefer, therefore, a joint resolution,
or bill, limiting the mileage to what it justly
should be, and so strongly framed thai its intent
shall admit of no'doubt. Members elected under
the picsent law are not justly chargeable w'th
wrong doing in obtaining the mileage it allows.
It is the law which is in fault. Let that be amend-
ed. This was distinctly stated last year by the
Committee on Mileage, of which my friend from
Missouri, behind me, [Mr. Green,] was a mem-
ber, and who, I think, drew up and presented to
the House a report upon this subject. 1 voted
against laying the resolution upon the table. I
shall continue to vote against any effort to destroy
i it, for I desire to sec some action on the subject,
\ and hope the resolution may be so amended as to
! become a joint one, binding upon both national
j legislative bodies, and correct abuses in connec-
tion w.tli this matter existing in both,
i Mr. BURT-desired to move, an amendment,
: to commit the whole matter to the Committee' on
j Milease, with instructions to leport a bill to legu-
I late and equalize the mileage, by reducing the
! same, if found to be too high.
Mr. SOHENCK also desired to submit an
amendment to recommit, with instructions for the
Committee to take up the whole subject of mileage,
and if any change m the present system was found
to be necessary, to report a bill founded upon just
principles.
The CHAIR explained,how it was that neither
of the amendments was then in order—the reso-
lution itself of the committee being in the nature
of instructions.
Mr. BURT moved the previous question. The
question, however, was not sustained.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that he did
not suppose that he would have addressed the
House at all.upon the subject under discussion, but
for some remarks which had fallen from the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] and to which he
would allude at their proper place before he yielded
the floor.
[HeveMr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, interposed
and asked the Speaker if the morning hour had not
expired, and moved to proceed to the business upon
the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the day.]
The SPEAKER remarked that Mr. Evans had
the floor.
Mr. EVANS, ontinuation, observed that the
motion made by the gentleman from Tennessee
would have come from him with greater propriety
if he had made it while some member of his own
side (many of whom had addressed the House)
was upon the floor; for the purpose of the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee he did not in-
tend to yield the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON 'remarked that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evans] would, if his motion
pievailed, have the floor in the morning.
Mr. E. (ec."'mumg) observed that what he had
to say upon the subject he intended to say now,
and not hereafter.
It must, he remarked, be apparent to the House
that there was great inequality in the pay of mem-
bers of the House, and injustice in that inequality,
too, or this debate wuuld not have been so long
and so patiently listened to. What, were the
facts? Certain members on this floor came here
on the first Monday of December, 1849, drew
two thousand four hundred dollars mileage; they
will receive for their per diem during the sesson
(say) sixteen hundred dollars,and onihe fiist Mon-
day of December, 1850, will again draw mileage
to the further amount of two thousand four hun-
dred dollars; making their pay in the whole, for
the year, the sum of six thousand four hundred dol-
lars; while members from the Slate of Maryland,
and from the nearest districts of Virginia and Penn-
sylvania, will receiveonlyabout seventeen hundred
dollars for their services during the same time.
Now, sir, where is the justice of this? There
is no justice, equality, or right in it; but, in order
to cover it up, to hide the injustice and inequality
from the country, members were very much in the
habit of dilating here, with great complacency,
upon their distance from their homes, upon the
fact that they had to suhmit to the loss of the
profits which otherwise might be acquired from
their private pursuits; and now and then throw
out hints also aliout the superior diligence of their
attendance upon the deliberations of this body.
All this, sii", is, no doubt, very satisfying to their
self-pride, but it is convincing to noliody who un-
derstands the facts of the case. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Root] had made us a long, and,
in justice he would add, an able speech; but
throughout the whole of it he seemed to look one
way and row another. He assents, nay, he de-
clares, that the present system is wrong, that it
ought to be amended; he even goes so far as to
state 0 substantive proposition ol his own in lieu
of it; but, at the same time, he hints, he insin-
. nates, nay, he asserts, that the motives of those
! who happen not to reside very f1 r from the Capi-
i tul are not all that they should be; and, with a
i grave shaking of the head, a significant pointing
i of the finger, and a deliberate precision of address,
| be remarks that whenever a change i*s effected thai
the attendance of gentlemen who come from no
very remote distance, shall be looked into, and
their per diem docked for non-attendance.
He (Mr. Evans) answered him with all his
heart—with all Ins heart. He courted investiga-
tion, he defied scrutiny, and in opposition to this
declaration, lie also asserted that theaverage attend-
ance of members who come from no very great
distance to this Capitol is as good; yes, sir, it is
better than that of those who draw fat sums ill she
shapeof mileage. Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. Evans,)
I am willing that the calls of the House, that the
records of the yeas and nays shall test this ques-
tion. I am weary of the endless repetition of the
charge of non-attendance, without refutation, and
I confidently a'ssert thai the duties of members
representing the States of Pennsylvania, Virginia,
New Jersey, the nearer parts of New 1 ork, and
Maryland, are performed by them with as much
constancy and fidelity, as are displayed by any
gentlemen having seats here.
Why, sir, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Root,] dilated to us at length upon the bogs, the
morasses, the " mosses, waters, slops and styles"
that lie between us and his home; and declared
that he would like to see some of us have a,good
shaking over an Ohio corduroy road. Now, he,
[Mr. Evans,! ventured the assertion that if his f
colleague from the Sixth District, [Mr. Kerr,]
traveled by the stage route, which is the mail route,
from his residence to this city, he will travel quite
as far in that sort of conveyance, as the gentleman
from Ohio. That gentleman appeared to have,
indeed, a sufficiently easy time of it, so far as
railroads and steamboats were conecrned, upon the
route laid down in his letter of reply to the com-
munication from the Committee on Mileage. As
for other gentlemen, he would take the case o. a
member coming by way of New Orleans; at that
city the member took a steamboat and came along
snuo-ly, cozily and comfortably up the river, to
Wheeling or Pittsburg.
