1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133*5
but at the expressed desire of the Secretary him-
self. The privileges of members are sufficiently
defined by "the Constitution. He conceded that
the libelous tendency of the newspaper press, that
"chartered libertine," had increased to an extent
greatly to be condemned; but he saw no gfound
on which any member could claim exemption from
the assaults of the press, while all the other mem-
bers were left exposed to them.
He referred to a case to show that the British Par-
liament brought within the rangeof privilege, ques-
tions which we could not'entertain as such;because
the privileges of members of Parliament are"Unde-
"fined. The British Parliament does not define the
privileges of its members; while oars are clearly
defined by the Constitution, which clearly states
in what particular cases protection is deemed ne-
cessary.
As to this practice of assailing members of Con-
gress, it was not confined to Boston. The press
throughout the whole country assumed the liberty
of impugning the acts and motives of individuals,
and exercised it to a degree so unwarranted as to
call for the interposition either of law or of the
horsewhip. The newspaper press libels every-
body. He knew of no one who was exempt from
abuse. But in this case there is no charge that
any member of the House had been called to ac-
count for anything done by him during his attend-
'ance in the House. The Plouse could not interpose
its power in punishing these attacks on individual
members for acts which were committed out of
doors, without violating the Constitution. If the
House takes on itself the right to define what are
the privileges of its members, it must keep within
the limits of the Constitution, and shape its pro-
visions in accordance with it.
Mr. BAKER made some remarks in support of
the appeal, because he looked on it as the only
way to get a decision of the House on the subject.
He hoped that the House and the Chair would
indicate that there was no way of preventing these
assaults by newspaper writers, on the principle
laid down by the gentleman from Georgia. Right-
fully or wrongfully, the press will take the liberty
to interfere with our proceedings, both here and at
home. He contended that the House had nothing
to do with matters relating only to a dispute be-
tween an individual and the press. While he
would, at all times, be ready and very glad to hear
any explanation which the gentleman from Ohio
might feel himself called on to offer, he would be
strongly opposed to the appointment of a commit-
tee, or to the action of the House upon it, as a i
question of privilege. He objected to the House
assuming the power to take cognizance of cases
of this character. He" could not see the necessity
for the interference of the House, in every case in
which an individual considers that his character
has been implicated by a slander on the part of the
newspaper press.
« He referred to the proceedings of the House in
the case of Mr. Sawyer, who was lampooned by
a letter-writer in the New York Tribune. Mr.
Sawyer was charged with a breach of good man-
ners, during the session of the House, perhaps a
breach of good taste. [Here there was a sort of
side exclamation of "Sausages."] The House
did go into proceedings in this case. But there
was a clear distinction to be drawn between the
case of Mr. Sawyer and that now under considera-
tion. Then there was a charge against a member
for an act committed while the House was in ses-
sion, and the individual who brought forward the
charge was a letter-writer who had been admitted
to the privilege of the floor, and, while enjoying
this privilege, had written and published this
charge; and this was the reason why the House
permitted an investigation of this charge. There
was, therefore, a plain distinction between^ the
case of Mr. Sawyer and that now under consider-
ation.
He concluded with declaring that he had every
disposition to give the gentleman from Ohio an
opportunity to defend himself against the charge
which had been made against him in any way in
which he could do so with propriety. But he
could not consent to take up. the matter as a vio-
lation of any of the privileges of members of this
House, believing, with the gentleman from Geor-
gia, that the House could not take cognizance of
the subject consistently with its constitutional ob-
ligations.
Mr. HILLIARD said he entirely concurred with
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that
the Chair must, in the fiist place, determine wheth-
er this was a question of privilege; and if it were
not decided to be a question of privilege, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio considered it to be, the gentleman
could not go on, but could at once be compelled to
take his seat. While he appreciated the delicacy of
the Speaker in declining to construe the privilegeof
a member of the House, and in referring the ques-
tion to the decision of the House, it was obvious
that until the Chair made a preliminary decision,
there could be no subsequent decision made by
the House. Whatever the decision of the Chair
might be upon the question, it would then be for
the House to acquiesce in it, or, if appeal were
taken, to determine the question, Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House ?
But over and above this, he entirely concurred
with his friend from Georgia in his opinion that
this was not a question to be considered by the
House. He sympathized with the gentleman
from Ohio in the indignation which he felt against
the author of the charge, whoever he might be;
but although it was a matter which affected their
sensibilities, it was not, in his opinion, one on
which the power of the House could be brought
to bear. It was an anonymous publication, he
understood; no one was responsible for it; the
House were called to raise a select committee to
look into a publication made by an anonymous
person, because it happened to relate to a member
of this House! He hoped the House would rise
to a sense of its dignity—of its character. If the
charge had been made by an officer of one of the
departments—by a person in direct contact with
"the Government—it might then present a proper
subject for investigation; but the publication being
merely anonymous 
Mr. SWEETSER interposed, and (the floor
being yielded for explanation) said that this right
of privilege or courtesy, whatever it might be, that
was extended to members of Congress, was not
extended to them alone. This charge imputed to
his colleague that in the exercise of the right con-
ceded to him of examining the public papers, he
had extracted papers from the department. Now,
he put the case to the gentleman from Alabama,
if a member of the profession to which he (Mr.
S.) belonged—if a lawyer who had the right—not
conceded to other citizens—of access in all the
courts in which he practiced, to have access to
the papers should be guilty of abstracting such
papers, he submitted whether he would be left to
the ordinary punishment for larceny only ? The
gentleman from Alabama knew very well that in
1 such a case the court would take summary pro-
cess and expel him at once. It seemed to him
that this was a similar case.
Mr. HILLIARD said that the remark of the
gentleman related to the course which it would be
proper for the House to pursue if it took cogni-
zance of the question, and if the charge was found
to be true. He (Mr. H.) admitted that the House
might make such a disposition of the subject as
the gentleman from Ohio, by way of analogy, had
suggested, and if they believed that any member
of the House had been guilty of conduct such as
required his expulsion, they could make an inves-
tigation, because that was a matter which affected
the dignity of the body itself. He could not, how-
ever, believe that this House was called upon to
investigate irresponsible charges made by an anon-
ymous person. In the case cited by the gentle-
man, the court would, as the gentleman had stated,
have the right, by a summary remedy, to protect
itself and remove from the bar the offending mem-
ber; and this House had the same right of privi-
lege in a similar case. But a court would not allow
its' time to be consumed in investigating charges
I made against a member of the bar by an irrespon-
sible person.
Mr. SWEETSER. That is the precise ques-
tion which my colleague desires to bring to the
attention of the House. He is charged through
the public newspapers with having extracted
public documents from the departments. As a
member of this Congress he desires to submit to
the House whether he is fit to occupy a seat on
this floor, which would be a question as long as
this charge remained against him uninvestigated.
I have no doubt that he is willing to go the whole
length and breadth of the case, and submit to the
decision of the House the question whether he
shall occupy a seat in this House; and if he is
proved guilty of the crime charged against him,
he will vacate his seat.
Mr. HILLIARD resumed. Suppose a charge
were to be brought against the gentleman from
some other irresponsible quarter, should the
House take jurisdiction of that? And if another
still were made, in the same way, should the
House investigate that, and so on ? He submitted
there must be a sense of dignity on the part of
the House, which could sustain itself without
responding to every floating charge. A member
of Congress should stand upon his dignity, poised
upon his reputation, and not condescend to no-
tice, much less ask the House to notice, all the
newspaper charges made against him.
He repeated, he sympathized with the gentle-
man from Ohio in the indignation which he felt.
But they would never escape such investigations
if they entered into them upon all the charges
made against each member.
He submitted, therefore, that the gentleman
from Georgia was right in insisting that the Chair
decide in the first instance. It was equally right
that the House should determine whether it was
a question of privilege upon an appeal taken. A-s
he believed there was not a desire to protract de-
bate, and as he believed this would be the senti-
ment of the House, he would move to lay the
whole subject on the table. If, however, the gen-
tleman from Ohio wished to speak, and if he could
yield the floor to him, he would withdraw the
motion with great pleasure.
Mr. MORSE addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] con only be -
made with reference to the appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair; because that is now the only
question before the House. The motion, there-
fore, affects the appeal only. _
Mr. HILLIARD. Then upon the question of
the appeal, I move the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND (who was recognized by
the Chair) appealed to the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilliard] to withdraw the motion.
Mr. G1DDINGS addressed the Chair.
Some conversation followed.
The SPEAKER said that if the demand for
the previous question was withdrawn, the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] who had
been recognized by the Chair, would.be entitled to
the floor. Does the gentleman from Alabama
(continued the Speaker, addressing Mr. Hil-
liard,) withdraw the demand for the previous
question?
Mr. HILLIARD. 1 do not withdraw it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will not the gentleman
withdraw the motion for a few moments? I will
pledge mysilf to renew it.
Mr. HILLIARD declined to withdraw the
motion.
Several voices. Then vote it down.
Mr. BURT was understood to say, that as he
had not been in his seat at the moment the gentle-'*
man from Ohio, [Mr. Gjddings] brought this mat-
ter to the attention of the House, he (Mr. B.)
wished to know whether the article had been
written by any reporter or letter-writer 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) It is not in order
now to make any remarks or inquiries upon the
subject.
The SPEAKER then put the question, "Is
there a second to the demand for the previous
question?"
The vote was—ayes 65, noes 63.
Mr. BOYD called for tellers, (who were ordered.)
Messrs. Wood, of Ohio, and Clingman, of
1 North Carolina, were appointed.
! And the vote having been again taken, stood—
i ayes 59, noes 68.
i So the House refused to second the demand for
i the previous question.
i The question recurring on the appeal—
j Mr. McCLERNAND resumed the floor. The
1 question, he said, presents itself in two aspects:
first, as a question of privilege; and, secondly, as
a question of propriety or order 
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) I rise to a question
of order. The appeal before the House is upon
the question, whether the Speaker shall decide
this question to bea question of privilege, or not. i
submit to the Chair that as this app«il charges
nothing, it does not open the merits of the ques-
tion to debate.
