1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1337
House against a little time. He expressed the be-
lief, however, that such a course—of promptly
meeting such chfirges—would not conduce to a
waste of time. He'did not ask the House to in-
vestigate every charge which might be thrown out
against individual members; it might be left to the
general cha.-acter and standing of members to
shake off imputatiohs in most cases. But where
it was directly charged thata member had availed
himself of the privilege of a member of Congress
feloniously, fraudulently to abstract" papers from
one of the departments, it constituted a matter
which involved the reputation of the House, and
should be investigated.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he rose to state an
opinion, rather than go into an. argument. In one
aspect there was no doubt in his mind but that
the point made by the member from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] was a question of privilege—a matter
affecting the privileges of the House. What were
the facts ?
It appeared that some anonymous correspondent
of the " Boston Atlas," in a communication pub-
lished in that paper, iiad charged the gentleman
from Ohio, with having abstracted certain papers
from the archives of the Post Office Department—
in other words, with having committed a felony,
for which the accused might be judicially tried and
punished. m
Now, this was an imputation against the gentle-
man from Ohio as a private individual—it was an
accusation impeaching him in his private and not
in his public capacity; and as such was not cog-
nizable as a question of privilege. The gentleman
from Ohio was left, in that particular, to pursue his
| remedy in a court of justice, where full redress
could be obtained if the imputation was libelous,
as doubtless it was. A different rule would make
any one liable to the order and authority of this
House who might do any personal injury to the
person, property, or character of a member,
which is not to be thought of.
But what next? The correspondent not only
charges the gentleman from Ohio with abstract-
ing papers from the Post Office Department, with
a felonious intent, but he also charges him with
having knowingly franked these papers undercover
to Oberlin, Ohio. Here a second offence was
charged, which does in fact involve a question of
privilege—a second offence, because the use of
the franking privilege under such circumstances
was an abuse and prostitution of the privilege—a
violation of the law which conferred the privilege.
Upon this ground Mr. McC. would vote to decfde
the point raised by the gentleman from Ohio to be
a question of privilege.
It had been stated, however, that the charges
preferred against the gentleman from Ohio were
unvouched—were irresponsible. Not so. It
was true th^t the chargcs were over an anonymous
signature, but it was equally true that they had
been published; and the publisher of the paper,
the " Atlas," was responsible for the publication.
By publishing the charges he adopted them; they
became his act, for which he is justly and legally
liable. He repeated, therefore, that he would treat
the matter as a question of privilege.
Mr. MORSE did not think time would be
misspent in discussing to some extent this subject
of privilege. He had heretofore had occasion to
look into it. He thought there had grown up in
this country, with reference to this subject of priv-
ilege, one of the most monstrous abusesof power
in legislative bodies of which he had ever known.
He would not, with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClernand,] undertake to discuss the
question, whether this charge was from a re-
sponsible source or not, or whether it was against
the gentleman from Ohio in his official or in his
private capacity. He said that if the charge had
been made by a member of this House in his offi-
cial capacity, it would be no breach pf privilege,
and this House had no authority to bring any man
in America before its bar to answer to a self-con-
stituted tribunal, as it would be, for a breach of
privilege, and punish him. If the author of that
article had done more, if he had met the gentleman
from Ohio on Pennsylvania avenue and cudgeled
him, it would have been no breach of the privilege
of a member of this House. He held with the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and he went
far beyond him; the Constitution of the United
States had secured to members of Congress exemp-
tion fromarrestand irresponsibility for words spo-
ken, and some other privileges accorded to them,
for the purpose of enabling them to discharge their
public duties: but this House could not judge and
punish for an infringement of any of these privi-
leges. If a member of the House was subpccnaed
before a petty justice of the peace, he had the right
to plead that he was privileged from arrest, and
that was a question of law "which the justice of
the peace, or any other officer before whom be
might be arraigned, would decide; and whether
the decision was right or wrong, this House had
no right to constitute itself into a legal ti ibunal to
punish such officer for contempt. Suppose, on
his return home, he were to be arrested, and brought
before a legal tribunal: he should exhibit before
the judge his certificate of election, and plead the
privileges expressly secured to him as a member
of Congress in the discharge of his duties, repre-
senting seventy thousanix of his fellow-citizens,
and should demand a release—and the judge would
probably grant it upon the hearing of the facts.
But suppose the judge, from some reason or other,
was not satisfied that he wasa member of Congress,
or, being satisfied, chose to continue him in arrest:
there seemed to be growing the idea that upon
such a state of facts, this House could send for
the judge, bring him up, constitute themselves
into a tribunal for his trial, hear evidence, ransack
the country, and bririg persons and papers from
all parts of it, and punish the judge. There was
no such power conferred upon them by the Con-
stitution.
This House had no more right to arrogate it to
such prerogatives than had the members of a
jockey club, or the crowd who attended a horse
race. They had the right to put out of the Hall
those who should disturb the proceedings of the
body, and they had the other privileges to which
he had referred;'but he had yet to find one line in
the Constitution which extended the power and
privileges of this H^use one inch further.
But it was said they owed it to the dignity of
the House to examine into the case when any one
of its members was assailed. He apprehended
if the House was satisfied that one of its mem-
bers had done a thing unworthy of a member of
this body, and of its own accord saw fit to ex-
amine and punish him, they had the power; but
that was a very different thing from lending itself
to every miserable charge of an editor, to be fol-
lowed, perhaps, by sending to Boston or New
York to bring persons and papers. He hoped
the character of the gentleman from Ohio was
such—he had no reason to doubt it, and he hoped
the character of every other member of the House
was sufficiently clear and pure from eveiy public
imputation—that he could regard with indifference
and scorn all the petty attacks of the newspaper
press. He apprehended, with the gentleman from
Georgia, that if they were thus to extend the limits
of their power and privilege, and lend themselves
to these inquisitions, they would have little else to
do, and the friends of California would look long
and anxiously for any action of Congress on that
subject; and he did not know but those who were
opposed to acting upon her admission might vote
to institute investigations singulatim, seriatim, and
indiodualim; into the charges and slanders which
might be found against each member, in the public
press throughout the country. The House had
no such power. He hoped the occasion would be
taken to ascertain and lay down the limits to this
monstrous doctrine of privileges.
A member was not responsible for words spoken
in debate. What was the meaning of this ? He
could not be sued, or brought before a tribunal to
answer for them. Wherever he was sued, the
judge would see whether the words were spoken
in the proper and legitimate discharge of his du-
ties, or whether he had taken advantage of his
official position to slander any person. In this
way the quo animo would be ascertained, and
whatever decision the court might arrive at, the
House had nothing to do with it. This was one
of those doctrines which had been enforced by the"
English Parliament—the highest tribunal on the
other side of the water—and which, without
rhyme or reason, had been ingrafted upon the
institutions of Republican America in this legisla-
tive body.
He disclaimed being actuated by any unkind
feelings toward the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings.] If he (Mr. M.) believed that the
character of that gentleman had suffered by an
anonymous attack in a newspaper, or that the dig-
nity of the body had suffered by such an attack,
he would be the last man to refuse such an inves-
tigation. And if the gentleman from Ohio would
rise iirhiPplaceand say that he felt his character
had been injured, and tnat he asked an investiga-
tion at the hands of the .House, he (Mr. M.)
would very likely vote, as a favor, to accord such
an investigation to him, as he had done in the case
of the Secretary of Waj\ But when the demand
was made as a constitutional right—when it was
contended that whenever a member might have
been charged by a newspaper with crime, njisde-
meaner, or other offence, the House was to organ-
ize itself into a court of justice, to send for per-
sons and papers, and to try that issue, he felt it to
be his duty to resist it.
Mr. SWEETSER said, Mr. Speaker, my col-
league [Mr. Giddings-] has called the attention
of the House to an article in the " Boston Atlas,"
which imputes to him a grave charge; if true, an
offence which should expel him from this Hall,
and render him infamous among men.
The charge is, that my colleague, availing him-
self of a right which he has as a member of Con-
gress, had access to the official files of the Post
Office Department, and whilst in possession of the
papers in relation to the post office at Oberlip,
Ohio, he surreptitiously extracted certain papers
therefrom, which have been sent to Oberlin, un-
der his official frank, contrary to the wishes of
the Post Office Department, and in violation of tije
confidence which his official station conferred.
This is a grave charge, and one, if true, which
renders my colleague unworthy of either private
or public confidence, and should ex-pel him from
this Hall. The object of my colleague in calling
the attention of the House to the charge, is doubt-
less to have the House vindicate itself, by prompt
action, in ascertaining the truth of the charge and
purging itself from an unworthy and criminal
member; or if the chaige should prove false
and malicious, to visit the offender with such pun-
ishment as is known to belong to parliamentary
bodies.
The ground has been assumed and argued,
that the article alluded to does not bring the case
within the provisions of the Constitution, which
! defines and enumerates the privileges of the
! members of this House. The Constitution does
define the privileges of the members of this
House, and it is true that this case does not come
within the purview of the enumerated privi-
leges, . •
It is also true that the Constitution nowhere
enumerates or defines the privileges of this House;
and it follows that this House has all the rights,
immunities, and privileges, as a legislative brunch
! of the Government, that are known t6 belong and
i appertain to parliamentary bodies m all civilized
J countries. In the absence of any constitutional
! restriction, I maintain that this House, as a legis-
lative body, has all the rights, so far as the pro-
| tection of itself and all its members are concerned,
! as the British Parliament. There pre certain in-
1 herent and necessary rights and privileges belong-
ing to all organized bodies, which are incident to
their organization, and cannot be withdiawn with-
out destroying the existence of the body itself.
Now the privilege of a member from arrest in
civil cases, and his immunity for words spoken
in debate, are personal, and relate to himself in
his individual capacity. When he convenes witti
the members which are necessary to constitute
a quoium, and an organization is effected, he
has, in addition to his personal privileges, the
privileges of the body of which iie is an ele-
ment, and the privileges of that body in its ag-
gregate capacity. Combine those great essential
: rights of the whole constituency, and which be-
long only to the law-making power of a country,
' it is that right and privelege that has been tienched
j upon in this case; and it is for the House to deter-
j mine in a given case what action it will take in
j order to vindicate its character, or the character of
I any member thereof; and in doing that, they may
j look to the parliamentary law and usage for rules
I of action, if not as a source of power.
I If any person or persons do an act which renders
1 a member of this House infamous and prostrates
! his influence, does not the act affect the privileges
| of this House? -
j Are we bound to sit here with men who have
; violated the confidence which attaches to the sta-
