1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not carry his views of the privilege of members to
the extent to which some gentlemen did. But he
did go for this—the right of any member when as-
sailed, to bring the subject before the House, in
order that the House may determine what to do
■with the case. And what is this case? Hiscolleague
had been charged with an act which, if true, was
not to be justified. It was an act which reflected
dishonor on this House, of which he was a mem-
ber. He himself would feel it a dishonor to be
associated with one who could be guilty of such
an act. His colleague had been charged with
taking papers from the Post Office Department,
and sending them m a different direction, under his
frank, from that which was intended for them; and
this was done in the office of Fitz Henry "Waaren.
Now, he desired it to be understood, tht he had
no acquaintence with this Mr. Fitz Henry War-
ren. He had no intercourse with him. But no
one could read this libelous statement which his
colleague had submitted, without being convinced
that it originated with this Fitz Henry Warren.
There were facts in it which he only could have
known. The article must have emanated from
Mr. Fitz Henry Warren. No other person could
have known the facts. If his colleague had done
what was charged against him, he deserved pun-
ishment. It was due to the House that he should
be dishonored if guilty—it was due to his constit-
uents. Yes, sir, (continued Mr. R.,) and it is due
to me that I may not be dishonored by association
•with him on this floor.
It was due to the House also, to know whence
this statement originated; and if it should be found
that it originated with an official in the depart-
ment, heoughtto be punished. He did not intend
to move any resolution on the subject, because he
thought it might appear indelicate in him to take
that course. But he hojied that some gentleman
would introduce a resolution for the purpose of
obtaining that full and complete investigation
which his colleague desired. It was due to his
colleague lhat this should be done. A select com-
mittee in the case of Mr. Crawford was raised at
his instance. It is admitted that he had a right
to ask of Congress this investigation. Had not
his colleague an equal right? Had he not a right
to ask Congress to investigate the truth or false-
hood of this statement? He did not intend to say
that his colleague had any exclusive right to ask
this, because of his privilege as a member of this
House. But if such a favor was granted to the
Secretary of War at his request, why might it not
also be granted to his colleague at his request ?
Should it turn out that his colleague had been
guilty of the act charged against hiin, he ought to
be punished. But if it should prove to be a mere
libel, and could be traced to an official of the Gov-
ernment, the punishment ought then to fall on that
official.
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
be informed by the Speaker upon what the ques-
tion would be ?
The SPEAKER. The question now submitted
to the House is, whether the subject-matter
brought before the House involves a question of
privilege for the consideration of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON. There is then no resolu-
tion before the House ?
The SPEAKER. None—and none will be in
order until this question is disposed of.
After a brief conversation between Mr. Harris,
of Illinois, and the Speaker—
Mr. GIDDINGS desired, he said, to be informed
whether he was correct in his-understanding of
the question. He had presented certain facts as
a question of privilege. The Speaker had decided
that the question was to be submitted to the
House. An appeal had been taken from that de-
cision. He understood that the question now was
on the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The appeal hasbeen disposed of.
Mr. HARALSON. I hope my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, as 1 desire to say a
word in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Root ]
Mr. BOYD said, he did not know when the de-
bate would be arrested, if he withdrew the demand
for the previous question. He preferred, there-
fore, to adhere to it.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previ-
ous question is not withdrawn.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] will oblige me by with-
drawing the previous question for a few moments.
Mr. BOYD. Well, I will withdraw it.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am obliged to the gentle-
man. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to remark, that many
members of the House have misunderstood my
object in bringing this question before it. I was
actuated by the sincerest conviction that it was
due to the House, that it should purge itself of
this scandal. 1 will repeat what 1 said in a former
Congress, upon a similar question. The question
of private character—of personal security—is a
question devolving upon every man. I never have
brought, and I never shall bring, before this body
a question involving the pjptection of my personal
rights. It is solely a question of duty to the House
itself, whether it will suffer the body to be con-
taminated by the presence of a member capable of
such acts as are charged in this article. I have
brought this matter to the consideration of the
House, because I think (as my colleague remarks)
that it is a duty which they owe themselves to
inquire into it; and if the charge is found to be
true, the House should, in my opinion, pass a
vote of expulsion. It is a duty which they ow,e
to themselves—to the purity of the body—to its
honor and its character—to deal with such a
member in that way. And, I repeat, it is in that
view only that I have brought the matter to the
consideration of the House.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] has
demanded tl^ previous question. 1 had hoped
that some gentleman would have offered a reso-
lution providing for the appointment of a commit-
tee. I do not know that any gentleman will be
disposed to do so. It is riot for me 
Mr. PRESTON KING, (interposing.) If the
gentleman will give way, 1 will submit such a
motion.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Giddings.) Does the
gentleman yield the floor to the gentleman from
New York? [Mr. King]
Mr. GIDDINGS assented.
Mr. KING. I will then move that the whole
subject be referred to a select committee, with in-
structions to investigate into the truth or falsehood
of the charge.
The SPEAKER. The motion made by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. King] will pre-
sent the question in a more tangible form than it
would take without such amotion; the question
will then be submitted to the House whether the
question is one of privilege for its consideration.
If the House determine that it is a question of
privilege, the question then will be on agreeing to
the motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. KING. I desire to say, that I should have
made the motion at a much earlier period, but that
I had hoped some other gentleman would have
done so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, submitted to the
Chair that the motion of the gentlemen from New
York [Mr. Preston King] was not now m order.
The only question before the House was, whether
this was a question of privilege, or not. He
(Mr. S.) might be willing to vote in favor of the
motion of the gentleman from New York; but he
(Mr. S.) desired that a vote should first be taken
on the preliminary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Georgia, that the motion of
the gentleman from New York can only be enter-
tained in the event that the House decide it to be
a question of privilege.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected to the
reception of the motion until it was decided to be
a question of privilege.
Mr. STRONG said he had prepared a resolution
which he had intended to ofTer after the House
should have disposed of the question which he
supposed was preliminary. He submitted that
the House should first decide whether the gentle-
man from Ohio had brought forward a question of
privilege, and, until that was decided, no other
motion was in order. He thought it was due to
the House that there should be a committee of in-
vestigation, and if the House determined that it
was a question of privilege, he would offer his
resolution, unless the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Preston King] should prefer to adhere to
his motion.
The proposed resolution was read, as follows'.
Resolved, That a committee of Ave members of the
House be appointed to investigate, the charges against the
Honorable Joshua H. Giddings, a member of this body,
contained in the, Boston Atlas, of the 2(1 instant, over' the
signature of "L'Oceident," and to make report to this
House of the truth or falsehood thereof, and that said com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. PRESTON KING withdrew his motion
to give place to the resolution.
Mr. JONES objected to the reception of the
resolution. ... 
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
Jones, Stephens of Georgia, and the Speaker
participated. The two former gentlemen argued
that the resolution of Mr. Strong could not be
received until the House had first determined that
the subject involved a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order.
And the question being on the reception of the
resolution of Mr. Strong as a question of privi-
lege-
Mr. STRONG moved the previous question,
but withdrew the motion at request, and on pledge
of its renewal by
- Mr. HARALSON,, who said: Having paid
some attentipn to the subject, he had come to
the conclusion that the charge did not come -
before the House in that authentic, responsible
manner which would authorize an investigation
by the House; he should, therefore, after he had
said a word or two, conclude by moving the pre-
vious question, in accordance with his pledge, and,
were he left to follow the dictates of his own judg-
ment, he should move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
What was the state of the case? A gentleman
came before the House with an anonymous letter
which had found its way into the public papers,
making certain charge? against him, in which the
House had no particular concern, and only the
general concern they should have at abuses in any
department of the Government. It was r.ot stated
how this matter came forward—it had no respon-
sible author. They were called upon to base.„the
solemn action of the House upon an anonymous
letter—it not being even alleged that the wiiter had
a seat as a reporter or a correspondent on this
floor. If this were decided to be a question of
privilege, he concurred in the idea which had been
expressed by other gentlemen, that they would be
very likely to have their whole time consumed
with questions of privilege.
It was true that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Root,] had said that no man could doubt that the
charge had originated in the Post Office Depart-
ment. But that was not directly stated: he did
not understand the gentleman from Ohio as char-
ging lhat it had come fVpin the Second Assistant
Postmaster General.
Mr. ROOT explained, that the gentleman had
misunderstood him; he had not intended to con-
vey the idea that this whole article had originated
at the Post Office Department, but he had said that
the facts alleged must have come from the Second
Assistant Postmaster General, and from the cir-
cumstances of the case, could have had no other
origin. , , , ,
Mr. HARALSON accepted the gentleman s ex-
planation, and repeated, that the gentleman from
Ohio did not now make the charge; if the gen-
tleman did, he should feel himself called upon to
vote to investigate it, because he should conceive
it due to the dignity of the House.
The gentleman from Ohio was presumed to be
innocent of the offence charged, until the charge
was made by a lesponsible person; and before
that time the House was not called upon to inves-
tigate it.
In accordance with his pledge, he concluded by
moving the previous question, repeating at the
same time, that he should have preferred the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
There was a second.
And the main question,(which was stated by the
Speaker to be, " Does the subject-matter brought
before the House by the gentleman from Ohio,
involve a question of privilege, for the considera-
of the House?") was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted—yeas 71>
nays 89; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander. Allen, Alston, Andrews,
Bissell, Bokee, Booth, liriggs, William J. Brown, Burrows,
Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell. Cartter, Cole,
Corwin, Daniel, Dickey, Dimmick, Dixon> JDoty, Duncan,
