246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
trict, and without just compensation to the owners of slaves
within the District.
6th. But Resolved, That it is expedient to prohibit within
the District the slave-trade,in slaves brought into it from
States or places beyond the limns of the Di&triet, either to
t>e sold therein as merchandise, or to be transported to
other markets without the District of Columbia.
The first of these resolutions, Mr. President, in
somewhat different language, asserts substantially
no other principle than that which was asserted
by the Senate of the United States twelve years
ago, upon resolutions which I then offered, and
which passed—at least the particular resolution
Fassed—by a majority of four-fifths of the Senate.
allude to the resolution presented by me in 1838.
I shall not enlarge on that resolution; it speaks for
itself; it declares that the institution of slavery
should not be abolished in the District of,Columbia
without the concurrence of three conditions; first,
the assent of Maryland; second, the assent of the
people within the District; and third, compen-
sation to the owners o*f the slaves within the Dis-
trict for their property.
The next resolution proposed deserves a passing
remark. It is that the slave trade within the Dis-
trict ought to be abolished, prohibited. I do not
mean by that the alienation and transfer of slaves
from the inhabitants within this District—the sale
by one neighbor to another of a slave which the
one owns and the other wants, that a husband may
perhaps be put along with his wife, or a wife with
her -husband. I do not mean to touch at all the
question of the right of property in slaves amongst
persons living within the District; but the slave
trade to which I refer was, I think, pronounced an
abomination more than forty years ago, by one of
the most gifted and distinguished sons of Virginia,
the late Mr. Randolph. And who is there who is
not shocked at its enormity ? Sir, it is a great mis-
take at the North, if they suppose that gentlemen
living in the slave States look upon one who is a
regular trader m slaves with any particular favor
or kindness. They are often—sometimes unjustly,
perhaps—excluded from social intercourse, I have
known some memorable instances of this sort.
But, then, what is this trade? It is a gocftl deal
limited since the retrocession of the portion of the
District formerly belonging to Virginia. There
are Alexandria, Richmond, Petersburg, and Nor-
folk south of the Potomac, and Baltimore, Annap-
olis and perhaps other ports, north of the Potomac.
Let the slave-dealer, who chooses to collect hisslaves
in Virginia and Maryland, go to these places; let
him not come here and establish his jails and put
on his chains, and sometimes shock the sensibili-
ties of our nature by a long train of slaves passing
through that avenue leading from Una Capitol to
the house of the Chief Magistrate of one of the
most glorious Republic?' that ever existed. Why
should he not do it? Sir, I am sure 1 speak the
sentiments of every Southern man, and every man
coming from the slave States, when I say let it
terminate, and that it is an abomination; that there
is no occasion for it; it ought no longer to be
tolerated.
The seventh resolution relates to a subject em-
braced in a bill now under consideration by the
Senate. It is as follows:
7th. Resolved, That more effectual provision ought to be
made by law ,*accoi ding to the rcquimnent of the Constitu-
tion, for the restitution aud delivery ot persons bound to t ei-
vice or labor in any Stale who may escape into any other
State or Territory m the Union.
Sir, that is so evident, and has been so clearly
shown by the debate which has already taken
place on the subject, that I have not now occasion
to add another word.
The last resolution of the series of eight is as
follows:
AnrfSth. Resolved, That Congress has no power to pro-
hibit or obstruct the trade in slaves between the slaveholdmg
States ; but that the admission or exclusion of slaves brought
fiow one mto another of them, depends exclusively upon
their own particular law*.
It is obvious that no legislation is necessary or
intended to follow that resolution. It merely as-
serts a truth, established by the highest authority
of law in this country, and in conformity with
that decision I trust there will be one universal
acquiescence.
1 should not have thought it necessary to em-
brace m that resolution the declaration which is
fntiji-aced in it, but that I thought it might be use-
ful in treating of the whole subject, and m accord-
ance with the practice of our British and American
ancestors, occasionally to resort to great funda- ,
mental principles, and bring them freshly and !
manifestly before our eyes, from time to time, to
avoid their being violated upon any occasion.
Mr. President, you have before you the whole
series of resolutions, the whole scheme of arrange-
ment and accommodation of these distracting
questions, which I have to offer, after having be-
stowed on these subjects the most anxious, in-
tensely anxious, consideration ever since I have
been in this body. How far it may prove accept-
able to both or either of the parties on these great
questions, it is not for me to say. I think it ought
to be acceptable to both. There is no sacrifice of
any principle, proposed in any of them, by either
party. The plan is founded upon mutual forbear-
ance, originating in a spirit of conciliation and con-
cession; not of principles, but of matters of feeling.
At the North, sir, I know that from feeling, by
many at least cherished as b9k\g dictated by con-
siderations of humanity and'philanthropy, there
exists a sentiment adverse to the institution of
slavery.
Sir, I might, I think—although I believe this
project contains about an equal amount of conces-
sion and forbearance on both sides—have asked
from the free States of the North a more liberal
and extensive concession than should be asked
from the slave States. And why, sir? With you, ;
gentlemen Senators of the free States, what is it? j
An abstractions vsentiment—a sentiment, if you j
please, of humanity and philanthropy—a noble :
sentiment, when directed rightly, with no sinister !
or party purposes; an atrocious sentiment—a de-
testable sentiment—or rather the abuse of it—when
directed to the accomplishment of unworthy pur-
poses. 1 said that I might ask from you larger
and more expansive concessions than from the
slave States. And why? You are numerically
more powerful than the slave States. Not that
there is any difference—for upon that subject I
cannot go along with the ardent expression of feel-
ing by some of my friends coming from the same
class of States from which I come—not that there
is any difference in valor, in prowess, in noble and
patriotic daring, whenever it is required for the
safety and salvation of the country, between the
people of one class of States and thoseof the other.
You are in point of numbers, however, greater;
and greatness and magnanimity should ever be
allied together.
But there are other reasons why concession upon
such a subjcct as this should be more liberal, more
expansive, coming from the free than from the
plnve vStates. It is, as I remarked, a sentiment, a
sentiment of humanity and philanthropy on your
side. Aye, sir, and when a sentiment 6f that
kind is honestly and earnestly cherished, with a
disposition to make saciiftces to enforce it, it is a
noble and beautiful sentiment; but, sir, when the
sacrifice is not to be made by those who cherish
that sentiment and inculcate it, but by another
people, in whose situation it is impossible, from
their position, to sympathize and to share all and
everything that belongs to them, I must say to
you Senators from the free States, it is a totally
different question. On your side it is a sentiment
without sacrifice, a sentiment without danger, a
sentiment without hazard, without peril, without
loss. But how is it on the other side, to which,
as I have said, a greater amount of concession
ought to be made in any scheme of compromise?
In the first place, sir, there is a vast and incalcu-
lable amount of property to' be sacrificed, and to
be sacrificed, not by your sharing in the common
burdens, but exclusive of you. And this is not
all. The social intercourse, habit, safety, proper-
ty, life, everything, is at hazard in a greater or less
degree in the slave States.
Sir, look at that storm which is now raging be-
fore you, beating in alt its rage pitilessly on your
family. They are in the South. But where are
your families, where are your people, Senators
from the free States? They are safely housed,
enjoying all the blessings of domestic comfort, i
peace, and quiet in the bosom of their own fami- i
lies.
Behold, Mr. President, that dwelling-house now i
wrapped in flames. Listen, sir, to the rafters and !
beams which fall in succession, amid the crash; :
and the flames ascending higher and higher as '
they tumble down. Behold those women and
children who are flying from the calamitous scene, I
and with their shrieks and lamentations imploring ;
the aid of high Heaven. Whose house is that? !
Whose wives and children are they ? Yours in S
the free States ? No. You are looking on in safety
and security, whilst the conflagration which I have
described is raging in the slave States, and pro-
duced, not intentionally by you, but produced
from the inevitable tendency of the measures which
you have adopted, and which others have carried
far beyond what you have wished.
In the one scale, then, we behold sentiment,
sentiment, sentiment alone; in the other property,
the social fabric, life, and all that makes life de-
sirable and happy.
But, sir, I find myself engaged much beyond
what I intended, when I came this morning from
my lodgings, in the exposition with which I intend-
ed these resolutions should go forth to the consid-
eration of the world. I cannot omit, however,
before I conclude, relating an incident, a thrilling
incident, which occurred prior to my leaving my
lodgings this morning.
A man came to my room—the same at whose
instance a few days agol presented a memorial
calling upon Congress for the purchase of Mount
j Vernon for the use of the public—and, without
j being at all aware of what purpose 1 entertained
1 in the discharge of my public duty to-day, he
J said to mc: " Mr. Clay, I heard you make a re-
; mark the other day which induces me to suppose
I that a precious relic in my possession would be
| acceptable to you.'' He then drew out of his
! pocket, and presented to me, the object which I
now hold in my hand. And what, Mr. President,
do you suppose it is ? It is a fragment of the cof-
fin of Washington—a fragment of that coffin in
which now repose in silence, in sleep, and speech-
less, all the earthly remains of the venerated Fa-
ther of his Country. Was it portentous that it
should have been thus presented to me? Was it
a sad presage of what might happen to that fabric
which Washington's virtue, patriotism, and valor
established ? No, sir, no. It was a warning voice,
coming from the grave to the Congress now in ses-
sion to beware, to pause, to reflect before they
lend themselves to any purposes which shall de-
stroy that Union which was cemented by his exer-
tions and example. Sir, I hope an impression
may be made on your mind such as that which
was made on mine by the reception of this pre-
cious relic.
And, in conclusion, I now ask every Senator, I
i entreat you, gentlemen, in fairness and candor, to
examine the plan of accommodation which this
series of resolutions proposes, and not to pro-
nounce against them until convinced after a thor-
ough examination. I move that the resolutions
be tead and received.
The resolutions were then read as follows:
Tt being desirable for the peace, concord, and harmony of
the Union of these States, to settle and adju-t amicably all
e.u>ting question* of controversy between them, arising out '
of the institution of slavery, upon a tair, equitable, and just
ba^is: 'J'heielore,
ls«t. Resolved, That California, with suitable boundaries,
ought upon her application to be admitted as one of the
States of this Union, without the imposition by Congress of
j any re&tuctinn in le&pect to the exclusion or introduction of
j slavery within those boundaries.
I 2d. Resolved, That as slavery does not exist by law, and
; is not likely to be introduced into any of the territoiy ac-
! quired by the United States from the Republic of Me\ico,
j it is inexpedient for Congies* topiovide by law cither for its
intioduction into or exclusion from anv paitof the  aid ter-
ritory; and that appropriate Territorial governments ought
to be established by Congress in all of the said territory, not
aligned as the boundaries of the proposed State of Califor-
nia, witkout the adoption of any restriction or condition on
the ^ubjeet of slavery.
3d Resolved, That the western boundary of the State of *
Texas ought to be fixed on the Rio del Norte, commencing
one marine league trom its mouth, and running up that river
to the southern line of New Mexico ; thcnce with that line
eastvvaidly. and so continuing m the same direction to the
line as established between the United States and Spain,
excluding &nv portion of New Mexico, whether lying on the
ea?t or west of that river
4th. Resolved. That it be proposed to the State ot Texas
that the United States will provide for the pavment of all that
poition of the legitimate and bona fule public debt uf (hat
State contracted priorfr, its annexation to the United States,
and for which the duties on foreign imports were pledged
by the said State to its creditors not exceeding the *um of
5 (n consideration of the said dunes so pledged
having beenno longer applicable to that object after the
said annexation, but having hencefoi w.srd become payable
to tiie United States; and upon the condition also that the
said State of Texa=«hall, by some solemn and authentic act
of her Legn-iatuie, or of a convention^ relinquish to the
United States any claim which it has to any part of New
Mexico,
5th. Resolved, That it h inexpedient to abolish slavery ill
the District of Columbia, whilst that institution continues
to exist m the State ot Maryland, without the consent ofthat
State, without the consent of the people of the District, and
without just compensation to the owners of slaves within
the District.
