1850.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
247,
6th. But Resolv&J, That it is expedient to prohibit within
the District the slave-trade, in Haves brought into it from
States or places beyond the limits ot the District, either to
foe sold therein as merchandise, or to he transported to other
markets without the District of Columbia.
7tii. Resolved, That more effectual provision owidH to be
made by law, according to the requirement of the Constitu-
tion, for the restitution and delivery of persons bound to
service or labor in any State, who may escape into any other
State or Territory in the Union.
And 3th. Rtsolted, That Congress has no power to pro-
hibit or ohstruet Ihe trade in slaves between theslavebolding
States; hut that the admission or exclusion of slaves bt ought
from one into another of them, depends exclusively upon
their own particular laws.
Mr. CLAY. I had intended to propose that we
should now fix upon some convenient day for the
discussion of these resolutions. I shall be satisfied
with any early day which the Senate in their pleas-
ure may decide upon. I would propose Monday
or Tuesday of the next week.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend, Mr. President, to
enter into this discussion, and I rise simply for the
purpose of saying that I regret extremely that the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky, in his laud-
able desire to settle a very troublsome question
now agitating the people of the United States,
should have seen proper, lather unceremoniously
as I think, to take one-half of the territory of the
State I have the honor in part here to represent, to
make a peace-offering to a spirit of encroachment
on the constitutional rights of one-half of this
Union. I do not intend to enter into any discus-
sion of that grave and.important question, nor do
I intend, when the discussion of these resolutions
shall arise, to put myself in opposition to the
powers of oratory of the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky; but I do promise now to piove,
when that discussion shall arise, that the bound-
aries of Texas are to the Rio Grande*, that no
power at all exists in Congress to take cognizance
■of that question; and that the Congress of the
United States cannot interfere with the boundaries
of the State of Texas without inflicting a deeper
stain on the high reputation of the Government of
the United States for justice than would be done
by appropriating the entire amount of territory
which was acquired by all for the exclusive benefit
■of one-half of those who acquired it.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I wish it were in
my power to act in accordance with the request
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] who seems so strongly to deprecate de-
bate, at the present moment, upon the resolutions
introduced by him, and who has so strongly
urged us to deliberate well and dispassionately
upon these resolutions before we take ground
against them. But indeed, sir, I feel it impossi-
ble to remain altogether silent without more or
less subjecting myself to misconstruction, and
exposing to serious danger principles which I
hofd to be indispensable to the safety of the
southern States of the Confederacy, and to the
integrity of the Union itself. I know well that
the honorable Senator's intentions are pure and
patriotic—that he designs only the safety and hap-
piness of the whole republic; and yet I do verily
believe that if the resolutions now introduced by
him shall be adopted, accompanied by the remarks
which he has just uttered in our hearing, without
any response,' or even suggestion of objection
from any southern Senator, a presumption of
acquiescence might arise which would be deeply
detrimental to a cause which I hold dearer than
lire itself. I do not propose to discuss these reso-
lutions in extenso; I will not thus far interfere
with the wishes of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky ; but a few remarks by way of protest,
I must be allowed at once to put in. l'le.se>
though, will be as brief as possible. In offering
such remarks, I find myself somewhat embar-
rassed, in consequence of never having had an
opportunity of reading the resolutions of the hon-
orable Senator, and only having heard them read
bv him in the course of his comments upon them.
If 1 misconstrue their import in any particular it
will not be matter of surprise to any one, or con-
stitute just ground of complaint against me.
If 1 understand the resolutions properly, they
are objectionable, as it seems to me: 1. Because"
thev only assert that it is not expedient that Con-
gress should abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia; thus allowing the implication to arise
that Congress has power to legislate on the subject
of slavery m the District, which may hereafter be
exercised if it should become expedient to do so;
whereas, I hold that Congress has, under the
Constitution, no such legislative power at all, and
that any attempt thus to legislate would be a gross
fraud upon all the States of the Union.
2. The resolutions of the honorable Senator as-
sert that slavery does not now exist by law in the
territories recently acquired from Mexico; where-
as 1 am of opinion that the treaty with the Mexi-
can republic carried the Constitution, with all its
guaranties, to all the territory obtained by treaty,
and secured the privilege to every southern slave-
holder to enter any part of it, attended by his slave
property, and to enjoy the same therein free frqm
a!! molestation or hinderance whatsoever.
3. Whether slavery is or is not likely to be in-
troduced into these territories, or into any one of
them, is a proposition too uncertain, in my judg-
ment, to be at present positively affirmed; and I am
unwilling to make a solemn legislative declaration
on the point. Let the future provide the appropriate
solution of this interesting question.
4. Considering, as I have several times hereto-
fore formally declared, the title of Texas to all the
territory embraced in her boundaries as laid down
in her law of 1836, full, complete, and undeniable)
I am unwilling to say anything, by resolution or
otherwise, which may in the least degree draw
that title into question, as I think is done by one
of the resolutions of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky.
5. I am, upon constitutional and other grounds,
wholly opposed to the principle of assuming State
debts, which 1 understand to be embodied in one of
the resolutions of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. If Texan soil is to be bought, (and with
certain appropriate safeguards, I am decidedly in
favor of it,) let us pay to the sovereign State of
Texas the value thereof in money, to be used by
hersas she pleases. It will be, as 1 think, more del-
icate and respectful to let her provide for the man-
agement of this matter, which is strictly domestic
in its character, in such mhnneras she may choose
—presuming that she will act wisely, justly, and
honorably towards all to whom she may be ii>
debted.
6. As to the abolition of the slave trade in the
District of Columbia, I see no particular objection
to it, provided it is done in a delicate and judicious
manner, and is not a concession to menaces or de-
mands of factionists and fanatics. If other ques-
tions can be adjusted, this one will, perhaps, occa-
sion but little difficulty.
7. The resolutions which provide for therestO'
ration of fugitives from labor or service, and for
the establishment of territorial governments free
from all restriction on the subject of slavery, have
my hearty approval. The last resolution—-which
asserts that Congress has no power to prohibit the
trade in slaves from State to State—I equally ap-
PTeif all other questions connected with the sub-
ject of slavery can be satisfactorily adjusled, I see
no objection to admitting all California above the
line of 36 degrees and 30 minutes into the Union;
provided another new slave Slate can be laid off
within the present limits of Texas, so as to keep
up the present equiponderance between the slave
and the free States of the Union; and provided,
further, all this is done by way of compromise, and
in order to save the Union, (as dear to me as to
any man living.) ... ,
Having thus frankly stated my objections to the
honorable Senator's resolutions, and having stated
also wherein I approve them, I shall cease to oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. it is my purpose not to engage
at present in the discussion of thi§ subject. Nor
do I rise to make any observations, except one or
two, in respect to what the Senator from Texas
Mr. Rusk] has said. He, I think, misunderstood
the line referred to in the resolution, as the pro-
posed boundary of the State. It does take him to
the Del Norte, but it does not give him the whole
of it from the mouth to its source. And in regard
to the portion of country acquired from Mexico,
called New Mexico, it is a proposition to his
State. On this subject I have expressed the opin-
ions I hold, and if at any time I shall find it neces-
sary to discuss these opinions with the honorable
Senator, perhaps 1 might be disposed to do so, for
I differ in toto with him. Sir, I honor the Senator s
watchfulness, for it was all proper in him, as one
of the representatives of the State of Texas, when
he found that her garments were to be touched, to
rise and make his protest against it. But really,
Bir,-when I think" of the liberality1 W-the offer, !
cannot but think that both.he and his State had;
better accept than reject it. It is an offer, however,
and may be rejected or not. If so, each party will
remain in possession of its own rights. . .
Respecting what ths Sanator from Mississippi
[Mr. Foote] says, I know that he speaks from;
kindness m everything that he has uttered, and I am
very happy to find his objections levelled rather
at the affairs of the District of Columbia, except as,
respects the limits of California, which is a sub-
ject for fair consideration when the question of her
admission shall come up. I was not able to get
maps to consider the question of her limits, and I
have therefore expressed it in the resolution "sim-.
ilar limits," leaving my own mind open upon the
subject.
I think the Senator from Mississippi also will
find, when he comes to consider the resolution,-
that the basis of slavery in this District is put on
a firm footing with regard to the constitutional
question. I have expressed my opinion, and we
argued the matter twelve years ago in the Senate,
and a majority in this body, a large majority,
thought that there was an implied faith on the part
of the Government not to abolish slavery in the
District; but that the power existed, I suppose at
least three-fourths of this body believed at that
time. And in lieu of the adoption of a resolution
—which I think was offered by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]—whose illness I
have heard with profound sensations of regret,
and of whose probable speedy recovery I have
heard with great pleasure—which took the ground
and advanced the doctrine of its being unconstitu-
tional, I took a different ground, and at least <wo-
thirds, if not a larger portion of this body, con-
curred with me. We thought the power existed,
hut that it could not be exercised withouta violation
of the good faith implied in the terms of the ces-
sion of the District. That is the ground then ta-
ken, and I think the same ground, taken in this
resolution, is impregnable now.
Mr. FOOTE. I am much gratified to hear the
explanation of the Senator; still I think, with
great deference, that the resolution itself is not so
strong as the Senator has just stated. It is one
thing to .assert the inexpediency of a measure, and
certainly a very different thing to assert that if
adopted it would be fraudulent, and adopted in bad
faith. This is my opinion, and this is the opinion
expressed by the Senator from Kentucky now,
and as I understand formerly expressed by him.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will attend to the
latter part of the resolution he will see that the
expression is inexpedient, on the principles referred
to. I dare say there are many phrases in the resor-
ptions which can be improved by suggestion from
the Senator from Mississippi and others, but if he
will reflect for a moment he will find that I say
inexpedient without—what? It is inexpedient
unless Maryland and the people of the District
consent, and unless the property is paid for when
taken. I think that is as strong ground as can be
assumed. I would not use the word unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. FOOTE. I regret that the resolutions of
the honorable Senator, in regard to the power osf
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, are not as explicit or as comprehensive
as his present words. They were doubtless .de-
signed to be so; but yet they are not; it being one
thing to assert that it is inexpedient to legislate in
a particular mode, and another and a very differ-
ent thing to assert that such legislation would be
fraudulent. To say that Congress cannot legis-
late in regard to slavery in the District, except by
violating the principles of good faith, as pledged' in
the compact of union, is really saying that Con-
gress cannot thus legislate 111 this mode at all;
since it would be not a little absurd, as it seems to
me, to suppose that rightful powers of legislation
can be conferred by a written constitution, which
could not be exercised at all, except per fraudem.
Now, I hold that Congress has no power to
legislate on the subject of slavery at all, any-
where; no express power having been given for
this purpose, and the authority thus to legislate not
being clearly deducible as one necessarily arising
by implication from any power specifically granted.
This is, in my opinion, a prohibited subject, upon
which it was not designed that Congress shou d
ever legislate at all in any conceivable case; The
principles of good faith spoken of must clear'/ ap-
