250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
conviction, as his determined'purpose, to resist
the introduction of slavery into ariy part of Cali-
fornia. Sir, his opinions may have been very
deliberately formed. He may have been all the
time making up those determinations, that he has
been preparing these resolutions; for certainly no
language "of mine can have produced the determi-
nation of the Senator. I have not proposed to
compel slaveholders to take their slaves todalifor-
nia, nor to revive the African slave trade. Neither
was the construction warranted by my having
used the word upon which he hangs his argument.
I did not use the word "introduction," nor sug-
gest the idea of compulsion. The Senator has
set up his own cob-house, to show how skillfully
he could knock it down. It is no fabric of mine.
We maintain that it is the right of the people of
the South to carry this species of property to any
portion of the Territories of the United States;
that it rests under the Constitution, upon the same
basis as other property; but, when speaking of a
compromise, it was the ultimatum I announced.
It is strange that the Senator from Kentucky
' should be so much surprised; it certainly was not
a new question with him, nor with his colleague,
with whom, on a former occasion, a similar prop-
osition originated. It is a partial recognition of
a right we claim to be co-extensive with the Terri-
tories of the United States; but which we are
willing, in a spirit of compromise, and in compli-
ance with the past acquiescence of the States, to
restrict by the parallel of 36° 30' north.
Now, this is conceding agreatdeal. If the line
were established upon any great principle aris-
ing from climate or productions, it would be differ-
ent; then the line would not extend upon the same
parallel .of latitude. If it were a line of tempera-
ture, then, as the isothermal line bends upward, it
would go orth of that parallel of latitude. It is
out of respect to the past, and from anxious desire
peaceably to adjust a most vexatious and dangerous
question, that we agree to adopt this abitrary line.
And this compromise, upon which most of his
fame rests, originated, under like circumstances,
with the Senator who now with such settletl pur-
pose declares his opposition to a fair application
of its principle to the present case. Then all the
territory involved, that of Missouri, was slave
territory; the compromise act prohibited slavery
in a part of the territory. Now, according to the
position of the Senator, slavery is excluded from
the whole territory of California and New Mex-
ico. What, then, would the application of the
spirit of the Missouri compromise require? Clearly
that in running the line the question should be put
at rest by declaring that below said line slavery
should be permitted. It is common property of
the States, and if it be proposed to make a division
of it, fairness and future peace require that the
rights and conditions of each part should be pre-
scribed. Less than this would but narrow the
ground and preserve the controversy. And unless
that compromise was founded m fraud, we expect
its application in this case, where all is disputed,
express provisions on both sides of the line. We
cannot agree to leave the question open, especially
after what has been said to-day. It is the effect
and not the form which I consider it my duty to
examine. What matters it whether it be under
cover of the acts of the Mexican Government, or
by the .operation of Congressional law, that
slavery is excluded ? The effect is the same, un-
der the rule the Senator from Kentucky adopts, as
would result from an act of prohibition by the
Congress of the United States. I can only say
that whenever the Senator chooses to make his
argument, I shall be ready to meet it.
Mr. KING. 1 regret that this discussion has
sprung up. I think it has been characterized by a
little more feeling than the occasion called for. I
myself enteitained the opinion that the Senator
from Kentucky brought forward his resolutions
with the best possible intentions, in order to calm
the irritation that unfoi tunately exists in regard to
the slavery question; and to point out, as far as
practicable, according to his judgment, a mode by
which it could be settled, so as to restore fraternal
relations to every portion of the United States.
While I state this, and while I listened with pleas-
ure to many of the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator, 1 am bound to say that 1 do not concur with
him in several of the positions he occupies in these
lesolutions. But, sir, while I do not, I appreciate j
the views and I honor the motives of the honorable !
Senator, and I trust and hope it will be the means
of leading gentlemen on all sides to turn their at-
tention to an investigation of the matter, and final-
ly to the adoption of 3uch a measure as will pre-
serve the rights of all, and restore harmony to the
entire country.
Sir, I have long seen that no good results from
angry discussion upon any question, however un-
important it may be; and, as this question is well
calculated to excite such feeling, 1 conjure gentle-
men to keep as far as possible within those temper-
ate and calm limits which ought to be practicable
to all, in the discussion of questions in the Senate
of the United States which are of tjje utmost im-
portance.
Mr. President, while I am up, I must be per-
mitted to say that I think the honorable Senator
from Kentucky is perfectly correct in character-
izing the constitution of California as being very
irregular in the mode of its formation, and in the
measures resorted to for the purpose of establish-
ing a system of government there. How far, under
these circumstances, it may become us to accept
that constitution, is not for me to say; but I will
simply remark, that unless many objections that
exist, according to the representations that have
been made regarding it, are removed, I never can
give it my sanction. I am for pursuing the good
old mode that has been pointed out by the Senator
from Kentucky—the mode that he .and I have
been accustomed to see practiced so many years,
when we were in the House of Representatives.
Then, sir, all went on well. We gave to such ter-
ritories as we had, territorial governments—
trained them up—fitted them for the exercise and
enjoyment of our institutions; and when thus
fitted, and when they had a population sufficient
to entitle them to become States, we received them
into the Union, after they had formed for them-
selves constitutions and State governments. This,
sir, has been departed from in some instances, but
it has been departed from in no instance in which
a departure was more unjustifiable than in that
which has been referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator; because I think, independently of the inter-
ference to prevent certain institutions from being
adopted, there was not that kind of population
there that justified the formation of a State gov-
ernment; made up as that population seems to
be, of Chinese, Sandwich Islanders, Mexicans,
and the people of other foreign countries.
With regard to the opinions of honorable Sena-
tors'rcspecting the operation of the laws of Mexico
in our newly-acquired territories, there may be,
and no doubt is, an honest difference of opinion
with regard to that matter. Some believe that the
municipal institutions of Mexico override the pro-
visions of our Constitution and prevent us from
carrying our slaves there. That is a matter which
I do not propose to discuss; it has been discussed
at length in the debate upon the compromise bill,
putting it on the ground of a judicial decision. Sir,
I know not—nor is it a matter of much importance
with me-—whether that which the honorable Sen-
ator states to be*«fact, and which, as has been re-
marked by the Senator from Mississippi, can only
be conjectural, be in reality so or not, that slavery
never can go there. This is what is stated, how-
ever. Well, be it so. If slave labor be not profit-
able there, it will not go there, or, if it go, who
will be benefited? Not the South. They will
never compel it to go there. We are misunder-
stood—grossly, I may say—by honorable Sena-
tors, though not intentionally; but we are contend-
ing for principle, and a great principle—a principle
lying at the very foundation of our constitutional
rights—involving, as has been remarked, our prop-
erty; in one word, involving our safety, our
honor, and all that is dear to us as American
freemen. Well, sir, for that principle we will
be compelled to contend to the utmost, and to
resist aggression at every hazard and at every
sacrifice. That is the position in which we are
placed. We ask no act of Congress—as has
been properly intimated by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi—to carry slavery anywhere. Sir, I be-
lieve we have about as much constitutional power
to prohibit slavery from going into the Territo-
ries of the United States as we have to pass
an act carrying slavery there. We have no
right to do either the one or the other. I would
as soon vote in favor of the Wilmot proviso as I
would vote for any law which required that
slavery should go into any of the Territories.
There is a material difference, however, between
the two. The Senator from Kentucky certainly
must have misunderstood the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. The honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi never could have intended to say that we
sought to procure the passage of an act of Con-
gress establishing slavery in Territories where-the
institution did not already exist, or in Territories
of the United States" which we had a right to
govern by territorial government prior to the time
of forming constitutions for themselves. The
difference is this, th^t there shall be a security
that slavery shall not be prohibited. There is
the difference—not that it shall be admitted or
established, but that it shall not be prohibited.
Do I understand the honorable Senator correctly ?
Mr. DAVIS. That the right shall be recog-
nised.
Mr. KING. Well, sir, I agree with the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, in very much that
he has said respecting the District of Columbia.
The terms of his resolution in regard to the Dis-
trict, however, are not precisely such as I should
have used to convey the idea that he intends,
though perhaps the Senator has done it much
moie appropriately. But, sir, I agree that whether
the Congress of the United States has, under the
Constitution, the right to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia or not, it would be, in the
language of an individual who, in a celebrated in-
augural address, placed the matter before the coun-
try in a light that was recognized as the true one
—as gross a violation of good faith towards Ma-
ryland and Virginia as if it had been expressly
prohibited in the Constitution, as long as those
States remained slaveholding States.
With regard to what is called the slave trade, I
have never seen the day—and Senators are aware
of it, I presume, from the course I have pursued
heretofore—when I was not willing to pass a law
for the purpose of breaking up those miserable
establishments that exist under the very eyes of
Congress itself, and are so offensive to many gen-
tlemen, who feel, perhaps, more sensitive on the
subject than I do. I am free to say that I am the
very last man who would be willing to encourage
such establishments.
I shall not say anything about the rights of
Texas. I think with my friend from Mississippi,
that that question, when it comes to be tested, will
settle itself in a way that will secure to Texas all
that she originally claimed, and which she prob-
ably would have lost in part, if negotiations with
Mexico had been brought to a close; but inasmuch
as the negotiations were broken off and war en-
sued, we, the contracting parties, negotiating the
boundary, having got possession of the country,
with a very bad grace can turn round to Texas
and say, we have obtained possession of the coun-
try by conquest, and we will keep it for ourselves.
That is the whole of the matter.
Now, sir, in regard to most of the resolutions
j of the Senator from Kentucky, I am disposed to
! give them an attentive and careful examination.
I I am disposed to yield all I can in honor—all I
! can without the sacrifice of essential rights—in
j order to settle this question. I had hoped that it
: was not the design of the honorable Senator, in
j introducing these resolutions, to press a vote upon
; them on the part of the Senate; but that they were
| intended as the groundwork for the settlement of
I the question, by having the subject brought to the
I attention of the appropriate committees, and hav-
I ing the whole matter {presented at once, in order,
if possible, to come to some agreement by which
the rights of all should be secured, and if there
| were found to be some little differences, that good
sense and moderate counsels should ultimately
| prevail, and a satisfactory adjustment of the ques-
| don be effected: I beg pardon of the Senate for
j having detained them so long.
J Mr. CLAY. One word, Mr. President, in ref-
i erence to what has been said by the honorable
! Senator from Alabama. I am extremely happy to
! hear him express those sentiments which he has
| appropriately advanced, because, from a Senator
, of his great experience in the councils of the na-
: tion, we may reasonably expect a.matured opinion.
I am happy to find that there is so little difference
between us. I have risen, however, merely to
make a single correction, which perhaps was hard-
ly necessary. My worthy friend from Alabama
stated that I admitted that California had come m
with great irregularity, and through improper
