252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
it recorded in the same page with the remarks and
resolutions of the Senator himself.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) Certainly, sir.
Mr% DOWNS. And, Mr. President, I am not
the lesVinclined to have them recorded because the
gentleman seems to have been extremely anxious
upon this occasion to have nothing else recorded
but his own resolutions and his own remarks, for
he has protested a dozen times already that nobody
should say anything upon the subject but himself,
and I can only say that if he attempts by a sneer
here, or in any other way, to drive Senators from
their proper positions, or to compel them into sub-
mission to his behests, that his long and valuable
services in public life and great fame will be of no
assistance in the effort*, and I sincerely trust that
he will never find one who can be so browbeaten.
Mr. CLAY. The honorable gentleman from
Louisiana has given an interpretation to my re-
marks that they were never intended to bear. The
gentleman may avail himself, however, of any in-
terpretation he chooses to give them.
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask no apology for the very
brief remarks I am about to make, and shall con-
tent myself with saying that I make them because
I feel it to be my duty to do so. I was disposed,
when the resolutions were offered by the Senator
from Kentucky, to allow them to take the ordinary
course which is given to proceedings of that char-
acter; to allow them to be accompanied by the
opening remarks of the Senator from Kentucky,
and then, on someday which should be assigned
for the purpose, to have entered upon their dis-
cussion. The course which has been adopted by
Senators representingseveral of the southern States
seems to me to impose upon me the duty which I
have risen to perform.
Now, sir, I appreciate the patriotism which has
prompted the introduction of these resolutions—i
think I do thespirit in which they are conceived—
and I am sure, too, if I understand that spirit cor-
rectly, it is as honorable to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky as it isvaluable for thesupport
which it gives to the peace and harmony of the
Union. I do not rise, therefore, for the purpose
of discussing these resolutions, for the subject
to which they refer at this moment engages the
attention of the State which, with my friend and
colleague, 1 have the honor here to repsesent. But
I would not, after the declarations made by Sen-
ators from other States, have it inferred from my
silence, with all the respect I have for the Senator
from Kentucky, and with the ready homage which
I am disposed to do to the motives which prompted
thejr introduction—for a single moment have it
conceived by my constituents that I could acqui-
esce in the propositions asserted in these resolu-
tions. 1 rise for the purpose of saying that, before
they can receive my concurrence, there are pro-
visions contained in them which must be substan-
tially modified, and that there are important omis-
sions which must be supplied.
I have said that I do not mean to discuss the
resolutions, and f have fulfilled my purpose in the
declaration just made; yet, connected as I have
been in the earlier stages of thisdiscussion—I mean
at the anterior session—with the question of the
validity of those laws which are supposed to ex-
clude slavery from the territories acquired from
Mexico, I may be permitted to say, to meet the
declaration of opinion by thedeclarationof opinion,
and the assertion of the readiness to maintain that
opinionfby argument, thatthe opinion which I have
expressed on this subject at an anterior period is
the opinion which, after the most careful examina-
tion, the most anxious dehberatiQn I could bestow
on the subject, 1 now entertain, and that, with such
powers as God has given me, 1 am ready to main-
tain them wheneverthe opportunity is offered.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend to make a re-
mark on this subject; but, after the turn which
the discussion has taken, it is due to myself to say
a few words before this matter is disposed of in
the way indicated by the Senator from Kentucky.
Perhaps our northern brethren ought to under-
stand that ail the compromises that have been made
have been by concessions, acknowledged conces-
sions, on the part of the South. When other com-
promises are proposed that require new concessions
on their part, whilst none are exacted on the other,
the issue at least should be presented for their con-
sideratron before they come to the decision of this
great-question. If 1 understand it, the Senator
from Kentucky's whole proposition of compromise
is nothing more than this: That California is al-
ready disposed of, having formed a State constitu-
tion, and that Territorial governments shall be or-
ganized forDeseretand NewMexico,under which,
by the operation of laws already existing, a slave-
holding populatipn could not carry with them or
own slaves there. What is there in the nature of
a compromise here, coupled as it is with the propo-
sition that, by the existing laws in the Territories,
it is almost certain that 'slaveholders cannot, and
have no right to, go there with their property?
What is there in the nature of a compromj^e here?
I am willing, however, to run the risks, and am
ready to give to the Territories th$ governments
they require. I shall always think that, under a
constitution giving equal rights to all parties, the
slaveholding people, as such, can go to these Ter-
ritories and retain their property there. But if we
adopt this proposition, of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, it is clearly on the basis that slavery shall
not go there.
I did not understand the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Davis] to maintain the proposition that
the South asked or desired a law declaring that
slavery should go there, or that it maintained the
policy even that it was the duty of Congress to
pass such a law. We have only asked, and it is
the only compromise to which we wili submit,
that Congress shall withhold the hand of violence
from the Territories. The only way in which this
question can be settled is for gentlemen at the
North to withdraw all their opposition to the
Territorial governments, and not insist on their
slavery prohibition. The Union is then safe
enough. Why, then, insist on a compromise
when these already made are sufficient for the peace
of the North and South, if faithfully observed?
These propositions are in the name of a compro-
mise when none is necessary. I do not and cannot
attach anv blame to the Senator from Kentucky
for this effort. I believe it to be an honorable effort,
made to calm the agitation of the country, and to
restore harmony and preserve the Union. Sir, he
is a part of the history of the Government; his
fame is identified with that of the Union; and, sir,
the very temple of our liberty and free institutions
has his name written on almost every one of its
columns. I do not blame him forthis effort to pre-
serve the Union, but I may be pardoned if I say
that it will not be preserved by the mere name of
compromise.
Mr. CASS. I have not risen to say a word on
this exciting topic, but merely to remark upon one
fact stated by the Senator from Kentucky. He
has alluded to the State of Michigan as a mere
matter of history, proper to be referred to under
the circumstances, and has said that California has
stronger claims to come mto the Union than had
Michigan when she was admitted. There is nothing
in my knowledge to warrant the remark. Michi-
gan, under the fundamental law and pledge of the
Union, had a right to come in on a population of
60,000. She reached double that number, and
year after year presented her claims for admission,
but Congress refused to admit her. Where is it
possible for a people to have a stronger claim for
admission? Indeed, m going back to the history
of that time, 1 am astonished that any man could
have resisted it. Michigan was not the first, but
the second State that came in in that way. Ten-
nessee, or what was before known as the South-
west Territory, some twenty years preceding,
came in the same way—by her own act, or rather
by no preparatory act. She had her own conven-
tions, formed her own constitution, and came here
by her own act.
The resolutions were then made the special or-
der of the day for Tuesday next.
THE SEMINOLE INDIANS.
The bill " to provide for the adjustment and
payment of expenses incurred and obligations con-
tracted by the State of Florida in providing for the
safety of the people of that State during the recent
insurrection of the Seminole Indians," was then,
on motion of Mr. YULEE, read a third time and
passed.
PRINTING OF THE PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND. Two or three days ago the
Committee on Printing made a report from an ex-
ecutive department—that of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office. The question of printing an
additional number was referred to the Printing
Committee, and upon it they made a report, which,
on motion of the Sentaor from South Carolina, was
laid on the table. I now ask that it may be taken
up, as the document is lying in the committee ruom,
and the printing cannot go on until the resolution
is acted upon.
The report was then taken up and considered.
Mr. BORLAND. It provides for the printing
of fifteen thousand additional copies, half the
usual number that have been printed. This is the'
first part of the report, containing all the informa-
tion in regard to the business of patenting, and
the sciences connected with it. The second part
is necessarily deferred, and will not be ready for
some months. 1 suppose this is a very valuable
document, and presents the main business for
which our Patent Office was established. I move
the printing of half the usual number, and when
the other portion of the report shall come in, a
"similar motion may be rfiader
Mr. TURNEY. I would inquire if this is the
report on agriculture?
Mr. BORLAND. It is not.
Mr. TURNEY. When that report shall come
in, I shall be in favor of printing a large number
of it, but as to the list of patents a very small
number is required. I move, therefoie, that the
vote to take the report from the table be reconsid-
ered.
Mr. SMITH. This document is a very ex-
tensive, and a very important one, in my opinion.
It contains a great deal more than a mere list of
patents; it contains a full history of all the opera-
tions of the Patent Office during the past year, and
I do not know but up to the last fiscal year. It
contains, in the first place, if I understand the
matter right, a full report of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office, and then a description in detail
of the articles patented, thus giving a full history
of the progress of invention in the country during
the past year. My friend, the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Borland.] has examined the de-
tails of the 'report, which I have not, and can
therefore merely state generally what the docu-
ment is. I believe it will be considered an interest-
ing document to all inventors, machinists, and
the scientific men of the country, and to the reading
public generally, although perhaps not so interest-
ing to the agriculturalists as the other portions of
the report. The Committee on Printing, of which
I am a member, came to the conclusion that about
one-half the usual number of the report would be
useful, and that the same number of the report on
agriculture would answer the same end, and we
have therefore made this report.
Mr. BORLAND. There is one portion of the
report alone that I think, if Senators could see it,
would be deemed one of the most valuable docu-
ments ever issued from that or any other de-
partment of the Government. It is the report
upon steam power and the improvements in the
mode of propelling boats, a subject which suggests
itself to the interest ofevery portion of this country.
I think the views there presented are so valuable
that they ought to be in the hands of every man
who feels an interest in that important subject. I
think an entire revolution will be made by the
views of that report in the whole system of pro-
pelling machinery for the propulsion of steam-
boats. I hope, therefore, the motion to print will
be adopted.
Mr. TURNEY. I withdraw my motion to re-
consider.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Januanj 30, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked leave of the
House to introduce a bill, of which previous notiee
had, been given. Apart of the subject embraced
in the bill (Mr. C. was understood to say) was
before the committee, and he believed the whole
of it should be there. He hoped permission would
begianted, as he never interposed objection when
similar requests were made by other gentlemen.
The title of the bill was read for informstion as
" A bill to provide all American soldiers, who had
not heretofore been provided for, with bounty
land."
