1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
Mr. WENT WORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 91, nays 86; as follow;
YEAS—Albeiison, A-he, Averett, Cay, Bis^eiJ,
Bococ-k, Booth, B iwti-m, Bowhn, Boyd, Wiliiain J. Brown,
Buel. E C. Caln-ll, Josenh Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Canter,
■Cleveland, \V. {I. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmiek,
iuj-wy, Doty, Dunham, Darkee, JSilinuntUon, Featheiston,
Fitcii-, Gerry, G 'iiono. Hamilton. Haralson, Hailan, Ishairi
<r. Harns, S. W. Hirri*. T. L. Harris Hibbard, Howard,
Hubbard, luge, J. .W. Jackf-on, Andrew Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Proton Kins, .La
Sere, Lelfier, LittlefieUJ, Job Mann, iVJeCh'inaiid, McDow-
ell, McLanahan, McMullen, Mc&ucen, Miller, Milton,
Mojiis, Moitori,Old-, Orr, Packer, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Rotnn-on, Ro^', Savaire, Saw-
telle, rieddon, F. P. Stdi'ton, A. H. Stephens Stetson,
.Strong, Sweeteer, Jacob Thornp-on, J.um ^ Tiiomp-on,
Toomb-, Wa'd -n, Waldo, Wallace, Wenavortfo, VVil<iri(_k,
Wiimot, Wood, Woodward. and Young—91.
NAYS—Messrs Alexander, Allen, Al-ion, A die\v=. Ba-
k 'r, Bennett. Bokee, Breck. Bnjigs, Brook-, Bariows Burt,
Ooe^tei Butler, Th<anas B, Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calving
C unphtM, Chandl- r, Clarke, Chug man, Ci.le, Coii^t, Con-
rad, Corwm, Oiowrll, Ofhet rj, l)ckey, Dixon, Duncan,
Nuihan Evans Fowler, Pm edley, Giddma^, Gott, unnnell,
Hall-iW.iy, Haynmnd, Hehlnud, Henr\, Hilnaid, Holme--,
Howh, HHiit^-r, W. T. J.i- k-aon, Janre:- L. J'.hn^on, Kerr,
Daniel P. Kiiiir, Georsre G. Kuils J.unfi--G. K>n<>, John A.
King, Hu ac>- M inn, M n -lull, MaiU--oii, M G.aiii!i,,>, ATc-
Ki-sock, P. E 'Mi \x ;ui. Mor-e, N 'l-oti Ogle, Outlaw. Pit-
man, Putnam, Ret d. Reynolds Rt-hy, Rockwell, Roof,
lio-e, Rumsej, S.ickeft, Schenek, .-Vherinerhorn. School-
craft, SMiepp- rd, ^ilvc-ti'i, Sw.juidms?, Sianly, T. Stevens*
Thurman, Tuck, Hi d"rlull. VanD>ke, Wellborn, White,
Williams and Wnithroj;—86.
[While the vote was being called—
Mr. MOUSE rose and asked the unanimous
consent oi* the House to amend the resolution by
inserting the words "said to have been " before
the word " expressed." If anybody objected he
desncd to know the source fiora which the objec-
tions came.
Objection was made—by whom the reporter did
not see or hear.
The SPEAKER announced that objection was
snade.
Mr. MORSE. Can I know who objects?
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by several
gentlemen. •
Mr. CALDWELL, of North Carolina, when
his name was called, said there was no evidence
that the President had ever used the language at-
tributed to h:m; he therefore voted " no."
The SPEAKER checked the gentleman, re-
minding him that no remarks were m order.
Calls to order
Mr. MARSHALL, when his name was called,
said his vote was decided by the difference be-
tween the words uor" and "nor." He voted
4< no."] ,
So the first part of the amendment of Mr. Thomp-
son was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I move to
reconsider the motion, and to lay that motion on
ihe table
Mr. SCHENCK. X move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the'previous question having been ordered.
Mr. CONRAD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Duncan, of
Massachusetts, and Harris, of Tennessee, were
appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 78, noes 86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Tne question then recurred on the motion te?
reconsider.
Mr. CROWELL asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. SACKETT moved that the House ad-
journ*
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out
of order, no business having intervened since a
motion to adjourn had been made and rejected.
Air. SACKETT suggested that an intermediate
vote had been taken on ordering the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER replied that that was not such
intervening action as would render a renewed mo-
tion to adjourn in order.
Mr. PRESVON KING inquired of the Chair
whether, if the motion to reconsider should pre-
vail, it would then be in order to modify or amend
the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to suggest, that the language of the amend-
ment embodied the identical words of Mr. Craw-
ford, as given in his testimony.
The SPEAKER said, no remarks were in order.
Mr. RUMSEY moved to reconsider the vote
ordering the previous question.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider anoth-
er proposition is already pending ; therefore, the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Rumsey] is not m order.
Mr. RUMSEY suggested that his motion had
prpcedence.
The SPEAKER ruled otherwise.
Mr. RUMSEY withdrew his motion.
Mr. SACKET T now appealed from the decision
of the Ch*ir, declaring the motion to adjourn to
be out of order.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the ap-
peal.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the tabic. ^
And the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the aopeal was laid noon the table.
Mr. RAKRR I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER The motion is now in order.
Mr. J0VES Nothing has been done.
The SPEAKER. A vote has been taken.
Mr JONES. Nothing-in the world. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. When a motion to adjourn
has been entertained, no appeal is in order.
The question, " Will this House adjourn 5 " was
then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 70, noes 81.
Tellers were asked and oidered, and Messrs.
McLean, of Kentucky, and Waldo, were ap-
pointed.
And the vote, having been again taken, was de-
clared to be—aves 75, noes 87.
Messrs PUTNAM and SCHENCK demanded
the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 86, nays 89; as follow:
YE<\S—MfS5^. Alexander. Andrews, Avrreft, Baker, ;i
Bennett, Br<'fk, Bricc, Bionk-i, Burrow*, Chester Buth-r, ,|
Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell-, Calvin, Campbell, «j
Chandler, Claike, Colcoek, Cole,Cmimd, Corvvin, Crovvpll, !
Df berry, Dickey, Dixon, Dnncnn, Nathan Evan*, Fovvlpr, jj
Frepdlev, Onlry, Gott. Gould, Grmneil, Halloway. fsham |'
G. Harris Raymond, Hebard. ITi'urv, fliliiaid, Holmes, \\
Howe. Hunter, William T. Jackson, Jamc« L. Johnson, !
Kerr. Daniel P. Kinsr, G ot«*cG. King, Jamo«G Kin<r,Jolin
A. Km?, Horace Mann. McGauchev, McKi-soi k. Funs E.jl
McLean, McMullen, McQiwen, Nelson, <lg!e, Outlaw, Pit- :j
man, Putnam. Reed. Rts>lt*y, Rockwell, Root, R"^e, Rum- i
pey, S-'ckett, Schonck, -'chej merhotn, Schoolcraft, St'ddon,
Shepoerd, Silveefer. Spaulriine, Stanlv, Frederick P Stan-
ton, ThaMeu^ Stevens, Strong, Thmman, Tuck. Undoi-
hili. White, Williams, Wilmot, Wmthrop, and Wond-
wfnrd—86.
]VAYS—]\Te«srs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, A^hf. Ba\,
Bip^pII, Bocnck, Hnkee, Hooth, Bowdon, Bowim, BomI.
William J. Biown, Burt,E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable,G oj«re 1
A. Caldwell. Cartter, Cleveland, Clnigmaii, Wilhani^on R.
W. Cobb, Conger, Daniel, Diinnnck, Di^nev, Dot\, Dun- 1
ham. Diirkec, Edmnnd^on, Fe^th^r-ton. Fneh. Gerry, G.d-
dins®, Gorman, Hamilton, HaraI?on, Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris. Thomas L. Hams, Hibbaid, Howard, Hubhord,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson. Andrew John^on^ Robcit W,
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Pie^ton Kmc, La ?ero, Leffler,
Littlefipld, Job Mann. Marshall, Matfson. MoCiernamt, j
McDowell, MoLannhau, Miller, Million, Morns Morse, j
Morion, Olds Orr, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, ;
Potter, Richardson, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Savvtelle, A. ,
H. Stephens, Swectser, Jacob Thomson, Toombs \ an \
Dyke, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentwortb, i
Wildrick, Wooji, and Young—89. ^ |
So the House refused to adjourn. ,
Mr. SCHENCK, (to the Speaker.) Will a mo- ,
tion to postpone the further consideration of the
subject untii Monday next be in order? !
The SPEAKER. Ifwill not be in order, be-
cause the previous question has been ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that the whole
subject be laid upon the table, and on that motion
I call the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
After a brief conversation between Mr. Jones
and the Speaker on a point of order—
The SPEAKER again stated the question to be
on the'motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. JONES submitted that there was a previous
question—the motion to reconsider made by the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson7,]
which was a privileged motion.
Th« SPEAKER. Th« gentleman is correct.
The pending question is on the motion to recon-
sider, which is a privileged question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to be excused from
voting, and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the House
adjourn, and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were'ordered, and, on being
taken, were—yeas 89, nays 77; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Avcrett, Baker, Beale, Ben-
nett, Bokee, Bowdon, Breck, Briggs, William J. Brown,
Burrow*, Butt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Bufle-r, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell. Oh indler, C-arke, Ciing-
man, Colcoek, Cole, Coniad, Coiwin, Ctowell, Debeiry,
Dickcv, Dixon', Duncan, Nathan Evan,-., Fowler, Freedi'ey,
Gentry, Gott, Gould, Gnmndl, Halloway, Hasmond. lieb-
aid. ilemy. Hilhatd. Ilowe, Hunti i, William T. Jackson,
L. J ihiif-on, Ken, Daniel P King, G^nge G Kmgr,
James G Kins!. John A. Kmc;, Horace Mam,, Marshall,
iV3cGau^!ie\, M( Ki-soek, Fuu^ K. McL-a-i, McMullen,
McQ,uf<*!!, NVI-on, O.ie, P^ck, Pitman P.iinam, Ri.-ley,
Rot kvvtdl, Root, Rot(, Uun^e\ ,Sat. kett, S.twielle, Schenck,
#chennerhoin, ^c•llook•rait, Seddon, Shepperd, Silverier,
Sj/auldiny, Stanly, Thad. Stevens, Snony. Jnmts Thomp-
son, Tnin man, '1'ijck, t rnderiull, Van Dyke,Wailaee3White,
WTImmis, U'inthrop, and Woodwaid—89.
NAYS— Mes.-rs. AJberr>on, Allen, Al-'ton, Ashe, Ba)',
Bit-.~-e|l, Bocuek, Booth, Btjwlin, Bojd, E C. Cab«*ll, Joseph
Cahh% G cm ye A. Caldw. II, Carth-r, Clev  bind, Wiili.tmson
R W. C'.'bb, Coimei, Daniel. Dimnnck, Di<ix y, Doty, Dun-
h mi Dmk.'e, Eilumndson, Feather^toii, Fitch, Gerry^ Gid- *
dnig-', Gornrio, Haniilton, Haral-on, Hailan, Ish-trn G. Har-
ri-, Titoina^ I< Haiib, IJibbarrf, Howard, Hubbard, Jo.*eph
VV JaekMin, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
JmIohi, Prefton Kins, La J^^rc, Lttfli r, Liitl-field, Job
Mann,'MalteMin, MtClernand, McLanahan, Mill, r, Mill-
s n. Moi u-, Moi.«e. IMtnton, Owen, Paikrr, Pcaslre, Phelps,
Potter, Hi' haiiNon^ Rohmson, Ro.-^, Savaye, Alexander EJ.
Siephi-us, Su-i-on, Sivff Ne , Jacob Thompson, Toornbs,
Walden, Wdd't. Wellborn, Wenlvsorth, VVildrick, Wii-
mot, Wood, and Young—77.
So the House, at a late hour, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 6, 1§J>0.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the 8th
ultimo, calling for copies of the journals of all re-
connoissanc.es returned to the topographical buieau
by officers of the United States, making sub-sur-
veys within the last year not heretofore commu-
nicated, containing copies of reports of Lieutenant
J. PI. Simpson, of the corps of topographical en-
gineers, and Captain S. G. French, of the quar-
termaster's department, with accompanying maps
and sketches; which was read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Professor Richard S. McCullow, proposing to sell
to the United States the right to use a new method
invented hy him for refining gold, setting forth
that by this method parcels of gold bullion worth
from one to two millions can be as quickly refined
as parcels of two hundred thousand dollars are
by the process now used; that by thisnethod anirt-
definite series of large deposites of gold bullion can
be refined in one half the time required for the
operations of the method hitherto employed; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented th-e
memorial of Phineas M. Nightingale, legal repre-
sentative of Nathaniel Greene, asking the repay-
ment of money advanced to an army contractor
during the revolutionary war; which was referied
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
proceedings of the meeting held at Wilmington,
in the State of Delaware, against the passage of
the present compromise bill and in favor of Presi-
dent Taylor's plan for the adjustment of the sla-
very question, reported against printing the same;
which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print tin* proceedings of a
public meeting of citizens of Wilmington and
vicinity, in the same State, in favor of the adop-
tion of the c.ompromise bill now before the Sen-
ate, reported against printing the same; which "was
agrted to.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. MORTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a biil to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide/or the punishment
