1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
No objection having been made,
The bill was introduced; and having been read
twice by its title, was-referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr ASHMUN asked leave to introduce a bill,
of which previous notice had been given.
Objection was made.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called forthereg-
ular order of business.
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the rules of the
House be suspended for the space of thirty min-
utes, for the purpose of allowing members to intro-
duce bills of which previous notice h^d been given.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to suspend
the rules was not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given.
Objection was made.
MILEAGE.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the resolution reported yesterday
by Mr. Sweetser, from the Committee on Mile-
age, and the action thereupon pending. The reso-
lution is in the following words:
Whereas, thn answers of members to the circular ad-
dressed to them by the chairman of the Committee on
Mileage, asking information as to the route by them traveled
to the seat 01'Government, and the probable distance, are
indefinite; the committee having doubts as to the rule they
should adopt in computing the mileage of members, ask the
adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be instructed
to compute the mileage of members upon the nearest mail
route upou which mail coaches, or other convenient con-
veyances, run from the residences of members to the seat of
Government.
Mr. GORMAN moved the following amend-
ment:
That the Committee on Mileaire be in-tructed to compute
the mileage in accordance with the express language of the
law to wit: "By the most usually traveled route Irom the
residence ot members to the Capitol "
Mr. CARTER moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
Rwtlred. That the Committee on Mileage he and is hereby
further instructed to report a bill that shall limit Ihe pay of
members ot Congress, as lar as the same ielates to mileage,
to the actual and rieeessa'y time and expense involved in i
traveling to and from the Capitol, and otherwise to equalize J
the pay of membeis.
Mr. RICHARDSON, who was entitled to the
floor on the above question, said that gentlemen
had been fully heard on both sides; and with the
view of putting an end to so protracted a debate,
he would move the previous question.
Mr. SWEETSER appealed to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] to withdiawthe
demand for the previous question, to enable him
(Mr. S.) to sustain the position he had assumed
bv the resolution he had reported.
Mr. RICHARDSON manifested some reluc-
tance,' but finally withdrew the demand.
So the motion for the previous question was
withdrawn. TT
Mr. SWEETSER then took the floor. He
said that he felt disposed to say a few words in
reply to some of the remarks which had been sub-
letted when this resolution vyas under considera-
tion yesterday. It had been charged that if the
resolution should be adopted, it would abrogate a
law which had been m existence for thirty years,
nnrl that virtually, it was in the face of the law.
The Chairman of the Committee on Mileage [Mr.
Fitch! had admitted that the resolution did not in
its import meet his views; and, inasmuch as it had
been fixed upon him, (Mr. S.,) he desired to give
his views in relation to the seeming conflict be-
tween the resolution and the law as it now ex-
isted. And, in the first place, m order hat the
House might clearly undersiand what the law was
with which the resolution was supposed to be m
conflict, he would read one of its sections.
Mr s. read'as follows:
O be it further enacted, That at every session
K.ec. - , ■{ iri thud day ol March, one inousaiut
of Congress* alter Uifc - Rporesentauve and
ei!!ht hundred and sev• n , - (or BV(,ry
Deh-fte shal be^  r flUem, ^ Him„;ot Repie-
dny he ha  attenue , al,(lWe(l e,.,hl tor every
seiuatives, and sh stance by the most mual
twenty mi   ot ue ^ rM(lt,,H.e to ,be seat ol Congress
a^he commencement ami end of every such s^sion and
111 Such (Mr. s. continued) was the language
of the law He admitted that the resolution
seemed to travel m the face of the practice of the
House since the law had been passed, and,
although he was a new member, yet he was will-
ing to take any responsibility which might be at-
tached to him for an effort to remedy any abuses
which might e^ist, even though these abuses could
plead the sanction of the practice of this House
for a long series of years. He drew a broad dis-
tinction between the law itself and the practice
under that law. As had been remarked yester-
day, he was aware that many gentlemen who had
taken their mileage under the construction which,
had been formerly given to the law, might'feel a
delicacy upon the. subject; and that this proposi-
tion, if it should be adopted, might be considered
as reflecting in some degree upon them. He could
not help that. The fault was not his. It was in
no such spirit that he had offered the resolution,
nor was it in that other spirit which had been re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Mississippi,
that this was a matter for Buncombe.
Mr. HOUSTON interposed, and (Mr. Sweet-
ser yeliding the floor) inquired whether all the
answers which had been received from members,
in reply to the circular letter of the commit-
tee, were vague and indefinite? The preamble to
the resolution declared the answers of members
to have been " indefinite." He (Mr. H.) desired
to know whether this declaration was considered
as applicable to all the answers.
Mr. SWEETSER said he had notaexamined
all the answers; but, so far as he had examined
them, he thought that the preamble was not in-
tended to apply, and did not apply, to all of them.
He would also say, in justice to himself, that the
preamble was drawn by another member and had
been adopted by him (Mr. S.) with some reluc-
18*Mr. HOUSTON. I can only say that my own
answer was very explicit^ as, I have no doubt,
the answers of many other members were.
Mr. SWEETSER said, that a great many an-
swers were indefinite. After referring to a panic-
ular instance, he tepeated the declaration he had
made, that he drew a broad distinction between the
law, and the'practice which had grown up under it.
The language of the law was strong; and, m giv-
in" an interpretation to it, we must apply the ordi-
nary rule by which the conduct of men was gov-
erned. In the common concerns of lite, a man in
pursuit of business purposes would take the near-
est route to the place of his destination ;.and this
resolution proposed to give that construction to
the law. It seemed to him that-the proposition
need only to be stated, to command the support of
every man who would give a moment's reflection
to it. And he would say here, without fear of
contradiction, to gentlemen who were so tenacious
about this matter, that if it was pressed, he might
hereafter draw a parallel much more uncomforta-
ble than any statement of facts into which he
should enter to-day. He believed that the existing
law had been greatly abused.
His colleague had stated his opinion that the
compensation allowed to membeis of Congress
was too small. He (Mr. S.) would go witn that
gentleman in fixing the pay at any just and honor-
able sum that would compensate them liberally
and fairly. But he would go with no man in tak-
ing out of the treasury indirectly, under the con-
struction of a law, sums of money to which gen-
tlemen believed themselves entitled for ther ser-
vices here, and which they would not vote to take
directly. Let the question be fairly met. Let not
gentlemen, by affecting to treat this as a matter
belonging lo Buncombe, endeavor to evade the^re-
sponsibility which belonged to themselves.
His
obtect was to give a fair construction to the law,
If the House did not choose to do it, let each mem-
ber record his vote,' in the face of the country,
a«ainst ihe resolution. He was willing to stand or
fall by it; and nothing that he had done or said
was designed in any way for home consumption.
He had been here long enough to impose one re-
straint upon himself, which he thought would
be salutary if imposed upon all the members
of the House; it was this, that when a member
rose in his place, and stated the object he had
in view in submitting any paiticular propo-
sition, he (Mr. S.) was willing to take ihe gen-
tleman's motives to be such as they were as-
serted to be. He did not stand here to impugn
the motives of others, or to suffer others to cast
imputations upon his own. Believing that the
construction which had been put upon the law was
a fraud upon the law itself, he had come forward
with this proposition. He. had been amused at
the remarks which had fallen from the honorable
gentlemen from Mississippi, yesterday, in regard
to the dignity of this- House. They seemed to
entertain a feeling, in consequence of their being
old members, that the proposition was a reflection
upon them and the honor of this House. If they
were so sensitive, he could say that there were
other matters in which their sensitiveness might
be exhibited with much more propriety. He. re-
ferred to the resolution (in relation to the station-
ery of members) which had been passed by the
House of Representatives of the 27th Congress,
and which, he said, involved every member of
the House in a suspicion of petty larceny. In
consequence of aberration from duty by some
members, a resolution was passed, limiting the
amount of stationery of each member to $35;
thus, in effect, charging upon every member of
the House, and upon their successors, that they
would steal paper, wrappers, ink, and sealing-wax.
He called upon some member of the 27th Congress
to point out the men who rendered the passage of
such a resolution necessary.
His colleague said it was restraining them from
stealing. He (Mr. S.) regretted to find that any-
thing of the sort was considered necessary. The
gentlemen from Mississippi, to whose remarks he
had referred, were, he believed, members of that
Congress. He called upon them, before they got
into a passion and charged motives upon others,
to explain why it was that this pelty-larceny law
remained to this day upon the statute book. His
object, however, had been answered. He had no
disposition to figure in such matters, and if gentle-
men had been acquainted with him they would not
have been so forward in attributing motives to him.
He stood here to do towards otheis as he desired
others should do towards him. In concluding, he
gave notice that if the resolution should be voted
down, he should hereafter introduce a bill to bring
this whole subject under what he considered to be
a fair construction of the law.
Mr. WHITE thought, he said, that the House
had heard about as much of this subject as it
wished to hear, and if his friends would .sustain
him, he would move the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, hoped, he said,
that the House would not sustain it Something
had been said which ought to be leplied to.
The SPEAKER said no remarks were m order.
And the question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. White, and by ayes 73, noes 84, was
decided in the negative.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GREEN said, it was not his purpose to go
into a general speech, but to make a few remarks,
especiallyas the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweet-
ser] seemed to think there had been great abuses
under the existing law. He (Mr. G.) had been a
member of the mileage committee during the last
Congress. With the other members of that com-
mittee, he had taken the responsibility of constru-
ing the law and of administering the law according
to°us letter. But the proposition now made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] was
in effect to change and modify the law by a res-
olution of this House. He would take occasion
to remark, that the lesolution did not come, as an
expression of the opinion of the Committee on
Mileage; and to do justice to that committee he
would say he believed that a large majority of
them had no difficulty in the construction of the
law. 11 was plain and explicit. The majority oi
the committee understood the law, and intended to
administer it m accordance with the construction
which had heretolore unil^rmly been placed upon
it. But the gentleman from Ohio, desuous of pie-
sentmg his own peculiar views, had asked the in-
dulgence of the committee to permit him to bring
this" matter before the House. As a matter of
K,ace and couitesy-as he (Mr. G.) understood it
—the committee had allowed the gentleman to
make the report. . -
Mr SWEETSER interposed, and (Mr. G.
yielding) said he had offered this resolution m
committee, and the committee had declined to act
upon it, and requested him to repoit it to the
House. He did not appear here as naving asked
a matter of grace from the committee.
Mr. GREEN. It was a matter of grace, as I
undeistand it, for the majority of the committee do
! not subscribe to the resolution.
