1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
The SPEAKER invited Mr. Winthrop to pre-
side over the deliberations of the Committee.
Mr. WINTHROP begged to be excused, re-
marking that the joint resolution which the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means was
prepared to take up, was very interesting to his
constituents, and that he might desire to take part
in the debate.
The SPEAKER then invited Mr. Potteh to
take the chair.
And thereupon the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, Mr. Potter in the Chair.
Mr. BAYLY was recognized by the Chair, and
moved that the committee proceed to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution of the Senate, limit-
ing the expense of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms for the present fiscal year.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, expressed
the hope that the committee would not at this
time take up the joint resolution referred to, be-
cause the House was not yet in possession of in-
formation which had been asked from- the Treas-
ury Department of the Secretary. If the Secretary
was anxious that the resolution should be passed,
he would furnish the information at the earliest
day.
Mr. BAYLY said, that the information referred
to by the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thump-
son] was certainly important, but he did not think
it was indispensable; and he (Mr. B.) thought-it
was much more important that the country should
know what would be the condition of the resolu-
tion, so that the administration of the Treasury
Department might be in accordance with the decis-
ion of Congress.
A question heie arose as to the right to the floor,
which was now claimed by Mr. Brown, of
Miss issippi, on the ground that he was entitled to
it because he held it when the House was last in
committee on the resolutions distributing the Pres-
ident's Message among the standing committees
of the House.
The CHAIP^MAN declined to acknowledge
Mr. Brown's claim, on the ground that the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had been first
recognized.
Mr. BROWN appealed from the decision.
The appeal led to a good deal of conversation,
(debate thereon not being in order); after which,
by a vote of ayes 93, noes 48, the decision of the
Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BAYLY was declared to be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BAYLY then rose and addressed the com-
mittee as follows: *
Mr. Chairman: I deem it proper to make some
remarks relative to the amendment which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have proposed to the
resolution from the Senate.
By the law of the 3d of March, 1849, the ex-
penses for collecting the revenue was limited to
' |1,560,000 for the present fiscal year, commen-
cing the 1st of July last and ending the 30th of
June next, as I understand it. I think this is the
plain meaning and import of the act. 1 know
that the Secretary of the Treasury, under the ad-
vice of the Attorney General, has given a dif-
ferent construction to the law. They have de-
cided that the limitation did not take effect unti
the last half of the current fiscal year, viz: until
from the 1st of January to the 30th of June, 1850.
But 1 shall go into no discussion upon this point.
1 have no disposition to criticise the correctness of
that opinion. 1 doubt not it was honestly enter-
tained ; and I shall leave its discussion to others.
And I do this the more readily because 1 do not
consider it at all material upon this occasion.
Concede, if you please, that the limitation in the act
did not take effect until after the 1st of January;
yet the Secretary of the Treasury ought, during the
ten months preceding the period when it would
take effect, to have commenced his reduction ot ex-
penditure so as to have brought himself gradually,
and without too gteata shock, within the limit pre-
scribed by Congress. He had no right to anticipate
that Congress would precipitately suspend or re-
peal a law, which, after three years consideration,
they had deliberately passed. But, instead of this,
he expended during the first six months of '^fiscal
vear ftl 141,897 21, as is ascertained, and >150,000
y * 3 he estimates—making $1,291,897 21—leav-
year #1
more hs in.' eswuiai^-
in- but $268,102 79 for the last six months, if the
construction' which I put upon the law be correct.
But take his own.construction, and admit that the
limitation in the act did not take effect until the
1st of January; yet he allowed his expenditures
to run on for the first six months up to the sum
of $1,291,897 21, although he knew he would
have but $780,000 for the last six months. Take
his own construction,and 1 have no disposition to
do him injustice, yet 1 maintain that he is respon-
sible for any jar which may occur; for he ought
so to have projected his reductions of expenditures
as to have made the operation gradual and easy,
instead of precipitate and harsh. He ought to
have distributed his reductions through the year,
instead of increasing, as he has done, his expend-
itures during the first six months, and thus making
a precipitate reduction necessary m the last. The
amount of revenue collected and estimated for
the first six months of the present fiscal year is
-$18,262,485. The amount expended, as we have
alieady seen, has been $1,291,897 21, or a little
upwards of seven per cent, upon the receipts.
The importance of this statement will be seen in
the sequel.
In this condition of affairs the Secretary of the
Treasury, m his annual report to Congress, asked
our interposition. For some time we could not
transact business in consequence of our not having
organized forthat purpose. Still these expenditures
went on. The Senate being first organized, took
up the subject in advance of us. That body passed
the joint resolution now before us, appropriating
for the present {iscal year the same sum expended
in Hie year ending 30ih of June, 1848; although
the revenue collected lor that year was $33,034,276,
and for this year the Secretary estimates it at
$31,500,000. It was acceptable on all sides. It
passed without objection. It appropriated lor the
present fiscal year $2,132,63b, that being the
amount expended in the fiscal year ending June,
1848. But it was represented to our committee
by the Secretary of the Treasury that this would
give him no relief. According to his construction
he already had $780,000; and this resolution only
gave him $840,739 52—difference $60,739 58. It
was contended that the sudden reduction which
this resolution would make necessary would be
highly injurious to the public service; and it was
pioposed that we should appropriate, for the last
half of the present fiscal year, one half of what
was expended in the year 1848. This was agreed
to; and it is the amendment now before you.
We expended, as I have already said, in the
year ending 1848, $2,132,636—one half of which
• is $1,066,318. Add that which has already been ex-
pended m the first six months, viz: $1,291,897 21,
and it makes $2,358,215 21; or $225,579 moie
than was expended m 1848. The amount which
we thus appropriate is upwards of seven per cent,
upon the estimated receipts.
But, notwithstanding the Secretary estimates
that our receipts for the current fiscal year will be
$1,500,000 less than in 1848, yet, in addition to
this surplus in the appropriation over that year, ot
$225,579, it is asked that Oregon and California
should beexcepted! But the Secretary of tlie Treas-
ury himself does not estimate for the expenses of
the new districts in Texas, Oregon, and California,
for the last half of the fiscal year but $125,000;
and even add his estimate of $50,000 for increase
of business, and it only amounts to $175,000, which
would leave a surplus of $50,579 of appropriation
for the Atlantic coast over what was expended in
1848. But it will be said that the warehouse
System which it was supposed would cost the
Government nothing, has become a charge upon
the treasury of $194,634 66. To make this sum
up, items are included which ought not to be
charged to the warehousing system.
But let this pass. 1 will make no point about
which there can be controversy. Still it must be
recollected that $152,723 79 was expended for
warehouses in the year ending 30th June, 1848—
being but $41,910  7 less than the sum charged
to warehouses for this year. Which sum, deducted
from the surplus above stated, would leave $8,668
more appropriated by this bill than was expended
in 1848, after allowing the Secretary all he asks
for California,Oregon, the new distiicts established
since then, and what he terms increase of business,
(which last 1 do not exactly understand, as he es-
timates the receipts at less than they were in that
year;) and also the difference of ttre expense of
warehouses m that yiar and this. Ill addition to
this, $274,096 was expended m that year upon rev-
enue cutters; The Secretary last summer, to say.
nothing about his late circular, greatly reduced
this branch of expenditure, and to the extent he
did so added to his available means for other ser-
vice. Cannot gentlemen be satisfied with this?'
Are we, by the adoption of either of the amend-
ments of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
to increase this sum which iB at the disposal of
the Secretary to an indefinite amount? My only
fear is we have been too yielding already. Still
we are asked to grant more; and how much more
I am unable to say, as the amendments of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] appropriate an
indefinite sum.
Thus it will be seen that all the indignation
which it has been attempted to raise against Con-
gress, throughout the country, is utterly uncalled
for. If there be cause for indignation.it must rest
elsewhere. If the Secretary of the Treasury had
commenced his curtailments in time; if he had ex-
tended them from July, 1849, to June, 1850, instead
of increasing his expenditures in the first six
months by multiplying officers and increasing
their salaries, as he has done in many instances,
the whole operation of reduction would have gone
on easily and smoothly, and no one scarcely would
have known that it was going on at all. But instead
of that, the expenditures are increased in the first
six months, and the result is, the jar which the re-
duction called for in the last, is felt.
Mr. Chairman, J have said I feared that in agree-
ing to the amendment to the Senate resolution we
have conceded too much. We certainly have if we
had the whole year to go over; but we have not.
The Secretary, as I have already shown, has great-
ly exceeded thelimitsof thelaw and of necessity in
the first six mouths. Another month on the same
or nearly the same rate of high expenditure is
gone. There are but five left. Can we, with due
regard to the public service, compress the whole
reduction within five months ? 1 think not. Let it
not be said that the Secretary has brought it upon
himself and that he must suffer the consequences.
It is not the Secretary alone, or principally, who is
to suffer; we must look to the country, and if he
has erred, we must not. It will not do to punish
the country for his faults. I am willing to give
relief for ihe present, even if it be extravagant.
But, sir, this whole thing must be looked into,
and if Congress will sustain me, it shall be looked
into and probed to its bottom.
The expenditures of this Government are too
great in all of its departments, and in none-more
than in collecting our revenue. When we con-
sider the character of our system, prior to the law
of the 3d of March, 1849, against which such a
clamor is raised, it is not perceived how it could
have been otherwise. No appropriations made
by law; no accountability; everything left to the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury and
Collectors! My only surprise is that things have
not been worse. But they have been bad enough.
What do you suppose, if we grant the Secretary
of the Treasury all he asks, will be the cost of col-
lecting the revenue for the present fiscal year? He
expended in the past six months, as we have
already seen, $1,291,897. He asks for$l,325,000
more, making $2,616,897. He estimates that the
revenue from customs will be $31,500,000. So the
expenses of collection would be upwards of eight
per cent. With the sum we give him it will be
upwards of seven per cent. In 1848 the per centage
for collecting the revenue was six and near a half
per cent.; in 1849 it was upwards of seven per
cent. .
The Secretary estimates that the receipts from
the customs for the year ending June, J851, will
be $32,000,000; and he puts the expenses of col-
lection at $2,750,000, or at the rate of near nine
per cent. . .
Sir, is it possible that this is necessary ? What
other country pays as much for collecting its rev-
enue? What Slate in this Union, where direct
taxes prevails, pays so much? I speak with con-
fidence as to one, (Virginia,) with which I am bet-
ter acquainted than with the rest. Our collectors,
who have to call personally upon every tax-payer
and receive the dues of the Commonwealth in
small sums—some of them less than a dollar—and
who is required by law to take, at his own ex-
Dense what he collects to the seat of Government-,
to incur all risk, and pay it into the treasury—is
allowed but five per cent.; and in some instances,
where the collections are large, even less. It is
