258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 30,
responded, by States thpyroade their contributions
to the grand army; and whatever was acquired,
was of necessity acquired for the States, each hav-
ing an equal interest; and the United States, as
agent, trustee, or general repository of the com-
mon fund, is Bound to do equal and exact justice
to all the parties interested.
The army was created and supported by thirty
sovereignties allied together. These sovereignties
acted through a common head for the common de-
fence and general welfare of all. But it does not
follow that such head may rightfully appropriate
the award of the conflict to fifteen of the allies,
leaving nothing to the remaining fifteen. Sov-
ereigns are equal; there is no such thing as great
or small sovereigns, or, to speak more correctly,
sovereigns of great and small degree. They are
equals, except when by conventional agreement
that equality is destroyed. No such agreement
has been made between the sovereigns composing
our Confederacy. Hence, Delaware is equal to
New York, and the fifteen Southern States are
equal to the fifteen Northern States. It follows
that the fifteen sovereignties of the North cannot
exclude the fifteen sovereignties of the South from
an equal participation in .and control over the joint
acquisition or property of all. Nor can the com- !
mon agent, the United States, ffearken'to the
,voice of the fifteen northern in preference to those
of the fifteen southern allies. So long as one of
the sovereigns in alliance protests against a com-
mon disposition of what belongs to all and to each
one in an equal degree, no "disposition can be
rightfully made. The strong may take by force
from (he weak, but in such case power gives the
right. The North may take from the South in
this way, unless perchance it should turn out in
the coursc of the conflict that the South is the
stronger party, in which case it would be our
right to take from you.
Without pursuing this course of reasoning, un-
profitable as I feel it must be, I come at once to
the conclusion, that we of Mississippi have the
same right to go into the Territories with our
slave property as you of New York have to go
there with your personal estate of whatever kind.
And if you deny us this tight, we will resist your
authority, and to the last extremity. You affect
to .think us not in earnest in this declaration. Look
at the attitude of the South; hear her voice as it
comes up'from her bench, her bar, her legislative
halls, and, above all, from her people. , Sir, there
is not a hamlet in the South from which you will
not hear the voice of' stern resistance to your law-
less mandate. Our men will write it on their
shields, our yvomen will teach little children to
lisp it with their earliest breath. I invoke your
forbearance on this question. Ask yourselves if it
is right to exasperate eight millions of people upon
an abstraction; a matter to us of substance and of j
life, but to you the merest shadow of an abstraction.
Is it likely, let me ask, that the Union can survive
the shock which must ensue if you drive eight,
millions of people to madness and desperation?
Look, sir, to the position of Virginia, Georgia,
Alabama, Mississippi, and the glorious old Slate
of South Carolina; listen to the warning voice of
these, and all the southern States, as they come to
us upon every breeze that sweeps from the South,
and tell me if we are not sporting above a volcano.
Oh ! gentlemen, pause, I beseech you, in this mad
career. The South cannot, will not, dare not
submit to your demand. The consequences to
her are terrible beyond description; to you for-
bearance would be a virtue—virtue adorned with
love, ti nth, justice, and patriotism. To some men
I can make no appeal. I appeal not to the gentle-
man from Ohio, fie, like Peter the Hermit, feels
himself under some religious obligation to lead on
this crusade. I make no appeal to the putative
father of the Wilmot proviso; like Kphraim, he
is joined to his idols—I will let him alone. But to
sound men, to patriotic and just men, I do make
a solemn appeal that they array themselves on the
side of the Constitution, and save the Union.
When the fatal step is taken it will be too late to
repent the folly of this hour. When the deed is
done, and the fatal consequences have fallen upon
us, it-will be vain, idle, worse than folly to depre-
cate tne evil councils which now prevail. Now,
now is the time for good men to do their duty.
Let these who desire to save the Constitution and
the Union come out from among the wicked and
array themselves on the side of justice. And here
in this Hall, erected by our fathers and dedicated |( export of any people on the face of the earth; and
to libeity and law, we will make new vows, enter
into new covenants to stand together and fiaht the
demon of discord until death shall summon us to
another arid better world.
You think that slavery is a great evil. Very
well, think so; but keep your thoughts tp your-
selves. If it be an evil, it is our evil; if it be a
curse, it is our curse. We are not seeking to force
it upon you; we intend to keep it ourselves. ,lf
you do not wish to come in contact with this cry-
ing evil, stay where you are, it will never pursue
you.
For myself, I regard slavery as a great moral,
social, political, and religious blessing—a blessing
to the slave and a blessing to the master. This is
my opinion. I do not seek to propagate it. It
does not concern me whether you think so or not.
I have seen more of slavery than you, know more
about it; and my opinions are, I think, worth
more than yours. Slavery ^African slavery, was,
as I religiously believe, planted in this country
through the providence of God; and He, in His
own good time, will take it away. Civilization
dawned in Afiica. The Christian religion was
preached to the African race before its votaries
carried it to other lands. Africa had the glad ti-
dings of the Saviour long before his divine mission
was revealed to us. And where is she now? Cen-
! turies have passed away, and all traces of Christi-
anity, every vestige of civilization, have departed
from that degraded and benighted land'—a race
of cannibals, roasting, eating men as we do swine
and cattle. Resisting with fire and sword all efforts
of Christian ministers to lift them from the deep
degradation, they perseveringly worship idols and
graven images, and run continually after false gods.
Look at the condition of this people, and contrast
it with the worst condition of the same race in
that our wealth would in a short time be commen-
j suratc with our immense exports, no reasonable
j man can doubt. In the Union, our exports become
! the common trading fund of the nation, and the
| profits go into the general coffers. Weknowall this;
! and more, we know how much we contribute to the
support of the Government, and we know too how
j little we get back. It gives me no pleasure to dis-
cuss questions like this, but a solemn duty 1 will
, not forego, from any mawkish, sentimental devo-
tion to the Union. It is right that we fully under-
stand one another. You think the South is not in
| earnest. Now, this opinion is based upon one of
' two hypotheses, eiiher that we are too much d'e-
1 voted to the Union to run the hazard of its disso-
> lotion by a manly vindication of our rights; or
j else that we are afraid to encounter the perils of a
dissolution. That we have loved the Union is
, most true. That our affections entwine them-
1 selves about it, and are reluctant to give it up, is
; also true. But our affection is no ordinary plant.
! Nourish it, and it will gtow in the poorest soil.
' Neglect it, or tiample upon it, and it will perish
in the richest fields. I will not recount the story
' of our wrongs. I but ask you, can such wrongs
ever be the handmaids of love, of that mutual and
earnest, devoted love which stood god father when
the infant Union was baptized, and without whose
fostering care it cannot, will not, must not survive ?
Throw an impaitial eye over the history of the
last twenty years, and answer me if there is any
thing there which challenges our devotion.' Who
does not know that time after time we have turned
away in sorrow from your oppressions, and yet
have come back clinging to the Union, and pro-
claiming that " with all her faults we loved her
still.'' And you*texpect us to do so now agaift
and again; you. expect us to return, and, on
this country,and tell me if the eye of fancy, in its !' bended knees, crave your forbearance. No, you
utmost stretch, can measure the elevation at which j' do not; you cannot think so meanly of us. Tliere
t Vi o Qntinioi>n oloiifi otantla o A 1  ! 1 „..L!  - —   ... I . . . __ I ' .1. •  * £ ,i. .
the Southern slave stands above the African in his
native jungle? And yet philunthiopy, double dis-
tilled, extra refined philanthropy, bewails in pite-
*ous accents the fallen condition of the poor slave.
The negro race in the South have been civilized;
many of them evangelized. Some are pure chris-
tians; all have been improved in their'moral, eo-
j cial, and religious condition. And who shall under-
! take to say it was not within the providence of
I their Creator to transplant them to our soil for
[ wise, beneficent, and holy purposes'
! It is no part of my pui pose to discuss this prop-
j osition. The subject, in this view of it, belongs
i rather to the pulpit than to the halls of legislation.
It may seem to those not familiar with the state
i of public sentiment North and South, and the
is nothing in our past history which justifies the
conclusion that we will thus abase ourselves. You
know how much a high-toned people ought to
bear; and you know full well that we have borne
to the last extremity. You know-that we ought
not to submit any longer. There is not a man of
lofty soul among you all, who in his secret heart
does not feel that we ought not to submit. If you
fancy that our devotion to the Union will keep us
in the Union, you are mistaken. Our love for the
Union ceases with the justice of the Union. We
cannot love oppression, nor hug tyranny to our
bosoms.
Have we any reason to fear a dissolution of the
Union? Look at the question dispassionately, and
answer to yourselves the important inquiry, Cart
dangerous issues to which it is conducting us, out ji anything be expected from the fears of the south-
of time and out of place for us to discuss the value
| of the Union. I am not afraid of the consequen-
ces of such a discussion. It is a discussion not to
j be coveted, but one which the times and tempers
of men have forced upon us. It is useless to deny
that the Union is in danger. To discuss its value
is to ascertain its worth. When we shall have
done this, we can better decide how great a sacri-
! fice we can afford to make to seeurc its perpetuity.
We of the South have ever been the fast friends
of the Union. We have been so from an earnest
attachment to its founders, and from a feeling of
elevated patriotism, a patriotism which rises above
all groveling thoughts, and entwines itself about
our country, and our whole country. We have
ern people r Do not deceive yourselves—look at
j things as they really are. For myself, 1 can say
[ with a clear conscience, we do not fear it; we are
| not appalled at the prospect before us; we depre-
| cate,disunion, but we do not fear it; we know our
i position too well for that. Whilst.you have been
heaping outrage upon outrage, adding insult to m-
! suit, our people have been calmly calculating the
i value of the Union. The question has been con-
sidered in all its bearings, and our minds are made
1 up. The point has been designated beyond which
we will not submit. We will not, because sub-
i mission beyond that point involves consequences
to us more terrible than disunion. It involves the
fearful consequences of sectional degradation. We
made, and are now making day by day, greater ' have not been slow in manifesting our devotion
sacrifices to uphold and maintain the Union in all j to the Union. In all our national conflicts we have
its purity and dignity, than all the other parts of ; obeyed the dictates of duty, the behests of patriot-
the country. Drop for a moment the sacrifice of j: ism. Our money has gone freely. The lives of
reeling; forget the galling insults you are habitu- [ our people have been freely given up. Theirblood
ally heaping upon us, and let us look toother sac- !i has washed many a blot from the national es-
riftces. We export annually in rice, cotton, and : cutcheon. We have loved the Union, and v/e love
tobacco, the peculiar products of our soil, more !' it yet; but not for this,ora thousand such Unions,
than seventv-nve millions of dollars in value. will we suffer dishonor at your hands.
Your whole national exports do but a little exceed
one hundred and forty millions of dollars. These
articles of southern export are the support of your
immense carrying trade, and of all your flout ish-
ing and profitable commerce; and these do not in- ■'
elude the sugar of Louisiana, Texas, and Flor-
ida, nor do I estimate the cotton, rice, and tobacco
consumed in the United States. It" all these were
embraced, our exports could not fall short of one
hundred and twenty millions of dollars. I need .
not add that as a separate, independent Confed- i
eiacy we should have the heaviest agricultural '
I tf II you candidly, we have calculated the value
of the Union. Your injustice has driven us to it.
"Vour oppression justifies me to-day in discussing
the value of the Union,and I do so freely and fear-
lessly. Your press, your people, and your pulpit,
may denounce this as treason; bo it so. You may
sing lwannas to the Union—it is well. British
lord's called it treason in our fathers when they
resisted British tyranny. British orators were el-
oquent in their eulogiums on the British Crown.
Our fathers felt the oppression, they saw the hand
that aimed the blow, and they resolved to resist.
