1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
2d. Resolved, That the act of Congress made it the dufv
of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the principal of said
claim, and it was theiefore paid "in conformity with law "
and " precedent."
The question was then taken.
The roll having been called—
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, accidentally
out of his seat at the moment his name was called,
rose and asked the unanimous consent of the
House to record his vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. PUTNAM preferred a similar request.
Mr. CONGER trusted, he said, that the House
would grant this privilege to his colleague.
Objection was made.
So* neither of the two gentlemen's votes was re-
ceived.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas 112; nays 66, as follow:
YEAS—Mex*r«. Als on, Averett, Bennett, Bocock, Bokee,
B *  m. Boyd, Breek, Burl, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Clarke, Clingmau, Colcoek, Conrad,
Coiwui, Daniel, Debtrry, Disney, I>uiiran, Durkee, Ed-
mund-on, Kwms. Featherr«ton, Freedley, Gentry, Gory,
G'lim.m, Gould, Grumel!, Hamilton, Hammond. Hampton,
Haralson, laham G Harris, Sampson W- Harris, Thoiua- j
li II uu-, H"niy, Hibbuid. Milliard, Ilolhday, Houston,
Howard, Howe, Hubbard, Huntei, Inge. Joseph W. J ick-
son, James L. Johnson, Jone*, Kaufman, K>rr, Daniel P.
King, James G. Kim.'. John A King. L-i £er . L< if!-r. Liltle-
fi.-lif Horace Mann, .l> h Vl-um, M.u-h.iM, Matteson, Met ler-
naud' MvDonalil, McD«.wi II, McGaughey, McKis-ock,
McQueen. Made, "Uilbon, Morehead", Morse, Morton,
Nel-on, Old-, Ori, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Pea^ec, Peek.
Phelps. Pitman, Potter, Powell. Reed, Risley, Rockwell,
Sava"e, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Spiufding, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard M. Stanton, !
Stmn" Sweetser, J icob Thompson, Tlmrman, Underbill, |
Vinton', Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, \
Williams, and Wilmot—112 |
NAYS—Messrs. Alberts m, Al^xnndei, Audiews Baker, ;
Bav, Bi-^ell, Bowoou, Bowie, Bowhn, Buggs, Brooks, [
Albert G. Blown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, j
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Bntltr. Joseph Cable, Camp- i
Ivil Cleveland. Williamson R W Cobb, Cole, Conner, [
r>i< kev, Imwuiek, Dixon, Duei, Dunham,'Naihan Evan*, ;
F(ioh," Fowl'-r, Gilmore, Gott, Hall, llallowav, llatlari, ;
J{ tv ' Raymond, Hehaid, Andrew Johnson. Geoige C.
King, Preston King. McLanuhan, McMullen, Mcacham, |
Miller. Moon*, Morris, Newell, Ogle, Richardson, Rohm- !
son. Root. Rose, Rox-, Schenck, Sbepperd, Silve-tcr,
S'):ai',ne, Steiwon. Toonihs, Van Dyke, YVuitworth, White,
Wintiirop, and Y<>ung—6>.
So the second resolution was adopted.
Mr. BURT moved a reconsideration of the
* vote, ond that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The ques'ion then recurred on the adoption of
the third resolution repoited by the committee,
which is in the winds following:
TM [ia Cii, Th.U the act afoiesaid did not authorize the
S.«er<fu\ of to. Tre i u \ fr> pay inteie-t on caul cl.nm. and
ii- p iMnent wa> nut '• in conformity with law" or " pioee-
diiit."
Mr. ORR asked the yeas and nnys on the adop-
tion ofihe resolution which wereoideied.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 118, nays 71; as follow:
YEAS— Mess'r*. Alb"it-on, Alexander, Allen, Andrew--,
A-ne, Avereu. Bav, Bi-=sell, Bococ k Booth, Bowdon, Bow-
1-n. Bo\d, Bngg<", Brooks, Albeit G. Brown. Willi,un J.
Brown,Buel, Burt, Thomas l>. Bmler, Jovpli Cable, G. A.
<1 i)i|well. J i'. Caldwell, Campbell, Caruer. Cleveland,
W R W. Oohb. Colcoek, C do, Congei, Corwui, Crowell,
Daniel. Dimmit k, l>i-n<y, Dotv> Dunham, Durkee. Ed-
jniind-ori, Kwmir, Feather-ton, F>tch, Powler, Gerry, Gid-
(liin'c. Gilntoie, Goi ii-ao, G  tf, Hall, Hamilton, li.nnmoud,
Haral-on, iiarlan, l-h nn G Ihrn-, Samp-on W. Harn-,
Thomas L. Hun-, [l.-hard. Hihh-ud, Hoiladay, Huhhard,
Inae, Joseph VV. /.o-k-on, VVihiain T. Jtck-on, Andrew
Jnhn-oii, Join's, Julian, K tulm.ni, Pie-ton Kuiff, La Sere,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, Me-
Clernand, MeOonaltl, M< Dow«ll, M( Lanah.ui, McMullen,
MeClueen, M'-Wiihe, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morse, Old's, Orr, Paiker, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps, Potter,
p.fwell, Rich-.idftOti, Kohinson, Rockwell, Root, Ro--e,
K' Savage, Sawt'dle, Silvester, F P. Stanton, Rr. H.
Stanton, Snt^on, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, James
Ttiomp-on, Tuck, Van Dyke, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
YVenpvo.th, Wildrick, Wilmot, "Wood,and Youn< —iiy.
NAY^—Vle^r-. Biker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Bieck,
Chcsn-r Butler, E. C. Cabell, (Jalvin, Cas<w. Chandler,
Clarke, Ciimruian, Conrad, Dcbeiry, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Nath.'.n Evans, Frt e^lev, G« ntiv,* Goii.d, Grumell, Ifanip-
ton. lity. Hnmond, Henrv, Hilhard, Hon-ton, Howe,
H'li'iter, "Jamex L. Jonn.-on, Kerr, Daniel P. King, Geoicc
G. Kms-. .1'ini'"- G. Kin^, John A. King, Marr-hall, Matie-
>oo, MoGmghey, MeKi^-nck, Moore,"MorHiead, Morton.
K.-l'oo. Newfl), Omlaw,  Ow«n, Pitnnn, Putnam,
R*eed. Pvi^ley, liumsey, tfaekett, Sclienck, Schermerhoiu.
^clioolcratt, fleddon, "Sbepperd, ypAuldinjr, Stanlv, A. 11.
Si >ph« ns. Tliiddeii^ Stevens, i'hurrnan, Toomhs, (Jiirler-
inll Vmton, Wf-llbom, White, Williams, and Wmthrop—
71.
So the tl trd resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BURT moved to reconsider the vote by
which this resolution was adopted, and to lay that
motion on the table.
Mr. FLCATHERSTON inquired, in ease the
motion to reconsidcr were sustained, if an amend-
ment would not then be in order?
The SPEAKER replied, that an amendment to
the original resolution would then be in order, as
the previous question would have exhausted itself.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked that an amend-
ment be read, which he gave notice he would offer
in case the motion to reconsider were agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read.
The Chair will state that it cannot be received
until the vote is reconsidered.
Mr. BURT. I think the reading of the amend-
ment is not in order, except by unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
amendment can he read, though it cannot be re-
ceived until the vote is reconsidered.
Mr. CLINGMAN suggested ^at reading
could not be in order, if the gentleman from South
Carolina objected.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, it will
be the duty of the Chair to put the question to the
House, Shall the amendment be read?
By general acquiescence—
The proposed amendment ofMr. Featiierston
was read, as follow*:
" *nd tint 'hf House does not approve of the conduct of
the Pecretaiv ot *var. in continuing to he interested m the
prosecution of it when it wa* to he examined, adjusted, and
p;pii b\ one of the dep-u iwnt8 of the Government, he hnn-
*elf heinff at the «arne time at the head of another of those
department*, hut the Hou^e eon-ideis th 't such connection
! and intere-tof a member of,the Cabinet with a claim pend-
! inir and pro«ecnt^d h«,fnre another department, would he
'• dangerous a« a precedent and o«i>ht not t > he sanctioned.
[ A'Hi eon-;« qu^n'lv that I be Hoiwe also fotallv di-.-ents from
; the rorieeoipis of the onnnon e\pir «.ed bv tlm Pn -ident of I
; the Unite«l Static to the Secietarv of W.ir, 'that hw ("the [
| c-aid Craw'ord) b"ing at the head of the War Dep'ntnient, j
j < ami the agent of the claimants did not take from him anv '
! 1 rn/ht" he mav have had as«nch njrent, or would have jn-=- ,
i {tified him in having the fxaminntion and deei-ion of the
i < claim® bv the Secretary of the Treasury suepend^d;'1 and :
i ihat t!ii« Hons" decidcrllv disapproves of, and <h— ent- ftom, i
! the opinion given by the Attorney General in favor of an al- !
j lowancc of int<>re«t on said claim, and from the action of !
1 the Secretary nfthoTnvnuiy in payment of the same." ,
!l Mr. SCHENCK said, if the reading of that!
[i amendment hcul been in order, it would be in order I
j: to lead an amendment which he £;ave notice he
should offer as an amendment to the amendment
! of the gentleman from Mississippi, if that amend-
]j rnent were received
>' He said he took the ground that it was wrong
;! for a Cabinet officer to be connected with any
; claim—even if it were good.
| Mr. CARTTER said he had an amendment
which he should offer as an amendment to that of
; his colleague.
The proposed amendment of Mr. Sciiekck was
I, read, as foilowR:
j' Uls-oUcI, That tin- Flou-e finds in the tect-nioiiy reported
|i hv the cfnimmee appointed to investigate the conduct of
ji George VV Ciawioni, the Secretary ot W<n, m lelation to
! I t'ie claun of the repieventauv< s fii Geoiiie G-ilp'-" n, no proof
^ ofeoirnption or fraud in proetirmg the pa*—age of the law
|i allowing «'iid el.uni, nor m otuainmg paMneut ofthe^nnie
|| hv tin- Secret.^- ol the Tiea-my, who was dir< clod hv the
i| aci oi Congress to examine, adjust, and pay what t-hotjld he
! found due to said Galplim ; but the House decidedly dis-ap-
]i proves ofhH conduct in cnntnaiing to be interested in the
l' prosecution of thai claim when it was io he so examined,
1! adjusted, and paid bv one oi the depaitments of the Govf-rn-
! | rnent, he himself being at the same time at the head or an-
i J other of those department^, for the reason that such con-
i nection and interest of a member of rhe Cabinet with a
, cl.ntn while pending and being piosecnted before another
: | department, is indelicate, improper, and unbecoming would
. he dangerous as a precedent, a«:d ought not to he sane-
. I tJO!,"d.
'1 Mr. CARTTER asked for the reading of his
;! amendment.
The SPEAKER said, if no objection was made
\\ the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio would
!j be read.
,! No objection being made,
ji The proposed amendment of Mr. Caktter was
read, as follows:
Rpvolwd, That George W. Ciawford be, and is hereby,rt-
queNted to return to the Tica-ury the amount of nione> the
s'i;U tJraw'ord has obtained tiom the Government ori the
Oalpinn chum as miese-it.
Mr. WILMOT gave notice if the vote were re-
considered, that he would offer a substitute for all
the propositions, which he desired to have read.
No objection being made,
The proposed substitute of Mr. Wilmot was
read, as follows:
Resolved, Tliat this House condemn® as highly censurable
and improper, the conduct of George W. Crawford, Secre-
tary of War, in prosecuting before one of the departments
of the Government, as agent, the claim of the heirs ot
George Galphin, arising under the treaty of Vnd, with the
Creek and Cherokee Indians, and in which said Crawfoid
was largely interested ; and that the payment c f the iwtein*t
thereon by the Secietary of the Treasury vva- unauthorized
by the act of 14th Augu-t, 1848; and that tin- House div«ent
from the opinion of the Attorney General in tavor of the
allowance of interest on said claim.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
laying on the table the motion to reconsider.
'Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
Mr. DUER rose to a question of order, and
inquired whether, if the House reconsidered the
vote upon the adoption of the resolution, it would
then be in order to move any of the amendments.
The SPEAKER replied, that if the House re-
considered, the previous question would be ex-
hausted, and the resolution would be open to
amendment.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 79, nays 109; as follow:
YEA?5—Messis. Ak-ton, Averett, Bokee, Booth, BnggJ,
Albert G. Brown, Buel, Burt, Chesier Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Joseph P Caldwell, Claike, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Cole,Conrad, Cor-
win, Crnvvell, Duncan, Nathan Evan--, Fowler, Gentiy. Gid-
dir 2?, Got!, Gould, Gunnel!, H.d!, H*ra!-<>n, ri iinp-on \V.
Harris, Hav, Fla\ mond, H> bard, Henry. H'-IIaday, Holmes,
Hou-ton, Howe. Hunter, Inge, Joseph W Jack-on, J ones
1.. Johnson, Kerr. Daniel P King, George G King. J.imea
G. King, John A. King, Horare Mann. Mar hall, M n-on,
McGanghev, M'-Ki sock, M.-acham. Mead**, MiHson, More-
head, Nel-'on, N-well, Outlaw, Parker. I'mvi II, Rum-ey.
S.iokett, Sebcnncrhorn, Seddon,Sh' ppeid, Silvester, Spaul-
ding, Stanlv. Fie.derick P. Stanton. Alexander H. Stephens,
'I'hurman, Toomh«. Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Wellborn,
William*,and Winthrop—"9.
NAYS—Mjt sr^. Albert>on, Alexander, Andrews, Aslie,
Bay. Ba\lv, Bennett, Bi-<el), Bowdon, Bowie, Bowhn,
Bovd. Biook-, William J. Brown, Lunows. Jo&eph C.dile,
George A. Caldwell. Calvin, Campbell, Carttcr, Chandler,
Con er, D lmel, D"hPirv, Dickey, Dimm'ck, Di-nev, Dolv,
Duei, Dunham. Dmkee.E'humK'son, Ewing, Feaihersion,
Fitch, K'eedlet, G-nv. G-'more, H.il'  way, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Hampton. Harlan, E-batn G H 'r11-, Them 'S 1- Har-
ris-, riihb;od, Hilh4rd,%HubhariJ, Andrew Jidu-sou, Jones,
Juli n, K lufman. Pr<-ton King, Ea Bete, Ii< ffl -r, Littie-
fj<•!'i, Job M'ann, Mart* ^on, McDou .* II. McLanahar!, Mc-
Mollen McQueen. MeA^'ilhe Mdler, Mooie, Moi ris. Morse,
Ogle, Old*. Orr, Pen^e , Peck, Phelps Pitman, P.Mt'ii Put-
nam. Reed, RevnoltN, Kichaulson, Ridley, Robinson, Rock-
well, Boot. l!o«f Bo-si, J^avngc, Pawtel'c, Schenck, School-
crah, Spiacne, Richard II Bt.it.ton, Tlmildeu- Stevens,
Ptctson, Sweptser, Jacob Thomp-on, James Thompson,
1 V'nion. Walden, Waldo. W.dlaee, VV« ntvvorthj White,
, Wildrick, Wilmot, Wood, and Young—109.
1 So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
i the table.
And the.question recurring on the motion to re-
! consider—
; Mr. FEATHERSTON demanded the previous
i question.
! Pending which question,
; The House adjourned.
| NOTICE OF A JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. KAUFMAN gave nonce that he would a-k leave on
■ Moi.day next, oi -ome earh dav thcteafter, to introduce a
joini resolution d"approving ot arid eondemnint? the order
of Colonel John Munio' , ot the 2:'d ot April <hrctt<n«
the election o! deb gates to a on-vennon to he held at Santa
F6 on the lath ot Mav, 1850. for the purpose ot training a
| State constitution for New Mexico.
| PF/PiTIOIVS, See.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, anu referred to the ap-
propriate committees :
; Bv Mr. ROCKWELL : The petition of Henry W. Taft
1 and -il other-, eiPzens ot West Stuckhridge, Massachusetts,
m favor of the modification or repeal ot the taufT law of
! 1846, and the enactment of a law recognizing the pmiciple
• of -peeitfc dutK'-. **
By Mi. BROWN, of Mississippi. Remonstrance of J. B.
i Thr'ashei and M85 others against the removal of the land
i office Irom Washington, Mississippi, to Moniiceiio, m the
1 same State.
B> Mr, EVANS, of Ohio: The portion of Benjamin
Thomas, postmaster at St. Clair-ville, Ohio, for an altera-
tion ot tlu taw icgulatmg ilie compensation of postmasteis,
, and lor an inciease ot hi* compensation.
By Mr. CAKELL, ot Floiida: The petition of sundry cit-
i izeri-s ot Benton county for compensation for military &er-
: vices rendered in the summer and tall of 1549.
B\ Mi. ROCKWELL: The petition of Daniel Stevens
■ and'.ll other citizens ot Pittsfieki, Massachusetts, m favor
1 of a mndihcation or repeal of the tariff law of ld^6; and the
| enactment ot-a law recognizing the principle of specific du-
ties on import".
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of John Frazierand John
Read, citizen'' of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to grant them relief, a^ the sureties of Joseph S.
Boyd, the late and defaulting postmaster at New Ca.-tle, in
said county.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memoiial of the delegates to
■ the Medical Societv of the State of Pennsylvania, asking
t that there may be estabh-hed on behalt ot the medical offi-
cers of the navv, an as-imilated rank. Also, fiom profess-
ors of the Medical College and numerous physicians, of
! Philadelphia, for the same purpose.
By Mr. HiBBARD: The memorial of Benjamin Reed and
1 other*, remonstrating against the establishment of a new
i! post road from Colebrook to Pittsburg,m New Hampshire.
