260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
to think it too much for one Administration to
bear, and, therefore, strives to divide its responsi-
bility with his distinguished democratic predeces-
sor. I commend his discretion, more than his
generosity. It is discreet in him to shake off as
much of the odium of this thins: as possible. If it
had been a worthy action I doubt if he would not
have appropriated the honors of it entirely to
himself.
The President sees, as well as you or I, that
there is afearful accountability ahead, and he cries
out in time, I'Polk was to blame—I only followed
up what he begun." I would to God he were as
willing to carry out all of Polk's unfinished plans.
Is there nothing wrong, let me ask the friends
of the President, in this thing of the Executive—
of l\is own volition, and upon his own responsi-
bility—establishing a State government over the
territory of the United States, and that too after
Congress had been invoked and had refused her
consent to the establishment of such a govern-
ment? 1 have seen the time when if this thing
had been done, the nation would have revei berated
with the eloquent burst of patriotic indignation
from gentlemen on the other side. General Jack-
son was ehatged with taking the responsibility,
but he never assumed responsibility like this.
The manner of doing this thing is still more
extraordinary than the thing itself. Gen. Riley,
a military commander, charged with the execution
of certain necessary civil functions, is made the
man of power in this business. That officer, on
the 3d day of June, 1849, issued his proclamation,
a paper at once novel and bold. His object is to
make a new State, and he commences thus:
"Congress having failed at its recent session to provide a
new government for tins country, the undersigned would
call intention to the means which he deems bus-t," &<•., &e.
Yes, sir, there it is. Congress having failed to
give government to California, Gen. Riley notifies
the inhabitants that he has taken matters into his
own hands; that he will give them a government,
and that he will authorize them to make a State
for themselves. He does this, too, because Con-
gress had refused.
I must do General Riley the justice to say he
is not wholly an usurper in this business. He
declares to the world in this same proclamation, (a
document by the way drawn up with acumen and
legal precision,) that the course indicated bv him
" is advised by the President and the Secretaries
of Siate and of War," and he (General Riley)
solemnly affirms that his acts are fully author-
ized bylaw." I hope the General did not un-
derstand that Mr. Secretary Preston's bifl was the
law that " fully authorized*'his acts. There might
be a difficulty in sustaining the opinion on that
basis, inasmuch as the luff did not pass Congiess.
There are stranger things than these hi this
Riley pioclamation " advised by the President,
and Secretaries Clayton and Crawford." The
General not only sets forth circumstantially what
is to he done, but he designates the persons who
are to tlo the things which he bids to be done.
Hear him:
uEvery iree male citizen of the United States and of
Upper California, 21 y<ms of age, will be entitled to the
right of suffrage. All citizens of Lower California who
have been torced to come into tins Terntoiv oil account of
having rendered asnVtanee to the American troop* dunn«
the recent war with Mexico, should uNo he allowed u> vote
in the district where they actually reside," &e.
Now, sir, I humbly ask who gave the President
and his Cabinet the right to " advise" this military
commander by one sweeping proclamation to ad-
mit the "free male citizens of Upper California "
ant/ "all the citizens of Lower California," (then
in the country, under certain circumstances,) to the
right of voting? In so important a matter as form-
ing a State constitution, which was to effect im-
portant interests within theTerritory, and still more
important interests without the Territory, it would
have been at least lespectful to his southern con-
stituents, if the President had confined the voting
to xchile people; but ail free males of Upper Calw '
fornia, and all from Lower California, whether !
bond or free, were fully authorized to vote. Shame, !
shame upon the man who, in the midst of our
struggles for blood-bought rights, thus coolly suo-
mits them to the arbitrament of such a people.
I have been speaking of what the President ex- ■
pressly authorized. He, bv his agent, General
Riley, m terms authorized these peoble of whom I ij
have been speaking to vote. They did vote; thev Jl
were voted for; some of'them had seats in the !
so-called California Convention. But the gross
wrong—the palpable outrage—did not stop here.
We all know—the President knows—that every-
body voted. The whole heterogeneous mass of
Mexicans, and foreign adventurers, and interlopers
voted; and yet, the President, without one word
of comment or caution touching these strange
events, calmly recommends the progeny of this
strange convention to the favorable consideration
of Congress. If I had not ceased to be amazed ^
the conduct of the present President of the United
States, I should indeed wonder what singular infat-
uation had possessed the old man's brain when
he made that recommendation. Can it be that he
has not read the treaty with Mexico, or the laws
of his own country on the subject of naturalizing
foreigners, that he thus recommends the admission
of a State into the Union, with a constitution
formed' mainly by persons who were strangers to
our laws, and who, by our laws and by the treaty,
were not citizens, and consequently had no right
of suffrage? Look you, sir, to the treaty with
Mexico. In its 8th article it is declared: "That
4 Mexicans who shall prefer to remain in the terri-
i tory may either retain the rights and title of Mex-
' lean citizens or acquire those of citizens of the
* United States." They shall make then- election
m one year after the treaty is ratified. "And those
4 who shall remain in the territory after the expira-
' tion of thnt year without having declared their
4 intention to retain the character of Mexicans
* shall be considered to have elected to become
4 citizens of the United States."
Mexicans remaining in the territory after twelve
months 11 shall be considered to have elected to be-
come citizens of the United States;" but who shall
make thein citizens? This question is fully an-
swered by the ninth article of this treaty. We
have seen that Mexicans may acquire the rights of
citizens of the United States, and that under cer-
tain circumstances they are deemed to have elected
to become citizehs, &c. Read the ninth article of
the treaty: " Mexicans who, m the territories
'^foresaid, shall not preserve the character of cit-
' lzens of the Mexican Republic, conformably with
' what is stipulated in the preceding article, shall
4 be incorporated into the Union of the United
4 States, and be admitted at the proper time (to be
'judged of by the Congress of the United States)
' to the enjoyment of all the rights of citizens of
' the United States according to the principles of
' the Constitution."
Here we have it. They are " to be incorporated
' into the Union, and be admitted at the proper lime, to
' be judged of by Congress, to the enjoyment of all the
4 rights of citizens of the United Stales." Wlieie did
the President get his authority to dispense with
| these articles, these solemn stipulations of the
treaty? By what right does he extend to these
people that dearest privilege of an American free-
man, the right of suffrage? By what authority
does he confer the power to hold office, to sit in a
convention, an^ to trample under foot the rights of
the southern people? The late Administration had
something to do with making- this tieaty, and they
provided that these people, at a proper time, to be
judged of by Congress, should enjoy all these
rights. Congress has not judged in the matter.
Congress has done nothing. Congress has refused
to act, and the President tells these people to vote,
to accept office, to make a State constitution, to
elect Governors, Secretaries, Auditors, Members
of Congress, &c., &e. And when they have done
as he bid them, he " earnestly recommends their
acts to the favorable consideration of Congress."
And this is the President who was going to act
according to the laws and the Constitution, and
abstain from all interference with the duties of
1 Congress. O temporal 0 mores!
\ [Here the hammer fell, and Mr. Brown gave
I notice that he would append the unfinished re-
| marks to his piirued speech ]
The piesent Piesident of the United Srates de-
lights in doing in ail things like Washington. In
I his annual message he alludes no less than three
! times, with evident self-complacency, to supposed
j similitudes between his acts and those of the'iilus-
; trious Father of his Country.
: In the earlier history of the Republic, and in
; the time of Washington's Presidency, a case bear-
1 ing close resemblance to the one under discussion
i was presented for his consideration. How closely
the second Washington copies the precedent of
the first may be gathered from the history of the
transaction. That history has been briefly sketched
by a distinguished, eloquent, and aged friend of
President Taylor. I ' read from a pamphlet by
Geoige Poindexter:
"Shortly after the cession hy North Carolina of th.e South-
western Territoiy, ceitam influential individuals anxious to
hasten the formal ion of an independent State government
within the ceded territory, induced the inhabitants to call a
convention and frame a State constitution, to which they
gave the name of the State of Franklin.* This proceeding
met the unhesitating frowns and disapprobation of the
Father of hi* Country—the illustrious Washington—who
caused it to be instantly suppre>sed. and in Hen of this fac-
titious State government, a territorial government was ex-
tended to the inhabitants by Congress, under which they
lived and piospered for many years."
If the first President, the great, the good, the
illustrious Washington, would not listen to the
proposition of the Franklanders, citizens as they
were of the United States, for admission into the
Union, under the circumstances attending their ap-
plication, \ ask how the present President shall
justify his proceeding, in first prompting the fee
male citizens of Upper California, all the people of
Lower California, and in fact the interlopers and
adventurers from all the nations of the earth, now
upon our territory, to form a State constitution,
and ask admission into our Union? And now,
when this constitution, the creation of such a con-
glomerate mass, is about to be presented, let the
friends of the President justify, if they can, his
"earnest recommendation that it may receive the
favorable consideration of Congress."
Frankland was not admitted as a State, but
a Territorial government was given to the coun-
try under the name of Tennessee. As a territory
these people again applied for admission, and again
their application was rejected. I read from Poin-
dextcr's pamphlet the history of this second appli-
cation: •
" Subsequent to these transactions the inhabitants of the
Southwestern Territory having increased."as it was believed,
to a sufficient number to enutie them to become one oI the
States of the Union, iho Territorial l ogi>latme directed a
censusto be taken under the authority of an act passed by
that body. This census having hern >o taken, exhibited a
HUinbe.i of free inhabitants exceeding 60,000—bi'ing a greater
number than was requited by the ordinance of 1787 to ad-
mit them into the Union; and on the 28th of November,
179.3, the Governor being authorized thereto by l iw, is?ued
Ins proclamation requiring the inhabitants of the several
counties of the Territory to clmo-e persons to represent
them in convention, for the puipose of forming a constitu-
tion or permanent form of government. This body so
chosen, met in convention on the llth January, 17S6. and
adopted a constitution, in which they declared the people of
that part ot said Territory which was ceded by North Caro-
lina, to be a free and independent Slate, by the name of the
State of Tennessee. Without entente into minute details
ot all the proceedings which took place in relation to tins
constitution, it w ill he sufficient for my present purpose to
refer to the Senate Journal ot the first session of the (ounh
Congress, to which that constitution was submitted for the
reception and approbation of Congress. In the report of
the committee ol the Senate, to whom this constitution was
referred, it will be seen that this act of the territorial au-
thorities was deemed premature and irregular; that the
census ordered to be taken of the inhabitants was in many
respects deficient m detail, and more especially that thp
enumeration ol the inhabitants must, bv the constitution.he
made by Congress; that this Mile applied to the original
States of the Union, and us th'jii rights as members ol the
Union are affected hy the admission of new States, the
same principle which enjoins the census of their inhabitants
to be taken under the anthontv of Coiigres s, equally requires
the enumeration of the inhabitants of any new State, laid
out by Congress in like mannei, should he made under their
authority. This rule, the committee are of opinion, left
Congiess, without discretion on this point. The committee
theu-foie repoited, that the inhabitants of that part of the
Termor) south of Ohio, ceded by North Caiolina. are not at
this time entitled to be received as a new State into the
Union. This exampleis drawn from the action of Congiess
during the administration of Washington, and will serve to
show )Ou, sir, the great caution with which, under the
admini-iration of that illustrious individual, the State waa
admitted into the Union."
In the pitrer and better days of the Republic it
was thought necessary to consult Congress as to
the disposition to he made of the territory belong-
ing to the United States, and our fathers thought
it necessary to show a decent regard to the de-
mands of the Constitution, in admitting new
States into the Union. But in these latter days,
when soldiers become statesmen, without study,
and men intuitively undetstand the Constitution,
the old-fashioned notions of Washington and his
compatriots are treated with scorn, and we are
given to understand that the soldier-President can
make new States without the aid of Congress, and
in defiance of the Constitution. Whether the
people will submit to this high-handed proceeding
I do not know; hut for my single self i am
prepared to say, that " live or die, sink or swim,
survive or perish," I will oppose it "atali hazards
and to the last extremity."
