1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
What, Mr. Chairman, is to he the effect of ad-
mi:tins: California into the Union as a State? Inde-
pendent, sir, of ail the objections I have been
pointing out, it will effectually unhinge that sec-
tional balance which has so Ions and happily exist-
ed between the two ends of theUnion, and at once
give to the Nor'th that dangerous preponderance in
the Senate, which ambitious politicians have so
earnestly desired. The admission of one snch
State as California, opens the way for, and renders
easy the admission of another. The President al-
ready prompts New Mexico to a like course. The
two will reach out (heir hands tn a third, and
they to a fourth, fiYth and sixth. Thus precedent
follows precedent, with locomotive velocity and
power, until the North has the two-thirds required
to change the Constitution. When this is done
the Constitution will be changed. That pub-
lic opinion, to which Senator Sf.wakd so signifi-
cantly alludes, will be seen, and its power will be
felt—universal emancipation will become your ral-
lying: cry. We see this. It is clearly set forth in
all your movements. The sur. at noonday is not
more visible than is this startling danger. Its pres-
ence does arouse our fears and set* our thoughts
in motion, ft romes with giant strides and un-
der the auspices of a southern President, but we
will meet it, and we will vanquish it. The time
for action is almost come. It is well for us to ar-
range the order of battle. I have listened, and will
again listen with patience and pleasure, to the plans
ot our Southern friends. My own opinion is this:
that we should resist the introduction of California
as a State, and resist it successfully; resist it by our
votes first, and lastly by other means. We can, at
least, force an adjournment xoithout her admission.
This being; clone, we are safe. The southern
States, in convention at Nashville, will devise
means for vindicating: their rights. I do not know
what these means will be, but I know what they
may be,'and with propriety and safety. They may
be to carry slaves into all of southern California,
as the property of sovereign States, and there hold
them, as we have a n^ht to do; and if molested,
defend them, as is both our right and duty.
We ask you to give us our rights by non-inter-
vention; if you refuse, I am for taking them by
armed occupation.
Mr. B. having concluded—
Mr. MORTON" obtained the floor, hut yielded
to a motion by Mr. Cabell and Mr. Bayly that
the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned'.
261
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Elec-
tions. reported, yesterday the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the parties to the contested election from
the Fourth Congressional District of the State of Pennsyl-
vania bid, and they are hereby authorized to take the testi-
mony of such witnesses as they, or either of them, may
require, by depositions, in conformity with the laws of Penn-
sylvania in force at the time of taking such testimony, in
relation to takins depositions to be Used in the trial of cases
in the courts of Common Plf*as of^aid Stale, before anv al-
derman or justice of the peace of the city or county of Phil-
adelphia. Provided That the notice of tune and place of
taking such depositions shall be given by the party taking
the samr, to the opposing party, at least ten days before
they shall be taken. Provided, also, That the parties may
bv agreement in writing or otherwise, regulate the mode of
giving notice, •find ^roytrferfj a/so, That when sHch deposi-
tions idiall have been taken, they shall, together with the.
agreements and notices aforoaid, be sealed up by the officer
taking the same and returned to the Speaker of tht* House.
petitions, &e.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr, FOWLER: The petition of John B. Thomasand
£2 others citiaens of Plymouth, Massachusetts, for a propo-
sal to other Governments for a Congress of Nations.
ANo, the petition of Maltha Ann Chase, for indemmtyfo
French spoliations. ,
Al-o, the petition of citizens of Boston, Scituate, Prov-
incetown, Chatham, &c., Massachusetts, asking for the
continuation of the light-house at the mouth of Scituate
hajt'or. , ,
By Mr JUL1EN: Petitions from two hundred andtwen-
ty-nine citizens of Fajeue county, Indiana, praying the
abolition of the office of Chaplain in Congress and in the
army and navy. Referred to the Juriiriaiy Committee.
AUo, petitions from one hundred and eighty-three citi-
zens of Wavne county, Indiana, praying the same. Re-
ferred as above. rT
AHo, a petition fiom twenty-three citizens ot Henry
county, Indiana, with a like prayer and reference.
Also, the memorial of the Yearly Meeting oi Anti-slavery
Friend-*, held in Newport, Wayru* county, Indiana, from the
4th of the 10th month to the 9th of fhe same, inclusive,
1849, praving ih<  abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the District of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District.
By Mr.MANN,of Pennsylvania: The petition of Captain
Samuel Cooper. John Irvine, and 168 others.
Al^o, the petition of Thompson Adams, James Rutledae,
and 127 others. 6 '
AKo, the petition of John Strickler, David Lon«necker
and 82 others. '
_AWn, the petition of John Hill, James Trimble, and 30
others, all citizen" of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
piaymg Congress for the enactment of a Jaw for the'relief ot
the surviving officers and soldiers of the late war with Great
Britain. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
/By Mr. WT^MOT: The petitions signed by over 31*0 cit-
jy.eu* of R/adfoui countv, Pennsylvania, and Tioga countv,
<'New York, a^kinc for the establishment of a tri-weekly
mail route from Leioyville, Rradford county, throuah the
town«hip> of Wairen and Windham, Pennsylvania, and
Nichols New York, to Smilhboio5 m Tioga county. New
Ymk.
Bv Mr. LA SERE: The memorial of the Board of Health
ot tlip citvot'Ni'wUrleaiis, and the Bom d of Administrators!
of the Chanty Hospital of the State of Louisiana, asking
the enactment of a law imposing a tax upon alien passen-
gers arriving at the port-* of the United Slates. Referred to
the Committee on the Tudiciary.
By Mr. SRDDON • The petition of Mrs. Lucy Clark, wid-
ow of the late Rev. John Clark, of Kuig and Queen countv,
Virginia, praying for additional allowance on account of the
[evolutionary services of her husband. Referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. BOYVLIN: The petition of Adolphus Mier & Co.,
merchants of St. Louis, praj ing the refunding of duties upon
certain pood*, burned upon the steamer Marsha! Ney, at the
l>ort of New Orleans, immediately after transhipment, and
before leaving port. Referred to the Committee on Com-
mciee.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of J. H. Loomis and 31
others, of Attica. New Yoik. piaving that the rate of post-
age on pre-paid letters may he established at two cents on
letters not exeet dine one half ounce in weight.
Bv Mi. CROWELL : The petition of J. S. Sawyer, Geo.
R. Pieioe, and oilier-*, students in the Western Reserve Col-
lege, Hudson, Ohio, p a\ina the reduction of postage totvvo
cent-i on all piepaid letters.
Bv Mr. RfSLEY: The petition of Charles H. Lee and
other®, heirs ol OhverLee, deceased, citizen* of Chamauque
countv, New York, praying Congress for compensation foi
damages in relation to the schooner Savannah at the mouth
of Buffalo Crpek. Referrt d to the Committee on Claims*.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of Abel Merwin, Wil-
liam Jew, and 100 others, citizens of Newton Falls, Trum-
bull countv, Ohio, praung the leduction of postage to two
cer.t^ on all prepaid letters. '
Bv Mr. CHANDLER.: The petition of the Pennsylvania
Society for promoting the abolition of Slavery. &c., praying
for the abolition of the slave trade between the States. Re-
ferred to thp Committee on the District of Columbia.
By Mr. KINX5, of Massachusetts: The petition of Theo.
N. Breed and 70 otliers, of Lynn, Massachusetts,againsttne
extension of Wrn. Woodw orth's patent for a planing machine.
The papers relating to the claims of United States citizens
on T-Iavti were referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Bv Mr. DOTY: The petition of Daniel Welh, jr., George
G-. Dousman. and sundry other eitiz,cns of Wisconsin, for
the survey and location of a military road fiom Fort How-
ard, at Green Bay, to the mouth of Carp river, on Lake Su-
perior. Referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, the petition of Charles B. Finch for an increase of
his pension, or that he be allowed his pension fiom the time
he was wounded. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Also, the petition of John Webb, J. A. floover, and other
citizens of Wisconsin, for a matl route fiom Geeeu Bay to
the mouth of Carp river, (Woo<=ter) by the mouth of the
Manowanie, Cedar Fork, and JEkcanauba liver, and the
Iron Mountain. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Po<-t Roads.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition ofcitizens resi-
ding along the shores of the western lakes and on the banks
of the St. Lawrence and it« tnbutaues, praying Congress
to levy specific, instead of the present ad valorem duties on
lumber. Referred to the Committee of Wsus and Means.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of eighty citizens of
Lewisiown, county of Niagara, New York, asking that the
rate of postage on prepaid letters be established at two
cents per half onnce. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SCFIENCK presented a tnemoiial from eighty-two
citizens of Miainishnrgh, in the State of Ohio, praying for
the construction of a railroad across the continent to the
Pacific coa«t. on the nlan of Mr Asa Whitney. Referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, the petition of two hundred and thirty-seven legal
voters of the citv of D-iyion, Ohio, pnijing that the charge
for postasethrougbout the United Slates ma\ be reduced to
a uniform rate of two cents on each letter, and required to
be prepaid. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of fifty-six citizens of Green county,
Ohio, praying Congress to recognize the independence of
Liberia, in Africa. Referred to the Committee on Foreign
Afl'iirs.
Al<o, the petition of Archibald Crawford, Jonathan Craw-
ford, and, Charles H.Ciawfotd, of Dayton, Ohio, who are
interested m Bfanchard's parent for turning irregular forms,
prating that some law may be passed to prohihit the intro-
duction and «ale of such manufactures from the adp)tning
British Provinces, in violation of said patent right. Referred
to the Committee on Patent'.
On motion by Mr. SCIIENCK,
Ordered, Thut the petition and papers of Jacob Lagathy
be withdrawn from the files and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Also, Orderedt That the petition and papers of Samuel
Graves be withdrawn from the files and referred to the
Committee on N«tvaJ Affairs.
Also, Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mrs. Pris-
cilla Decatur Twiggs be withdrawn from the files and re-
ferred again to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 30,1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a repot t from the Secretary, made in obedience
to a resolution of the Senate, calling for the rea-
sons why the estimates of appropriations, as re-
quired by the joint resolution of January, 1846,
had not been delivered to the Senate.
The report was read and laid on the table.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
citizens of New York, numerously signed, asking
the enactment of a law requiring accounts to be
kept in the national currency instead of pounds,
shilling?!, and pence, and that all Spanish and
Mexican coins of the value of one-sixteenth and
one-eighth of a dollar be rated as half dimes and
dimes; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, the petition ofEvansand Churchman, and
Joseph R. Evans, merchants of Philadelphia,
asking that certain duties illegally exacted may
be refunded.
Also, the petitions of Gibson &. Co., Gibson &
Bell, and John Gibson & Co., asking that certain
duties, illegally exacted, may be refunded; which
several memorials were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. PHELPS presented the memorial of Syl-
vester Churchill, asking to be allowed certain are
rearages of pay due him as an inspector general of
the army; which was referred to the Committee on
Miiiuiy Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented two petitions of citi-
zens of New York, in favor of the reduction of
postage; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, asking a reduction of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Officc
and Post Roads.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial ofWm.
A. Doer, administrator of Wm. Duer, asking the
payment of a balance standing to the credit of said
Wm. Duer on the books of the Treasury; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial .of the
heirs of Stephen Griffith, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 3800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of Isabel
Le Leon, for herself and co-heirs of Benjamin
Nones, late of Philadelphia, asking indemnity for
French spoliations; which was referred to the
select committee.
Mr. BENTON submitted certain papers to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
the resolution to inquire into the expediency of
conforming the rules of procedure and practice in
the United States courts in Missouri to the prac-
tice of the State courts, viz:
1st. A letter from Judge Wells on the subject of
the inquiry.
2d. Draught of a special bill from Missouri.
3d. Draught ofageneralbill for allUnited States
courts.
4th. A copy of the statute of Missouri directing
the mode of procedure in the State coutts.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice that to-morrow, or
some early day, he would ask leave to introduce a
bill providing for the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence, and for reciprocal trade with Canada.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AJVD REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, Thai the papers the files of the Senate rela-
tes to the claim of Orville B. Dihbie ami G-onje C. Bates,
he referred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
reports from committees.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was refeited the
petition of Ira Day, of Vermont, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief. The
report was oidered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
