1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
of Texas. It is true, I have nevel5 seen the place,
and ihctefoie cannot speak advisedly. But it is
thought to be a better and more eligible place for
a custom-! onse than Brownsville, which leaves
the counhv open to smugglers for a great distance.
Mr. DAVIS. If the custom-house is to be
placed on the sea, then the mouth of the river is
the place to put it; but if it is to be placed where-
the population exists, then it ought to be located
at Brownsville. In my opinion, however, Brasos
Santiago, with she protection of a sea-wall, is the
only plf.ce where we ought to have a custom-
house, if wc ore to have one there at all.
Mr. RUS1C. I have no d-esire to prolong this
conversation, but would merely remark that this
custom-house is there, and until it is removed it
may be well enough to inquire whether it ought
to be protected. This resolution simply inquires
why the troops that were there for the protection
of the custom-house have been removed. The
custom-house is there, and it has been represented
by individuals from that section of the country that
it is in a very exposed position. It is very possi-
ble (hat it may be in the wrong place; but, so Jong
as it is theie, and considering the vast amount of
meichandise which is sometimes deposited there—
often amounting to five millions of dollars, besides
frequently as much as two hundied and fifty thou-
sand dollars in money—it appears to me to be bad
policy to leave it exposed to the depredations of
the Indians, who aie every day committing depre-
dations in the neighbot hood.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) Depredations on
the custom-house?
Mr. RUSK. Not, peihaps, on the custom-
house, but m the immediate neighboihood of it.
At any rate, there can be no objection that the
Secietai-y of War should inform us why he took
the^e iroops away. The fact is, that the Secretary
of War ought to inform us why that entire frontier,
so far as it is settled, is left unprotected. There
ate depredations committed not only in the imme-
diate neighborhood of Point Isabel, but all up and
down the Rio Grande, and these depredations have
been going on all the time. In fact, there is
scarcely a mail that comes from that quarter that
does not hiing announcements oflndian depreda-
tions. Under these circumstances, I think there
can be no objection to a mere resolution of inquiry
asking whv these troops have been removed.
Mr. DAVIS. If the resolution had been laid
on the table without remarks, and left to itself, I
should have said nothing in regard to it. I was
led to my lemuiks by those of the Senator from
T'-xas in support of his resolution. The lemarks
o''the Senator from Texas on my right [Mr. Rusk]
do no^Pppear to have any relation 10 the issue. It
h \s not been shown that the Indians have been in
the habit of attacking the custom-house; and it
would be a strange place to locate a custom house
where Indtans would attack it. It is the caravans
going to this place which are attacked. The Sen-
ator knows that a belter protection can be given by
the troops at Brownsville than ot Point Isabel, and
that no piotection which is adequate can be given
to the ouavans wuhout maiching with them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Piesidcnf, if theie be
any object in piotecfing Point Isabel at all, the only
way to attiin that object will be to station troops
there. The Indians have gone down to the sca-
botml in Urge numbers, and packed the village of
Lynnvilie some yeais ago. They did notpasrf by
a eingle habitation till they reached the immediate
point of attack. And they can still do so, because
the country is sparsely populated, and there are
chaparrals that can screen them from observation
until they are upon the place they wish to assail.
They might pass within ten, or five, or two miles
of Biownsvilie, without being seen, and advance
to Point Isihtl and take the custoner-house, with
ail the property therein contained.
The lesoluiion 1ms lain on the table several
days ^he entire object of it is to obtain infor-
mation. There is no ulterior design whatever in
this lesolutiori. We uhli merely to see which is
the more politic place, because it is the interest of
the Senators and Representatives of that country
to render the greatestgood to the inhabitants there,
and to promote the public interests by giving pro-
tection to property arid commerce upon that line
of the Rio Grande. Point Isabel, I understand,
is the first place situated upon the Rio Grande at
which a custom-house can be established securc
from inundation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is not on the
Rio Grande at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I mean on the borders of the
Rio Grande, and connected with its commerce.
When the proposed sea-wall shall be built, it may
be very appropriate to change the location of the
custom-house to some other point. I wish the
resolution to pass for no other purpose than to ob
tain the requisite information, and see whether the
reasons alleged in the correspondence have been
sufficient to countervail those suggested by the
commanding General, now President. That is
all I desire.
The question being taken on the adoption of the
resolution, it was agreed to.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I move to take
up for consideration a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the construction of certain roads in
the Territory of Minnesota, which was ordered to
a third reading on Saturday. On my motion, the
third reading was postponed till to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill, having been ordered to a third reading,
wai then read a third time.
The question then being on the passage of the
hill-
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, who
reported this bill, upon what authority these
amounts have been estimated, and why these
roads are required ? Are they required for military
purposes ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. As to the amounts, the Com-
mittee on Teriitories took them as they found
them in the bill from (he House of Representa-
tives. This is a House bill In looking over it,
we came to the conclusion that the appropriations
were certainly very small for the purposes desired.
But, for one, I did not feel disposed to increase
the appropriations, simply because the House had
passed the bill in its present shape, and they
might be sufficient. The object of the appropria-
; tions is to cut the timber through the woods, so as
j to mark the course of the roads. Once in a while
• a bridge will have to be built across a stieam. It
I is not expected to make good roods at all. These
j roads are to run through the Indian agencies in
! that neighborhood. Thus teams with their sup-
l plies can be brought backwards and forwards.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, Mr. President,
| some portion of this matter was referred to the
Militai y Committee some time ago, and they had
the subject under consideration. They directed
some inquiries to the Secretary of'War upon the
subject, which he rcferied to the Quartermaster
General. The Quartermaster General thought a
road might, be very useful to the population there,
and might be useful in a military point of v>cw, by
enabling the population to go to any requ'red
point of defence. But- he was not prepared to
; make any estimate of the cost of such a road or
| roads. The Secretary of War, on the other hand,
! thought the roads were not necessary for military
I purposes. He thought it would be best for Con-
t gressjto make an appropriation for insuring the
' navigation of the Upper Miss:ssippi from Fort
; Snelling to Fort Gaines. He thought the supplies
: ought to be transported bv way of the river from
Foit Snelling to Fort Gaines. He moreover
: stated that there was now a good road on the east
, side of the river, and therefore the only gain
I which would result from opening a road on the
j west side would be the inconsiderable advantage
j of crossing from one side of the river to the other.
1 That was the statement of the Secretary of War.
! And I was waiting for further information, for,
; upon that statement, I should have been compelled
j to make an adverse report.
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I wish
j to say a word in reference to this matter. The
hill referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
; of which the gentleman from Mississippi is chair-
man, was one introduced by my colleague for
j the construction of a military road from Dubuque,
j Iowa, to Fort Snelling, running on the west side
; of the Mississippi river. The Secretary of War
' was correct as to the good navigation of the Mis-
i sissippi, from Dubuque to the Falls of St. An-
j thony, but I did not understand his letter as re-
| ferring to the country above those Falls,
j Mr. DAVIS. I did not notice that part at all.
.1 The Secretary of War thought there would be
propriety in securing the navigation of the Missis-
sippi from Fort Snelling to Fort Gaines.
Mr. DODGE. But there is a permanent ob-
struction to the navigation of the Mississippi be-
tween those points (Fort Gaines and Fort Snelling)
which cannot or will not be removed for many
years to come. There is only navigation theie
for canoes and small boats. Steamboats do not
run above the Falls, though I hope when some
obstructions above the Falls are removed, that a
small class of boats will navigate the upper por-
tion of the river. The greatest benefit that will be
derived from the appropriations made by this bill
will be the construction of bridges across the
streams in Minnesota. The smallest rain often so
swells them as to renderthem impassable for days
and weeks. Much inconvenience and delay is
thus occasioned, which would be obviated, in
many instances, by bridges, which could be built
for a very small amount of this appropriation,
which I hope will be made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi is under a misappiehension in regard to the
side of the river that this road runs upon. It runs
upon the east side of the river, where the Secretary
of War thinks it ought to run.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
allow me a word ? He misapprehends the state-
ment of the Secretary of War. The Secretary of
War,as I stated, or intended to state, said that the
road now runs on the east side, and that an incon-
siderable advantage would result from running the
road on the west side.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had misapprehended what
the Senator stated to be the opinion of the Secre-
tary of War. Running the road on the west side
evidently is much shorter. The river makes a
bend, and as St. Paul and the other settlements
are on the east side, by running the road across,
instead of following the course of the river, would
make it much shorter. But these are very small
appropriations, and 1 apprehend that it is not ne-
cessary to take up further time in the discussion
of them.
The bill was read a third time and passed, on a
division, by a vote of 28 to 7.
INTEREST ON ADVANCES BY STATES.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 232. .
Mr. CLAY. What is it?
Mr. BRADBURY. A bill to refund to the
State of Maine interest on certain advances made
by that State, for the use of the United States Gov-
ernment, in the protection of the northeastern
frontier, under the treaty of Washington. 1 will
state that this bill involves no principle but one
which has repeatedly been recognized by Congress.
It involves simply this question: that this Govern-
ment pays interest on advances made, or expenses
incurred, by any State in peiforming duties incum-
bent upon the United States, as provided for by
the treaty of Washington.
The bill having been read a second time, was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HALE. I have not a word to say against
the bill. I shall vote in favoi of it. But I want
the committee who reported it to 3tate the grounds
upon which they pay interest to a State for ad-
vances, when they borrow the money, and refuse
to pay it to States which have advanced the
money, out of their treasury, without borrowing
it, for precisely the fame purposes? I cannot see
it for myself. The State of New Hampshire ad-
vanced a large sum of money to defend the very
same territory, when there was a conflict of juris-
diction between the United States and Great Bri-
tain upon the borders of New Hampshire. New
Hampshire happened to be, fortunately, so situ-
ated at that time that she was not under the neces-
sity of borrowing money, but she paid it out of
her own treasury, and Congress has passed a bill
refunding that sum to the State of New Hamp-
shire. Now, I do not know upon what principle
interest is_to be paid for a sum advanced by a
State, when they borrowed the money, and with-
held from States paying money for precisely the
same purposes out of their treasury, when the
claim has been recognized by both Houses. It
strikes me that there is no soundness in that dis-
tinction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
