1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
leave to state that there is no question before the
Senate; there is no amendment pending.
Mr. HALE, is there no question before the
Somue r
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the rules of the Senate require that the
question on agreeing to the bill shall be taken after
it is lepoited btick to the Senate. There is no
amendment offered.
Mr. HALE. Then I will move this amend-
ment to t-he bill: " that the accounting officer of the
Treasury be and he is hereby directed to pay to
the State of New Hampshire interest on the mo-
ney which she has advanced for the same pur-
pose "
Mr. BRADBURY. I will reply to the remarks
of the Senator from New Hampshire very briefly.
The committee did not deem it necessary to go be-
yond the principles which were involved in this
till, in reporting it. They found that it rested
upon precisely |he same principle on which simi-
lar claims had been allowed to the State of Ala-
bama, the State of Maryland, the State of South
Carolina, the Stateof Pennsylvania, and then, un-
der the act of 1792, to all the original States. I
do not understand that the Senator from New
Hampsh re objects to this bill; but he now moves
an amendment that New Hampshire shall be paid
a certain sum. I object to that amendment on the
ground that the claim of New Hampshire has not
been investigated, and that each biil should rest
upon us own foundation 
Mi. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. BRADBURY. Certainly. I yield the
floor.
Mr. HALE. I want to correct a mistake he
has fallen into. He says that the claim of New
Hampshire has not been liquidated. It has been
liquidated. An act of Congress was passed le-
fundmg the sum to the State of New Hampshire,
and the accounts have been liquidated at the Treas-
ury, and the principal actually paid during this
session of Congress. I simply want the interest
on that sum.
Mr. BRADBURY. I said that the claim of
New Hampshire had not been examined by the
committee, if that State has a similar claim to
this, let her present it, and let it be referred to the
committee for examination; and 1 doubt not, if it
is found to rest upon the same principle as that of
the claim now under consideration, a biil will be
reported. I think it altogether better that, in cases
of this kind, each claim should rest upon Us own
foundation. 1 hope the amendment will not be
adopted, and that, without consuming further
time, the bill will be allowed to pass, leaving the
claim of New Hampshire for future action in a
separate bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hale's
amendment, which was rejected. There beingno
further proposition to amend, the bill was reported
back to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Objection being made by Mr. HALE, it was
not read a third time.
CLAIM OF GEORGIA.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Senate bill 210,
being a bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
allow the payment of interest to the State of Geor-
gia/or advances made for the use of the United
Stales in the suppression of the hostilities of the
Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians, in the
years 1836, 1837, and 1838. The bill having been
read a second time, was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. From hearing the bill read, I
would suggest to my friend fiom Georgia the pro-
priety ot leaving out tnat portion of it which
speaks of money hereafter to be paid. We kno w
what we are acting on now. L'tult-r a bill passed
by Congress authorizing the rennbut sement of the
amount paid by Georgia, that amount has been
reimbursed, and we pay interest, from the time
that Georgia expended the money up to the time
of the passing; of the act. But to pass a general
bill with regard to claims hereafter to be presented,
in order that interest may foiiow, seems to me
going beyond what we have ever done in the case
of any State. I would suggest to my fnend, if he
wishes this bill to pass, not only here, but cer-
tainly in the other House, that he will confine it
to what has been paid to the State of Georgia under
the act of Congress; which, I presume, is all they
are fully entitled to. With that amendment, i
shall be disposed to vote for the amendment;
without it, I shall feel some difiicidiy. i will not
go into an examination of thesWilaims, because
they will not bear examination; and a hoerat spirit
on the part of the Government has heretofore
characterized their action in regard *to such ad-
vances made by States, and they have not only
reimbursed them, but in some instances there are
precedents where they have paid interest, as it has
been paid to the State of Maine by the bill just
passed.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am not at all disposed to
acquiesce in the remark of the Senator from
Alabama that this is a claim that will not bear in-
vestigation. The State of Georgia presents no
such claim to theGeneral Government. The State
of Georgia has made advances for purposes for
which the General Government was responsible.
A failure to conform to the precise regulations
of the Government of the United States in relation
to a portion of that claim occasioned a deferring of
the settlement of that claim. But the principle
upon winch this bill proceeds equally applies to
settled and unsettled claims; it is, that where ad-
vances aie made by a State for purposes for
which the Federal Government is responsible, and
which the Federal Government ought to have paid,
the State is to be reimbursed tor the advances
made. In legard to that potuon of the claim
which has not been settled, 1 beg to suggest to the
Senator from Alabama that that claim is to be
settled by the officers of the United States. They
will not allow what they are not authorized under
the law to allow, and, when allowed, the claim
which lias been prospectively settled will stand on
precisely the same principle with regaid to the
allowance of interest as that which has been paid.
1 have before me a list of the cases, embracing
eight or nine States, in which this allowance of in-
teiest has been paid, i therefore appeal to my
fiiend (torn Alabama not to interpose an objection
i to the settlement of that portion of the claim which
; is still unsettled, and the payment of interest on it
| when it shall be settled by the officers of "the
United Slates; for, the hour having arrived for
proceeding to the consideration of the special order,
the Senator, if he proposes to enter into a discus-
sion on this subject, will take a course which for
the present will be tatal to the bill.
Mr. WALKER. 1 rise to call the attention of
the Senator irom New Hampsnire to this bill. It
seems to me that this case comes precisely within
the same category as New Hampshire, and that
therefore ms amendments will be appropriate to it.
Mr. HALE. 1 had just sent to the Clerk's
table for the bill to see if it coincided with the
Marine bill, and I see that it does not make the
distinction introduced into the Maine bill. This
bill proposes to pay inteiest on money refunded,
which was paid by the State of Georgia under
precisely similar circumstances as that advanced
by New Hampshire. It does not contain the dis-
tinction which the Senator fiom Maine says has
been involved in all these bills. I do not, how-
ever, interpose objections to the bi'l.
Mr. BERRIEN. There is no real difference.
Mr. HALE. I said theie was no difference,
and there is none in the case of New Hampshire.
I do not, however interpose objection to this bill.
Because New Hampshite cannot have justice, I
will not withhold it from Georgia, i hope if the
Senate pass this bill they will consent to one for
New Hampshire also.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported back to the benate, and the question
! stated to be onoideung the oil! to be engrossed
j for a third reading.
j ✓ Mr. BADGER. I desire to know whether
there is any example in the past action of the
I Government of the payment ot interest to States
I on advances paid out of the public Treasury?
j Whether there is any case in which interest has
j been paid where the State has not boriowed the
] money and paid interest ? Whether there jsany
i case m which the Goveinment dealt, on this suu-
ject, with the State as if the State was a money
! lender, takn g fiom a full tieasury and supplying
the United States for such purposes? 1 have not
looked into the subject, but 1 understand that theie
is no such case.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from Maine can
perhaps answer (he inquiries of- the Senator from
North Carolina. I hold in my harfd a list fur-
nished me by the Senator from Maine, of the
cases in which interest has been paid foi advances
made by different States on account of matters for
which the United States were responsible." it has
been paid to Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New-
York, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Alaba-
ma. As to the inquiries addressed by the Senator
from North Carolina, I will ask the Senator from
Maine, who has examined this subject, to an-
swer them.
Mr. BRADBURY. I examined this subject,
in reference to the principle involved in the claim
of the State of Maine. My impression now is
that the previous bills rest upon the principle that
where States had incurred expense in the perform-
ance of duties which propeily devolved upon the
General Government, the reimbursement of the
principal was followed by the reimbursement of
interest also. Tre ciaim of Georgia I supposed
to have come within the equity of the principle of
former acts of Congress. 1 am not aware that any
of them contemplate the payment of interest on
sums not already paid. That feature of the bill
alluded to by the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
King] had not attracted my attention, and I would
suggest to the Senator from Georgia .whether the
bill should not be amended in that respect.
Mr. BADGER. I wished to ascertain from the
Senator from Maine whether in any of these bills
interest had been paid by the United States to
States for advances made out of money in their
treasuries, where the State has lost no interest by
the application of the fund producing it, and paid
no interest by borrowing money to make the ie-
quisite advances? Whether the United States
have dealt, under such circumstances, on the prin-
ciple that the money lying in then' Treasury is to
be considered as a fund producing interest ? 1 have
never examined the subject my^lf, but I under-
stand that interest has only been paid wheie inter-
est has been previously paid by the State, or where
| interest had been previously lost.
Mr. HALE. I wiil now move my amendment
as an additional section to the bill, as it involves
precisely the same principle.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the bill was then laid
on the table, the hour having arrived for the con-
sideration of the special order.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the oider of the day, being the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union, to
establish Territorial Governments for Utah and
New Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for
the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries
Mr. SMITH, who was entitled to the floor from
Satuiday last, proceeded to address the Senate, and
spoke the lestdue of the day's session.
Mr. BUTLER next obtained the floor, but
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-morrow.
And then the Senate adjourned.-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 9, 1850.
The Journal of yesteiday svas read and approved.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose and said,
he desired to call the attention ot me House to ihe
fact, that it was six weeks or two months since
; the business on the Speaker's table had been dis-
1 posed of, consisting ot messages of the Pre.-ident
I and bills from the Senate, (many of them of the
( highest importance.j Tie asked tna , by the unan-
j imous consent of the Hons**, the business on the
j Speaker's table might be taken up and disposed of
at this time. Nothing could be more just or proper;
lor, really, some of the matteis weie of much im-
portance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Aikan-
sas [Mr. Johnson] asks thatt'ie House, by unan-
imous consent, proceed to the cjiuideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
Mr. JOHNSON, i hope that the objection will
not be persisted in. Tnere are very -important
bills on the table, and the session is far advanced.
The objection was persisted in.
So the motion was not entertained.
