1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
HEALTH OF THE CITY..
Mr. TENABLE again asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the resolution rela-
ting to the health of the city, which he had ineffect-
ually attempted to introduce yesterday.
The resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved, That tUe Commutes on the Distiict of Co'um-
feia be instructed to inquire whether the pieseui condition
of the crinall m this city doe* not endauger the health ol the
city j and if *o, 10 ascertain and recommend the best means
for preventing the evil.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. VENABLE said a woid or two relating to
the mjutious eiiect which the condition of the
canal must have on the health of the city; and ex-
preyed the hope that no gentleman would object
to the introduction of the resolution.
No objection was made.
The resolution was received, and, without de-
bate, was adopted.
Mr. WENT WORTII called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. GOTT rose, he said, to a privileged mo-
tion. hie *aw that his name was not recorded
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stjbvensj to lay the whole subject (of
the Uaipmn ciann) on the table. He (Air. U.) i
haJ voted in the negative. |
Coirection oidered. j
Mr. IilSLEV stated, that he was incorrectly ]
recorded as having voted m the affiunative on Air. j
Burt's motion to lay on the table tne motion to 1
leeonsidti. lie (Mr. R.) had voted in the affirm- :
alive.
Mr. JACKSON, of New York, stated that he
had voted in the affirmative on the same motion.
Name not recorded. i
Corrections oidered.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
between Mr. WENTwoRTHand the Speaker.
ENGRAVING.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on En-
graving, reported the following resolutions, which
were read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be, and they
are hereby, authouzed to contract tor the engraving or litho-
graphing of the plates accompanying the second part ot tlie
leportol the Commissioner ot Patents: Provided, That the
co*t ot the same does not exceed the rate of $50 per thou-
sand sets.
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be authouzed
to contract (or engraving m hihogiapiling the maps and
plates accompanying the Geological report ot Messrs. Fos-
ter and Wbiun-y: Fiovided, 'Ine cost bhall not exceed
the sum of c?l>6 0.
Reiofred, Tmit the Committee on Engraving be authorized
to contract lor the engraving or htuograplnng the map ac-
companying the leport of tlie Secietajy ol War, upon the
route trom San Antonio tie Bevai to El Paso d *l Norte:
Provided, The cod shah not exceed the sum of ^-35'J.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
between Mr. Jones and the Speaker.
When, the Speaker having decided that the re-
port, if objected to, could not be received pending
a special otder  
Mr. JONES objected.
So the report was not entertained.
Some further conversation followed on a point
of order betv/een Mr. McClernand and the
Speaker, but it was impossible to hear anything
of it on the left of the Chair.
THE GALPIIIN CLAIM.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day, being the report of the select committee
on the subject of the Galphin claim.
The question pending at the time of the ad-
journment, yesterday, was on the demand of
Mr. Featherston for the previous question on
the motion of Mr. Burn to reconsider the vote by
which the third resolution of the committee had
been adopted.
And the question, "Will the House second the
demand for the previous question'" w#s taken, and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 92, noes not
counted.
So there was a second.
And the mam question (being on the motion of
Mt. Bfrt to reconsider the vote by which the
i-irmae had adopted the third resolution of the
committee) was ordered to be now/ taken.
Mr. BURT asked the yeys and nays on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr, BRECK gave notice, that if the motion to
reconsider should prevail, he would ofier an
amendment to the lesoiution, which he desired
might be read for the information of the j&Quse.
Mr. RICHARDSON objected to the reading.
The SPEAKER said that the question on the
reading would men i<e put to the iiouse.
And the question huvmg been taken and decided
in the affirmativa^the amendment was read for in-
formation, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the amendment submitted by
the gentleman ..from Mississippi, and diJ oilier pioposed
amendments touching tin: conduct ol the Monoiabli George
W. Crawlord, in reiereuce to Uie eldiin or the representa-
tives ot George G.Upuin, be referred to a -.elect coinnmtee
of } wiih instructions to prepare and report to tins
House a code ot oihual morality and propriety, embracing
not only heada. of department:*, but menrner.- oi O'ongte >,
and providing that they s>halt not be engaged m the pio&ecu-
tion ot claims against the Govennnent, in waieh they are
mteiested, oi toi attending to which they are to receive ie< •«
or compensation, either in Congiefo or any ot the depart
nients ot the Government; and al-o embiacn.g any other
officers, whose olhual conduct n may be deemed exp-dient
S to leguutte by law And mat said coinuittu e luri.it-r in-
quire and report whether tneie are. any umi&p-j in regatd to
lite per diem or mileage, or [ranking pnviiegi'S of nu mhois
oi Congie=>s, which lequiieeoireetion: Pr^vuied/l^nn u ih-
u,g herein contained Mi.ill be con--tj ned to ut.pl) that in tiie
opinion oi tins House, thi to t>- any tning in the evid. nee te-
foiud hv the committee winch impu«n> tue pv.ison«l oi
oilii_i.il mtf grity of said CraWiOid, in it iation to the seule-
meiit Oi the said claim ol tiie reptefcentaavcis ol G.'Oige
G iipriiu.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
be informed whether the numoer ot the committee
was named? He proposed that it should consist
of ooe member, and mat one, (Mr. T. was undei-
stood to add,) should be the raemoer trom Ken-
tucky, [Mr. t)reck-J
Mr. WiLMOL' stated that he had modified the
substitute which ne had yesterday given notice of
nis intention to olfer, and he asked that, as modi-
fied, it might be again lead.
Mr. CLiNGMAN submitted to the Chair, as a
point of order, that, after the pievious question had
been ordered, it was not in oiuer, except by unan-
imous consent, to read any propositions not im-
mediately connected with the question before the
House. What propriety could there be in detain-
ing the House with the reading of propositions
that had no connection with the pending question,
and which could not even be debated t He sub-
mitted that unanimous consent was required, to
enable such propositions to be lead. And he ob-
jected.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the point of order
raised by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] the Chair will refer the gentle-
man to that rule of the House which provides,
that if objection is made to the reading of a proposi-
tion, the question shall be submitted 10 the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. i submit to the Chair, that
that rule applies only to cases where the proposi-
tion for winch the reading may be called is before
the House, if, for example, a resolution has
been read, and I desire that it may be lead a sec-
ond time, the question, if objection js made, is to
be put to the House, and the majuiity may decide.
But it clearly cannot 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Does the gen-
tleman from North Carolina appeal fiom the uecis-
lon of the Chair ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do.
Mr. HUBBARD rose to inquire of the Chair,
whether a morion to lay the whole subject on the
table would now be in order?
The SPEAKER t-aid, it would not be in order.
An appeal was pending trom the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER then stated the point of oider,
and said, under the rule, the Chair has decided
that if objection is made to the reading of a propo-
sition, the question must be submitted to the deter-
mination of the House. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] raises the point
of order that the rule only applies to such propo-
sitions as are properly before the House, and not
! to cases of this kind. Fioru this decision thegen-
! tieman fro«a Noith Carolina appeals; and theques-
; tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
| the judgment of the House?"
| Mi. GMNGMAN, (to the Speaker.) Is the
| question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. It is
merely an incidental question, aiioing since the
j/revious question was moved.
, Mr, BURT desued, he said, to know the pre-
cise state of facts. He understood that the amend-
ment of the gentleman trom Pennsylvania [Mr.
j Wilmot] was not now m order, and could notnow
■ be before the Houae.
The SPEAKER said, that was the presentstate
of the case.
Mr. VAN DYKE asked that the rule iffion
which the Speaker had made his decision might
be read.
The Clerk read the rule, (No. 57,) which de-
clares that, " when the reading of a proposition is
called for, and the same is objected to by any
member, it shall be determined by a vote of the
House."
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
siana as the judgment.of the House?1' was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by the
j House.
j The question was then stated to be, " Shall the
| said proposi'imi he read?" and, being taken, was
jj decided m the uffirmat've.
So the proposition of Mr. Wilmot, as modi-
V jd, was read, as follows:
Resolved, That this House condemns n<; highly crn«ura-
'e and nnpjoper, the conduct ot Ueorge \V. Ctawiord,
secretary ol War, m prosecuting as ag! m, heiore one ol the
'.epartnn-ntft. of the Government, the elatm ot the j':-ir- of
{Jeorge Galphin. ari.-ing under the treaty of 177J with the
Jieek and Cherokee Indians, and in v inch said Crawfoid
■vas largf- ly in it rested; and that the etfoi i to shield him-< if
fiOtn ju-st responsibility by the publication of aconver^anou,
which he says he Invd with the Piesidont,adds to the mdefi-
eacy and impropriety ot his conduct; that this Hou-e dis-
cnt- trom (he opinion of the Attorney G< neial, allowing
mteiest on said cl.um, and thai the payment thereof was
unauthorized by tiie act of 14th August, l£4b.
I Air. HUBBARD. Is it now in order to move
to lay the whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER refilled m the affirmative.
Mr. HUBBARD. Will u be m oider to move
to postpone it to a day certain?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone is not
in order, pending ihe demand for the previous
question.
Mr. HUBBARD said, he would move, then, to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table—not with
the view to get rid of the question, but in order to
postpone its further consideration for the present.
Mr. SACKETT inquired what the effect of that
motion would be.
The SPEAKER. To dispose of the whole
subject, and put an end to it
Mr. FOWLER inquired if the motion to lay on
the table had not aheady been made and disagreed
to ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it had been made,
but the motion to reconsider had been withdrawn,
and the present motion was a new motion.
Mr. HUBBARD said his object was to post-
pone this whole subject during the illness of the
Piesident, whose feelings might be involved in res-
olutions hereafter to be offered, and hoped that
evety right-feeling: man would sustain him m the
postponement. He had no desire to avoid any
responsibility arising from the votes, but would
vote against any further discussion of the measure
at the piesent tune.
The question being on the motion to lay on the
table—
Mr. GOTT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUBBARD, repeating that he did rot de-
sire to avoid any responsibility, and saying that he
understood that the motion to lay on the table
would dispose of the whole subject, withdrew the
motion.
Mr. TUCK renewed it.
Mr. GOTT renewed the demand for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES raised the point of order, wheth-
er the motion to lay on the table was now in
order. A motion had yesterday been made to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution had been
! agreed to, and a motion made to lay that motion
on the table was negatived. After that, the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] who
made the motion to reconsider, had withdrawn
that motion: he, (Mr. J.,) upon reflection, thought
it doubtful whether the gentleman had that right
or not. But, however that might be, the motion
had been withdrawn by the gentleman from South
Carolina, and rene~wed by the gentleman from
Mississippi, arid no action whatever had been had
upon the subject since the motion to lay on the
table was taken yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must hold that
this is a distinct and new motion. The Chair
differs with the gentleman from Tennessee, and
thinks the gentleman from South Carolina had the
