2tf4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
required territory is to be disposed of; and, sir, I
drew that bill ^fith reference to liberality of action
upon the Question, so far as foreigners and .emi-
grants were concerned, in order that both the
foreigner and the emigrant should be put upon an
equal footing: with citizens of the United States.
And when the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] brought forwaid a resolution substan-
tially the same? and containing a simitar provision,
I rejoiced to see it, because it was in all respects a
confirmation by him of the correctness of the
principle involved; and it-showed that when he had
his attention called to the subject, and had given to
it the sanction of his powerful intellect and his
powerful name, those wishing to become actual
settlers might hope that something was going to
be done for them.
And when the distinguished Senator from Texas
comes forward in the same way, and makes a
similar proposition, it still further increases the
hope; and if the honorable Senator fiom New
York^had only embraced the same principle in his
resolution, I should have rejoiced still more m the
hope of the passage of a bill to accomplish the
object proposed.
But, Mr. President, I deeply regret that this is
not the case in regard to the resolution proposed
by the Senator from New Yoik; 1 deeply regret
that, while he proposes to provide for the foreigner
who may emigrate to this country, he leaves the
native born American unprovided for. He thus
proposes, Mr. President, to elevate the foreigner
over the native-, he proposes Lo give a "bid" to
the foreigner over the native American; for when
the foreigner goes to any State where these public
lands lie and lakes his land, he is to have it fiee
from ail charge, wheieas the native American (let
him be ever so poor, ever so needy) who siis
down beside him, must pay for his land a 3um
which must go into the public treasury. I regret,
sir, to see this unjust and odious distinction drawn
between the native born American and the for-
eigner coming to this country. I wish to see
every foreigner, who conies to make his home
with us, welcomed in our midst, find put upon an
equality with our own citizens; I wish to see him
received with open arms, with generosity, with
hospitality. This is what I propose m my bill;
this is what the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] proposed in his resolution; this is
what was proposed in the reso]utionoff<red by the
gentleman from Texas; and I was in hopes that
this principle of placing the emigrant and the na-
tive born American upon an equal platform, and
thus encouraging the settlement of the new States,
by giving the public lands to the actual settlers
free of charge, while those who were non-iesidents
should pay the usual price for lands fixed by the
Government of the United Stares, would become
the settled policy of the country.
1 hope, as this subject is before the Committee
on Public Lands, and as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wkbster] proposes the discussion
of his resolution on hm early day, that the discus-
sion of the subject may go on upon the resolutions
proposed by the Senator fionr Massachusetts and
the Senator from Texas, while the Committee on
Public Lnnds are considering the bill which is
now before them.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say but a word on this
subject, i am gi.td to witness these preparatory
discussions. They bring up a great principle—a
principle to which I am highly favoiuble. Much
of what the honorable Senator from Illinois has
said, indeed almost all of it, meets my hearty con-
cuirence. 1 believe it would be better for the
country that those who cultivate the lands should
be those who hold them. I believe that the time
has come, and that this country is now in a situa-
tion, when it is best to hold out this encouragement,
and that is what f call the 44 age of progress/' in
reply to the honorable Senator fiom Kentucky,
When I saw him come heie in 1806, in the meri-
dian of his life, f d'd not dream that this age of
progress would come; but I hope it has come now;
I hope the time has arrived in which the public
domain will be held foi the benefit of those who |
wtl! become actual settlers. j
However, what I was goin? to say is this: I ;
was never so struck with the value of'character as
L^ave ^'een with the introduction of tins measure. !
Sam Patch said " some things could he done as :
"weil as others," and 1 suppose it is so; but it can- j
not be done by everybody. The honorable Sen- I
ator from Massachusetts has introduced a resolu-
tion*, the general principles of which meet my
views, although 1 do not mean by this to commit
myself to the bill. But, if 1 had done in my place
what that gentleman has done, I should have been
tailed, in all the Whig papers throughout the coun-
try, the greatest of demagogues from Maine to
Texas, [laughter,] and there is not a man on this
floor or in those galleries who will deny this fact;
yet I will venture to say there is not one Whig
paper will denounce the Senator from Massachu-
setts for his measure.
Mr. BADGER. I have a very sincere admi-
ration for the enlightenment, benevolence, and hu-
manity of the present age, and I assure gentle-
men that I do not rise "with the intention of saying
one word to abate the ardor with which the claims
of humanity and hospitality are urged upon us;
but, being a*somewhat plain matter-of-fact man, 1
wish to call the attention of those gentlemen who
move these resolution^") give away all the public
domain belonging to tins country, to this inquiry :
whether, when we contracted the debts which
were contracted during the late war with Mexico,
and m connection with it, we did not pledge the
public lands of the country, or rather the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, as security for the
reimbursement of those loans? And if we did, 1
would ask how far it is consistent with old-fash-
ioned honesty—however agreeable it may be with
the higher claims of hospitality and humanity to
emigrants, or with the generous disposition to rid
our own citizens of the dreadful calamity so elo-
quently urged and dwelt upon by the honorable
Senator fiom Texas [Mr. Houston] of being
obliged to work for their daily bread, and to
obtain it, as it is declared man shall obtain it,i>y
the "sweat of his brow"—I would ask how far
it is consistent with the claims of old-fashioned
honesty, that, after having obtained a loan, after
having pledged the public lands as security for
the repayment of that loan, we should then turn
round and give those lands away without receiv-
ing any compensation ; in other words, that we
should dispose of the funds which we have
pledged to the public creditor, without obtaining
anything as a substitute for it that shall be ap-
plied to the satisfaction of the debt thus created ?
I hope, sir, that at least this is not a part of the
spirit of progress to which allusion has been
made—that we are first to pledge our public do-
main to reimburse a debt, and then to give away
by our action, without the consent of the creditor,
the very lands which we have alieady pledged.
I merely throw out these suggestions for the
consideration of gentlemen who have made these
propositions, and the committee who take charge
of this subject. 1 shtill be perfectly ready to do
anything that is propei -upon the scoie of human-
ity and hospitality, and to be very generous m the
disposition of those lands; but, according to the
notions which I nave always been in the habit of
entertaining, we ought to attend to the claims of
justice and honesty first, and 1 do think we have
no nght to give away the public lands until we
have paid the debt for which they are pledged.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I legrct very
much the tone of the honorable Senator fiom Illi-
nois, and that he has thought pioper, upon the
piesent occasion, to raise the question of the com-
parative merits between native born and foieign
citizens* If the question, however, must be raised,
I am free to admit that, to the extent which is im-
plied m the resolution which 1 have submitted, I
give the preference to the foreigner and the emi-
grant, and it is to this extent: The man who is
expelled by oppression and tyranny from his own
land, and in consequence of his efforts to establish
its nationality and independence, 1 give him my
sympathy, my admiration, my respect. Thus far
I give the preference to him whose liberties have
been cloven down, who has been deprived of his
home, and has sought this land of liberty as an
asylum. Further than this, Mi. President, 1 will
not go; and if the Senator from Illinois infers that
I have sympathies for men in other lands as men
m preference to my own countrymen, he does me
an injustice, which in due time, when his propo-
sition comes before the Senate, he will have an 1
opportunity to conect.
I, sir, have never been, 1 am not now, I do not I
know what 1 may be, but 1 do not think that I j
ever shall be, in favor of making the revenue aiis- ;
ingfrom the sale of the public lands a source of]
revenue for the ordinary expenditures in the oper-
ations of the Government. T have always main-
tained, and 1 think I always shall maintain it, that
it is a great fund, the common property of the
whole people of the United States, properly to be
applied to objects of great national improvement
and advancement; and m this case a proper fund
for national chanty to those whose sufferings com-
mend them to our sympathies. But, sir, J have
never intimated, 1 do not now s«y, that 1 have the
slightest qbjection to the principle insisted on by
my respectcd friend from Illinois, or to the princi-
ple of his proposition, since it is understood to be
the same as those of the distinguished Senators
from Massachusetts and Texas. When these
propositions come before the house,they shall have
my cordial support. 1 only say this, thauheduty
of making an expression of-opinion in regard to
the snuggle for libeity in Europe was the subject
-that was under consideration when my proposition
was submitted; and I intend to go to that length
and no further,and to that extent I shall insist that
it ought to be made. But it is not wise, m my
judgment, to connect it with the other propositions,
which will also receive my support; so that the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
or whoever may be entitled to the paternity of it,
i shall not be hindered or embarrassed by the prop-
osition which I have had the honor to submit, nor
shall my resolution be embarrassed by the others
which they have submitted.
i hope 1 am now understood on the subject. I
owe it to the Senator from Illinois, whom 1 claim
as a friend also, to say to him, under the peculiar
circumstances which have happened here, but not
to any other person or for any other person, that
J had no knowledge when 1 introduced my resolu-
tion of the nature of the bill which he had pre-
viously introduced to the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I have listened to this discus-
sion, and have tried to ascertain the course towards*
which gentlemen are steei irig. The Senator upon
my right [Mr. Seward] says he considers the pub-
lic domain of this country as intended to create a
national charity fund, that should not go into the
common revenue of the country for the benefit of
the people at large, but must be disposed of for
charitable purposes; and that the first object which
is presented to the American people—aye, to the
whole world 
Mr. SEWARD. I said a great national fund
for the purpose of national improvement, and
among other purposes, for charity to those whose
sufferings commend them to our sympathies.
Mr. DAWSON. I have not misunderstood or
misrepresented the honorable Senator; that this
fund which belongs to this Government is to be
disposed of for great purposes disconnected with
iht administration of the General Government—
foi purposes of charity and other things of a like
kind—in other words, holding out a premium to
all the patriots of foieign lands to come to this
" land of the oppressed." Why, sir, does he not
peiccive at once that the glorious struggle for lib-
erty which is going on in the older countries will
cease, and cease by the buying off every patiiot
there who might attempt to revolutionize his Gov-
ernment, and offering him an inducement to settle
down here? Why, sir, we will empty all Europe
here; every patriot belonging to those nations will
be collected here in our midst; and why? Merely
to receive the lewards which we offer them by
thus constituting our public domain into a great
national charity fund. Sir, there are principles
deeper than those things which we see. Who
are these gentlemen who are planning all these
various modes of appropriating the puuho lands ?
Are they those who are friendly to a strict and
economical administiation of this Government?
Are they those who are favorable to a v.ell-regu-
lated tariff? Or are they those, Mr. President,
who destie to create a large national debt, and who
seek, thiough the importations of the countiy, to
1 raise a revenue to carry on the General Govern-
• merit, and expend our public domain in national
i charities to foreignets? Sir, 1 have asked myself
this question—whose blood was spilt m obtaining
these public lands? Whose money went in pay-
ment for the title to them? Who paid the fifteen
millions of dollars for the acquisition of the Ter-
ritories of Texas, New Mexico, and California?
; Who paid the soldiery? Was it these foreigners
j who are invited to come to this land to take the
i proceeds of our blood and our treasure? It is an
