1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
righi to withdraw the motion to reconsider: the rule
provides that a motion may be withdrawn at any
time before amendment or decision of the House
upon it. The motion to lay on the table the mo-
tion to reconsider is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 74, nays 112 ; as follow:
YEA:5 Messis. Allen, Alston, Bncock, ftnkee, Booth,
Bowie, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Buirows, Burt, Thomas
B. Butler, E U. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Cii'.giuan3, Williamson R W. Cobb, Cole, Conrad, Corwin,
Ciowell, De berry. Duncan, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Gentry,
Giddina>, Gott, Gould, Hall, Ha aJ.-on, Sampan W. Harris,
H«*nr> ~Hu!lnd iv, Houston, Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son Wilb.im T Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Keir, Dame) P. King, George G. King. James G.
Km/, Joihi A. King, Horace Mann, Maishyll, Ma-on, Me-
Do v',ll, McG-tnahej, MeQuei n, Mead*-, Moiehmd, Mor-
ton, Owen, Parker, Putnam, R>ed, Rtsley, Schertneihorn,
S ".Uion, Sh« ppeid, Surdy, Alexander M. stephens Jacob
Thomp-on, Thurtnan, Toombs, Tuck, Underiinl. Vint n,
Well'iorn, Williams, Win-hop, and Woudwanl—74.
NAY>* —M-s-rs. Ali>ert-on, Ale.xandei, Andrew-, Ashe,
Aveieit. Bay, Ba\ly, Bennett, Bingham, Bi-m-.II, Bnwiin,
Bo\d, B«*< ek, Brook.-, William J Blown, Cl;<-ter
Buile'r, Joai pit Cable, Calvm, Campbell. Caruor, Chandler,
Curk«-.Cl*velan«1, Conger. Daniel, D.ekej, Dnnmiek, Dixon,
Dor>, Duer. Dunham, Duik<-e, hdmundson, Feathers-ton,
Fuel), Fowler, Fierolej, Gilmorc, Gorman, liallouay, j
Himilton, Hammond, EJnmpton, Hailan, jrham G. lJairis, ;
T.'.oma* L. Hams, Ha>, liibn.itd, Howard, Howe, Hunhaid, i
Andrt \v Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kauhnau, Preston King, J
La ^'6rp, I.LiitiefLbl. Jt b M inn, Mait'-«on, AicUi. i - i
nand, McDonald, McLanaban, McMullen, MeWilIm, Mil- }
ler, Moore, Monih, ftlotse N< Ison, Ni w« II, Ogle, Obis. o r, i
PrU-b''* p.-t k, P.iclp-, Prnmn, Point, Kevnolu-, Richard- i
son, Robbing Robm-on, Ro{ kweil, Roota Kos , Ro.-s, num- !
sey keit, Savage, Bawtdle, Sehenek, Sciiooicr.it'. Sil- •
vt gier, Sprague, Fredenck P. >tantori, Rfciiard tl. Sunton,
Stet-on, Shomc. Sweeper, J un<'.- 'J hump-on, Van Dyke,
Walderi, Wald Wallace. VVentuortii, Wi.dnck, Wiimot,
Wo'4, andYouug—112.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
motion to reconsider—
The question on the motion to rcconsider was
then taken, and decided m the affirmative—yeas
115, nay* 73; as follow:
YEAS—Al"-s« Albf-H-on, Alexander, Andrew*, Ashe,
Ba\. B..j I v, Bennett, IJingham, Bi.-sh'II, Bowie, Bowun,
Breck, Biook-, W- J Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Bui-
b r, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler. Cl-uk-,
Coiiii' r, Corwm. Darnel, Dickey, Dnmnick, Diaoh, T) ay
Duer, Dunham, Durkee, Eimuml-on, Kea]her-tnu. F.icn,
Fowler, Fn-edley, Gtlmore, G >rman, GiinneJI, ll.illoway,
Tfanuiu'n, linmptou, ll iflau, J-ham G. Huri.-, Thomas L.
Harris*, Hav, liehard, Henry, Hihbard, Hilli.nd, Holmes,
Howe, Ihn'iter. Andrew Jolnij-on, James ii.Jofnison, Jones,
Julian, Kaufman, Kerr, Daniel P. King, Pulton Kmg, La
S^re Job i\I:inri, Mar-hall, Matteson, Mr(^lerriand, Mc-
Donald, McLuuahan, M- Mullen, McWiHie, Moore.,Monw,
Nelson, Newell, Oile, Olds, Outl iw. Pea-let-, Peek, Plielp.s,
Pitnnin Potter, Putnam, Reed, R'\\ nolds, Robbms, Robm-
?on, Rock well,ROnt, R".-e, Ross. Rum-ey, Sackett. Savage,
Siwtelle, Sehmtek, Sch< rmeriiorn, Sebooleraff, Silvester,
Spauklin^, Spiagin-, R- H. Siainon, Tnadduw Stevens,
St. tson, Strong, Umleilnll, Van Dyke, Waldo, Wallace,
Wentworth, Wildrick, Wilniot, WnHhiop, and Young—
115.
NAYS—Messrs. AJl^n, Alston, Averett, Bncock, Bokee,
Booth, Bovdf Bri<rg-, Burt,T. B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, d-A
Caldwell,"J. P. Caldwell, Caitter, Ctiugman, -W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcoek, Cole, Conrad, Ciowed, Deberry, Duncan,
JSwme, Gentry, Girtdirgs, Gott, Gould, Hall, Hammond,
Haralson, S. W. Harris, Ilaymond, Holhiday, Hou-ton,
Hubuard, Inge, J. W. Jack-on, W. T. Jackson, G-oigr G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Lt-iii-r, Luiltfi^id,
Horace Mann, Mason. McDowell, Mr-dueen, Meade, Mill-
son, Morehead, Moiso, Motion, On, Owen. Park r, Ruh-
arclson, Ridley, H dd.m, Sheppeid, Stanly, F. P. fwnton,
A. H. Stephens, Sweet^er, Jacob Thompson, .larm-s Thomp-
son, Thurman, Toomb>, Tuck Vmt.n, Wellborn, Wil-
liams, Wood, and Woudward—73
So the vote by which the third resolution of the
select committee had been adopted, was recon-
sidered.
And the said resolution being again before the
House, and the question recurring on the adoption
thereof in the words following, to wit: -
3d ResohcJ, That the act afo>esaid did not amhoiize the
SecrHary of the Trea>u y to pay >nlert>i on -aid claim, and
it* payment was notin eonlormity with law ;5 or'-pieee-
dent"
Mr. FEATHERSTON obtained the floor.
Mr. OLOS rose and inquired, wui the lionora-
ble gentienian froia Mississippi [iVl r. Peathkr-
stok'1 give way for me to submit a motion ?
i\)r."FEATHERSTON. I w ll with pleasure.
Mr*. OLDS. Mi. Sneaker, for reasons of deli-
cacy, which wdl readily be understood by every
crijitieman upon this floor who has heard the re-
ports from 'the other end of this avenue, i move to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
unni Mondav next.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
The yeas and nays on the motion were asked
and ordered.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
Featherston and the Speaker, as to the right to
the floor.
The question was-taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 54, nays 135; as follow:
YEAS—M'.sers. Bingham, Boeoek, Boyd, Breck, E.
C. C'abeil, George AhreU Caldwell, Dunham, Nathan
Evans, Ewmg, Featheratoiij Hali, liarmlton, Hammond,
isham G. Harris., Sampson W. Han is, Hibbard, Hou>ton,
Howard, Hubbaid, inge, James L. Johnson, Kolieit W.
Johnson, ivaufmaii, Proton Linig, La Sere, Littletield,
Mason* McClemand, McDiiiaki, McDowell, M'Lananan,
McMullen, McQ.ueen, MeVVillie, Morse, Old.-, Orr, Feck,
Pottei, Powell, ivichaiu&on, Rubbmo, Sav.j e, SeUdon,
Tuaddeus Stevens, dvveelfc 'i, Jacob Tnotnp>on, VVrtlden,
Waldo, Wailact, Weliboin, Wiihanis, Wood, and Wotjd-
Wctrd—-51.
NAYS—Messrs. Albeit>ot', Alexander, Alien, Alston,An-
drews, A-ht. /ivuelt, i>av, Bfum BisncII, Bokee, B ioth,
i .wie, bov\ini> Bugii.-, Btouk.-, Wiliivim J. Brown, Hu  I,
Biii-iiiws, CliesUr Biiti- r, T. B. Builer, J. i;. Caidw* ii, J.
Cnbru, Laiv hi, CUiiipbeh, Cat tt -r, Cnainilet, Cl'u Ke, Clt v« -
bind. C!in«iiMii, v\ jil.am>on R- v\'. Cobb, Colctjck. C ile.
C'/iig, i. Conr.td, Cm win, Oio«v <*li, Daniul, LK ucn v, Dickej,
Hniimn k, Ht\on, D013, Dut.r, Dutic.m, Dm kue, Edamnu
soil, Fitcii, Fowlei, Fie.etluy, Genirv, Giddmgs, Gilmoir,
Gonna.1, Calotr, Gould, Gnnnell, HalJow.iy, Hampton,
iiatal>on, iiar,an, Ti.Ou.a- L. 11 ai ns, Hay, Havmond, fieb-
aid, ili'ftry, H.iliaid, Holiaday liol ne-, liowe^ Hunter,
Jo.-epci W. Jacksoii, Wiilhun 'i .Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Join v-, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. Kn.g, George G. King. Jame.-
G. King. John A Kin^, J-.1 Horace Mann, Job Mann,
M ir&isaic, MdUe-on, Mv-G.i yin-y, MiKi-&ock, Milium,
Mooie, Mum-, M-nton, Ntlsnn, Ai-w. ii, OJe, Outlaw,
Ov\'e11, Purkei, P<ashn, llieljis, Piiman, Putnam Retd,
il< >, uoius, iUsle , Robinson, koc^ueil. Roo\. Ro-e, Ro ss,
Rum.-ey fcackeu, oawtelle, SenenCK, Scln-unerh in,
tochooic alt, Sneppeid, S.iVesiet, Sprague, Stanl}, iMed-
(-rsek P. St.uuoii, idcoaid U. Smnti'ii, fctet-on, Tbunnan,
Touiub-, Tu^k, Unueibili, Van D,ke, Venable, Viuion,
Wentwoith, Wndrick, VY'ihiiut, WniUirop, aud Young-—
i'Jo.
So the House refused to postpone.
The question recurred upon xhe motion to re-
considei. j
Mr. FKATHER810N. In moving the rccon- j
Sideiatioii of tne vote by which the tiiuU and IctsL j
resolution was parsed on ye teidciy, 1 do not pro- t
pose enienii^ again into the discussion of ti-is I
question, fot 1 cim sati.vhcd that the House has be- I
ooute tued of u. lViy onjeci Jn niukm^ the motion |
is to offer an amendment to tins la&t lesolution—un j
auietidmem whicn i think perfectly germane, and 1
to winch i do not believe objection wnl ue offered,
it emraces propot>itionb upon which the House
have already voted; propositions which have been
adopted by the House. And 1 wish to say for
myself that 1 consider it just asjiecessary that one
of these propositions should be adopted as that the
other should be; and that I will not vote for one
without the other. If the House shall adopt one
and refuse to adopt the other, 1 shall be willing at
any time to take up that which may not have been
adopted, that equal justice may be done to the par-
ties interested and involved m this transaction.
1 send to the Chair the amendment which I
offer, and i demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES appealed to the gentleman from
Mississippi to withdraw the demand for the pie-
vious question, to allow an amendment to be lead
which He desired to offer.
Mr. CONRAD also expressed the hope that the
gentleman from Mississippi would withdraw the
demand for the pievious question, as he wished
to offer an amendment.
The amendment; of Mr. Featiierston was
read, as follows:
« And that the House does not approve of the conduct of
the Secretary of War. in continuing to be inteicsted m the
prosecution of it when if was to be examined, adjusted and
naid bv one of the departments ol the Government, he him-
self bem" at the same time at the head ot another ot those
departments, but tho Uotue considers that such connection
and interest of a member ol the Cabinet with a chum pend-
ing and pros-euilcd before another depaitment, would be
nnpioper. dangeious as a precedent, ami ought none b>
sanctioned And eon equf-nily tin- Hoa-e ubo di--enW
fr-un the opinnm uisieli liie Sec retarv ol War ha-> s-aid the
Ptefcident ol the United Suites e*pre«-.ed to him, viz:
< (bat hi.-- (the vud Cmw loid) being r)t ihr he,«l of the W«r
' Department, and the agent ot the claimant-, did nor take
< irorn him any iiirhts he may h ive had as su'-h agent, or
'would Il.tve jusnfled hill! ni huvu.g the examination and
( docu-ion ol tue c aim* hv tl.e Secietary o! the Trj-,a?u.v
* sn?pended;' and that tin- Hou-e decidedly di>appiov« of,
and' dHsent? Irotn, the opinion given bv the Attorney Gen-
eral in favor ot an all'twai.c e oi interest on >ani claim, and
(>om the action of the Secretary ol the Trea.-my in pay-
ment of the vault'."
i Mr, HOLMES rose to a question of order.
Mr'. FEATHERSTON" ?a<d, he had not yet
1 yielded the floor; he would, however, yield to the
: gentleman from South Carolina, to enable him to
• state his point of order.
! The SPEAKER said, that the previous ques-
tion having been moved, no gentleman was entitled
to the floor for purposes of debate: the gentleman
from South Carolina was in order m stating his
point of order.
Mr. HOLMES. My point of order is this: the
gentleman's amendment embraces a series of res-
olutions which involve a censure upon the Pres-
ident of the United States; my point of order is
this: the President of the drifted States was not
on trial; he had not, therefore, had the opportunity
of calling our anything like testimony in his own
defence; I ask this House, therefore, as a question
of order, whether it is right-
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and asked, whetl r the gentleman could argue the
; merits of the case in slating a point of order?
I Mr. HiDrBARD. 1 *raise the point that the
! gentleman is not stating a point of order
i Mr. HOLMES. My question of order is, that
! the committee was raised to investigate the con*
j duct of Mr. Crawford by the request of Mr. Craw-
ford; they were not, therefore, auihonz< d by any
authority conferred upon them by the House to
investigate the conduct of the President of the
United States; and it was out of order in the pro-
ceedings of the committee, in their reportand res-
olutions, 10 embrace the President, upon this prin-
ciple of common law, that no man can be judicially
condemned before he is rightfully placed upon his
Urn!.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could not enter-
tain the point made by the gentleman as a point of
ordf r—it was a question which must be decided by
the House.
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question—
Mr. JONKS appealed to the gentleman from
Mississippi to modify bis amendment by embra-
cing a proposition which he desired to offer.
Mr. DUER. i rise to a point of order. My
! point of order embraces something more than
■ the point made by the gentleman from South
1 Carolina; it ia my intention <o take an appeal if it
i should be overruled by the Chair. This House
is acting, as I understand, under the wnpeachmg
power vested in us by the Constitution; otherwise
we are acting vainly aud idly. At the request of
the Secretary of War, we 
Mr. FITCH, (interposing.) i want thegentle-
man's point of oider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is stating his
point of order.
Mr. DUER. 1 am stating my point of order.
It is, that we are acting under the impe§chiog pow- *
er; and the question is simply whether there is
that in the conduct of that officer which calls upon
us to exercise that high constitutional power; this
reference, therefore, to the action of the President,
is not germane to he subject-matter before the
House, and cannot be properly connected with it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to
know whether an appeal has been taken
Mr. HOLMES, i appeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is stating his point of order. -No decison
has been made from which an appeal could be
taken.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is the pointof orderdebatable?
Mr. DUER. I hope I may be permuted to
state my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will confine himself simply to stating his
point of order.
Mr. DUER. That is my intention. I say the
subject before the House is an examination into
the conduct of the Secretary of War, and has no
connection with (he President of the United States
or with the head of any department. I make two
points: First, that the amendment is not germane;
and second, as stated by the gentleman ftom
South Carolina, that u is not proper for the House
to examine into the conduct of any officer, and put
him upon trial where no notice has heen given,
and no opportunity is afforded for defence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for the reading
of the resolution under which the committee wa3
appointed
The SPEAKER. The pnint of order of the
gentleman from New York is substantial^ the
.-ame as that made by the gentleman from South
Carolina. The Chair rules that he cannot decide
i upon the question as a point of order. It is a
j matter for the decision of the House when they
j come to vole upon the resolution.
