1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9.
Mr. JDUER appealed from the decision.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the resolution
raising thus committee arid defining its jurisdiction
be road
Mr. WILLIAMS asked what was the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER replied that the only question
now before the House was on (he appeal.
Mr.'KAUFMAN moved.to Jay the appeal on
the table, and demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion. *
The SPEAKER. The resolution under which
the committee was raised will be reported.
Mr. ISRECK desired to inquire whether the
resolution which he had some time since proposed,
providing for the reference of this subject to a
committee was not the first question before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky has never been entertained
or submitted, and is not before the House. The
question to be decided is, " Shall the decision of
tiie Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. FEATUER3TON. Is the appeal de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not, the
previous qur-stmn having been moved. Therfso
lution, he added, will now be read to the House.
Mr. MORSE. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER, A point of order is now
pending. The resolution under which the com-
mittee was appointed was lead.
iVlr. MORSE moved that the House do now ad-
journ. Rejected.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
on the table—
The yeas nod nays were ordered.
Mr. oUER asked for the reading of the rale re-
lating to the relevancy of amendments.
Mr. FEATIIERSTON. Is the reading in or-
der'
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to object to
the reading ot a tule .under which the House is
acting. The lule will be read unless the gentle-
man objects.
No objection being made—
The 53di rule was read, in part, as follows:
<• N • m uioit or pro,-) >-ition on a Ri i>pvt riitierent from
that under omMihration, shall be aihnritetl under color of
a nrjidinnit."
And the question, " Shall the appeal be laid upon
the table?" was then taken and resulted—yeas
105, n.iys 82.
fc>j the appeal was laid upon the table.
ILLNESS OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DAYLY rose and said: Mr. Speaker, I un-
derstand that authentic information has reached
tins Oupito! that ihe condition of the President of
ihe United States is r-o critical that he will probably
not survive one hour. I therefore move that this
] louse adjourn.
Mr MORSE. I have put the motion in writing.
I <b^iie that it mav be read by the Clerk.
The motion ot Mr. Morse was read, as follows:
Wilfrid, win n an Ex f're-ufent of ihe United Slates,
t'n- I.it'- J iJin Ci iiiicv Ad-inn, \\ a- 1 j inir dan^eion-lv ill, this
il'iiw ,ii!j 'hi in d fiotn d iv lo day; and whfrea-, it i> r<p-
rc-i'uicd iii.it Zachakv Tayi.ou I'ir.'Hilent of the Unitul
St i- now U uiir (iaatrerouixiv HI; he il therefore
. Rs/li, (/, Tuar m-tcud oi discussing his conduct, tins
IJuii-h do now adjoin n.
Objection was made.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr Bayly that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays; which
were onleied.
And ihe question, " Will this House adjourn r"
was then laken.
Mr. St" IJ ENCK, when his name was called,
rose and ?aul, (amidst loud calls to order,) that he
wa-3 not willing to vote for an adjournment when
l h< re w as a i rsnhition pending con faming an u^gen-
et .>u* and unfounded imputation upon the Presi-
dent's rluracer. if it were true that he was
dyin?, the more reason for that beiny; withdrawn
ot disposed of while he yet lived. Sincere respect
find sympathy would be better shown by the other
Side by their doing that.
Mr. CARTTER, when his rame was called,
rose and >-aid, that, sympathizing in what must
be the genetul sentiment of the House and the
country upon the announcement made by the gen-
tleman fiom Vngtnia, [A£r. Bayly,] he (Mr. C.)
would vote aye.
The roll was called through, and was read over.
Some time was consumed m the changing of
votes from the negative to the affirmative.
When applications of this character appeared to
have ceased—
The SPEAKER said that, before the result was
announced, the names of gentlemen who had
voted in the negative would be again read over, so
that there might be no error in tiie record.
The names of the negatives were accordingly
read a second time.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas 176, nays 16; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albortson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Amhevv?, A-lie, Aveiett, Bay, Bayly, Bennett, Binyham,
Bnsell, Bocoek, Bokee, Booth, uowie, Bowlin, Boyd,
Breck, Brig"-, A. G. Brown, Burrows, Bart, Chester But-
ler, T. ti. Butler, E. C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, J. I*. Cald-
well, Calvin, Caiiier, Chandler, CI.uke, Cleveland, Cliny-
maii; W. LI. W. Oolib, Coicock, Coniad, Cor win, Cioweli,
Dauii-i, Dickey, Dwnnic'x, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,
Darke*, Edmund-on, Nathan Evan?, Kwiaif, l-Vaiheiston,
Fitch, Fowlei, Ficedley, Gentry, Ciuhlin"-;, Gilmore, Good-
enow, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grumeli, Hall, Ilatlovvay, Ham-
ilton, Hammond, 11 unpton, H ir.tl-on, Harlan, I. G. Hutu*,
S. VV. ilai 11-*, T. L. H.ii us, liav, Haymond, Uehard, H^nry,
Hibbard, flrlhanl. liolladav, Houston, Howard, ilowc,
Iltilihaid, [lamer, J. \V. Jaekson, VV. T. Jackson, J.tinea
\j. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, IOir, Daniel P.
Kins, George G. K tur, James G. Ku.g, John A. King,
iJieAon K.iVsr, I^.i Sere", Lelrior, L.'ttle(id<), lloia<*c Mann,
Job Manu, Mason, Matte^on, RlcOlornand, McDowell, Mc-
Gauyhey. MoKi^otk, IVJeLnnatian, McMullen, Mc&'ieen,
M.-ade, Mill-am, Moore, Morris, Mum-, Moiio.i, Neifon,
Nt'weli, Ojjle, Old?, (>:r, i'arkei, Poashe, reck, Phelps,
Paman, Potter. Powell, Putnam, Reed, Rey nokis-, Richard-
son, Rockwell, Ra.-e, Ro^, Kmn-ey, Sackett, Sa-a e,Sa\v-
telie, Schermerhoin, Scnoolcraft, tit ddon, .--heppeid, Sii-
v(^t( r, Spauidmg, tfprag.ie, Stanly, F. P. Stanmn. R, 11.
Stanton, A. iJ. frfpireiuv Thaodeus Steven.*, Stetson,
Stronc, Swectsrr, Jacob T!;omp-nn, James Tnonipsou,
Ti'Uiman, Toomln, Tuck, IJinlrrhill, Van i>yke, Vt liable,
Vinton, Vvaldo, Wallace, W'clih.on, VVentuortii, Wildnek,
Willi uns Wilinot, WiniiiP'p, and Wood—17G
NAYS—Messis. Alston, LJrook^, Jo-eph (J.ihle, Camp-
bell, < olo, Con^'.r, D-beriy, Andrew Jonn-on, Jorlt^, Ju-
lian, Outlaw, Rr-ley, Robbin.-, Root, Seherick, and Youir'—
16.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS. &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.,were
presented under tiie rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. TIHJRMAN: HSevon petftion^ from citizens of
Platt.-bur", Saianac, and J s-ev, a-kuii Coiutc^s to mod-
nv the tit:lit ot 18k), and impose «.[iecihc diuii^ on aiticle^
ji of loieiy.n loannl.'Ctnre nnpr rtcd into tin1 UinUd Sl«Uc«.
-i By Mr. Mt'L ANAU iN: M 'inoriai in bchalt oi the ined-
i; icai others if liie navy ot tin: (Jutted Slates, si^mk d by
11 Hargrove Hinklcj, M D., and nine other?, oi Car lis!-;, Penn-
'j vjlvanu, prayinu Coriiiess to enact that ihe «iades of
ne'du-n! ofKct rs ot the navy-hall have ihe same degree of
jj rank relative to officer-* oi the tine in th" navy, us eorre-
ii ^.pondin^ grades of int dicul olli cr< in the ai my now po>-
ji sc-s aecordin^ to law, relative lo officer-, of the line in the
ai my.
By Mr. FOWLCR: Tiie peti'ion of Nathaniel B. Bar-
ton and '2 15 otht'r cinz n-i < t Fall Riv r, asfachu-< it-,
piayni" that the lanlf «d' 1846 m.ry be modified oi repealed,
and that a law may b" enaeud reeogni/i!ii  me pimuple ot
sprcific dut '-- on ioip >r!s.
By .Mi.'l'HOMl'.-0\, of Penn^vIvan a• The memorial
of citizens <>i PeriiK't I vania, pra\ mg C'>ngie- 58 to pass a law
to provide gowtcr >e< urit\ au'auist fnes and t xplo-ions on
sle unbonrs, and a*, pieparatoiy thereto, to investigate jhe
causes of ilifir lieqiienev.
A^o, the iriemniial ot citizens of Penns Ivani i in behalf
o( tbc rnedrcal officeis of the navy of (be United States.
ANo, two peniioiw of ifiy,"n-s. of Pennsylvania, praying
fbi an alti rahon of the tarilf law?.
Alsd, tin; memorial of J. VV. Bates, survrv.ng partner of
the fiiui oi Catmk & Bates, for relief.
Hv .Mr. CAULK, of Onto : A inetnoiial from Thomas
G' o'ge ami many other citizens of Jclleraon county, Ohio,
on the subject ol slavery.
IN SEXATft.
Tuesday, July 9, 18o0.
Mr. SEWARD piesented a petition of citizens
of Newcastle, Delaware, asking that shivery and
the slave tiu.de may be abolished in the District of
Columbia; winch was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PELCH presented a memorial of citizens
of the District of Columbia, asking a reorganiza-
tion of their judicial system; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Arkansas, asking a grant of public lands
to I hat State for the endowment of the Alexandrian
Masonic College; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public L^inds.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I present to
the Senate the proceed in^s of a meeting of citizens
of the State of New York, inhabitants'of the city
of Troy, on the subject of a revision of the tariif
laws of the United States.
I will not trouble the Senate with the reading-of
these proceedings now, but I will ask permission
to state briefly the views of those who took part
in them.
The meeting was held on the 29ih of June. It
is said, and 1 do not doubt truly, to have been a
meeting of citizens of ail paities. Fiom corre-
spondence which I have received, 1 learn that the
citizens assembled were the most respectable and
intelligent of that community.
They submit to the Senate that the protection of
Ameucan labor—that i«, the adaptation of our
system of revenue so as to protect American labor
—is a policy of great national importance. They
insist that, under the protective policy, the manu-
factures and manufacturers of this country have
grown up and prospered. They submit tnat per-
severance in that policy would be just, because it
lewards labor. They think it \vi*e, because it
increases the stability and birength of thec<.untry,
and contributes to the intelligence and elevation of
the laboring classes of society, upon whom our
institutions depend. They submit one considera-
tion, to which 1 feel it my duty especially to call
the attention of the Senate; and that is, that the
vast importations of foreign manufactures during
the last year, paid for only by stocks, and there-
fore yet to be paid for hereafter, aie alai mmg, and
will increase the debts of commetcial men; and
they expiess a fearful apprehension thaf, unless
the importations are reduced to something cone-
spondmg to the extent of comineicjal exports, a
revulsion greater than any which had heretofore
taken place will be experienced. The remedy
which they recommend, in common with citizens
of ali parts of the United States, is the substitution
of specific for ad valorem duties.
The proceedings of this meetmgare accompanied
by four several petitions of citizens of Troy, m
which the same views aie &us'ainef,'. I have ex-
amined the names upon these peiiuonsj and 1 am
f ee to say that theieare among them the names
of some oi't le most respectable and intelligent citi-
zens of that great and nourishing town.
I trust that full consideration will be bestowed
upon this important subject, in the meantime I
have only to say, what you, Mr. President, well
know, that the city ofTroy is one ot the mott en-
terprising and populous cities in the State of New
York, it is itself an illustration ot ihe wisdom and
success of the policy of fostering manuf tctuies. in
almost every place which I have ever visited, I
have found the handiwork of the citizens ofTroy.
They are found on the roads and rivers of every
State in this Union, and on the roads and rivers of
every State, nation, and country on this continent,
and on the roads or Western Europe.
The city ofTroy is the most interesting illustra-
tion i have ever seen of the wise direction of capi-
tal and labor. It exhibits high commercial pros-
perity, great manufacturing skill, and file highest
moral and social elevation of the whole people.
The opinions of such a city cannot be expressed
without elfcct.
1 know, sir, that the questions presented by them
are deemed debatable here, and that this is not the
time for discussing them. I trust, however, (hat
when the present great questions have gone by,
we shall be abie to direct our attention to the sub-
ject thus brought befoie us, and to so dispose ofit
as to give relief, and comfort, and satisfaction to
the country.
The memorials and proceedings were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill granting the
right of way, and making a donation of land to the
State of Aidoruna, in aid of the consti uctiun of the
Mobile arid Uirard Il.ulroad, reported back the
same with an amendment, striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting a new bill.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the lesolution of the Legislature of Mich-
igan, in favor of a grant of land for public works
in that State, repot ted a bill granting to tne State .of
Michigan the right of way and a donation of pub-
he land, for ihe purpose of locating and construct-
ing a canal from Rochester, in said State, to the
waters of Lake Michigan; which was read and
passed to a second reaumg.
Also, from the samecommittee, to which were re-
ferred the resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana t
