1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is with-
drawn. -
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for one moment, in order that I may reply
to some of the remarks of my honorable friend
from Georgia, who has alluded to the motives
which may be supposed to operate upon members
of this body in bringing before it questions of this
character. And my reply, sir, which will be ex-
ceedingly brief, is, that 1 am here- for public
measures, and not for private ends; and that no
imputation which can be made, by even a friend
whom I esteem and respect as highly as I do the
honorable Senator from Georgia, shall ever put
me before this body, or any other, upon a defence
of myself against aspersions or complaints of this
kind.
Now, sir, the point in the remarks which I
made, which elicited the most severe rebuke of my
friend from Georgia, was the suggestion that I
had always been opposed to applying the current
revenues arising from the public lands to the ordi-
nary expenses of the Federal Government. And
the Senator persisted in supposing that I intended
to affirm that they should be applied to no other
purpose than to constitute a charily fund. I will
illustrate, for the information of the Senator from
Georgia and others, what I mean by the applica-
tion of these revenues to constitute a great national
fund for" the advancement of beneficent national
purposes.
The distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
several years ago, by his great influence in the
councils of the nation, secured the distribution
among the States of this Union of a portion of
those, with other surplus revenues. I was, at a
distance, an humble admirer and approver of that
policy. The result of it in other States ! know
not, but you can testify with me, sir, the result,
the beneficent result, in the State of New York,
from which we come. The share that was allotted
to that State was six millions of dollars; the sum
we received was fout millions and a half. Every
dollar of that four millions and a half was devoted
ten years ago to the foundation of common schools
and academies, preparatory for higher institutions
of learning, and to the foundation and endowment
of libraries for the common people. And, sir, I
will now state to the Senate, and I am proud, on
behalf of the State of New York, and proud that
I am here this day to state, to the praise and honor
of the distinguished statesman from Kentucky, the
condition in which the State of New York, the
people, bond and free—if there were any of the
former—native born and foreign, ha ve been brought
by this gieat act of national justice—I will not call
it beneficence.
Sir, the State of New York numbers three mil-
lions of people, and, owing to the application of
this fund, there is not to he found in that State one
child—either the child, of citizen or foreigner—from
the age of five years to the age of twenty years,
who is not educated—educated at the public cost
and expense.
Again, sir, at the distance of every mile and a
half, upon every mail route, railroad, canal, and
cross road, separated by a distance of only a mile
and a half from each other, are our school houses,
as in New England, and the schoolmaster is at
home in New York, everywhere, and all ihe time;
anil New York is thus made to imitate the blessed
example of Massachusetts and Connecticut. That
is what has happened in my day and in your day,
sir; that is what has happened within our experi-
ence. And, more than that, in every one of these
school-houses is a public library consisting of two
hundred and fifty volumes, containing all that is
interesting in ancient history, in modern science, in
literature, geography, and every branch of human
knowledge, open and accessible to every citizen, to
every man, to every woman,and to every'child in
the State of New Yoik.
Yes, sir, this four millions and a half of dollars
has supplied us with lihranes which contain, col-
lectively, more than one million of volumes. And,
sir, more than that, there is scarcely left in the
State of New York a blind person who has not
been taught to read his Bible; there is not left a
deaf mute who has not been taught to give ex-
pression to his thoughts, and to render praise to
God and his acknowledgments to the State which
has brought him from the condition of ignorance
and degradation in which he was placed by birth
or accident of disease. More than that, sir, there
that unfortunate class has not been neglected to
which reference has been made by my friend from
Georgia, who asks me, why not consider the free
negro? Sir, the free negro has been considered ;
a part of this fund derived from the public land
has been appropriated to their advancement, to
their improvement, to prepare and qualify them
to exercise the rights of self-government, and to
carry on the great work of the emancipation of
their race wherever they may be found in bond-
age. Yes, sir, there are at this day five thousand
colored children, children of the African race,
who are being educated out of this great fund of
national beneficence.
And now, sir, what becomes of the reproach in
which this is called a charity? What would have
been the disposition of this fund had it been left
here? Sir, it would have been left to be expended
as the revenues of this country, too large, too lib-
eral, always have been exp®ded, in improvidence;
and it is therefore that I have always claimed that
they ought to be distributed among the States.
Since this Government has renounced all enter-
prises of internal improvement, and especially all
works of education and progress, they should
have been distributed among the States, that they
might be applied to those works of beneficence
and humanity.
And now, sir, during all the time we have en-
joyed this four million and a half of dollars, there
has been no waste of it; there has been no dimi-
nution of the amount given to us. It is every
dollar there yet. The four millions and a half of
dollars are still in the treasury of the State of New
York. And what has been done, has been done
only by means of the interest accruing upon the
fund. Will gentlemen tell me, sir, that it is not
wiser to make such a disposition of these funds
than it would be to employ them in encouraging
prodigality on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment—in encouraging a spirit of aggression—en-
couraging this lust of "conquest, in which the Mex-
ican war had its origin, and by which were brought
into the national domain these seven hundred and
sixty-three millions of acies, to be added to the
one thousand million of acres we had before'
Sir, what has this acquisition brought us> Ac-
cording to the argument of the learned gentleman
from Georgia, it has brought us but a Pandora's
box of evils, and we are, day after day, enter-
.tained here with the intelligence that the Union
must be dissolved, or is actually dissolved, and all
this by reason of our employing the revenue from
the public land in extending our limits, which are
already unnecessarily large. Sir, it is because I
want no more Mexican wars; it is because I do
not want to encourage this lust of conquest, this
seizing of the unripened fruit which, if left alone,
would fall of itself, that I am opposed to swelling
the revenues of the Federal G-overnment from
sources like these, and that I claim that the Fed-
eral Government should be brought down to re-
sponsibility to the people, and that the people
shall know what it costs to indulge" in wars of
conquest.
Sir, the Senator from Georgia and the Senator
from Illinois agree that there is a peculiar demerit
in considering the cause of foreigners, as distin-
guished from the'cause of American citizens.
And my honorable friend from Georgia supposes
that he found in the proposition which I have
submitted here—not at all in conflict with that of
the Senator from Illinois, as I have before re-
marked, or with that of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or that of the Senator from Texas—a
peculiarly objectionable feature, because it pro-
vides distinctly for foreigners without providing
for others.
Sir, these remarks—and I am sorry to see the
ungracious reception which they received, at my
expense^ a* the hands of the honorable Senator
from Illinois—oblige me to say, what I would not
say before, that the way to defeat any humane
proposition, any charitable enterprise, is to bring
into competition with it some other object of
charity which ought to be provided for fitst.
Sir, the religion which inculcates the duty of
charity gives us an admonition against such a
means of defeating- the ends of charity.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to call bis attention to the fact that rny
bill was proposed first; and, therefore, that his
proposition comes in contact with mine?
Mr. SEWARD. I did not allude to the Sena-
tor's bill. The'first time lever heard of it or its
contents, from a source to which I could acknowl-
edge myself indebted for information, was this
morning, and on that occasion I rendered to him the
unreserved homage of my approbation and grati-
tude for it; and for this acknowledgment his cen-
sure upon me, because I have provided for a
certain class of foreigners, was an unkind and un-
necessary return.
Now, 1 was going to say that the religion which
inculcates charity above all things, and which even
excuses every human being for failure in the per-
formance of many duties if he but faithfully dis-
charge this one, gives also this admonition, that
we pour ointment upon the heads of the sick and
afflicted, and not say, with the Pharisee, this oint-
ment should have been sold and the money given to
the poor I know of no way of paying any debtof jus-
tice but to place the object at once before me, and to
acknowledge when it meets me my obligation
to discharge it. There can be no excuse for me
in not paying a creditor, because instead of be-
in^ situated here, he is placed yonder, if I am
really indebted to him. There can be no discharge
of the claim of charity upon me presented by tne
oppressed and destitute stranger by a relief of the
wants of those who may be near me;nor is it right
to say that the wants of those in other lands should
not be relieved because there are many m my own
land in destitution. , I say, let them all come on,
in whatever order they may, and I will, so far as
I am able, discharge my obligations to the whole.
Now, if my friend from Georgia supposes that
this bill had its origin in a desire to propitiate or
obtain the aid of aliens or foreigners, 1 will tell
him, and the Senator from Illinois also, that they
have greatly mistaken the nature and character of
my sentiments and principles with reference to
those classes of individuals. I am in favor, sir,
of the equality of man—of all men—whether they
be born in this or any other land. I am in favor
of receiving all classes with open hands, and treat-
ing them with equal respect—for I consider them all
as members of one great family, whom it is our duty
as co-members to assist in every possible manner;
and, sir, when I have occasion to ask for the votes
of Senators for a proposition in favor of foreigners
or aliens, it will not be exclusively for a measure
which is commended to our sympathetic consider-
ation because of the sufferings of the people whom
it proposes to aid m behalf of libei ty in monarch-
ical Europe, but it will be for an amelioration of
the laws of naturalization, so as to give a vote lo
any man of any countrj'on his becoming perma-
nently domiciled among us. There, sir, is where
they will find me, and they will find that to that
extent these sentiments of humanity, these ex-
pressions of our sympathy for our brethren from
distant lands, are enjoined upon us, as duties by
the law of our Maker. It is my purpose, sn, to
labor to bring about that equality in the land in
which we live, and, so far as may be, in all other
lands.
Acting upon this broad principle, sir, I have no
hesitation in saying that there is no distinction in
my respect or affection towards men of this or any
other land—of a higher or a lower class—of one
race or another—of one color or another. I regard
them all alike, as respects social distinctions—the
institutions of Government, or the opinions of so-
ciety, not affecting in my mind theirindividual per-
sonal merit. If the Senator from Georgia really
feels the sympathy for free negroes which I am re-
joiced to hear him proclaim, let him bring in his
bill for their relief, and I pledge myself that the
first aye in its favor—if none be given before my
name is reached in the alphabet—will be mine. If
his sympathies embrace a class which need them
still more, let him bring in his bill for the emanci-
pation and amelioration of the condition of the
slave in any District or Territory, or show me how
I can vote for it in his own Slate effectively, and
mv vote shall he given for it with more gladness
and joy than it has ever been given upon any oc-
casion in my whole life. Su, neithei here nor
elsewhere do'I admit that any lule of government
or form of society authorizes a distinction to be
made in our treatment of men; for I hold to the
sublime sentiment announced in our Declaration
of Independence, "that all men were created
equal;" and I can truly say that my first vote to
keep any man in a condition of digiadation has
yet to be given, and that vote never will be given
