1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
money borrowed by the State in order to meet
expjenditures.whi'ch the Government of the United
States failed to. meet in ppttiftg down Indian hos-
tilities; and the only allowance that was made to
the State was where it was made apparent to the
accounting offieer that the State had actually been
under the necessity of procuring money from the
bank in order to meet this expenditure; nothing
beyond that. Now, if that is the intention of the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, I have
no ojection to it; but if it is intended to apply to
money taken out of the treasury of the State and
• applied temporarily to this expenditure, without
having borrowed a dollar or paid interest on a
dollar—because money lyingin the treasury is not
drawing interest—I must object to it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I thinks can satisfy the Sen-
ator from Alabama by stating that the State of
Georgia was under the necessity of making a l.oan
of a considerable amount at the time when this
advance was made, and it is only since this bill
was before the Senate yesterday that this fact, or
the evidence of it, has been brought to my knowl-
edge. Consequently, I bring the bill within the
very words of the law in the case of Alabama,
which are that no interest shall bepaid on any
sum on which the said State of Alabama did not
either pay or lose interest. The State of Georgia
had contracted a loan at the time these advances
were made, and it was to meet that state of facts
that I introduced the proviso. I hope the bill will
now be permitted to pass.
Mr. PEARCE. I merely rise to suggest that
the words have a conventional meaning, acquired
in the course of our legislation and the constiuc-
tion given by the Treasury to our acts. A State
is held to have lost interest which has lost it by
the transfer, for example, of an interest-bearing
fund to satisfy the debt, as in the Case of Mary-
land, or, as in the case of Alabama, borrowing
money from the State bank. I believe a State is
not held to have lost interest that has had a fund
lying idle.
* Mr. BERRIEN. I beg leave to state that that
is not the case ip this instance. The State of
Georgia has not taken out of her treasury a fund
that was lying idle, but she has taken from a loan
which she had contracted the sum of money which
she has advanced for the United States.
Mr. PEARCE. So 1 understand it.
Mr. DICKINSON, [n order to meet an objec-
tion which suggests itself to my mind, that we are
in danger of departing from precedents in this mat-
ter, and establishing a new one, if this money has
actually been borrowed by the State of Georgia, 1
would'suggest an amendment, by adding the words
"for money borrowed, and," so that it will read
" for money borrowed and advanced by the State
of Georgia."
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg leave to suggest to the
Senator from New York that we are not making,
but following precedents in this case. We have
used the very words of former acts in relation to
precisely similar cases.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Beriuen, and it was adopted.
Mr. BADGER. I merely wish to suggest to
my friend from New York that the further amend-
ment he proposes to oiler is entirely unnecesssry.
As stated by the Senator from Maryland, the pro-
viso which has been adopted into the bill on, the
motion of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berri-
en,] upon the interpretation given at the Treasury,
settles and determines that the interest is not to be
paid, except where the State has paid interest, or
agreed that it should be paid.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 understand that in former
bills of this kind, though I have not recently re-
ferred to them, it does "generally appear that the
money was borrowed, and that obviates the ob-
jection raised by the Senator from Alabama, (Mr.
iCing.) 1 do not'wish to embarrass this bill, and
if the money was actually borrowed, there cer-
tainly can be no harm m this amendment. 1
therefore move to amend the first section of the
bill, by inserting before the word "advanced the
words " money borrowed and."
Mr. PRATT. I should be glad to hear from
those who have advocated this class of amend-
ments in cither shape, what distinction thfy can j
see between the obligation of the Government of j
the United States to pay interest where the money !
has been loaned by the State, whether the State j
borrowed the money for the purpose of lending |
it, or whether it had the 'money in its coffers, and
lent it. What distinction' is there in principle* I
am not in favor, without reflection, of establishing
a principle by the adoption of this amendment,by
which States which, having been more provident
than others, have money in their coffers, and ad-
vance it to the Government, shall not receive in-
terest on the money loaned, whitf^other States
which loan money, receive interest because they
borrowed the money to lend it. I see no distinc-
tion in principle between the right to receive in-
terest. Wherever the United States has borrowed
money from the State Government, it is bound to
pay interest upon it, and it is perfectly immaterial
as to the manner in which the State got the money
to lend.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say, in answer to
the Senator from Maryland, that none of these are
cases of loans by the States to the United States.
A loan implies a case of contract or agreement,
and when such a loan is negotiated, of course the
matter of interest is settled at the time. These
are cases of advances made by the States for cer-
tain purposes, without previous authority or re-
quest from the United States, without any con-
tract, direct or indirect, but which, from the nature
of the objects to which the money was appropri-
ated, it is proper should be refunded. Then the
whole object of these acts has been to reimburse
the State for what she has expended. This has
been done during the last twenty-five years, by
Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, South Carolina, and Alabama, and
acts have been passed for each and every one of
them, having an express condition that no interest
shall be paid except where the State has paid or
assumed the interest. Therefore there is no reason
to do for this State that which has never been done
before in our history.
Mr. PRATT. As I understand it, the class of
cases referred to, similar to the one now before us,
all occurred, or most of them, during the war of
1812, when the State governments, because of the
inability or neglect of the General Government to
defend them, were obliged to defend themselves,
and advanced these funds to do what it was the
duty of the United States Government to do, and
the State governments, in consequence of such
expenditure of money, subsequently applied to
the United States Government to be reimbursed.
Now, I ask any Senator to explain to me the dif-
ference, whether, in performing this service, the
State government used the money in its own cof-
fers or borrowed the money, as to the obligation
of the United States Government to refund the in-
terest as well as the principal ?
Mr. BADGER, (m his scat.) There is a great
difference.
Mr. PRATT. I must admit that I cannot see
it. As to the argument of the learned Senator that
heretofore this has not been done, if it is just and
proper it should be done, it can be easily remedied
now, by paying to Maryland and other States,
that interest which justice requires should be paid
them.
Mr. DICKINSON. I think there is a differ-
ence in these cases, and I wish to notice it as a
reason for offering my amendment. It is a suffi-
cient reason for me, for the present purpose, that
this Government has not gone beyond the case
where money was actually borrowed. When a
Slate has money in the treasury, af-d makes the
advance when it would otherwise have remained
there, producing no interest to the State, it seems ,
to me there is no very good reason why it should
receive interest from the United States. If it ac-
tually borrowed the money at a sacrifice of its
property, or had to pay interest upon it, its treas-
ury should be replenished by this Government.
But it has lost nothing if it advanced money out
of its treasury on which it was drawing no inter-
est, and interest should not be paid. We had
better not hold out to a State inducements to turn
broker and loan money on interest. I repeat, I
do not wish to embarrass this bill, and my amend-
ment is offered only to preserve the distinction to
which! have refened./
Mr. HALE, i hope the amendment of the
Senator from New York will not be adopted, be-
cause it makes the bill more restrictive than has
been the case with similar measures. 1 under-
stand that in the Alabama case, the Senate, when
it passed that bill, adopted and applied the princi-
ple that if the State had stocks that were drawing
lftterest, &ftd sold those stocks for the purpose of
borrowing money, and thereby lost the interest,
then the 'Government of, thfe United States waa
bound to pay interest upon the money advanced
Mr. DICKINSON. If such is the case, then,
as has been the pi-afcticehefetofore, let it appear
on the face of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I would not make the bill more
restrictive than is warranted by the precedents. It
would be unjust in all c'aSes to restrict the State to
money borrowed expressly for that purpose. In
the case of the State of New Hampshire, for in-
stance, they had actually borrowed and were pay-
ing interest on a larger sum than what was ad-
vanced to the United States; that is, they did not
actually appropriate the sum which they borrowed
for the benefit of the United States-, but took it
from their treasury, paying the interest on the
money borrowed all the while; and if the princi-
ple of this amendment is adopted, it will cut off all
claims of this sort. Therefore, if we are going to
be governed by precedent, it is better to adhere to
that which has been established.
Mr. BERRIEN. I concur with the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] as to the principle
that there is certainly in equity no distinction i«
this matter of advances; that it would be a bold
man who attempted to enforce such a distinction
in a court of equity. But T deferred to precedent,
and brought the case of the State of Georgia
within those precedents, in order that thn bill
might not be embarrassed in its passage by multi-
plying propositions, and submitted the proviso*
which, in terms, secures the United States against
the liability of payment, except where the State
borrowed the money and paid interest thereon. I
trust the amendment of the Senator from New
York will not prevail, because, as has been very
well explained by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, it will restiict the application of Georgia by
a more narrow rule than has been applied to other
States under similar circumstances. By this pro-
viso the very terms that were applied to Alabama
and other States are applied to Georgia; and I
trust, therefore, that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York will not receive the sanction
of the Senate, and that the bill will be allowed to
pass.
Mr. DICKINSON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Georgia to say that the State actually
borrowed the money in this case?
Mr. BERRIEN. I will answer the Senator
from New York by a simple statement of facts.
The State of Georgia engaged in works of inter-
nal improvement, and, for the funds necessary for
the purpose, had aceriain amount in the treasury.
Beyond that amount it was necessary to contract
a loan for a very considerable amount. During
this time she advanced money to the United States;
and, if she had not done that, the necessity under
| which she was of making a loan would have been
; obviated to the precise extent of the ad vance which
j she made to the United States.
| Mr. DICKINSON. As I do not desire to em-
! barr^ss this bill, I will withdraw my amendment,
giving notice that I shall ever keep up this dis-
tinction. The facts in this case, however, obvi-
ate the necessity for its adoption.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
! and was subsequently read a third time and
passed.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union, to establish territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making propo-
sals to Texas for the establishment of her western
and northern boundaries.
Mr. BUTLER, who obtained the floor yester-
day, proceeded to address the Senate; and, having
spoken an hour, on a private communication from
Mr. Webster, he suspended his remarks.
ILLNESS OF THE PRESID-ENT.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I have per-
mission from the honorable member from South
Carolina to interrupt the progress of his speech,,
and to make a solemn and mournful suggestion to
the Senate. The intelligence which, within the
last few moments, has been received, indicates
that a very gieat misfuitune is now immediately
impending over the country. It is supposed by
medical advisers and others that the President of
the United States cannot live many hour*. This
