268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
in this place. I have offered these remarks, Mr.
President, because I thought it necessary to vin-
dicate the proposition which 1 have made to the
Senate from the assaults which it has met in its in-
direct appearance ^before this body on this 'occa-
sion; and when that proposition is brought before
the.Senate in its proper form, and the Senate shall
be ready to give it a due consideration, I shall take
pleasure in stating the reasons that have induced
me to bring it forward.
Mr. WALKER. It is a matter of gratification
to me, sir, to see so many distinguished Senators
coming forward and expiessing their opinions, in
some form or other, in favor of the general prin-
ciple of vesting the public lands of the United
States in actual settlers or occupants. In fact, sir,
there seefns to be some little competition among
distinguished Senators, as to who shall have pre-
cedence in presenting propositions for the actiofi
of the Senate upon this subject. Propositions
have been submitted by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Sewarp,] the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster.] and the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Houston;} all of which propositions are
zealously supported by the originators of them.
All of these gentlemen seem to be zealous in favor
of the particular measure which has been intro-
duced by each respectively. I was about to re-
mat k, sir, that, either from my peculiar modesty
or from the position in which my humble seat is
placed, my lelation towards this particular subject
appears to have been forgotten. I desire to say,
and I think I am justified in stating, that I had the
honor of introducing the first proposition upon
this subject to the consideration of the Senate.
The Senate will bear in mind that at a very early
- period of this session, I introduced a proposition
laying the general foundation for a consideration
of this question. It was in the form of a memorial
from the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying the
General Government to cede the public lands of the
Union to the several States, upon the condition
that they be distributed among actual settlers or
occupants, who shall pay upon such cession the
cost of transfer, survey, and registry of title. As
soon thereafter as I could get an opportunity, I
gave notice to the Senate that 1 would introduce a
bill ceding the public lands to the States respectively.
Sir, I have fulfilled that promise; I have done
what I gave notice I should do; and have intro-
duced a bill, minute and particular in its details,
making provision for the end I have already in-
dicated. That bill has been ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
und what I wish to do now is, in view of the man-
ner in which my proposition has come before the
Senate, to urge upon the Committee on Public
Lands a respectful consideration of its objects. Jt
is not a resolution, sir, making a bid for any sin-
ister purpose whatever, but a practical proposi-
tion, proposing that by law the public lands may
be vested in the several States, upon the condi-
tions I have already named. And I must be per-
mitted to take the liberty, sir, of here saying that
I cannot agree in the views expressed by the hon-
orable Senators who have introduced piopositions
relating to this subject, with reference to the de-
sign of these propositions, and for several reasons.
They all look, sir, to the vesting of lands in actual
settlers or occupants, to very nearly the whole
extent, without cost; but they have not guard-
ed their measures, as I think they should be
guarded, so as satisfactorily to accomplish the
great and good end which the Senate ought to
have in view in adopting measures that affect this
important subject. Now, sir, under the operation
of any one of the propositions that have been
submitted, might not an opportunity be afforded
for one of the most extravagant forms of specu-
lation that has ever been practiced? Might not
the measure itself be made a piece of machinery
for effecting the grossest frauds that were ever
perpetrated ? The proposition emanating from j
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] j
appears to be the furthest from objection. That ;
Senator has limited the transfer to the individual
to whom the land shall be conveyed to a certain
extent, but not to the extent which seems to me
to be desirable. But take the propositions that j
are before the Senate, barely granting a piece of:
land, 160 or 320 acres, as the State may deem fit, j
to each individual, without restricting him in the j
transfer of it, or exempting it from forced sale |
upon execution; you thereby enable the land
speculator to acquire title by placing an individ-
ual as claimant upon the land, not for the benefit
of that individual, or his family, but for his own
aggrandizement, inasmuch as he can pay the ex-
penses of the settlement, while the settler acquires
the title not for himself, but for the speculator.
But the proposition which 1 have submitted to
the Senate is to vest the public lands of the United
States in the States respectively, upon the condi-
tion, first, that the Legislatures of the States shall
provide by law that the land shall be conveyed to
actual settlers or occupants only in such quantities
as to the States shall seem proper, not exceeding
160 acres. And, secondly, that the land shall not
be transferred or alienated by the individual to
whom it may be conveyed by the State to any
other person, who thereby might become the owner
of more than is contemplated to be granted to any
individual. And, thirdly, that the land shall be
forever exempt from forced sale or levy upon ex-
ecution, or tne decre^of a court of equity. A
further provision is, that when these stipulations
shall be made by the States, the President ot the
United States, when officially notified of it, shall
cause copies of all the maps, deeds, records, and
papers affecting those transfers, to be made out and
transmuted to the marshal ot the State in which
the land lies, whose duty it shall be to deliver
them to the Executive of the State, upon payment
by the person to whom the grant is made of the
cost of such transscription and transmission to the
Government. Afier this has been done, upon
these limitations, the land shall vest in the person
to whom it is granted for the purposes contem-
plated by the act.
Now, if gentlemen are sincere in their profes-
sions, if they are desirous of so disposing of this
question as to create a free yeomanry throughout
the country; if they are desirous of contributing
to the happiness of the great mass of the commu-
nity, making them independent, making them tax- I
payers, and fitting them to bear their portion of 1
the expenses of Government, and also to avoid the
possibility of this transfer by the General Govern-
ment becoming a source of speculation; if they
desire that all the benefits which are anticipated
by them shall result from the transfer of the pub-
lic lands to individuals, it occurs to me that it
would be well for them to reconsider the terms of
their several propositions, and endeavor to make
such limitations, that the evils i have alluded to
may be avoided.
it may be asked, is it advisable to vest these
lands in the States, when we hear complaints al-
ready from the older States that they are about to
be robbed of their proportion of the benefit? It
would appear reasonable, certainly, that the older
States should be relieved from all further expense
in supporting a department having the disposal of
the lands for its object. It would seem an act of
justice to them that the several States in which the
lands lie should bear the burden of the expenses
incuned in their disposition.
But if the lands thus conveyed to the States were
to be transferred freely, and without the restric-
tions I have suggested, to individuals, there would
soon be a concentration of the lands thus conveyed
in the hands of the wealthy, and their general dis-
tribution would not last fivs years. If they are
not made free from forced sales upon execution,
the improvident or unfortunate man would soon I
be landless, would soon be stripped of his portion, j.
and his family be left to suffer. I repeat, then, if !'
there be a benevolent purpose in view in the minds ,[
of the gentlemen who favor this object, they should ! i
endeavor to guard the measure by all the limits I ij
have enumerated. I have thrown out these obser- j!
vations more particularly for the consideration of j!
the Committee on Public Lands, in the hupe that, J;
in their examination of the various propositions j!
submitted, they will,also deliberate upon the pro-
priety of making the limitations I have suggested.
The question was then taken upon the motion >
to print, and it was agreed to. j1
The resolution, under the rule of the Senate, f
lies over for one day. '
PRINTING AND BINDING. !,'
Mr. BORLAND, as chairman of the Committee i
on Printing, asked the unanimous consent of the \
Senate to introduce a joint resolution for binding '!
the public documents^ viz: ° '
Resolved, fyc., Unit all Executive Documents, the print- '!
ing of additional copies of which have been, duiiug the |j
present session, or, during either session of the present
Congress,"rmiy he ord-rnd by either House of CongrL*-s, anil
the&izeof winch shall not be le<$ than three handled printed
pages, each additional copies ^hall he bound, under the di-
rection ot the Joint Committee on Puniing: Provided,' The
coat of binding shall not exceed the suin'ot twelve and a
half cents per volume for the whole number ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. With reference to this resolu-
tion, I will merely state that it refers to the bind-
ing of the Executive documents, and the question
is now before the House of Representatives. It
was brought before the Joint Committee on Print-
ing by the chairman of the Committtee on Printing
in the House; and, at a meeting of the joint com-
mittee, it was deemed best to make some general
provision for the binding of the public documents,
instead of leaving the subject open for occasional
special legislation. The importance of binding
our public documents is acknowledged by all.
The committee have ascertained that documents
embracing two or three hundred pages, and up to
the largest size, may be bound in this style for
twelve and a half cents per volume. That is the
maximum price; it probably may be done for less.
The question is now open, and the House is wait-
ing for the report of the joint committee. It would
be conducive to economy and convenience if there
were a concurrence of both Houses in some gen-
eral measure. I ask that the resolution be now
adopted.
The resolution was read a second time, consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, reported to
the Senate, ordered to be read a third time; and,
by unanimous consent, was read a third time and
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to punt the
memorial of Thomas Crawford, proposing to exe-
cute an equestrian statue of Washington in bronze,
reported against printing the same; which was
concurred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referied the report of the Secretary of the In-
terior in relation to rejected claims for pensions,
reported in favor of printing the same; which was
concurred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of New York, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a branch mint in New York, and a
comparative statement of the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue for six months of the years 1848
and 1849 at that port, reported in favor of printing
the same; which was concurred in. ,
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print a bill granting
land to the refugees who took part in support of
the struggles for liberty and independence in Hun-
gary and other European countries, reported in
favor of printing the same; which was concurred in.
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN COALS.
Mr. BORLAND also submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be andihe is
hereby dneeUd to putchase tor the use of the Senate 
copies nl Proh-ssor Walter R. JohnsonJs recent work, enti-
tled " The Coal Trade of firithii America, with Researches
on the characters and practical values of American and For-
eign Coals Provided, That tiie cost of said work shall not
exceed a copy.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, in offering
this resolution, if it be in order, I wish to make a
few remarks in explanation. The work mentioned
in the resolution is the one which I now hold in
my hand. It is, as stated in the resolution, a work
on the coal-fields, mines, and trade of British
America, and also on foreign coals, by Professor
Johnson. The work, sir, is in four parts; and,
though my remarks shall not extend beyond a
few moments, I will say a few words by way of
description.
The first part of this work is an account of the
coal-fields, mines, and the trade of the northeast-
ern British provinces, embracing results of an ex-
tended personal examination of the facts of the
case. It is fiom those provinces that by far the
larger portion of all the coals imported into the
United States now come; and whatever compe-
tition there is between American and foreign coals
in the American markets may be said to arise
from that quarter. The information on this sub-
ject is not to be found in any other work. The
facts presented are valuable for all who own or
manage coal mines; for all to whom the produc-
tions of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick mines
