1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
tone of affliction which I am sure is felt through-
out all the country, to take part m the last and due
solemnities of the funeral of the late President of
the United States.
Truly, sir, was it said in the communication
read to us, that a " great man has fallen among
us." The late President of the United States,
originally a soldier by profession, having gone
through a long and splendid career of military
service, had, at the close of the late war with
Mexico, become so much endeared to the people
of the United States, and had inspired them with
so high a degree of regard and confidence, that
without solicitation or application, without pur-
suing any devious paths of policy, or turning a
hair's breadth to the right or the left from the path
of duty, a great, and powerful, and generous peo-
ple saw fit, by popular vote and voice, to confer
upon him the highest civil authority in the nation.
We cannot forget that as in other instances so in
this,the public feeling was won and carried away,
in some degree, by the eclat of military renown.
So it has been always, and so it always will be,
because high respect for noble feats in arms has
been, and always will be, outooured from the
hearts of the members of a popular government.
But it will be a great mistake to suppose that the
late President of the United States owed his ad-
vancement to high civil trust, or his great accept-
ability with the people to military talent or ability
alone. 1 believe, sir, that associated with the
highest admiration for those qualities possessed
by him, there was spread throughout the commu-
nity a high degree of confidence and faith in his
integrity, and honor, and uprightness, as a man.
I believe he was especially regarded as both a firm
and a mild man in the exercise of authority; and
1 have observed more than once, in this and in
other popular Governments, that the prevalent
motive wtth the masses of mankind for conferring
high power on individuals, is a confidence in their
mildness, their paternal, protecting, secure, and
safe character. The people naturally feel safe
where they feel themselves to be under the control
and protection of sober counsel, of impartial
minds, and a general paternal superintendence.
I suppose, sir, that no case ever happened in the
very best days of the Roman republic, when eveiy
man found himself clothed with the highest author-
ity in the State, under circumstances more repel'
ling all suspicion of personal application, all sus-
picion of pursuing any crooked path in politics, or
all suspicion of having been actuated by sinister
views and purposes, than in the case of the wor-
thy, and eminent, and distinguished, and good
man, whose deuth we now deplore.
He has left to the people of his country a legacy
in this: He has left them a bright example, which
addresses itself with peculiar force to the young and
rising generation; for it tells them that there is a
path to the highest degree of renown, straight,
onward, steady, without change or deviation.
Mr. Secretary, my friend from Louisiana [Mr.
Downs] has detailed shortly the events in the mili-
tary career of General Taylor. His service
through his life was mostly on the frontier, and
always a hard service—often in combat with the
tribes of Indians all along the frontier for so many
thousands of ntiles. It has been justly remarked
by one of the most eloquent men whose voice was
ever heard in these Houses, that it is not in Indian
wars that heroes are celebrated, but that it is there
that they are formed- The hard service, the stern
discipline, devolving upon all those who have a
great extent of frontier to defend, and .often with
irregular troops of their own, being called on sud-
denly to enter into contests with savages, to study
the habits of savage life and savage^var, in order
to foresee and overcome their strata^fns—all these
things tend to make ha^Jy military character.
For a very short time, sir, I had a connection
with the executive government of this country;
and at that time very perilous, embarrassing cir-
cumstances existed between the United States and
the Indians on the borders, and war was actually
raging between the United States and the Florida
tribes; and 1 very well remember that those who
tool? counsel together on that occasion officially, and
who were desirous of placing the military com-
mand in the safest hands, came to the conclusion
that there was no man in the service more fully
uniting the qualities of military ability and great
personal prudence than Zachary Taylor; and he
was, of course, appointed to the command.
Unfortunately his career at the head of this
Government was short. For my part, in all that
I have seen of him, I have found much to respect
and nothing to condemn. The circumstances un-
der which he conducted the Government for the
few months he was at the head of it, have been
such as perhaps not to give to him a very favor-
able, certainly not a long, opportunity of develop-
ing his principles and his policy, and to carry them
out; but I believe he has left on the minds of the
country a strong impression, first, of his absolute
honesty and integrity of character; next, of his
sound, practical good-sense;^and, lastly, of the •
mildness, kindness, and friendliness of his temper
towards all his countrymen.
But he is gone. He is ours no more, except in
the force of his example. Sir, I heard with infi-
nite delight the sentiments expressed by my hon-
orable friend from Louisiana, [Mr, Downs,] who
has just resumed his seat* when he earnestly
prayed that this event might be used to soften the
animosities, to allay party criminations and recrim-
inations, and to restore fellowship and good feel
ing among the various sections of the Union. Mr.
Secretary, great as is our loss to-day, if these in-
estimable and inappreciable blessings shall have
been secured to us, even by the death of Zachary
Taylor, they have not been purchased at too high
a price; and if his spirit from the regions to which
he has ascended could see these results flowing
ftom his unexpected and untimely end—if he could
see that he had entwined a soldier's laurel around
a martyr's crown, he would say cxultingly,
"Happy am I, that by my death I have done
more for that country which I loved and served
than I did or could do by all the devotion and all
the efforts that I could make in her behalf during
the short span of my earthly existence."
Mr. Secretary, great as this calamity is, we
mourn, but not as those without hope. We have
seen one eminent man, and another eminent man,
and at last a man in the most eminent station, fall
away from the midst of us. But I doubt not theie
is a Power above us exercising over us that pa-
rental care that has marked our progress for so
many years. I have confidence still that the place
of the departed will be supplied; that the kind,
beneficent favor of Almighty God will still be
with us, and that we shall be borne along, and
borne upward and upward on the wings of His
sustaining Providence. May God grant that in
the time that is before us, there may not be want-
ing to us as wise men, as good me.n for our coun-
sellors, as he was whose funeral obsequies we
now propose to celebrate!
Mr. CASS. Again and again, during the pres-
ent session, has a warning voice come from the
tomb, saying to all of us, "Be ye also ready."
j Two of our colleagues have fallen in the midst of
i their labors, and we have followed them to the
i narrow house where all must he. In life we are
j m death; and this lesson, which accompanies us
! from the cradle to the grave, is among those mer-
; oful dispensations of Providence which teach us
: how transitory are the things around us, and how
| soon they must be abandoned for an existence
i with no hope but that which is held out by the
i Gospel of our Saviour. And now another solemn
1 warning is heard; and this time it will carry
| mourning to the hearts of twenty millions of peo-
; pie. Impressively has it been said and repeated,
1 "A great man has fallen in Israel." In the prov-
i idenee of God the Chief Magistrate of the Repub-
j lie, to whom his fellow-citizens had confided the'
i high executive duties of the country, has been
I suddenly taken from us—ripe, indeed, in years
| and honors, and but the other day in the full pos-
I session of his health, and with the promise of
years of faithful and patriotic services before him.
' The statesman, occupying as proud a position as
this world offeis to human hopes, has been struck
down in a crisis which demanded all his firmness
and wisdom. The conqueror upon many a battle-
field has fought his last fight and been vanquished.
The soldier who had passed unharmed through
many a bloody fray has fallen before the shaft of
the great destroyer. How truly are we told, that
there is one event unto all! The mighty and the
lowly descend to the tomb together, and together
ate eove ed with thecold clod of the valley; and
thus pass away the honors and the cares of life!
The moment is too solemn and impressive for
labored addresses. Thoughts, not words, are the
tribute which it demands. History will do justice
to the deceased patriot. He will live in the mem-
ory of his countrymen, as he lived in their hearts
and affections. His^ active life was spent in their
service, and in those scenes of peril, of exertion,
and of exposure, which it is the lot of the Ameri-,
can soldier to encounter, and which he meets with-
out a murmur, faithful to his duty, lead him where
it-may, in life or in death. His splendid military
exploits have placed him among the great captains
of the age, and will be an imperishable monument
of his own fame and of the-glory of his country.
In the disparity of force, they carry us back for
similar examples to the early ag.es of the world—
to the combats which history has recorded, and
where inequality yielded to the exertion of skill
and valor. But I need not recur to them; are they
not written in burning characters upon the heart
of every American?
Strong m the confidence of his countrymen, he
was called to the Chief Magistracy at a period of
great difficulty—more portentous, indeed, than'
any we have ever experienced. And now he has
been called by Providence from his high functions,
with his mission unfulfilled, leaving us to mourn
his loss and to honor his memory. His own last
words, spoken with equal truth and sincerity,con-
stitute his highest eulogy: " 1 am not afraid to
die," said the dying patxiot. "I have done my
duty." The integrity of his motives was never
assailed or assailable. He had passed through
life, and a long and active one, neither meriting
nor meeting reproach; and in his last hour the con-
viction of the honest discharge of his duty was
present to console, even when the things of this
life were fast fading away.
Let us humbly hope that this afflicting dispen-
i sation of Providence may not be without its salu-
| tary influence upon the American people and upon
j their representatives. It comes in the midst of a
| strong agitation, threatening the most disastrous
consequences to our country, and to the great
cause of self-government through the world. It
is a solemn appeal, and should be solemnly heard
and heeded. His death—whose loss we mourn—
will not be in vain, if it tends to subdue the feel-
ings that have been excited, and to prepare the va-
rious sections of our country for a mutual spirit of
forbearance, which shall insure the safety of all
by the zealous cooperation of all. We could offer
no more appropriate nor durable tribute to departed
worth than such a sacrifice of conflicting views upon
the altar of our common country. In life and in
death he will have equally devoted himself to her
service and her safety.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Secretary, I must ask the
Senate to pardon me for venturing to add to what
has been said, the expression of the profound re-
gret with which, in common with the Senate and
the country, I have learned the sad event which
has been announced to-day.
A life of public service, hardship, danger, and
gloryhasbeen suddenly elosed. That Piovidence
which protected the late President amidst the perils
of his long, faithful, and splendid military career,
and which permitted him to reap the harvest of
admiration and affection which had grown up for
him in the hearts of his countrymen, has removed
him from us before the measure of his usefulness
was full. That life which was ever devoted to
the service of his country, was yielded up while
he was in the discharge of the highest civil trusts
—trusts not sought by him, but imposed upon him
by the people. To the performance of those trusts
he had brought the pledges of an unstained life,
of a pure and fervent patriotism, of stern integ-
rity, of a kind and benignant temper, of unyield-
ing firmness, and of unmixed devotion to the wel-
fare of that country which he had served so well,
and which so freely and worthily bestowed its '
confidence on him.
Few men have had better fortune than he—none
belter deserved it. The virtues of his simple and
modest, but heroic character, had so endeared him
to his fellow-citizens, that I am sure I may ven-
ture to say, that, even in the midst of the politi-
cal strife which he ever sought to moderate and
soften, there is not one whose heart will not throb
with emotion when he learns the death of Zach-
ary Taylor.
Mr. KING. Mr. Secretary, it is not my de-
sign, after the eloquent tribute that has been paid
