270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
IN SENATE."
Thursday, January 31, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
-the United States, made in reply to a resolution of
the 7th instant, requesting all the official corre-
spondence since the 4th March last between the
Government and its military authorities at Santa
F€, or with the authorities of the State pf Texas,
relating to the boundary, &c.
The message and accompanying documents
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of War,
made agreeably to law, showing the 'names and
salaries of all persons employed in the several
branches of the War- Department; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of citizens
of Frostburg, Maryland, urging a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLARKE presented two petitions from
citizens of Rhode Island, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
F. W. Jobson, asking compensation for his servi-
ces in carrying the mail; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post OiRce and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail roate
from Bloomington, m that State*, to Prairie du
Chien, in Wisconsin.
Also, a memorial from citizens of the same State,
asking the establishment of a mail route from Sab-
ula to Cascade; which several memorials were re-
ferred to the Committe on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Arkansas, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Rockport to Murfreesborough, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States residing in the valley of
the northwestern lakes, asking the adoption of
measures for acquiring the right to the navigation
of the river St. Lawrence, and setting forth that the
advantages of this navigation are altogether too
numerous to present in a petition, and that no
public measure could be devised that would so in-
vigorate business, give confidence and energy to
b«>th agriculture and commerce, enhance the value
of property and labor, and increase the productions
of the country, as that herein suggested.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thar the Postmaster General he directed to in-
form the Senate what length of time was occupied in the
transportation of the mail between New York and New
Orleans on each trip either way during the year 1849, and
how many failures on the said route occurred during the
said year.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following:
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be instruct
ed to inquire int^the expediency of providing by law a sal-
ary for the collector of the customs far the port and district
o( Middletown, Connecticut.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution:
R^oh-ed, That ihe Committee on MHitary^Affairs he in-
stiucred to inquire into the expediency of providing, on the
usual ennsiant fine from the Missouri river to the South
Pass of tfie Rocky Mountains, a sufficient movable military
force to protect all emigianfs to Oiegon and California.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill for the re-
lief of Joseph P. Williams, reported back the
same with an amendment, accompanied by a re-
port in writing; which were ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill in relation to donations of land to
certain persons in the State of Arkansas, reported
back the same with an amendment; which was or-
dered to' be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Charles Byrne, praying
interest on money paid to the United States for
land to which the Government could give him no
title, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the several petitions of registers and re-
ceivers of the land offices, asking additional com-
pensation for the entries of military bounty land
warrants, asked to be discharged'from the further
consideration of the same, ,a bill having already
been reported; which was agreed to,
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Committee
on Commerce, to which were referred the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan in relation
to the construction of a ship-canal around the
Falls of Niagara, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of Nathaniel Kuykendall, reported a bill
for his relief.
The bill having been read a first time—
Mx*. RUSK. I hope it will not be considered
intrusive to the Senate to ask that the bill be taken
up and acted upon at the present time. The bill
has been reported three times unanimously to the
Senate, by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post roads, and it has passed the Senate three
times, but has been lost in the other House. It
is a clear case and a just claim, and I hope the
unanimous consent of the Senate will be given to
take it up now.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and reported to the Senate.
The question was then stated, Shall it be ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. RUSK. I desire to make an explanation,
which is simply this. On the mail route from a
point in Virginia to Parkersburg there are three
separate routes. There was only one continuous
line, however, and they were let out by the Post-
master General on a contract to have the mail car-
ried in two-horse post-coaches. The three routes
were let out separately, and this individual be-
came ihe contractor for one route on this continu-
ous line", agreeing to carry the mail in a two-horse
post-coach at two thousand dollars per annum,
with the privilege m the contract, on the part of
the Postmaster General, if more speed was needed,
to increase to four-horse post-coaches. On the
ends of the line, his route being in the middle,
the contract was accepted for carrying the mail in
four-horse coaches. In addition to carrying the
mail, this individual contracted to carry passen-
gers coming on the route; but it was found im-
possible to carry in the two-horse coaches the
passengers brought on the other routes in four-
horse coaches. Then, in conscqucnce of repre-
sentations made to him, and seeing that he could
not carry it on, he increased his team to four
horses, and* came on here to the Department to
report that he had done so. He was told that the
Department would take it into consideration, but
they never did, and he was not informed that the
whole amount would not be allowed. After the
expiration of Ins contract, the whole line was let
out to a contractor having four-horse post-coaches.
The committee have added, not what he claimed,
and what he showed he might be possibly entitled
to under his contract, but what the bid was for
the succceding service, when it was carried by
four horses on the same line. j
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
RECAPTURE OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. MASON. I have in my hand a paper j
which is dtawn with very great care by a gentle-
man known to be a lawyer of much eminence, !
which paper, it has been suggested, should be !
offered as a substitute for the bill before the Sen- 1
ate in relation to the recapture of fugitive slaves. '
I have submitted it to the Senator at the head of ,;
the Committee on the Judiciary, and, as 1 believe i
it to be a better bill tha'n the one before the Senate,
and will remove many objections made by gentle-
men from the northern States, I ask that it may
be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment is as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clau?e7a,nd insert the fol-
lowing :
That, for the purpose of enabling the citizens of one State
or 'Territory to reclaim fugitives from service or labor, who
have already or may hereafter escape into some other State
or Territory of the United States, as provided for by the
third clause of the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, it is hereby made the duty
of the judges of the several district courts of the United
States, and of the judges of the superior courts of the organ-
ized Terntories, as soon as may be convenient after the
passage of this act, to appoint, m the exercise of a sound
discretion, fiorn ainongthe several peisons who may for the
time being hold office under the Government of ihe, United
State*, any numbet of commissioner;-, « ot exceeding three.
111 each county within their respective Districts and Ten To-
ries of the United States, and to cause such appointments
to be made out and certified, under their hands and the s-als
of their rcspcetivc courts, authorizing and requiting such
commissioneis to administer all necessary oath#, to examine
witnesses, and to hear and determine all cases arising under
the said clause of the Constitution and the provisions- <u ihrs
act, eoncunent with the jurisdiction hereby confem-d upon
the judges of the circuit and district courts ot the United
States, in their respective ciicuits and districts within tho
several States, and upon the judges ol the superior courts of
the Territories, severally and collectively,in term time nnd
vacation; and to giant certificates to such claimants, upon
satisfactory proof being made, with authonty to take and
remove such fugitives from seivjee or labor, unaerthe re-
sttieuoris heiein contained, to the State or Teintory from
winch such persons may have escaped 01 fled.
Sec. 2. Be it further enailed, That it shall be the duty of
all marshals and deputy marshal*, to obey and execute all
warrants arid precepts, issued under the provisions of this
act, within their respective districts, when to them directed j
and the better to enable the -^aid commissioners, when thu*
appointed, to execute their duty faithfulh and efficient!}, m
conformity with the rcquuenienls of the Constitution of the
United States and of Uut« act, they are herein authorized
and empowejed, withm their counties respectively, to ap-
point, in writing under their hands, anyone or moie suitable
petsons, from time to time, to execute all such warrants and
other process as may He issued by them in the lawful per-
formance of their respective duties; with authority to such
commiasioriois, or the persons to be appointed by them, to
execute process as aforesaid, to summon and call to their
aid tho bystandejs, or posse comitatus of the proper county,
when necessary to ensuiea faithful observance of the clause
ol the Constitution reieired to, in conformity with the pio-
visions of this act; arid all good cilizens aie heteby com-
manded to aid and assist in the prompt and efficient execu-
tion of this law, whenever their services may be required as
aforesaid for that puipose.
Sec. 3. Be itfuither enacted, That, when a person held to
service or labor in ar^y State or Temtoiy ofthe United States,
under the laws of such State or Territory,has heretofore or
shall hereaftet escape into another State or Territory of the
United States, the person or persons to whom such ser-
vice or labor may be due, or his, her, or their agent or attor-
ney, duly authorized, by power of attorney, in writing ac-
knowledged and certified, under the seal of some legal officer
or court of the State or Territory, m which the same may be
executed, may pur&ue and reclaim such fugitive person either
by procuring a warraritirom someone of the courts, judges,
or commissioners aforesaid, of the proper circuit, disruct, or
county for the apprehension of such fugitive from -en ice or
iaboi,orby seizing and arresting such fugitive, where the
same can ue done without process, and by taking, 01 causing
such person to be taken, forthwith hefoie such court,judge,
or commissioner, whose duty it shall he to hear and determine
the case of such claimant in a summary manner; and upon
satisfactory pioof being made, by deposition 01 nlhdavit, m
writing, to be taken and certified by some such court, or com-
missioner, or by other satisfactory testimony, dul\ taken and
tertiiied by some court, magistrate, justice of the pe::ce, or
other legal officer authorized to administer an oath'and take
depositions under the laws of the State or Temtoiy fiom
which such person owing service or labor may have es-
caped, with a certuieate of such masistuicy or other author-
ity, as afore aid, with the seal of the proper court or officer
thereto attached, and with pioof, also by affidavit, of the
identity of ihe person whose service or labor is claimed to
be due is aforesaid, that the person so arrested doe< in fact
owe service or laboi to the person or persons claiming him
or hei, in the State or Territory from which such fugitive
may have escaped as aforesaid, find that said pet sun escaped
into the State or Territory m which he or she was arreted,
to make out and deliver to such claimant, ins or her agent
or attorney, a certificate setting forth the substantial facts as
to the service or labor duv, from such fugitive to the claim-
ant, and of his or her escape from the State or Territory m *
which such service or labor was due to the State or Terri-
tory in which lie or she was arresied, with authority to
such claimant, or his or her ag^nt or attorney, to use such
reasonable force and lestraint as may be nece-saiv, und^r
the circumstances of the case, to take and lemove such
tugitive peison back to the State 01 Terntoiv ftom whence
he or she may have escaped as aforesaid. * In no trial or
hearing under tins act shall the testimony ot such alleged
fugitive be admitted in evidence; *nd the certificate-; m mis
and the fhst section mentioned shall be conclusive of the
light of the person or pewins m whose favor granted to re-
move such fugitive to the State or T°rntorv ftoni winch he
escaped, and shall prevent all molestation of said person or
persons bj any court, judge, magistrate, or other peison
whomsoever.
Sec. 4. Be it further cnacfed, That any person who shall
knowingly and willingly obstruct, binder, or prevent such
claimant, his agent or attorney, or any poison or persons
lawfully as-sistn,^ him. iiei, or them, fiom arresting such a
fugitive from service or laboi, cither withoi without process
m ntoie^aid ; or shall riMiit:, or attempt to rescue, such
fugitive from sen ice or labor, from the custody of Mich
claimant, his or her agent or attorney, or other person or
persons lawfully a-^Nung as aloresaid, when so airestt-d,
pursuant to the authority herein given and declared ; or
shall aid, abet, or assist such person so owing service or
