THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Having announced to you, fellow-citizens, this
most affitctmg bereavement, and assuring you that
it has penetrated np he^rt with deeper grief than
mine, it remains for me to say, that i propose this
day at twelve o'clock, in the Hall of the. House of
Representatives, in the presence of both Houses of
Congress, to take the oath prescribed by the Con-
stitution, to enable me to enter on the execution of
the office which this event has devolved" on me.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
The reading of the message having been con-
cluded—
Mr. MORSE rose and said, that in accordance
with the suggestion contained in the melancholy an-
nouncement which had just been read from the
Clerk's de3k, he (Mr. M.) .would move that the
House now take a recess until twelve o'clock—at
which time they would be in readiness to receive
the Senate, and the President of the United States,
who would then take the oath of office presQjibed
by the Constitution.
Mr. WINTHROP said, it seemed to him that,
as the President of the United States had ex-
pressed his intention to present himself in the
House of Representatives for the purpose of taking
the oath of office, it would be no more than he-
coming that the Ilouse should appoint a commit-
tee to wait upon him and inform him that the
House would be ready to receive him at twelve
o'clock, for the purpose indicated.
Mr. MORSE. I accept the suggestion.
Mr. WiNTHROP. I therefore move that a
committee be appointed on the part of the House
to join such committee as may be appointed by
the Senate, to wait upon the honorable Millard
Fillmore, and inform him that the House will be
in readiness to receive him this day at twelve
o'clock, in order that the oath required by the Con-
stitution of the United States may be administered
to him.
The SPEAKER stated the question on the mo-
tion of Mr. Winthrop, and it was unanimously
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Of what number does the
gentleman'from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
propose that the committee shall consist?
Mr. WINTHROP. Three on the part of the
Senate and three on the part ofthe House—being,
I believe, the usual number.
Ordered accordingly.
And the following gentlemen were appointed by
the Speaker the committee on the part of the
House, viz: Messrs. Winthrop, Morse, and
Morehead.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion of the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Morse,] that the House take a recess until
twelve o'clock.
Mr. MORSE suggested that the motion should
be modified so as to read " five minutes before
twelve."
The SPEAKER said there was no necessity for
any formal change in the motion. The Speaker
could, if necessary, resume the chair a few minutes
before the time designated.
The House thereupon took a recess.
At thirteen minutes before twelve o'clock—
The SPEAKER resumed the Chair.
A message was received from the Senate, by L.
H. Machin, Esq., Chief Clerk thereof, informing
the House that that body had passed a resolution
proposing the assembling of the two Houses in
the Hall of Representatives, to witness the admin-
istration to the President of the United States
of the oath to support the Constitution, to enable
him to enter upon the discharge of his duties; and,
also, that the Senate had concurred in the resolu-
tion of the House for the appointment of a joint
committee to wait upon the President of the United
Spates,and that they had appointed Messrs. Soule,
Davis of Massachusetts, and Underwood, on
their part.
The message having been read—
Mr. ASHMUN suggested, that as each House,
acting separately, had adopted resolutions of a
similar purport, which had passed each other be-
tween the two Houses, he supposed it would not
be necessary to act upon the resolution just com-
municated from the Senate; and he moved, there-
fore, that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, suggested, tl^at
the more appropriate mode would be, to concur in
the resolution, rather than to lay it upon the table.
The SPEAKER said that a similar resolution
had already been passed by the House, and that
there was no necessity for concurrence in this.
Thereupon the resolution of the Senate was laid
upon the table.
The SPEAKER again vacated the chair.
At six minutes before twelve the SPEAKER
resumed the Chair.' A pause of several minutes
followed.
Ax twelve o'clock—
Mr. MORSEappeared at the bar, introducing the
honorable William Cranch, Chief Justice of the
District and Circuit Court of the United States,
who ascended the Clerk's platform and took a seat
thereon, a little to the right of theSpeaker.
At four minutes past twelve—
The Senate of the United States, preceded by
their Sergeant-at-Arms and.Secretary, entered the
Hall (the Speaker and members of the House
rising to receive them) and took the places assigned
to them in the area in front of the Speaker's chair.
The Speaker and the members of the House
then resumed their seats.
Immediately afterwards—
His Excellency Millard Fillmore, President
of the United States, appeared at the bar of the
House, supported by Messrs. Souxw ofthe Senate,
and Winthrop of the House of Representatives,
and accompanied by the other members of the
joint committee, and by the Cabinet of the late
President of the United States.
The Speaker and members of the House rose to
receive them.
The President of the United States was con-
ducted to a seat on the Clerk's platform, immedi-
ately in front of the Speaker's chair.
The Speaker and members of the House then
resumed their seats.
-After a pause of a few moments—
The SPEAKER rose and said: "The oath of
office will now be administered to the President of
the United States, by Chief Justice Cranch."
The President and the Chief Justice thereupon
rose—
And the President read, in a firm and audible
voice, the following oath of office, prescribed by
the Constitution of the United States:
" I, Millard Fillmore, do solemnly swear that I
will faithfully execute the office of President of
the United States, and will, to the best of my
ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Consti-
tution of the United States."
The Chief Justice (Cranch) then administered
the oath.
After which the President and Chief Justice re-
sumed their seats.
A brief pause followed.
And then the President rose, and, accompanied
by the committee, left the Hall, followed by the
Cabinet, the Senate, &c., (the Speaker and mem-
bers of the House rising as when they entered.)
A further pause followed.
A message, in writing:, was then received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of George P. Fisher, Esq.
Whereupon,
The SPEAKER rose and addressed the House,
as follows:
Gentlemen: Your session of yesterday was
brought to an early close by the announcement of
the dangerous illness of the President. It is my
duty to-day to lay before you an official commu-
nication of his Heath. It is my purpose simply
to make the announcement, not to dwell upon it;
that duty will more properly devolve upon others.
Whilst, gentlemen, our own body has been pecu-
liarly exempt during its present sittings, from the
faiality which usually attends a protracted ses-
sion, we should not be regardless of the solemn
warnings which Providence has extended to us in
the death of those associated with us in the ad-
ministration of our National Government. The
victims who have been summoned to the tomb
have been less remarkable for their number than
their exalted character and position.
For the first time in our history has the Chief
Executive of the Union been stricken down du-
ring the session of Congress. It devolves a novel
and solemn duty upon the representatives of the
people. As the organ of this House, delegated
with the mere expression of its resolves, I'feel it
appropriate to indulge in no suggestions of my
own, or expressions of personal emotions. I
cannot, however, forbear from uttering the confi-
dent assurance that it will be your melancholy
satisfaction to' adopt the most appropriate mani-
festations of ihe profound sensibility which this
afflicting dispensation must 'awaken throughout
-the Union, and to concur in every mark of respect
to the memory of the distinguished patriot who
has been so suddenly summoned from the high
honors and responsibilities of the Chief Magis-
tracy, to which he had been called by his grateful
countrymen, to the repose of the grave.
The Message was then read, as follows:
FellowVitizens of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives:
A great man has fallen among us, and a whole
country is called to an occasion of unexpected,
deep, and general mourning.
I'recommend to the two Houses of Congress to
adopt such measures as in their discretion thfey may
deem proper, to perform with due solemnities the
funeral obsequies of Zachary Taxlor, late Pres-
ident of the United States; and thereby to signify
the great and affectionate regard of the American
people for the memory of one whose life has been
devoted to the public service; whose career in
arms has not been surpassed in usefulness or
brilliancy; who has been so recently raised by the
unsolicited voice of the people to the highest civil
authority in the Government—which he adminis-
tered with so much honor and advantage to his
country; and by whose sudden death, so many
hopes of future usefulness have been blighted
forever.
To you, Senators and Representatives of a na-
tion in tears, I can say nothing which can alle-
viate the sorrow with which you are oppressed.
I appeal to you to aid me, under the trying cir-
cumstances which surround me, in the discharge
of the duties, from which, however much 1 may
be oppressed by them, I dare not shrink; and I
rely upon Him, who holds in his hands the desti-
nies of nations, to endow me with the requisite
strength for the task, and to avert from our coun-
try the evils apprehended from the heavy calamity
which has befallen us.
I shall most readily concur in whatever measures
the wisdom of the tsvo Houses may suggest, as
befitting this deeply melancholy occasion.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, July 10, 1850.
The reading of the message having been con-
cluded—
Mr. CONRAD said:
Mr. Speaker: In accordance with a wish ex-
pressed by many members, I have prepared a "res-
olution adapted to the melancholy event which
has just been announced, and which I purpose to
offer to the House. Before doing so, however, I
would do violence to my own feelings, as a repre-
sentative of that State of which the illustrious de-
ceased was a citizen and the brightest ornament, if
1 did not offer some remarks appropriate to the
melancholy occasion on which we are assembled.
Seldom has an event occurred which more stri-
kingly illustrates the uncertainty of life and the in-
stability of all earthly greatness than the one' we
are called upon to deplore.
A few days ago General Taylor was in his usual
robust health. On the fourth of this month he at-
tended some ceremonies which took place in com-
memoration of the anniversary of our national
independence. As the ceremonies occuired in the
open air, it is believed that the exposure to a heat
of unusual intensity produced the malady which,
at about half past ten last night, terminated his
earthly career. A great patriot has fallen ! A
great benefactor of his country has departed from
among us! In a few hours a nation will be
plunged in mourning, and the voice of lamentation
will ascend from twenty millions of people !
ft is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, to dwell at
leneth, on this occasion, on the public career and
the military achievements of General Taylor.
These belong to the history of his country, and are
deeply engraven on the memories and the hearts of
his countrymen. I prefer to dwell on those minor
traits of his character which, as they exert a less
perceptible influence on the destinies ot nations, are
too often overlooked by historians.
General Taylor's was not one of those characters,
of which history furnishes many conspicuous ex-
amples, in which many defects are concealed amid
the dazzling splendor of a single virtue'. On the
