272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J9.11, 317
propriety of making a special order of this reso-
lution. As there are already special o<ders for
Monday and Tuesday, I would propose Wednes-
day next. .
Mr. ICING. I am opposed to this course of
proceeding which is becoming so common in the
Senate, of making every matter, great or small, a
special order, and assigning font a particular day.
By such a mode of procedure we embarrass our
proceedings, and we prevent the dispatch of our
business m theordinary way. How manyspecial
orders have we now, sir, overriding each other?
We have so many that they obstruct our business,
for we cannot get at any question on the general cal-
endar until these special orders are disposed of. It
appears to me that if the Senate would pursue the
course which has been usual heretofore, of making
special orders of such subjects only as arc of great
magnitude and importance, and which gentlemen
might desire to come prepared to discuss, we
should get on much more speedily with our busi-
ness, and examine the subjects with greater care
than by ranking so many special orders.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senate, a day or two
since, adjourned over on a special order at my
suggestion, and I must insist, as it is before the
Senate, that it be disposed of before I can acquiesce
in any other special oider ihat may come in con-
flict with it. My friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Dayton?] would have addressed the Senate yester-
day^ hail he not been indisposed, on the bill in re-
lation to the enforcement of that part of the Con-
stitution which provides for the surrendering of
fugitive slaves. My friend from Virginia has the
floor to-day on a subject which will come up at
one o'clock. After he shall have made his remarks,
] shall insist on calling up that order; and I beg
further to state, that after 1 shall have heard all the
views in relation to that bill, suggesting amend-
ments, one way or the other, I pledge myself to
acquiesce in any reasonable amendment which
shall meet the concurrence of the Senate, and I
will endeavor to pass the bill at as early a day as
possible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope, sir,
that in this struggle for precedence of business, it
will not be forgotten that this day was assigned by
the Senate to take up the census bill, which is,
perhaps, quite as pressing a rftatter as the resolu-
tion which is now proposed to be made a special
order. Some of the gemlemen on the other side
seem anxious, very anxious, to pursue another
course to-day, and f have yielded to them, but with
the hope and expectation that I may not be sup-
planted and driven out of court, i give up this
day to the gentleman, and after that ! hope he will
take up nothing more, but help me to take up this
census bill and go on with it till it is finished.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall certainly allow the
census bill to be taken up at as early a day as 1
can consistently with my duty to the other bill,
and the object of the honorable Senator therefore
would be attained by this bill being taken up im-
mediately after the honorable member from Vir-
ginia has made his remarks.
Mr. SM ITH. I entirely concur in the remarks
made by the honorable Senators from Alabama
and South Carolina, that tins principle of making ;
special orders of resolutions and propositions of ;
every variety of character, having a short debate ]
on them and then laying them on the table and j
proceeding to the consideration of some other sub- j
ject, and so on indefinitely, taking no vote on
anything whatever, is calculated to delay and em-
barrass the pu'dic business to a very gieat degree.
I .shall, therefore, not insist on the motion which
1 have submitted to the Senate, and I trust that
the Senate, at some convenient and eatly day,
will allow me to address some observations to the
Senate in answer to the speech of the honorable
Senator from Maine. I withdraw the motion.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
OBITUARY.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
" Mr. President. I am directed to inform the Seriate of the
decease of III ' Hon. Rudolphus DiOKivsos. a member
elfci ot tin; present Con-Tit:--, and the proceedings of the
House tin* day adopted ihercon."
The Secretary having read the resolutions of
the House of Representatives—
Mr, CORWIN. It will be remembered bythose
members of the Senate who were present at the
special session of March last, that the death of
Mr. Dickimson was announced by my colleague,
[Mr. Chase.] On that occasion the customary
luneral honors were paid to him by the Senate. At
the present ume I will merely ask the Secretary to
read the proceedings and the resolutions tften
adopted by the Senate.
The Secretary read the following from the Jour-
nal of the Senate of the proceedings of Tuesday,
the 20th of March, 1849:
" The President pro tempore Jaid before the Senate a
letter fioui Thomas J,Campbell, Oleikof the Hou^e ot
Representative?, suiting that the IJon. Rudolphus Dickin-
son, late a member of the House ot .Representatives ot the
United estates from the State of Ohio, uepain d this lite in
Washington this morning, at 5 o'clock, and that hits tuneral
citeinomes will take place. from the hall of the House ot
Representatives* to-morrow, at i'Z o'elock, inereuian: which
was read. Wheieupon—
" Mr. Cha.sk submitted the following re&olutions, which
were considered by unanimous consent, and agieed to:
Resolved, unanimvit&ly, That the members ol the Senate
have received with deep\-eiwbilit> the imonnation of the
death of the Hon. Rudolihus Dickinson, late a member of
the Hous-e of Representatives ot tiie United States and a
member elect of that House (rom the State of Ohio, and
that ihev tender to the relatives of the deceased the expres-
sion of thtir sympathy in this afflicting bereavement.
<• Resohed, That the member-s of the Senate, as a mark
of re>pt et for the memory ol the deceased, will attend h.s
I funeral to-morrow, at o'clock,and wear crape on tlie left
arm for thirty days.
" Resulted, As a futther maik of respect for the memoiy
of the* d- teased, that the Senate do now adjourn.
" Whereupon the Senate adjourned."
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Presidant, I now move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. KING. Oh, I hope not.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, will the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his motion for a moment. 1
take leave, with the permission of the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr- King,] to say, that, whilst I
hope I am as little wanting as any human being
in a desire to pay suitable respect to the memory
of those who have departed this life, especially
persons who have been co-laborers with us, 1
really think that this occasion furnishes a suitable
opportunity of saying that Congress has hereto-
fore carried this matter too far.
Mr. BUTLER. Much too far.
Mr. CLAY. It seems to me, sir, that if amem-
ber of Congress dies here during the session in
the midst of his labors, and in our own presence,
sympathy, duty, every consideration conspires to
urgeupon us the propriety of paying to his remains
the last respect that can be bestowed upon them;
but if he dies in the vacation, when Congress is
not in session, remote from us, and especially in
j the midst of his family, I confess to you that i have
| seen, and seen with much regret, for years past, a
I circumstance of that kind made the occasion for
I the adjournment of both Houses, and theinterrup-
1 tion of the public business of the country. 1 do
j not think it is necessary. I think that when a
i member dies in the midst of us here during the
j session, we should bury him in a Christian-like
; manner, and attend his funeral; but if he.dies be-
i fore thesession has commenced, weeks and months
! before the session has commenced, in the bosom of
j his family, surrounded by his own neighbors, no
i considerations of public duty seem to mc to de-
1 mand of us to take any notice of the event, how-
I ever much we may regret it. 1 am glad that this
! occasion furnishes me an opportunity for making
j these remarks.
| Now, with regard to the case before us. It oc-
j curred last session. The House was not in ses-
i sion. The Senate was. The Senate was informed
'■ of it, and the Senate took occasion to pay all suit-
able and proper respect to the memory of the de-
parted. What! Are we to buiy the unfortunate
gentleman twice? The Senate adjourned then—
why repeat the ceremony now ? If there be, as I
think, under all these circumstances, there is, no
occasion for what has been done—I say it with all
respect and deference to the other house—if there
was no occasion for what has been done there,
still less is there occasion for anything being done
here, having done what we did, and discharged all
the duties which belonged to the occasion at the
last session.
I hone, therefore, that my friend from Ohio,
whom I have no doubt is anxious rather to exceed,
than to stop short of the marks of icspect to the
memory of his deceased colleague, will feel that it
is not necessary to urge the adjournment of the
Senate, and that we will be allowed to go on witn
our duties.
Mr. CORWIN. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky has very rightly apprehended my feel-
ings and the motives which prompted me to make
this motion. I was well aware of all that had
taken place in reference to this matter, and my
views, I must say, entirely correspond with those
expressed by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. In consideration, however, of the adjourn-
ment of the House of Representatives, and the
announcement of that fact to the Senate, I thought
it was due to the feelings of the relatives of the
deceased member, as well as due to the House of
Representatives, that their resolution should be no-
ticed in some way by the Senate; and I made the
motion to adjourn simply with the view of elicit-
ing the opinions of more experienced members of
Congress than myself. I may now be permitted
to say that I am satisfied with what has already
been done, and I will not press the motion.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That the papers on file in the Senate in the case
of Caleb Swann be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That the memorial of John Tucker, on the files
of the Senate, bo refened to the Committee on Claims.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to call for the special order
of the day, as the usual hour has now arrived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the bill reported by the Senator from
Massachusetts, providing for taking the census.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, Ifi considera-
tion of the circumstances which occurred when
this subject was up before, I agreed that it should
be passed over, on the understanding that it should
be taken up at an early day. If necessary, I will
move that it be made the special order of the day
for Monday next; but, if not, I now give notice
that 1 will call it up on that day.
Mr. FOOTE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution offered
some time ago by the Senator from Michigan, in
relation to the suspension of our diplomatic rela-
tions with Austria.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate was
addressed by Mr. HUNTER, Mr. FOOTE, and
Mr. SMITH, whose remarks will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. BERRIEN next obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to Monday next.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after sometime so en-
gaged, the doors wete reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSED OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, February 1, 1850.
Mr. THURSTON rose and said : Mr. Speaker,.
I take the liberty this morning of intruding myself
on the House, for the purpose of asking it to do
me the personal favor of allowing me, by unani-
mous consent, to introduce a resolution. The
resolution proposed to be introduced is one look-
ing to the extinguishment of the Indian title to all
that part of Oregon Territory lying west of the
summit of the Cascade Mountains; for the re-
moval of the Indians now inhabiting that section,
of the Territory to some point east of those moun-
tains, and for creating the officers requisite to at-
tend-properly to Indian matters in that country-
This resolution will cause no debate; but if agreed
to, will go to the Committee on Indian Affairs as
the basis of their action on the subject. I hope,,
sir, the House will do me the favor to allow the
same to be read and agreed to.
The resolution was then read for information,,
and was adopted, as follows :
Resolved, That tin* Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
sti acted to iuqmie into the expt ditnty ol making appropri-
ation" tor the extinguishment ol tlie Indian title to all that
part of Oregon Teintory lying wc-t ot the summit of the
Cascade Mountains, and for the removal of the Indian*
then-of, to some point ea-t ot tho^e mountains.
AKo, that >aid committee be further instructed to inquire
into the propnety ol creating a Superintendent of Indian,
Affairs, and vesting the auihority m s.ud superintendent
now exercised tiy the Gov^inoi of -aid Terntoiy.
Also, that said committee he further nMrucud to inquire
what number of Indian agents will be required in :>aid Ter-
ritory for the proper maiuigement of the Jndidim thereof,,
and tire propriety of providing for the same by law..
