THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
-TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY
New Series No. }8.
asked the unanimous consentof
the House to introduce a bill, of which notice had
been given a month ago, namely, a bill to grant to
the States of Missouri and Arkansas certain
swamp lands irt said States, for the purpose of re-
Claiming; them, and increasing the value of the
lands in the vicinity thereof.
The title of the bill having been read for inform-
ation, objections were made.
So the bill was not introduced.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce certain bills, of which pre-
vious notice had been given. x
Objections were made.
Mr. CROWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which (he
said) he had given notice on the first day on
which notice could be given after the commence-
ment of the present session.
Objections were made.
election of chaplain.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the House pro-
ceed to the execution of the order heretofore
adopted providing for the election of chaplain.
maps and views.
Mr. HAMMOND asked Mr. Van Dtke to
•withdraw his motion for the present, to enable
him to make a report from the Committee on En-
graving.
The SPEAKER said, that the Committee on
Engraving had power under the rules to report at
any time. The motion made by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Van* Dykf.,] would be
the first in order after the report of the Committee
on Engraving should have been disposed of.
Mr. HAMMOND remarked that it was neces-
sary that the committee should have the power to
make the contrKct, if they were to contract for
them in time for the engravings to be furnished to
the printer. The report and resolution were read
as follows:
" In pursuance ofa resolution heretofore adopted
by this House, the Committee on Engraving re-
spectfully report, that they advertised for proposals
for engraving and lithographing the maps, draw-
ings, views, &c._, accompanying the President's
message, in newspapers printed in Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington,
and that from the bids received they are of the
opinion that the whole may be published at a cost
of from <$13,000 to $18 000. The committee, there-
fore, recommend the adoption of the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be and they
are hereby authorized to contriet for engraving the maps,
drawings, and views, accompanying the President's mes-
Piig."5, provided that the cost sliall not exceed the sum of
#iS.OOO."
The resolution having been read, and the
Speaker having stated the question to be on the
adoption thereof,
Mr. HALL rose to inquire what these maps
were. He had not seen them, and he supposed
that other gentlemen had not.
Mr. HAMMOND said that it would afford him
pleasure to reply to the inquiry of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall.] The resolution here-
tofore submitted by the Committee on Engraving
designated all the maps and views proposed to be
engraved. They consisted of thirty-one maps, (ac-
companying the President's message,) principally
geological, of mineral lands in the northwestern
parts of the country, and of twenty-four diawtngs
and views illustrating the country described m
these maps. There weie also some three or four
maps and drawings accompanying; the Report from
the War Department. All these maps were par-
ticularly named in the papers before him, but he
supposed that the recapitulation of them now
would occupy too much of the time of the House. \
The Committee did not suppose that they would j
be required to pay so much as eighteen thousand !
dollars, but they believed that they would have to i
pay at least thirteen thousand dollars; and they de- j
sired that a margin of some four or five thousand j
18
dollars should be left, that they might contract for
the work so that it might be done in the proper
manner and within suitable time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he
thought that at the last Congress there was a prop-
osition to engrave some land maps. He did not
know what progress had been made in them, nor
what the cost of the work would be. Rumor,
however, said that the amount was large. He
desired to fcnow;wherein these maps differed from
those ordered at the last Congress, and what the
cost of the latter would be.
Mr. HAMMOND said that the committee had
not deemed it their duty to look into any other
matters connected with orders made by the last
House of Representatives. The maps to which
the resolution referred, accompanied the Presi-
dent's message, and were, he (Mr. H.) believed,
made in pursuance of a law which had been
passed some years ago. He did not know that he
had anything more to say on the subject. He be-
lieved the committee had done all they could do
to have the work done at as cheap a rate as pos-
sible. That was all.
Mr. MASON called for the reading of tire reso-
lution.
Mr. HAMMOND hoped, he said, that the re-
port also would be read.
The reportand resolution wereaccordingly read.
Mr. WINTHROP said he certainly did not
rise to oppose the adoption of the resolution, but
he desired to call the attention of the House and the
country to facts which were involved in it. They
were now, he believed, in the ninth week of the ses-
sion, and they were just now adopting a resolu-
tion authorizing the Committee on Engraving to
contract for the publication of the maps, charts,
and plates belonging to the President's message; in
other words, the contract was still to be made, the
work was still to be executed, and the volume con-
taining these maps was yet to be bound, and he
supposed by the time they should get ready
to adjourn over for the purpose of putting down
the carpets for the midsummer; when they should
have got through all the business connected with
this document, and when the President's message
should be worth as much as so much waste paper,
it would then be ready for the benefit of their con-
stituents, and for the benefit of the post office, to
be franked, in cumbrous documents, to all parts of
the country. Now, this was not entirely a new-
thing. He did not intend to throw the responsi-
bility of this state of things upon the Committee
on Engraving, or upon anybody in particular.
The blame attached to all who had voted for the
contract system. He did not recollect whether he
himself was among the number.
Butit did seem to him that in view of the interest
of Congress and of the country that this contract
system ought to be revised, if not absolutely re-
pealed. He was perfectly willing to take the re-
sponsibility of allowing the public printing to go
yito the handsof theeditorof the Union, (if there
were a majority in hie favor,) or of any cither editor
orpioprietor of a newspaper, if the House could
only get the documents in season for their daily use
It was perfectly absurd—the manner in which the
printing was performed. He had his attention, a
week ago, called to an advertisement in a Boston
paper, that the Committee on Engraving of the I
House were ready to contract for the engraving
and printing of the maps, plates, &c., accompany-
ing the President's message. He had no disposi-
tion to complain if the committee were disposed to
give to his constituents the opportunity to make
what was to be made out of the execution of this
work, but he wished to call the attention of the
House to the fact, that out of this little penny-wise
and pound-foolish contract system—out of the
pitiful question, whether the publication of these
documents was to costa few dollars more or less—
they were to he delayed to the middle or the end
of the session for the President's message.
He most earnestly hoped the House would take
this matter into serious consideration, and in some
way devise a plan by which they should have the
documents belonging to their daily legislation at
the time they were engaged in that legislation, and
not until weeks and months afterwards.
Mr. CARTER said he was in favor of sustain-
ing the resolution reported by the Committee on
engraving. We are told by the chairman pf the
committee that the maps contemplated by the res-
olution are chiefly illustiativeof thegeolosy of the
northwest, and necessary to the intelligibility of
the accompanying documents of the President's
message. He was in favor of the publication of
these documents, with their illustrations, for the
same Reasons that, upon a former occasion, he had
voted for the largest number of the report on com-
merce and navigation. He held that the public
treasure is well expended in disseminating among
the people a knowledge of the current condition
and substantial interests of the republic, whether
the information relates to the natural history or
political condition of the country. This resolution
recommended itself especially to his support, for
the reason that the maps proposed by it are said
to develop, to a very considerable extent, the min-
eral wealth of the hitherto unexplored geology of *
the great Northwest. If so, their publication is
important to the Government m facilitating the sale
of the public domain, and very important, indeed,
to the vast multitude of western emigrants who are
annually exploring that region, with the view of
fixing their future homes. He was not a little sur-
prised to find the resolution opposed by the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] after having, on a former occasion,
emphatically urged upon our support the publica-
tion of the geography of the Atlantic coast, as im-
portant to the commercial interests of the country.
These maps sustain the same relation to the west
and the western emigrant that the coast suivey
and the maps thereof bear to the seaman. The
one points the mariner to a port of safety; the
other directs the western farmer to his home.
I In the course of his remarks Mr. C. yielded for
i purposes of expiation to
j Mr. WINTHROP, who said he wished lobe
j allowed to correct an error into which the gentle-
j nutn from Ohio had fallen. The honorable gentle-
i man had certainly very greatly misapprehended
I him (Mr. W.) if he had understood him to op-
I pose the engraving, or the printing, of any num-
I ber of these maps which the House might see fit
to order. His complaint had been that they were
not printed more seasonably; that by a pitiful
system of economy they had postponed the en-
graving and the printing of these maps until they
had lost all, or very nearly all, their value ; and.
that the House did not, in a liberal spirit, employ
a public printer, or enter into some arrangement
! which should insure the printing of these maps,
and the delivery of the document upon the tabled
of the members of the House, in sufficient num-
bers, within a reasonable time from its being sent
in by the Executive.
Mr. CARTER. Did not I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to say that he was op-
posed to the engraving of these maps?
Mr. WINTHROP. Not at all.
Mr. CARTER said he had misunderstood the
gentleman, then. He had supposed, and most
gentlemen in that quarter of the hall, he believed,
had supposed that the gentleman had been making
an argument in discouragement of the printing of
these maps, when he had told the House that the
document, when it came forth, would not be worth
so much white paper.
Mr. C having concluded—
Mr. FOWLER, a member of the Committee
on Engraving, said he would offer a few remarks,
for the purpose of showing that the delay of this
engraving, complained of by gentlemen, was in no
decree imputable to the committee, and that tht,re
are good and sufficient reasons for adopting the
resolutions the^have introduced.
As to the delay complained of, Mr. Fowler re-
marked, that the committee, at an early day in the
session, reported a resolution in favor of engra-
ving the maps, drawings, &c., accompanying the
President's message and other Executive docu-
ments. That resolution was objected against by
