274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
members, on the ground that the sum paid for en-,
graving- last year was large, and might be so this
year, unless timely measures were adopted to pre-
vent; and thereupon the resolution was laid upon
the table. A week afterwards, the resolution was
taken from the table, and recommitted, with in-
structions to ascertain, by such means as the com-
mittee might judge best, and report to the House
the probable cost of the engravings.
The committee thus instructed, forthwith caused
notice to he issued in several of the large cities, as
far as Boston, asking for proposals from such
artists as chose to submit them.
These proposals were to be made within a lim-
ited time. That time having expired, the commit-
tee met yesterday, and on opening and examining
the proposals, prepared and submitted the resolu-
tion now before the House. This is a succinct
and veritable narrative of this matter. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I submit it to the House whether, if un-
necessary delay be imputable to any persons, any
share of it should fall upon the committee. I am
sure the facts just stated must convince every gen-
tleman that all practicable dispatch in the matter
has been used. Arid now as to the reasons for
adopting the resolution.
That the members of this House may act un-
derstandingly, it should be known and considered
what has been done to make this engravingneces-
sary.
Sir, our predecessors, looking with a large heart-
edness, that every generous mind must commend,
to the public interest as connected with the public
domain, made provision for the survey of the
western lands and lakes and rivers connccted with
the mineral localities. The twenty-eighth Con-
gress appropriated twenty thousand dollars for
surveying, with reference to mines and minerals
in that portion of Michigan south of Lake Supe-
rior, ii under the special direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and such rules and regulations
as he may prescribe."
The twenty-ninth Congress, in the year 1846,
appropriated thirty thousand dollars for surveying
the copper region of Michigan, "Wisconsin, and
Iowa, with reference to mines and minerals.
In 1847 an additional appropriation of fifty-
thousand dollars was made for the same purpose.
The thirtieth Congress in 1848 appropriated one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for surveys; a
part of which (say thirty-six thousand dollars)
was for the purpose before stated. And in 18*49
an additional sumof sixteen thousand dollars was
voted for completing the surveys. Thus one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, let it be remem-
bered, have been expended in procuring these sur-
veys. And the work is now being completed.
The surveyors and geologists have made their
reports to the Secretaries, who have communicated
them with their annexed documents.
The true question now before us, Mr. Speaker,
is, shall the work, undertaken and prosecuted at
such an expense and for the furtherance of the
public interests, be made available by publication ?
You must print these reports, and engrave and
publish these maps and drawings, or neither the
Government nor the people will reap the least
benefit from the liberal expenditures that have
been made.
Sir, the wisdom and forecast of making the sur-
veys, is not now the matter before us. That mat-
ter was examined and disposed of by our prede-
cessors. They caused the surveys to be made.
Wt are simply to decide whether or not we will
authorize their publication. On this question, I
am sure that every member of this House who
will duly consider the resolution, and what it pro-
poses snail be done, will give it his ready support.
Mr. HAMMOND desired to say a word in re-
ply to the gentleman from Massachusetts. He
knew nothing of the expediency of having the en-
graving of this House done through the agency of
a committee. The plan suggested by the gentle-
man may be better. But no delay in the engraving
has occurred by default of this committee. In
pursuance of the 104th rule of this House, the
committee long since reported a resolution asking
the authority to contract for the engraving neces-
sary to accompany the President's message. But
the House declined at the time to grant this author-
ity, and exhibited a determination not to grant this
authority until it should know what the expense
would-be likely to amount to. The committee,
therefore, asked that this resolution should be re-
committed to them, that they might ascertain and
report to the House the probable cost. To ascer-
tain this fact, they resorted to the plan which has
given displeasure to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. They advertised in the newspapers of
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
Washington, that all who might be disposed to do
this work might have an equal chance of obtain-
ing it—that the committee might be free from the
"opportunity and suspicion of partiality, and that
by competition the bids might be brought to the
fairest rates. There is no reason that particular
individuals alone should have the opportunity of
being benefited by the contracts which are to be
made by this committee. The committee have
thrown the door open to all, so far as their action
has gone. The House, however, have the power
to correct their error, if one has been made.
If there has been unnecessary delay, the House
has caused it. It would have been more fair if
those who now complain of delay had sooner taken
a course upon this floor to prevent it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, while
this subject of maps was under consideration, he
desired to call the attention of the House to a reso-
lution which had been adopted at the last Con-
gress. He read from the Journal:
Mr. Cot.lamer, fiom the Committee on Pu-bhc Lund.', re-
ported the following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to, viz :
Resolved, That there be prepared, by the procurement of
the Clerk, for the use of this House, and the Committee
theieof on public Lands, a map of the Public lands m each
State, showing the state of the survey, and also what has
been sold; and that the same be prepared under the super-
vision of the Commissioner of the General Land Office;
arid that the said map& be revised and extended after each
session of Congress.
That resolution (he said) had been adopted at
the last session without any discussion, assuming
that the Committee on Public Lands had considered
it maturely, and that it was practicable to carry it
into execution. Since that time—he wished to call
the attention of the Committee on Public Lands to
the subject—he had been told (with what truth he
was not prepared to say) that a large expenditure
had been incurred in preparing these maps. It
was an enormous undertaking—to make maps, ac-
curate maps, of some fifteen States of this Union,
showing the amount of lands unsold in each State.
He had risen not for the purpose of interfering
with the business before them, but for the purpose
of calling attention to the resolution, and of giving
notice that he would at the earliest opportunity—
when it was in order—offer a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on Public Lands to enquire into
the expediency of rescinding or modifying the res-
olution of the last session; which he had read.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he had happened
to be a member of the Committee on Public Lands
during the last session of Congress, and he was
now informed that the maps to which the gpntle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] alluded,
were nearly ready, and would be delivered in a
very short time.
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, said he did not
know what the expense of the maps ordered
by the resolution of the Committee on Public
Luids at the last session had to do with the report
of the Committee on Engraving. There was no
pioposition before Che House to print or to engrave
these maps—none at all. When that question
came up it would be the appropriate time to dis-
cuss it. His colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Engraving, [Mr. Hammond,] had re-
ported a resolution for the engraving of certain
maps; the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Winthrop] had not at all objected, as
he (Mr. E.) understood, to the printing. The
gentleman had only contended that hereafter it
should be done in the appropriate time. The
whole point was, that it should be done as soon as
it could. These maps had always heretofore been
engraved. Nobody proposed to put an end to
this system at all.
■ Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, [Mr E. yield-
ing for explanation,] said, as the gentleman from
Maryland seemed to have looked into this matter
somewhat, he desired the gentleman to inform the
House, if he were aware of the fact, how much the
preparation of that map had cost the Government?
or how much, if carried through as provided by
the resolution, it would cost the Government.
Mr. EYANS (continuing) replied that he did
not know anything about the cost of the map as
ordered by the resolution of the Committee on
Public Lands. The gentleman from Missouri
the chairman of that Committee, [Mr. Bowlin,]
had once informed him (Mr. E.,) that that map
would cost $20,000; he had heard from another
source that it would cost $40,000. The gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] had said it
would cost $80,000 But certainly there was no
proposition now under consideration to print tha£
map. The whole question was whether they
would adopt the resolution from the Committee on
Engraving. Such a resolution had always hereto-
fore been adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi;, (in his seat.)
I have no objection to it at all.
Mr. EYANS, concluding, said he did not know
that by doing so the publication of the President's
message would be delayed longer now than it had
bean in former years. This was not a new state
of things. As he did not see the propriety of get-
ting into a long debate on the sabject, he would
move the previous question. He however with-
drew it at the request of Mr. McWjllie, and un
pledge of its renewal.
Mr. McWILLlE stated, that he did not intend
to detain the action of the House on the resolution
under consideration; lint that, as chairman of the
Committee on Printing, he felt it his duty to make
a few remarks, more especially as the conduct of
the contractor for the public printing had been
drawn into the discussion;and from remarks made,
it might be inferred that the printing of the Presi-
dent's Annual Message and accompanying docu-
ments had been improperly delayed. - He thought
it due to the contractor to say, that he has under-
stood, from reliable sources, that the President's
Message with accompanying documents is print-
ed, with the exception of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and that they will be ready-
for delivery so soon as the necessary plates which
accompany them are delivered to him by the Com-
mittee on Engraving. In this view of the matter
no blame attaches to the printer of this House.
Mr. McW. further remarked, that he would state
for the information of the Committee on Engra-
ving, that the President's Message and accompa-
nying documents will make two volumes; and
the first volume will contain all but the report of
the Secretary of the Interior; and that the engra-
ving of the plates for the first volume has already
been executed for the Senate, and that the* first
volume is ready for delivery to the Senate. In
this state of the matter, he would suggest that both
time and money would be saved by having the
printing of the maps of the first volume of the
House document printed by the engraver of the
Senate.
Mr. McW. further remarked that, while he had
the floor, he would state, for the information of
the House, that he was informed by the printer
that the calendar had been regularly furnished on
Fridays, and the orders of business on Mondays,
since the organization of the House, and gener-
ally that the printing was in the usual state of for-
wardness, and that the documents of the members
would generally be found in the document room,
subject to the order of members. And further,
that it was not usual, nor was it expected, that he
should place a journal of the preceding day's busi-
ness on the table of each member. It was scarcely
possible for the printer to do this, as he would be
obliged to obtain it from the Clerk, who could
scarcely by possibility furnish it in time to be
printed for the daily use of the House.
Mr. McW. remarked that each member of the
House could, if he desired it, have a journal of the
previous day's business, sufficiently accurate for
[ all practical purposes, by ordering the Congres-
| siortal Globe to be placed upon his table, and he
! had understood that this was in fact the reason
! why each member was allowed twelve copies of
: that paper.
Mr. HARALSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a sccond. The main question was
ordered, and having been taken, the resolution
was adopted.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
The SPEAKER said that the question now be-
fore the House was on the motion of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,] that the
House proceed to the execution of the order here-
tofore adopted in relation to the election of Chap-
lain.
