1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative,
The House proceeded to vote for Chaplain
viva vocc.
The SPEAKER said that the Clerk would
report the names of gentlemen who had been
heretofore nominated.
„ Mr. SAVAGE made the point of order that the
election of Chaplain should be postponed until the
first Monday of March, 1851—the day to which
the election of Postmaster and other officers had
been postponed. If the Chaplain was an officer
of the House, he was included in the resolution
of postponement heretofore adopted, and his
election must take the same course as that
directed jn the case of the other officers. If he
was not an officer of the House, then the House
would be doing a business which they had no
right to do in proceeding to elect him. The reso-
lution embraced all the officers.
The SPEAKER said he had no difficulty in
overrultns; the point of order.
Mr McMtlLLEN inquired of the Chair
whether the Committee on the Judiciary had
made any report on the petitions heretofore re-
ferred to them on the subject of the election of
Chaplains to Congress.
The SPEAKER said that, so far as the Chair
was informed, the committee had not yet made
any report.
Mr. McMULLEN desired to know the reason
why no report had been made.
The SPEAKER said that no debate on this or
any other matter was now in order, as the House
was proceeding to elect a Chaplain.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the election of
Chaplain be postponed until the first Monday in
March.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the motion is not in order until the House has
proceeded with the election. The House has de-
cided that it will proceed to the election, and some
action must be taken before a motion to postpone
can be entertained.
On motion by Mr. LITTLEFIELO, it was re-
solved that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER said that the nominations for
Chaplain, which were made on the 24th ult., would
be read by the Clerk. They were read, as fol-
lows:
By Mr. Croweli—L. P. Morgan, Methodist
Episcopal.
By Mr. Venable—R. W. Cusbman, Baptist.
By Mr. Newell—L. S. Beebe, Presbyterian.
By Mr. Wilson—R. R. Gurley, Pj-esbyterian.
By Mr. R. H. Stanton—Levi R. Reese, Meth-
odist Episcopal.
By Mr. Moore—H. S. Porter, Central Presby-
terian.
By Mr. Hibbakd—Orville Dewey, Unitarian.
By Mr. McClehwand—William T. Boyakin,
Ba|yMr. R. W. Johnson—Henry Slicer, Meth-
odist Episcopal.
By Mr. Potter—J. B. Donelan, Roman Gatn-
01 Bv Mr T. L. Harris—Wm. Crow, Baptist.
Bv Mr. F.P. Stanton—C. C. Conner, Baptist.
By Mr. Underiiill—Henry Neal, Congrega-
tionalist. _ , „ . „
By Mr. Houston—John Brooks, Society of
PrByMr. McLANAHAN-Geo. H. Coffee, Metho-
dist Episcopal. ,,,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he would
withdraw the name of the Rev. Mr. Sheer. He
had nominated the gentleman without his knowl-
edge and consent, which he thought he should
have obtained first. _
Mr. POTTER withdrew the name of the Kev.
MM? PARKER nominated the Rev. George W.
Mitchell, of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Mr. McLANAHAN withdrew the name of the
Rev. Mr. Coffee. ... ,,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, withdrew the
name of the Rev. Mr. Conner.
Mi SWEETSER renominated the Rev. iur.
Morekn, of the Methodist Episcopal Church,
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Crowell,
Venaele, Newell, and Parker to act as tel-
lers.
The roll was then called the first time, and the
tellers reported that 186 votes had been cast; ne-
cessary to a choice 94; of which
The Rev. Robert W. Cushman received . .41
The Rev. Ralph R. Gurley 38
The Rev. L. P. Morgan 33
The Rev. Levi L. Beebe 24
The Rev. Orville Dewey 18
The Rev. Wm. F. Boyakin.
The Rev. Wm. Crow 
The Rev. Levi R. Reese 
The Rev. Geo. W. Mitchell.
The Rev. Geo. H. Coffee ...
186
The following is the vote in detail:
FortheRev Mr. Gurlej—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Bowie,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Dimmick, Dixon, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Giddincs, Gott, Coukl, Houston, Howe, Jackson,
John A. Km?, McKissock. Robert M. MeLnne, Moreliead,
IWoiton,Nelson. On--, Ouilaw, Peaslee, Peck, Phoenix, Put-
nam, Risley, Rninsey, Silvester, Taylor, Vinton, White,
Witmot,:nid Wintbrop. „
For the Rev. Mr. Beehe—Messrs. Bliggs, Brooks, E. 0.
Cabell, Calvin, C;i-ey. Clark, Cole, Conger, Dickey, Doty,
Duer, Hay, Hehard, J. G. King. Preston Kins, Menchnm,
Pitman, Potter, Rockwell, Spalding, Stiong, Toombs, Van
Dyke, and Wildnek.
'For Kev. Mi. Cushman—Messrs. Alston, Andrews, Artie,
Averett, Bayly, William J.Brown, Duel,Burrows,Chandler,
W R. W. Cobb. Colcoek. Dame!, Disney, Duncan, Dunham,
Featherston, Hammond, IlnllKlay, Holmes, Howard, Kauf-
man, Georg" G. King, Job Mann, McDonald, MeGnugliey,
MeQueen, McWilhe, Million, Morris, Morse, Oir, Phelps,
Powell, Seitdon. Shepperil. Jacob Thompson, Jas. Thomp-
son Thurman, Venable, Wallace, and Woodwaid.
For Rev. Mr. Morgan—Messrs. Ale\andei, Anderson,
Bay Boyd, Allien G. Brown, Carter,Cleveland, Corwin,
Crowell,' Debeiry, Fitch, Goiman, Miam G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris,Havmoml. Hil'iard, Hongland, Inge, Andrew
Johnson Robert W. Johnson, I.effler, Mason, Matteson, Mc-
Mullen, Meade, Saekett, Savage, Sehermerliorn, Sprague,
gvveetser, William Thompson, Walden, and Waikins.
For Rev. Mr. Dewey—Messrs. Baker, Campbell. Alex. ,
Evans Fuller, Goodenow, Grinnell, Ilemy, Hibbaid, Julian, \
Daniel P. King, Littlefie'.d, Horace Maml, Root, Sawtelle, j
Sehenck, Stolon, Waldo, jiui WiNon. i
For Rev. Mi. Bovakin—Messrs. Hissell, J. Cable, Green, |
Hall, Hubbard, Riehaidson, arid Young. '
For Rev. Air. Porter—Messrs. ISreck, ireedley, Gentiy,
Hallowav, Hampton, Marshall, Jones, James L. Johnson,
McLanahan, Finis E. McLean, Moore, Ogle, Itobbiie-, Jas. I
B. Thompson, and Williams.
For Rev. Mr. Reese—Messrs. George A. Caldwell, Kerr,
and Richard H. Stanton.
For Rev Mr. Mitchell—Messrs. Edmundson and Parker,
For Rev. Mr. Crow—Messrs. Albertson, Harlan, Thomas
L. Harris, and Robinson.
For Rev. Mr. Coffee—Mr. Frederick P. Ptanlon.
No choice.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the further exe-
cution of the order be postponed until the first
Monday in March.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, withdrew the
name'of the Rev. Mr. Reese; and
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, withdrew the name of
the Rev. Mr. Crow.
The roll was then called the second time. 1 he
tellers reported that 183 votes had been cast; ne-
cessary to a choice 92; of which
Rev. Mr. Gurley received 
Rev. Mr. Cushman 45
Rev. Mr. Morgan ob
Rev. Mr. Dewey j®
Rev. Mr. Porter 14
Rev. Mr. Beebe I*
Rev. Mr. Boyakin  (l
183
Mr. MOORE withdrew the name of the .Rev.
Mr. Porter. . . „
The roll was then called the third time. Ihe
tellers reported that 184 votes had been cast; ne-
cessary to a choice 93; of which
Rev. Mr. Gurley received I to
Rev. Mr. Cushman  41
Rev. Mr. Morgan  <>U
Rev. Mr. Dewey  6
! 184
The following is 6he vote in detail:
po> Rev. Mr. Ginley—Messis Andrews, Bayly, Bingham,
Bissell. Booth. Bowie, Breck, Brisss, Brooks, Buel, Chester
Butler, T. B. Butler, E. 0. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Ca vol,
Campbell, Cartel, Casey, Chandler, Clark^Cleveland, C ling-
man H Cobb, Cole, Conger, Dieltey, Dimmick, Dixon,
Duer A. Evans, Nathan Evans. Fowler, Freedley, Gentry,
Gerrv, Goings, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Urm-
noll,"Hallowav, Hampton, Hai)an,IIay, Haymond,Hebard,
Hmrv Houston, Howe, Jackson, JamesL. Johnson,Julian,
Keir, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Freston King, Littlefield, Marshall, McKis-
sock, Robert M. McLane, £it s E. McLean, McMullen,
Meaeham, Meade, Miiteon, Moore, Morphead, Mor,««, Mor-
ton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pea&ee, Peck, Phoenix,
Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Richardson, Risle% Bobbins,
Rockwell, Rumsey, Saekett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Scheraier-
horn, Silvester, Spalding, Alexander H. Stephens, Stiong,
Taylor, John 13. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Van Dyke,
Venable, Vmton, Waldo, Waikins, White, Wiklrick, WU-
mot, Wilson, Winthrop, and Wood.
For Rev. Mr. Cu«hman—Messrs. Alherfson, Alston,
Averett, Albert (2. Brown, William J. Brown, Burrows,
Colcock, Daniel, Disney. Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson,
Featherston, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Holli-
day, Howard, I-Iubhatd, Itiep, Robeit W. John>on, Kauf-
man, Leffler, Job Mann, McDonald, McGaughey, McLiuia-
han, McWilhe, Morris, Oir, Parker,PluMp*, Powell, Robin-
son, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Walden, Wallace, and
Woodward.
For Rev, Mr. Morann—Messrs, Alexander, Ardei>on.
AshP, Bay. Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, W. IX. W. Cobb,
Coi win, Cjowell, Doty,Fitch, Green, Hall, I&ham G. Hams,
Flihhaffl, Ifilliard, Hoogland, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Ma-
son, Matteson, McQueen, Savase, Shepperd, Sprcujne,
Sweeper, William Thompson, Williams, arid Young.
For Rev. Mr. Dewey—Messrs. Hammond, Horace Mann,
Root, and Stetson.
The Rev. Mr. Gurley was then declared by
the Speaker to have been elected.
A motion was made to adjourn.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, expressed a wish
to have the rules suspended, to enable gentlemen
to introduce on leave bills of which previous no-
tice had been given.
The motion was luled not to be then in order
pending the motion to adjourn; which motion was
put and carried in the affirmative.
And the House adjourned till Monday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and appropriately referred :
On motion by Mi. PULLER, it was ordered that the pe-
tiiion and memorial ol Hannah Weston, of Jone;.boroj,
widow ot Josiah Weston, in the county ol Washington,
m,IV lie ui.1'11 from the files ot the Hou-o ami ret,-ne«l to
the'C unnnttre on Revolllliouaiy Pensions.
Bv Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Martha and Ann
Chase, Of Soiiieiset, Massachusetts praying for mclemiiiuea
foi French -.pollution* prior to 1SOO. Referred to the Com-
nntU'P on Foreign Aftairs.
Bv Mt M \7\N',ofMa<!?aehutfPttK: The petition ot Messrs.
Litlie & 15row n, and 28 olhei bookselling firm* in Boston,
Mn='achu-cU';, pmying tor chcap postage.
41so. the petition of O. W. Cooley ami 31 others, of Do-
ver. Massachusetts, toi the same object.
Also, the. petition ot the Ladies' Benevolent Society of
Dover. Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also the petition of Eliab Whitman and 102 olliers, ot
Nortil Bildei-water. Massachusetts, for the same object.
Bv Mr BCTLEK, of Connecticut: The memorial of
M.-.ik Tuckei and 52 others, praying a reduction of postage.
Reierred to the Committee on the Post Office anil Post
e°Bv Mr. CROWELL: The petition of C. B. Wieic, A. D.
Jacobs, and otheis, citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio,
praying tne reducnon of postage on prepaid letters to two
Cen'v'Mr FITCH: "Hie petition of certain citizens of Lo-
"ansioit Indiana, asking a i eduction of postage to two nod
a Imir cents per half ounce on prepaid letteis.
BvMi I'J'CK: The petition ot the Vermont Mutual Fire
Insurance Company, for the reduction ot postage.
liv Mt WALDO. The petition 01 John Turobull andlbS
others citizens of Tariflvillc, Connecticut, asking lor a
reduction of the present rates ol postage, making the same
uniform at two cents pe. letter of one half ounce weight;
which was refeired to the Committee on tiie Post OHice
""Al^liie'petition of Allen Kellogg and 25 others, citizens
of the town of Vernon, Connecticut, for the same object;
! winch had a fimil.n ref«renre.
Bv Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee: The petition ofsun-
dr\ citizens of Caittr county, Tennessee,praying the esuib
h-hmentof a mail mute from Khzibethum, rennessu:. to
^toekville North Crirolina: which was reierred to theCom-
in'ttee on the Post Oltice and Post Soads.
A so the petition of Fanny Moody, a-kmg a back pen-
sion Wlncii was referied to the Committee on Revolution-
''i-vMi'^lirrEK' The petition of J. J. Green end 53
n-h'er eit>V.enJ oi D-fiance count}, Ohio, for the reduction
of niM ice and the establishment of uniform rates t'1"®"'-
wis referted to the Committee oil the Post Office
""'^^fhiM-Jminn of fleth Doubleday and others, citizens
of roo;,frstivvn; A'ew yoik, for a reduction of the rates o,
po-tage. ,. oni,«13Sippi: The inemotial of Chn-
BV I ' il flatimi to a contemplated improve-
ton kii!?ht& in the Jhstrict of Columbia,
ment in the poto™'^ „( on thl; District of Columbia.
Referred LO'V-TfH \M - The petition of Captain William
Bj Mr. /)CN0"*;„';(,,v,ce5 as Assistant Quartermaster
Duerson. for pay f',r V t,ckJ Volunteers, and for other
to the f„st reg™em of iuee of Cla',1113.
purposes. T(,e petition of R. Miller, and ..0
By of Pittsliura, lor cheap postaee. Iletened
cit'iero, citiA ( {! ii ,,ib, Office and Post Roads.
t0n Mr" CON'GISR: The petition ol 20 citizens of Homer,
ISvMr. CO York, (or the establishment ot ihe
U tiers at two cents per Half
ounce.
