1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
General Taylor rather resembled Lord Nelson,
who, when about to engage the enemy's fleet, sent
to his several officers m command of his ships the
words," England expects every man to do his duty."
This was the constant aim of the illustrious man
who has just been called away from us. This
great quality which sheds such lustre upon his
name, gave him that success which so uniformly
attended him. When about to engage in battle at
Buena Vista with the overwhelming army op-
posed to him, he comprehended the danger which
invested him, but he had made up his mind that it
was his duty to stand there, and in his own beau-
tiful language, written before the engagement, he
" looked to Providence for a good result."
General Taylor's character was American—dis-
tinctly and decidedly American. He was invited
to quit the army and take the Chief Magistracy of
-the Government. He did so with unaffected re-
luctance, from a sincere distrust of his fitness for
such a station. But as in the army he had obeyed
every order of his Government, he now obeyed
the call of his countrymen, and laying aside his
•plumed hat, his epaulets, and his sword, he
entered upon the functions of his new and great
position with an honest purpose to do his duty.
•Unlike Csesar, who repelled the proffered crown
while he coveted it; he came with diffidence to the
high position to which he had been called, and
unostentatiously employed himself with its appro-
priate duties; his whole course evincing his
•profound sense of the value of constitutional lib-
erty, and his manners illustrating the beautiful
simplicity of his character.
Sir, this illustrious man is called away from us
at a moment most critical. Never have I known
the Republic in such peril as now surrounds it.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
has well said that it is so clearly an interposition
of Providence, that he is ready to exclaim, <lThe
chariots of Israel and the horsemen thereof."
Sir, I agree to this. It is an interposition of
Providence; and it comes to us in a trying hour.
But I am not dismayed. My trust in Providence
is unshaken. Our country has been delivered,
guided, made glorious, by a good Providence. It
will be so still. I remember, when the prophet
referred to by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] Was surrounded by a hostile
force, and all hope of escape seemed cut off, that
a young man who was with him cried out in great
-fear; and the reply of the prophet was, a prayer
-that the young man's eyes might be opened. He
then saw that all within the hostile lines were " char-
iots and horsemen of fire," ready to succor and
to deliver the beleaguered city. So will it be with
us. The dangers which threaten us will be averted,
and, I trust, forever disposed of.
The solemn event which has just occurred, will
arrest the angry current which has swept us on so
fiercely. It imposes a truce at least for a season,
upon contending parties. In the mean while, a
better feeling may spring up; and we may ask,
Why do we struggle with each other? Are we
not brethren?" The nation will be impressed
with the bereavement which it has suffered, and
the tide of sorrow which sweeps throughout the
country, will admonish us to agree in wise, patri-
otic, and fraternal counsels. Tiie very event which
we deplore, and which we regard as a calamity,
will be overruled for good; and He that sitteth on
high, mightier than'the water-floods, will put forth
his power and cause a.great calm.
Sir, death is at all times a solemn event; it
touches both time and eternity; it terminates an
earthly existence; it opens an immortal one. "But
this death will stii&e the world as an event marked
by moie than common solemnity. We mingle
our tears over the bier of the Chief Magistrate of a
great nation. We will honor his memory, and we
"will claim his fame for his whole country. Hence-
forth he belongs to his country, and his name is a
part of our common inheritance. His last public
act was in honor of the memory of Washington:
he fixed his eyes upon that noble monumentwhich
is rising to the skies, built up by the present gen-
eration for one whom all called blessed. By this
time he has, it may be hoped, met the revered
Father of his Country in a world where their com-
panionship will be eternal. His memory is safe—
no human events can now affect it; the great qual-
ities, fhe private virtues, the public services—all
that is precious in his memory, has received the
seal of death.
" The love where death hath set his seal,
Nor age can chill, nor nval steal,
Nor falsehood disavow."
A message was received from the Senate, by
L. H Machin, Esq., informing the House that
that body had passed a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a committee, to join such committee as
might be appointed on the part of the House, to
consider and report measures proper to be adopted,
to show the respect and affection of Congress for
the memory of the illustrious deceased, and to
make the necessary arrangements for his funeral;
and that they had appointed Messrs. Webster,
Cass, and King, the committee on the part of the
Senate.
The reading of the message having been con-
cluded—
Mr. J. A. KITNTG, said: Mr. Speaker, f desire to
say a few words on the sad and overwhelming event
which has caused us to assemble here this day. In
grief and in sorrow, in honor and respect, we are
called uoon to bow with submission to the inevitable
will of Him, in whose hands are the issues of lifeand
death—to mourn the loss ofone,who,durine:along
career of distinguished and patriotic services, had
endeared himself to the hearts of the American
people—to look firmly, but without despair, at
the sudden death of the Chief Magistrate of the
millions of freemen over whose destinies he but
yesterday presided in health and in honor—to
acknowledge and confess the eminent services
which in war he rendered to his country—to bear
our testimony to the moderation, the wisdom, and
the firmness of his conduct, as the chosen head of
the nation—to declare the hope which sprang in
every bosom, while the short struggle for life en-
dured, that that life, if not for his, for their sakes,
might be spared—to manifest, so far as words can
express them, the feelings of desolation which
reign unchecked in every bosom on account of the
sad bereavement. The character of him whom
we mourn, was made up of elements which never
fail to win the attachment and confidence of the
American people. Frank, direct, humane, yet
firm of purpose, he brought to the consideration of
I questions of difficulty, a clear and unbiassed judg-
ment—a decision which, once fairly made, never
swerved. The consequences were, success and
honor for himself and his country. Few ever
could boast a greater or a better influence over the
hearts of the people; and that generous attach-
ment which cheered him while living, will mourn
him—dead. We lament him as our glory and
defence—as the head and hope of this great Con-
federacy.
But yet we are not left without hope, without
alleviation. One yet remains to us, who is to fill
the honored chair of State—one whose public
and private character needs no eulogy—one in
whom the mild and best qualities of a statesman
are fairly mingled. Let us give him our confi-
dence; let us cheer him in the performance of this,
his unexpected and most undesired duties. Let
us cast upon him the mantle of our hopes and our
confidence, for he deserved and will honorably
wear it.
Mr. Speaker, there are those of the household
of the distinguished and lamented dead, whose
bereavement is deepest, and whose broken hearts
no human consolation can reach. Let our anxious
thoughts be directed, and our warmest sympathies
be poured out in their behalf; for they have borne
themselves gently, in the position they have been
called upon to fill. I cannot close, sir. these brief
remarks, without expressing my abiding trust
thatthe dispensations of an overruling Providence,
■whose will we may not question, may still be or-
dered for the honor, the safety, and the glory of
the Republic.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. _Mr. Speaker, 1
hope, sir, late the hour is in this day's proceed-
ings, I may be indulged in responding to an invi-
tation of some friends around me, by giving public
expression to those sentiments of personal friend-
ship and respect which I entertain for the illustrious
deceased; and when I say, sir, that my acquaint-
ance with General Taylor had its origin long
before either he or I had engaged in the heated
strifes of political life—when we both served under
the same flag, as brethren in arms—I shall not be
deemed obtrusive. He was then, sir, in command
of the army in Florida, and I was an humble offi-
cer of one of the corps of that army. At this period
of his life, he was already distinguished by those
high qualities of courage, fortitude, and virtue, in
the discharge of his public duties, as he was for
that extraord inary benevolence and kind ness which
so endeared him to his family and friends. Sir, I
formed for him then a respect and friendship which
I retained undiminished to the hour of his death,
and which shall be cherished for his memory, now
that the hand of God has- translated him from the
scene of his earthly life and trial.
Subsequently, sir, I a^ain met General Taylor,
at the head of his s&gpr in the valley of the Rio
Grande. I delivereato him in his camp at Mon-
terey, the orders of his Government, 'which an^
nounced to him, thatthe military plans and policy
of the country were to be materially modified and
changed. The northern States of Mexico, then
about to be invaded, were to be left unmolested, and
the entire military power of our people was to be
directed upon the city of Mexico, by a new line of
operations. Those operations, sir, left him to the
comparatively humble" task of a defensive cam-
paign in the valley of the Rio Grande, while the
more glorious and decisive movement upon the
city of Mexico, seemed likely to fall to the lot of
some more fortunate commander. On this occa-
sion, sir, it was my privilege and my duty to con-
fer with him fully and confidentially on the pari
•of his Government, and it afforded me, sir, the'op-
portunity to witness once more a rare display of
those qualities to which I have already referred, of
fortitude, and courage, and patience, and I must
add fidelity to the Government which he served."
It is not for me, at this moment, when I have so
unexpectedly, but I hope not intrusively, tbuched
this topic, to refer to those extraordinary events,
which soon followed, and which invested his de-
fensive position with singular and startling im-
portance, and which finally led him to the field of
Buena Vista> where he accomplished a victory so
brilliant and wonderful, that it must rest, sir, as
the crown of glory to that war, while it will
through all time adorn his fame as an illustrious
soldier. My reference to these events, sir, is thatl
may mark my association with General Taylor, to
events near to his own personal Tame and honor,
and apart from those passages in life, when he was
necessarily associated with the political and par-
tisan excitements of the country; this course en-
ables me, sir, not only to forego, btit to be alto-
gether insensihje to any influences they tnight
excite, and to render his memory on this occasion,
my most profound homage and respect. As thei
statesman, sir, he was necessarily exposed to en-
counter the strife of contending sentiment .and
opinion, and I feel happy, sir, at this instant, that
I knew him in a life of high and noble action, in
which hedeveloped the highest attributes of Amer-
ican character—patriotism. And whatever might
be the relation we would respectively hold to his
political opinions or policy, it is cheering to feel
that his life has left us all an example, displaying
qualities of the head and heart, which to cultivate
and cherish, should be our first and chief duty.
This humble tribute, plainly and I fear imperfectly
' expressed, 1 beg to submit on my own part, and
for the people I represent, with a further expres-
sion of condolence for those who remain to mourn
the loss of a husband, father,, brother and friend. *
Mr.'MARSHALL said: Mr. Speaker, silenre
is the eloquence of woe, and most appropriate
sign of submission to Him whose insciutable
decree afflicts the people. ? ,
, Were the emotions of my own bosom at tois
j moment the accepted counsellors of my action,
content to mmgle mine with the nation's tears, I
should permit this solemn occasion to pass without
- the obtrusion of a single remaik. But custom,
I and the known relations I held to the late Pres-
i1 idem of the United States, induce me to express
| here the profound sensibility with which jntelli-
|j genre of his lamented death will be received by
the Commonwealth of Kentucky. In no quarter
of our country will this blow fall with more crush-
ing force than upon the district 1 represent. There
are the erraves of his parents—liie habitations of
his kindred—the surviving associates of his youth-—
the especial friends of his matured manhood the
companions of his military adventures and the
! most numerous branches of his family connection,
j There his name was a tower of strength, as his
i fame was the pride of the people.
I I have not arisen to dwell upon his exploits, or
| to recount his many virtues. These can derive
