1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. JONES rose (be said) to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER stated that the House had or-
dered the main question to be now put, and the
main question was on agreeing to the resolution
which had been reported to the House, being the
third and last resolution reported by the select
committee.
Mr. ORRand Mr. FEATHERSTON demand-
ed the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR asked that the resolution be
again reported.
It was read accordingly.
The question, "Shall the resolution be adopt-
ed was then taken, and the result was—yeas
1X6, nays 63; as follow:
YEAS—Messr«. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashe, Averettj Bay, Bingham, Bissell, Bocock, Booth,
Bowdon, Bovtfltn, Boyd, Briegs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Burt, Joseph Cable,
George Alfred Caldwell, Jos«*ph P. Caldwell, Campbell,
Cartter. Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock Cole,
Conger, Coiwin,Daniel, Dimmick, Doty, Dnnham,Dmkee,
Edmunson, Ewmg, Featherston, Fiteh, Fowler, Gerry,
Giddmgs, Gilmore, Gott, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Harabon, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Iltbbard, Iloliaday, Hubbard, Ingf, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La Sfere,
Lefil^r, Littlefieid, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand,McDon-
ald, McDowell, McLannhan, Robert M. McLane, McMul-
len, McQueen, MeWillie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morse, Newell, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaselee, Peck, Potter,
Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Root, Rose, Ross,
.Savage, Sawtelle, Silvester, Sprague, Fredeiick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Ftanton, Stetson, Sweetser, Thomas. Jacob
Thompson, Jimes Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wallace,
Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashmnn, Bennett, Bokee, Breck,
Chester Butler, Calvin, Chandler, Clarke, Chngman. Conrad,
Deberry, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Nathan Evans, Freediey,
Genfrv, Gould, Grinneil, Haynvmd, Henry, Rilliard, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Keir, James G.
Ktns, John A. Ivins, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
MeG-nitrhev, McKi^ock, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nel-
son, Ogle, Outlaw, Phceiiix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rislev,
Rumsey, Schenck, Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, Sheppeid,
Spaiilding. Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Tavlor, Thurman, Toombs, Underbill, Wellborn,
White, Williams, and Wmthrop—63.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JONES, i now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the resolution which I
send to the Chair; and as I do not think that I
shall obtain that consent, I move that the rules be
suspended, for the purpose of enabling me to in-
troduce the resolution.
Mr. BURT. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the third
resolution of the committee was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and
to the- House, that a motion to reconsider that vote
is not in order, because a motion to reconsider has
once been made, and the vote on the adoption of
the resolution has been reconsidered, therefore no
further motion to reconsider is in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call for the orders of
the day. I understand the first business m order
to be the resolution heretofore offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser.]
Mr. JONES referred to his motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that his
resolution can be read, and, if no objection is
made, can be introduced. But a motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of enabling the gen-
tleman to present it, is not in order.
Mr. JONES. Why not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the rea-
son.
The resolution of Mr. Jones was then read for
information, as follows:
Resolved, That the amount paid as interest on the Gal-
phm claim >hould, in the opinion of this House,, be le-
funded to the Treasury by those to whom it was paid.
The resolution having; been read,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair will now
state to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] that the business regularly before the
House to-day is the consideration of a resolution
introduced some time since by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser ] That resolution was in-
troduced under a suspension of the rules; and hav-
ing been so introduced, it must be disposed of
before another motion can be made to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES. I hear no objection to the intro-
duction of my resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
Mr. JONES. I should like to have a vote on
the resolution.
Objections were made.
Mr. JONES. I should like to know who ob-
jects.
Several Voices were raised in objection.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman who objects
will rise and say so, and that his name may be
entered on the Journal.
Mr. TOOMBS. Put down my name.
So the resolutionof Mr. Jones was not received.
Mr. DANIEL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution, to which, he said,
there would, he thought, be no objection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of preparins and
reporting, as soon-as practicable, a bill with suitable penal-
ties, to prohibit all persons who are or may be employed in
any of the Executive Departments from acting as acent or
attorney, with or without compensation, in the prosecution
of any claim or demand whatever against the Government
of the United States.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER said, Is there any objection ?
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not received.
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OF ANDREW JACKSON.
Mr. HOLMES asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
In submitting: the motion, Mr. H. said a few
prefatory words, very imperfectly heard, but
of which the substance was understood to be as
follows: It would be recollected bv the House,
(Mr. H. said,) that some time since Congress had
passed a law generously giving: to the Jackson
Monument Association certain brass cannon taken
by General Jackson at Pensacola, to be used in
the construction of the equestrian statue now in
the process of erection to his mpmory. It had
b^en found that these cannon were beautiful works
of art, well worthy of preservation, and which
should never be destroyed. One of them bore a
Latin inscription, with which he was not going
to trouble the House.
[Several Voices. Give us the Latin.]
Mr. HOLMES (continuing:) was understood to
say that the translation was " the thunders of the
invincible King." General Jackson had shown
that these thunders were mere brutwn fulmen—
very empty thunders. Rut let that pass. The
committee requested that Congress would take
back these cannon; and that, in their place, they
would order the transfer of some of the old and
unserviceable pieces now lying: at the arsenal, and
which would answer every purpose.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired, he said, to 'ask
one question.
Mr. HOLMES said he would be pleased to
answer.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to know whether
this resolution had been offered upon consultation
witn the Jackson Monument Association ?
Mr. HOLMES. I have the memorial of the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ceived only by general consent. If no objection
is made, the resolution of the gentleman from
J South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] will be read,
j Mr. McCLERNAND. Read for information.
1 The resolution was read, as follows:
, Reso'ieJ, by the Senate, $'c « That the President of the
i United Slates be. and he is hereby, authorized arid requesf-
! ed to cause to he delivered to the Jackson Monument
Committee, in the citv of Washington, such old brass
I cuns. condemned as unserviceable, and not being national
i trophies, as may he sufficient material for casting the
i eauestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, now in the course of
! construction in said city under the direction of said com-
i mittee.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. STANLY suggested that it should appro-
priately take the form of a joint resolution.
The SPEAKER concurred in that opinion.
Mr. HOLMES said, he had now put the res-
olution into that form.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the communi-
cation or memorial from the Jackson Committee
j might be read.
j It was accordingly read, as follows :
j To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
i States, in Congress assembled:
j The Jackson Monument Committee beg leave to return
! its thanks to the Congress of the United States for the gift
of the cannon and mortars taken by General Jackson at
Pensacola. These pieces were given with a view to con-
version into the bronze equestrian statue, which the people
have contributed to erect in'commemoration of General
Jackson's achievements, but they have been lound, on ex-
amination, to be themselves such beautiful works of art, and
so well worthy of preservation as- national trophies, that the
Committee have concluded to apply to Congress for other
old cannon, (condemned as unserviceable and not tiophies,)
enough of which- are now lying useless in the arsenal at
this city, to complete the construction of the etatue.
This will save the fine antiquated pieces that bear the
motto of the sovereigns under whose auspices this Conti-
nent was discovered. The engra.viog on the breeches bears
the menace, of <l The thunderbolt of a violated king "—" Vio~
lati Regis Fulmina."
They should be laid at the feet of Jackson's statue to ev-
idence to the world how harmless are the thunderbolts of
kings when hurled at the men of iron, whose armor is th«
patriotism inspired by the Republic. These trophies shou'd
be preserved tor the sjlory of our country, like those taken at
Saratoga and Yorktown, and the batteries recently returned
from Mexico, inscribed with the names of the heroes who
directed tjiem and by whom they were emblazoned with
the victories of Palo Alto, Resaca, Monterey, Buena Vista,
"Vera Cruz, Cerro Gordo, Cherubusco, Molino del Rey.Che-
pultepec, and the city of Mexico.
The Jackson Monument Committee, therefore, respect-
fully solicit Congress to authorize the supply of brass (which
it designed to lurnish to make the equestnan statue of
Jackson) of such other unserviceable pieces of brass cannon,
not national trophies, as may be found in its arsenals.
By ordei of the Jackson Monument Committee.
BENJ. B. FRENCH,
JOHN C. RIVE?,
JOHN W. MAURY,
Sub-Committee of the Jackson Monument Committee.
Washington, July 15,1850.
No objection having been made-—
The joint resolution wa3 read twice by its title.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked that
the joint resolution might be read through.
And the joint resolution was read through—
And then was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HARALSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which, he
said, previous notice had been given.
Objections were made.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution, (for
the purpose of reference to a committee,) which,
he was understood to say, covered the ground taken
in the amendment offered by him in the Gal-
phin case. If objections were made, he should,
he said, move a suspension of the rules, to enable
him to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not now m order, because there is air
ready a subject before the House, introduced under
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GENTRY inquired of the Speaker what
that subject was?
The SPEAKER. It is the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser.]
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the House will pro-
ceed with the business before it. I desire to offer
a resolution making the appropriation bills the
special orders of the day.
EULOGIES ON THE LATE PRESIDENT.
On the suggestion of Mr. CONRAD, by unan-
imous consent, the House proceeded to the con-
sideration of the message from the Senate, cover-
ing an order directing the printing of ten thousand
copies for the use of the Senate, and twenty thou-
sand copifs for the use of the House of Represent-
atives, of a pamphlet containing the proceedings
and remarks in both Houses of Congress, on the
lamented death of Zachary Taylor, late Prtsid.nt
of the United States, together with the funeral ar-
rangements, and the discourse of the Rev. Dr.
Pyne on that solemn and impressive occasion.
The communication having been read—
Mr. CONRAD moved a concurrence.
Mr. WENTWORTH proposed (he said) that
the communication should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. The case belonged to that
class of printing in which the sum of $30,000 had
heretofore been paid under an order of the Senate.
Fie preferred that the subject "should go to the
Committee on Printing. If the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Conrad] should not consent, he
(Mr. W.) would be constrained to object.
The SPEAKER said, it was now too late to ob-
ject to the consideration of the resolution. No
objection having been made at the proper time, the
subject was before the House. But, at the same
time, under a law heretofore passed, it was imper-
ative on the House to refer all proposiiions rela-
ting to the printing of on extra number of copies,
to the Committee on Printing; and, in the opinion
of the Chair, if the point is insisted on, the refer-
ence must be made.
Mr. WENTWORTH said,he insisted upon the
