1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
279
Mr. TOOMBS said he desired to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER explained that there was a
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
considering the resolution-now.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 101, nays 87, (not two-thirds,) as
follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Averctt, Bav,
Bayly, JSeale, Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Bowdon, Bow-
lm, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Burt, Joseph
Cable, George Alfred Caldwell, Campbell, Carter, Cleve-
land, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coleocfc, Darnel, Dimmick,
Hknev. Dntv. Hnnhani. Dnrkne. Edmund^on. Fefithe^LOil.
Harlan, Istiani G. Hams, Sampson w linriis i nomas i,.
Harris, Hihbard, Holliday, Howard, Hubbard, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Prcstcm lunir, La Sere, Leffier,
Jjutlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McCl^rnarid, McDonald,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, Miller, Milton, Morris, Morse, Olds,
t)rr, Parker, Peaslee, reck, Phelps, Pnttes, ttichard-
poh, Bobbins, Jtobinson, Root, Ross, Savage, Fredeuck P
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Siron«, Swoeber,
Thomas. Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
Thompson, Venable, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittl^«ov, Wildiick, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—-101.
NAYS—Mesar<. Alexander, Alston, Anderson; Baker,
Bowie, Breck, Brisgs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler,
Thomas B. Butler,'E. Carnngtou Cabell, Jo&cph P. Cald-
well, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Clmgman, Conger,
Conrad,Corwin, Bftberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedlev, Goodenow, Gott. Gould,
Halloway, Hay, Havmond, Hebard, Henry, llilhard,
Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, George G. Kins, Jamftf8 G. King, John A. King, Hor-
ace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McKi^sock, Finis E.
McLean, Meaeham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, NcIkoii,
Ogle, Oiis, Outlaw, Owen, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Heed,
Ri&ley, Rockwell, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Sh*-pperd,
Silvester, Spalding. Spragtie, Stanly, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thurtnau, Underbill,
Van Dyke, Watkuia, White, Williams, Wil*on, and Win-
throp—87.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, presented the memo-
rial of S. Clayton, P. J. Walker, H. P. Coperton,
T. J. Bradford, Levi W. Lawler, and J. J. Win-
ston, of Lebanon, Alabama, asking compensation
for their services as officers in the land office at
that place, in locating military bounty land war-
rants; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FEATHERSTON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Inteiior he requested
to communicate to this House as boon us practicable, wheth-
er Chailes Borland, a citizen of the State of Ohio, has been
employed and sent by him to the State of Mississippi as
counsel, attorney, or agent of tile United States, to collect
"by suit, or Otherwise, the bonds for which the Choctaw Or-
phan Reserve Lands were s,old in said State; and it so,
under what law, what is to be his compensation, and how to
be paid. Also, to communicate to the House whether the said
Borland has been instructed to take the -collection of said
claims from the District Attorney of the United Stau for
the northern District of Mississippi; and it so, tor what iea
son, and whether said Borland i* authonzed to compromise
with the debtors by leceivmg less than the sums due on the
contracts; and if so, undei what law.
Mr. P. asked that the resolution be considered
then; and objection being made he moved a sus-
pension of the rules for the purpose,-which the
House refused to do. The resolution consequently
Amotion by Mr. FEATIIERSTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Jacob P. Mont,
somery be taken fiom the files of the House, and with the
Idditional documentary evidence he presented, be referred
to the Committee on Military Aftairs.
Mr. E. C. CABELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was rejected.
Mr BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that tne
rules of the House be suspended, for the purpose
of taking up and considering this times the: res-
'olution offered by him in relation to the Cuba
CThe question was taken, and two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
P6Mr.d McWILLIE submitted the following res-
olution, which was read, viz:
Interior, as contemplated and provided for in the act cre-
ating the latter Department.
Mr. McWILLIE moved to suspend theruleg to
have the resolution considered then; which motion
the House refused.
Mr. McCLERNAND introduced, on leave, a
bill for granting to the State of Illinois the right of
way through the public lands and for other pur-
poses; which was twice read, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a bill to establish a United States armory
and foundry at Fort Massac, on the Ohio river;
which was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, it was
Raolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he instiucted to inquire m the expediency of
establishing by law a mail loute from t'lltsfleid, Illinois,
to Now London, Missouri, and that ihey report by lull or
oMierwise.
1 Mr. RICHARDSON introduced, on leave, a
bill to authorize the issuing of a patent to John
W. Sweeney, for land in Illinois; which was read
twice and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands
r, I That the Secietary of the Treasury be directed
toSmllus BoS why afier th«; iidditior. to
™ ^cr - n a a Vef
SSs ^r^!n^h^?c=
w.UuheGene^ cX no"' 
rearrangeanil "consolidate the leniaimng business peiU""-
cierUs SSm ttlS'SSl'DSSSSeM  ?hf DepaitlnliUof the
GRANTS OF LAND TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill granting 160
acres of public land to actual settlers who shall re-
side thereon and cultivate a portion thereof for
a period of four years; which was twice read and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YOUNG, at the request (he said) of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That m order to encourage, preserve, and dis-
tubute lbl general and early reference, a lull and accurate
register of the delates and proceedings of this House, each
member of llus House he authonzed to subscribe for twelve
additional copies 01 the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
on the same terms and conditions as are prescribed by the
resolution adopted by this House 011 the l>t March, lfc'h,
authorising the original subscription by each member 01
'I twelve copies thereof: Pruvvlci, That flic proprietor and
li publisher of the Congressional Globe and Appendix shall
I continue the daily publication of the delutes and proceed-
11 in«s of the House, and that he shall furnish daily one copy
ol^said publication to each member ol tills House.
;'l The resolution having been read—
! Mr. YOUNG demanded the previous question.
; There was a second, and the main question was
;! ordered to be now taken, (beingon the adoption of
the resolution).
Mr. PEATHERSTON rose to inquire if it was
in order to ask a question.
The SPEAKER said only by unanimous con-
sent.
Objections were made.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, hoped that by
general consent the gentleman wouid be allowed to
ask the question.
The objections were persisted in.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution; which were refused.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table. , , , , j
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
Mr McLANE explained that the resolution
provided for the subscription of twelve additional
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
complete,bound,and embracing the Senate Debates;
which would make the number twenty-four—the
original resolution of 1st March, 1847, having
provided for twelve copies, and as a consideration j
for this additional subscription the proprietor was ,
hound to furnish daily a publication ot these
debates to each member that they might be te-
vised previous to their publication 111 the bound
volume. .
The question was then taken on the motion 0!
Mr. JONES, and decided in the negative without a
division. , |
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on its adoption—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that tne
House adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
And the question was then taken oil the adop-
tion of the resolution, and decided in the affirma-
tive without a division.
So the resolution was adopted. ^
Mr. McLANE moved a re-consideration ot tne
vote and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. EVANS asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The question having been then taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative—
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BAKER presented the credentials of
Hugh N. Smith, a representative from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, which were on his motion
referred to the Committee on Elections.
Mr. HOWARD moved a re-consideration of.
the vote of reference to the Committee on Elec-
tions.
Mr. BAKER gave notice of his intention to de-
bate.
The SPEAKER said, the motion must then lie
over. And the Chair having, in reply to an in-
quiry from Mr. Baker, stated that the whole
subject would he over until the motion had beea
disposed of—
Mr. BAKER moved that the motion to re-con-
sider be laid upon the table.
Mr. KAUP'MAN. I give notice of my inten-
tion to debate.
So the whole subject went over for debate.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
- Mr. BAKER gave notice of a bill, the title of
which was not distinctly heard, to make an appro-
priation for the improvement of the lower rapids
of some river.
FLOGGING OF -DISRATED OFFICERS IN THE
KAVy,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was read, viz:
Resoh'B'l, Tliat the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to this House the instances, il any, in which
petty ottieers ol Ihe Navy have, since the lstday of January
1849, been disrated, and while so disrated, punished as pri-
vates, with the colt, cat-o'-nine-tails, or by being put in
irons, foi offences committed while they were petty othcers;
and whether, alter suc-h pumslunentaloiesaid, said privates
have been rerated; and, if such instances have occurred,
that ho furiu-h the date of the disrating ot such officers, the
dates ol tneir punishment, and the manner thereor; and the
dates of their reraung, severally, to this House.
Resolved. That the Secretary ot the Navy communicate to
, tins House whcthei the punishments inflicted by hogging in
ihe navy have been in any, and if so, in how many instances,
during the \ eai 3849, for offences enumerated by law; or tor
1 otfences made such by tne usage of the sea seivice; and
: whether all punishments in virtue of the usage or the sea
: sciviee have been or aie recorded in the log. Ana that he
i further communicate to this House copies of any geneiai
' rules, regulations. or orders that have been established ny
the Nav> Department for the classification 01 punishment
of offences, and lor the internal regulation of ships m the
'sea service; and whether the same have been carefully ob-
served ; and whether the rules, regulations, and older* tor
the government of our navy are the same.on boaid all our
vessels, or whether each commanding officer fixes thein lor
his own command at his pleasure.
And that he further communicate to this House whether
the crimes and punishments embraced in ''the usages of
the sea scrvice" have ever been reduced to a written code,
and published and promulgated on board our ««hips of war;
and whether the rules and regulations for the government
of the ciews ofthe vessels of the navy are hung up in some
public part ot the ship and read once d month to the snip fe
company m compliance with law; and whethei puuuh-
nients ai e ever inflicted lor offences not enumeraleu in such
"ISdlffilS communicate to this House whether
it is within ins knowledge, officially or otherwise, that sail
ors in the United States 'service have been, (luring the year
1849, deprived of any pait of their rations by way ol pun-
i-hment; and, if so, that he state the manner theieof.
And that lie further communicate to this House the pro-
portionate number of sailor, in the United Slates service,
who have cho-en the commutation money in lieu of grog,
under the law ot August ad, 1843 ; anil also the proportion-
ate number so choosing, under the dilterentpieceding rules
of commutation lor groj;.
This resolution lies om one day under the rule.
GRADUATION BILL.
t\#r. HARRIS, of Illinois, introduced a bill to
o-raduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual cultivators and settlers; which was lead
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A COMPROMISE.
i Mr COBB, of Alabama, submitted the fojjow-
< m" preamble and resolution; which was read, viz:
„ ?r. iho nnlitical affairs of this Republic
Whereas, a crisis in gnomical parties are called to
1 afd in"the sre" work of reconciliation between the Noithern
, aid in thl;8realyLnlA. Wherea*. the question ol slavery m
! *The admission o'i California into the Union
! M slate under lier own constitution and boutfdai les; the
aS^ KSe slave trade m the lMstiict ot Columbia,
i?rdhr . bol t o„%T"lavery therein, are, and have been a
| iione^f contention for jears past, and will be for sears to
! C'VVtereSrii"'Ofthe whole community is now fixed
j with great anxiety upon the pie^nt Congress looking to
