1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
point—that the House might look into the matter
and consider it.
Mr. WlNTHROP (scarcely heard) waa under-
stood to suggest, as a point of order, that the con-
stitutional right of the House to determine the
couise of its own proceeding could not be overruled
by a law adopted by a previous Congress. The
House had a right to determine its own course, and
to decide, if it thought proper, that a reference
should not be made.
Mr. CONGER took the floor.
Mr. ROOT interposed, to ask what the question
was.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order of
Mr. wlnthrop.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Con-
ger and Mr. Winthrop, as to the decision of the
latter gentleman upon the same point during his
Speakership.
The conversation was very imperfectly heard,
as well from the tone m which it took place as
from the perpetual hum of conversation that per-
vades the Hall, which renders the hearing of any-
thing almost impossible.
JNo appeal was taken.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the reference of
the communication to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the reference must be made. It is imperative.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Then no motion is
requisite". I insist upon the point.
So the communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Engraving, desired to make a report.
The SPEAKER said, that the question regu-
larly before the House had been introduced under
a suspension of the rules, and must, in the opinion
of the Chair, be first disposed of, (to wit, the res-
olution of Mr. Sweetser.)
Mr. JONES. I call for that question.
The SPEAKER. The ordeis of the day are
called for.
THE SURPLUS FUND.
The unfinished business was the resolution here-
tofore offered by Mr. Sweetser in relation to
moneys drawn from the surplus fund, together
with the amendments thereto offeied.
And the state of the question was this:
The House had adopted the modified amend-
mentofMr. Chandler to the modified resolution of
Mr. Sweetser, which amendment struck out all
after the word " resolved," and instructed the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to procure and report to
this House an account of all sums of money which
may have been taken (if any) from the surplus
fund which had accumulated in said fund under
the provisions of the act of Congress of 1795,
from appropriations made for the Florida Indians
and fur other purposes, under various specific
appropriations made by Congress.
The question then was on agreeing to the mod-
ified resolution of Mr. Sweetser as thus amended.
And pending that question, the House had ad-
journed.
The question now recurred on agreeing to the
modified resolution of Mr. Sweetser, as thus
amended by the amendment of Mr. Chandler.
A brief conversation followed, on a point of
order, between Mr. Sweetser and the Speaker.
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon the amendment as
amended, I call the previous question, and demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. TUCK inquired if a motion to lay the
whole subject on the table would now be in order?
The SPEAKER stated his impression that it
would be.
Mr. TUCK. I believe a great deal of time has
already uselessly been consumed upon this sub-
ject; and as there is no charge of any kind, coming
from any quarter 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and called the gentleman to order.
Mr. TUCK, (continuing.) I move to lay the
whole suoject on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, upon a reexam-
ination of the subject, that the motion to lay on
the table was made and acted upon when this
subject was last before the House, and no action
has intervened upon this question. The motion
to lay on the table, therefore, is not in order.
Mr. TUCK. Then I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded, and the House are now acting un-
der its operation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose (he
said) to a point of order, and wished distinctly to
understand the question; was not the question now
upon the original resolution as amended ?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment as amended, and upon this question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I understand correctly,
the amendment which 1 offered to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio was adopted ?
The SPEAKER stated the position of "the ques-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser]
had introduced a resolution; subsequently the
gentleman had moved to amend that resolution by
striking out all after the word "resolved," and
inserting his proposed amendment. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] had
offered an amendment to the amendment, being
the proposition which had just been reported to
the House; the House by a vote had adopted the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
in lieu of the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio; and at that point of the proceedings
the House had adjourned or passed to some other
business. The question now recurred upon
agreeing to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, as amended by the vote of the House—
adopting the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The question was between the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
the original resolution of the getitleman from Ohio.
Mr. ASHiYUJN. From the statement of the
proceedings by the Chair, it is now in order to
move to lay the whole subject on the table, be-
cause the Chair states that after the adoption of
the amendment, pending further action on the sub-
ject, the House adjourned.
The SPEAKER said that, upon further exam-
ination of the Journal, he found that the last vote
taken when this subject was acted on was upon a
motion to lay on the table; it was not therefore in
order to repeat the motion at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to an inquiry upon a
point of order. This he understood to be a resolu-
tion relating to the conduct of the Secretary of the
Treasury; he asked the Speaker, if this previous
question should be voted down, whether it would
be in order to introduce a resolution in relation to
the conduct of the Secretary of War?
The SPEAKER stated, in reply, that the previous
question had been seconded, and the main question
had been ordered, and in part executed; and the
House had, a few days since, determined, upon
an appeal taken from the decision of the Chair,
that they could not, at this stage of the proceed-
ings, reconsider the main question and receive an
amendment. Hence, no amendment was now in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said, what he desired to know
was, as the House, upon a proceeding implicating
the Secretary of War, had left that officer and
voted a charge against the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whether they could not, upon this resolution
relating to the Secretary of the Treasury, take a
similar course, and vote a censure upon the Secre-
tary of War ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays—
Mr. KAUFMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were refused, and a count being taken,
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended—
Mr. RICHARDSON asked for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment and the original resolution, re-
spectively, were read.
The question was taken, and by ayes 105, noes
not counted —
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. TUCK moved to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TUCK withdrew the motion.
Mr. JONES renewed the motion to lay on the
table—remarking, that he thought the Committee
of Ways and Means had business enough before
them, without going into this investigation.
The question was taken, and .the count of the
Speaker was, ayes 60, noes 67.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays.. .
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the subject was not laid on the table.
Mr. GOTT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment had been agreed to, and to
lay that motion on the table.
The question being taken—
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
resolution as amended—
Mr. JONES inquired if the House were pro*
ceedmg under the operation ofthe previous question?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to remark, that
the adoption of this resolution will be giving the
go-by to the case.
Calls to order.
Mr. JONES remarked, that he had said all he
wished to.
The question was taken, and
The resolution as amended was adopted.
On motion by Mr. GOTT—
A motion to reconsider the last vote was laid on
the table.
Mr. BAYLY desired to know, whether the
House had not now got through with the regular
order of business ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS., '
Mr. BAYLY asked leave to offer a resolution^
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he
would like to know whether the case of the Dele-
gates from New Mexico and Utah was not the
special order?
The SPEAKER replied, that that was the special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether reports
from committees were not regularly in order?
The SPEAKER replied, that they were not on
Mondays.
The resolution proposed by Mr. Bayly was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the bill making appropriation for the sup-
port of the Military Academy lor the year ending the 30th
June, 1851;
The bill making appropriations for the payment of revo-
lutionary and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1851;
The bill making appropriation.-* for the payment of navy
pensions tor the year ending 30th June, 1831 ;
The bit 1 making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the Indian tribes, for the year ending
the 30th June, 1851;
The hill makinii appropriations foreeriain fortifications for
the year ending 30th June, 1851;
The bill making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending 30th June, 1851;
The bill making appropriations foi the naval service for
the year ending 30th of June, 1651;
The hill making appropriations for the support of the army
for the year ending 30ih of June, 1851; and
The bill making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expense of thf Government for the yearendm1; 30th of June,
1851; be made the special order of the day for to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock meridian; to be considered in the order
named above, and that they continue to be the special order
of the day at the same hour of the day for every day
thereafter, Fridays and Saturdays excepted, till said bills
shall have been finally disposed of.
Objections were made.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules for the
reception of the resolution.
Mr. CONRAD said, there was anothep appro-
priation bill which ought to have been included,
viz: the bill making appropriations for internal im-
provements, which had been reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would include that bill in his resolution, he
(Mr. C.) would vote for it.
Mr. CL1NGMAN said, before he voted he
wished to make an inquiry of the Chair—whether
the general appropriation bills could not be taken
up by a majority in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union at any time, as soon as the
present special order was disposed of?
The SPEAKER replied, that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union could, at any
time, take up the general appropriation bills, un-
less there was a special order pending. The Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
could not set aside a spccial order to attend to
other business.
Mr. INGE inquired if it was not a privileged
motion to move to suspend the rules for the con-
sideration of the special order ?
