i$m
THE 'CONGESTIONAL GliO^E.
July 15,
The SPEAKER replied, that a privileged mo-
tion was pending.
Mr. INGE said, he would move to suspend the
rules, to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order.
The SPEAKER said, a motion to suspend the
rules was already pending, and must be disposed
of before any other motion could be entertained.
Mr. PRESTON KINGr inquired, in case this
resolution ^ere adopted, if it would riot Se put out
of the power of the Committee of the whole on
the state of the Union to take up Vhe California
bill until all these appropriation bills iia'd been
considered and disposed-of?
The SPEAKER replied, Ih'at He had notlooked
particularly at the'phraseology of.this "resolution,
if the resolution (which he supposed to be the
case) made the appropriation bills the special order
from dav to day until disposed of, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of ihe Union could take
up no other business until they were disposed of.
Mr. PRESTON KING. So 1 supposed. I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYL.Y suggested to the Speaker, that
Fridays and Saturdays were excepted from the
operation of the. proposed special order; the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of Ihe Union
could therefore, on Pi'idays and Saturdays, take
up other,business.
The SPEAKER assented to the suggesiion.
The yeas and nays We're ordered.
The question, «* Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken.
Mr, ANDERSON, when his name was called,
stated that he had paired off.
The result of the vote was announced—yeas 88,
nays 90; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson," Andrews, Ashrmrn,
Averett, Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Boyd, Breck, Bnggs,
Brook*, Borrows, Chester Builer, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Chandler, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cohb, Conger,
Conrad, Daniel, Dixon, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Ewmg„ Fowler, Freedl^GentryjGrmneJI, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, lijbbard, Mil-
liard, Wilhain T. Jackson, Jones, Kauliuan., George G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, florace Mann, Job
Mann, Mar&lHlJ, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, MeKis-
sorkT Robert M McLane, McMullen, MeWiHie, IVhJIson,
Moore, Morebead, JVels-on, Newell* Ogle, Owen, Parker,
Pitman, Powell, lteed, Risley, Robnilis, Rose, Ros^
Scbencte, iScheiinerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding
Sprague, Stanlv, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddous .Ste-
vens Strong, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Xuek, Underbill,
Walking Wlutf, Williams, arid Wnuhrop—fc£.
NAYS—Mi ssrs. Alexander, Alien, Alston, Ashe, Bing-
ham, Bis5fcll, i3ocock, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown. Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Clevoliuid, Chngmau, Cole,
Corwin, Cr' vvell, Deberry, Dimimck, Doty, Duikre, JEJ-
mmulson, Guiding, .Giimore, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott,
Gould, Gr<-fn, Hall, NaNoway, HtudNori, Harlan, Thomas
L. Harris, Hol'aday, Howard,llowe, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph
W. Jackson, A .d<-«w Johnson, Jaiucs h. johnson, Julian,
l^eston Kuiii, La 8&re, Le0lert I^tul.eticldj.^aueson, Mc-
Donald, MeGiuyhey, McQueen, Morris, Morse, Morton,
Olds, Orr. P«,islee, Peck, Phelps, Putnam, tie'ynolds, Riolr-
ard.son, Robinson, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Schoolciaft,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan too, Stetson, Sweet-
s^r, Tiioma«, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Venahle,
WnlcJen, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Wilmot, Wood, Woodwaid, and Young—9(J.
So the rules were not suspended.
ENGRAVING.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on En-
graving, reported the following:
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Engraving be, and they j
are hereby, autnonz'tl to contract tortile engravms or hrho"- I
graphing ol the plan s accompanying the second part of the
report ofthe Commissioner of Patents: Provided^ That the
cost ofthe same does not excced the rate of §50 pei thou-
sand sets.
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be author-
ized to contract for engraving or lithographing Uie maps and
plate.* accompanying the geological jepoit os Messrs. fos-
ter and Whitney: ProvLlcd, Tne eo-=t shall not exceed the
sum of $1,600.
Resolved} That the Committee on Engraving be author-
ize d to contract for the engraving or lithographing the map
accompanying the report of the Secietarv of War, upon the
route from San Antonia de Bexar to El Paso del Norte:
Provided, Tin* cost shall not exceed the sum of §350.
Mr. HARALSON desired information from the
chairman of the Committee on Printing as to the
time when the House might expect to get this re-
port, which had been already so long delayed?
Mr. HAMMOND stated, that there would be
no delay on account of the engraving. The en-
graving portion of the work was ready.
Mr HARALSON said, if there was much more
delay—and as it had been said so frequently that
the delay of the public printing was occasioned by
ihe difficulty of having the engraving executed-—
he would be disposedto voteagaihat'allengravihgfe
hereafter. He wished to know from the chairman
of the Committee on Printing when the House
migjit reasonably expect this work to be laid on
the tables of members, so that they might be dis-
tributed through the country ? As the chairman
of that committee was not present, it would be as
weJi to. let the resolution lie over for the present.
Mr. HAMMOND replied, that no part of the
printing of this report had been delayed by the
engraving. He >$ould assure the House that the
engraying woUld'all be executed in time to prevent
arty delay in the printing of the report. That, he
presumed, was all that could be asked of the Com-
mittee on Engraving. That committee had fpr
some time been in possession of facts in relation
to the subject which they had'long since desired
to Tay before the House, but had not had the op-
portunity of doing so.
Mv* HARALSON disclaimed any intention to
cast reproach on the Committee on Engraving.
But the fact was, that from some cause, this print-
ing had been so long delayed that he almost re-
gretted that the House had been induced to order
it at all. After this long delay, he had thought
that the House would like to Form some idea as to
the time when the repoit might probably be ex-
pected. So great had been the disadvantages which
had resulted fiom the present system of public
printing, that he was ready to Vote for its aban-
donment altogether. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing was not present, or, if present,
had not responded to his inquiry, he hoped some
other gentleman would be able to give some satis-
factory information as to the time when we may
expect to receive this report from the public
printer.
Mr. FOWLER stated, that the Committee on
Engraving had some time since reported a resolu-
tion. The proceedings of the committee were
paralyzed by the non-action of the House. He
hoped that this resolution would be adopted, so
that there might be no further delay.
Mr. WENTWORTH (as a member of the
Committee on Printing) stated his belief that the
engraving would cause no delay in the printing of
the report; and it was necessary, for a proper un-
derstanding of the report, that it should be illus-
trated by the engravings.
Mr. HARALSON inquired if the gentleman
from Illinois could give any information as to the
time when the report might be expected from the
printers?
Mr. WENTWORTH explained, that the Com-
mittee on Printing had been prevented from hold-
ing any other than very brief sittings, in conse-
quence of the subjects which had, been for some
time pressing on the time of the House. They
had only been able to meet occasionally, and to
sit for an hour or so. Whenever it should so
happen that the House will be engaged again m
Committee of the Whole, the committee would
embrace the opportunity to meet, and give the
subject a thorough investigation.
Mr. HARALSON said he presumed, then, from
what had fallen from the gentleman Irom Illinois,
that he knew nothing at all about it.
Mr. WENTWORTH reminded the gentleman
from Georgia, that it had usually been the case,
heretofore, that these voluminous documents were
not printed for the use of the House until about
this period of the session.
Mr. FOWLER desired that it should be gener-
ally understood by tne House, that the Commit-
tee on Engraving were at present without any
authority to act on this subject. They could give
no order to the engraver, until they had received
from the House the power to do so. Ho con-
curred in the opinion, that there ought to be no
furrher delay in the printing of this report.
Mr. CARTTER asked if it was true that the
Government printer had burst up? hseemed to
be generally believed that such was the fact.
Mr. WENTWORTH replied, that the public
printer was going on with the public work as
rapidly as he could.
Mr. CARTTER replied, that public notoriety
asserted that the public printer had burst up
Mr. WENTWORTH. Public notoriety had
not come before the Committee on Pnnting.
The question was then taken, and the rebolution
was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, pnadea report.
Mr. JONES asked the- unanimous consent of
the House.to offer a resolution, which, he said, he
would se«d to the Clerk's table t,o be read. If
objection was made to the resolution, he gave no-
tice that he would move a suspension of the rules.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the amount paid asinterest on !}ie Galphin
claim should^ m Hi* opii.inii ol this House, be refunded to
Hie Treasury by those to whom it was paid.
The resolution having been read— .
Objection was made to its introduction. . ,
Mr. JONES moved a suspension of the rules for
the purpose of enabling him to introduce the reso-
lution, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
MARSHALL asked that the resolution be
again reported.
It was accordingly read.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 89, nays 75; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Ashe, Aveiett
Bingham, Biss. H, Booth, Biiags, William J. lirown, Buel,
Joseph Cable, Geoige A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Cantor, Cleveland, Williamson E. W. Cobb,
Cole, Daniel, Diwuiick, Doiy, Dunham, Durkee, Eilmund-
son, Ewing, Featheiston, Filch, Geriy, Girmore, Goiman,
Golt, (Jreerl, Hamilton, Hammond, Hailan, Sum p.-on W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Hibbafd, Inge, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, George Gr> Kiliii, Preston Km**,
La Sfere, l«':i]lt;r, Littltfield, Job Mann, Mason, Matteson,
McClernand, McDonald, McMullen, Miller, Moms, Morse,
Newell, Ogle, Olds, Paiker, Peaslee, Peck, Plielps, Pitman,
Potter, Powell, Reynolds, .Richardson, Bobbins, Robinson,
Root, Rose, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Silvester, Richard H.
Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Walden, Wallace,
Wentworth, WhitteJaey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Wood, and
Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Bayly, Bennett, Bocoek, Boyd,
Brec-k, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Chester Butler, Calvin,
Chandler, Clarke, Colcock, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, De-
berry, Dixon, Duer, Dnncan, Nathan Evans, Fiuvlcr,
Freedley, Gooili-now, Grmnell, Haralson, Haymond, Hil-
liard, Holladay, Howard, Howe. Jo>ei>ll W. Jackson, James
1' Johnson, Kprr, George G King, James G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann, Marshall, McDowell, McGau^hey,
Robert M. McLane, Mcfeiiiecn, McWilhe, Millson. Moore,
Morehead, Morton, NeHon, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Puinam,
Reed, Risley, Euinsey, Sackelt, Sehemerhoin, Schoolcraft,
Sllepperd, Stanly, Alexandei H. Stephens, Thaddens Ste-
vens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, William Thompson,
Toombs, Underbill, Venable, Watkms, Wellborn, White,
Williams, Winthrop, and Woodward—75.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose and asked
the unanimous consent of this House to introduce
a resolution.
CONDOLENCE WITH MRS. TAYLOR.
Mr. CONRAD requested the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to yield the floor for a
few moments.
Mr. STEPHENS yielded.
Mr. CONRAD asked the House, by unanimous
consent, to take up the joint resolution from the
Senate, expressing the condolence of Congress to
Mrs. Margaret S. Taylor, widow of the late Presi-
dent of the United States, on her bereavement.
No objection having been made—
The resolution was read, as follows:
"Revolver} by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States, oj Jimericu in Congress assembled* That
the president of the United States be requested to transmit a
copy of the proceedings ol the two Houses on the JOiJi in-
stant, in relation to the deatll of the late President of me
United States, to Mrs. Margaret Tailor, and to assuie her
of the profound respect ol ihe two Houses ol Congress lor
her peison and character, and of their sincere condolence
on the late afflicting dispensation of Providence.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia , now resumed the
floor, and offered the following resolution; which
was lead for information:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Speaker of
the House and the Presidentof ihe Senate, bring the pres-
ent &es. ion of Congress to a c!o*e, b-y an adjournment of
their respective horiios, on Monday the 26tii day of August
at the hour of twelve o'clock, meridian;- 3 '
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. STEPHENS moved a suspension of the
rules, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr. MEADE was understood to inquire of the
Chair whether the resolution was open to amend-
ment?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, suggested that
if the rules were suspended, the resolution would
then be subject to amendment.
