1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of Margaret Hetzel, widow
of A. R. Hetzel, late an assistant tjutirterroaster
in the army, asking to be allowed a commission
upon the disbursements made by her late hus-
band of the appropriation for the removal of the
Cherokee Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition of citizens
of Georgia, asking a reduction of the rates of post-
age; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Charles
F. Sibbald, of the city of Philadelphia, in the State
of Pennsylvania, asking indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of the illegal and forcible
entry and detaining of his property by agents act-
ing under the authority of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, ten petitions of citizens of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, asking that corporal punishment
may be abolished in the navy of the United States;
also, forty-nine petitions from citizens of the same
place, asking that corporal punishment may be
abolished m both the army and navy; which sev-
eral petitions were referred to the- Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, a memoriat from citizens of Clarion
county, Pennsylvania, asking the repeal or modi-
fication of the tariff of 1846; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Seneca county, New York, in favor of the re-
duction of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of Josiah Sturgis, an otScer in the reve-
nue cutter service, asking that the benefits of the
naval pension laws may be extended to the offi-
cers and seamen engaged in the revenue service;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, in favor of cheap postage, reducing pre-
paid letters to the uniform price of two cents per
half ounce; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Otfice and Post Roads.
Mr. ATCHISON presented additional docu-
ments relating to the claims of J. McCiintock,
Harrison Uilf, and Mansfield Carter, for services
rendered at the Great Nemehaw sub-agency for
the Sac and Pox Indians; which were referred to
the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition of citizens
of Waterbury, Connecticut, asking a reduction of
the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a petition of the late
and present registers and receivers of the land
office at Lebanon, Alabama, asking to be allowed
a commission on the entry of military bounty land
warrants; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citi-
zens of Providence, Rhode Island, askimg a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition of citizens
of Ohio, asking a reduction of the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Po'st Roads.
" Also, the petition of C. \V. Fitch, asking in-
demnity for Fiench spoliations prior to IbOO;
which was referred to a select committee.
Also, the memorial of George C. Johnson, a
licensed trader with the Indians, asking the pay-
ment of a debt due him by the Shawnee Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the United States residing in the valley of
the northwestern Lakes, in favor of measures to
acquire the right to the navigation of the St. Law-
rence; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the heirs
of Richard Bairy, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee on the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial
adopted at a meeting of officers and soldiers in the
late war with Great Britain, held at Richmond, in
281
e State of Kentucky, asking that those who
served m that war may be allowed bounty land;
Affairs^8 referred to the Committee on Military
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the petition of the htirs of David Noble, on
the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Committee o!
Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the memorial of Hector St. John Beettey,
on tile files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.,
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the petition of Elijah Buefcanon, on the
files oi the Senate, be referred to the Committee on .Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS,
Ordered, That the petition of Caleb Greene, on the files of
the Senate, be refem-d to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That the petition ot Obed Hus?ey, on the files of
the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent (Jtiiee.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, Thattln1 petition ol Wilham Marvin, on the hies
of the Senate, be leleried to the Committee on Pubhe
Lands.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Oideied, That Richaid M. Livingston,heirof James Liv-
ingston, have leave to withdraw his y-tmon.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of John Mitchell
for an increase of pension, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied
by a bill for the farther relief of John Mitchell;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Elizabeth Jones, submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed, Accom-
panied by a bili for the relief of Elizabeth Jones
and the children (if any) of John Carr; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the petition of Hubert H.. Booley, submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of Hubert H. Booiey,
which was read and ordeied to a second leading,
AI30, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Thompson Hutchinson,
asking arrears of pension, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson,
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Elizabeth Munroe,
widow of a surgeon in the aimy, asking a pen-
sion, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill granting a pension
to Elizabeth Munroe, which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of John
A. McGaw, of New York, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill granting relief to John A. McGaw, which
was read and ordered to a*second reading.
Mr. N0RR1S, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the papers of Dr. B. F.
Mullen, submitted an adverse report on the same;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, fiorn the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John Dawson, late pen-
sion agent at Illinois, submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed, asking to be discharged
from further consideration of the same.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the petition of
Alpheus Alga, Bazil Bumah, Charles Chartae,
and others, asking to be placed on the same foot-
ing with the Hungarians m the distribution of
public lands, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Rob-
ert Butler, asking compensation for his property
taken for public use, submitted an adverse report
on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Orviile B. Deeble and
George C. Bates, asking a grant of land and the
right of way to aid in the construction of a canal
around the Fallsof St. Mary's, Submitted a report
m writing-, accompanied by a bill granting to the
btate of Michigan the right of way and a donation
of public land for the construction of a ship-canal
around the Falls of St, iMary's, in said State;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the several memorials of officers and
soldiers of the late war with Great Britain,, ask m*
to be* lowed bounty land,asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs; which was agreed to. '
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of War, giving the names, salaries,>&c .
of the persons employed in the several branches'
of the War Department, reported in favor of
printing the same; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to
communicate to the SenaH copies of a repmt of the *urvev
and sounding ot the haib.or of Racm«, in the Ktate of Wis-
consin, made by Lieut. Webster during the pariMiinmer
Wth the accompanying map and p;«pfrs; a< also with any
additional and correei infot (nation ol the commerce of the
Lakes" rhat may be in possession of the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Tupogiaphical Engineers.
Mr. DODGE also submitted the following res-
olution:
ResMr&t, That the Sreretary of the Treapmy be directed
to communicate to the Senate a statement of the amount of
public money expended for the construction ot haibors, the
building of light-hoi^es, oi lur other puiposep, within ihe
present lmnt> (*f Milwaukee land district, deMynatUM' each
object of expenditure, Hn locality, purpose, &c. °
Mr. YULEE submitted the folio wins; resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Allans he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing a suita-
ble dep6t at Key West lor supplies and fuel lor the u*e of
the navy.
Mr. YULEE also submitted the following res-
olution: °
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands in-
quire into the propriety of providing a compensation to the
iejjiste.i<ind leceiv* r? m the Nownan^ville and St. Angus-
tine land di-tuct* for their services under the act to provide
for the armed occupation of Florida.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the*Committee on Military Affairs be in-
^lt acted to inquire into the expediency ol establishing a na-
tional foundry in the State ot Alabama.
Mr. CORWiN submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and propnetyof providing
bylaw for the payment to the Winnebago Indians or the sum
of $12,000, with interest from March, 1843, alleged to have
been paid wrongfully to the heirs of James McFarMwe.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution: -
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ol making an appiopriation
for a geological survey of Oiegon Territory.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War cause to be Jmd be
fore the Senate the report made to Gen. Persilur F. Smith
by M. L Smith, of the Topographical Bngimer>, upon the
improvement and draining of the city and valley ol Mexico.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. RUSK, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Wm. L. Cazeneau, of Texas; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
0 PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced (hat if
there was no further morning business, there was
a bill which had been ordered to a third reading
which might now be considered.
Mr. YULEE. I take the liberty of suggesting
to the Chair whether the regular business in order
would not be the consideration of those resolutions
which are on the calendar, and which relate to
business pertaining to the morning hour.
Mr. KING. This bill had belter hare its third
reading.
Mr. YULEE. I desire merely to take up the
business confinfd to the morning hour, which has
not yet expired; the more especially as the Sena-
tor from Alabama [Mr. King] has objected to the
consideration of resolutions of reference, and the
only possible chance of having them considered is
during the morning hour.
