1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER, said, if the rules were su's-
penciled, the resolution would be within the control
of the House.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 63, nays 109; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albettson, Alston* AndersonfAshe; Ash
limn, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Bocock, Bowdon, Boyd, AJbert
G. Brown, Bint, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Ohngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cofcoek,
Daniel, Deberry, Edmund-son, Alexander JB?ans, "Nathan
Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Gtd'itag3, Gott,-Gmild, Green,
Hamilton, Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, HollfuJ^y,Holmes,
-Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, l.a S&re, Job Mann,"Marshall,
Ma«on, McDonald, McDowell, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willie, Meade, Milltr, Millson, Orr, Owen; Parker, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Ross, Alexander II. Stephens, Thomas, Ja-
cob Thompson, Toombs, Vfcftable, Wallace, Waikins, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee,
Booth, Brigss, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter,Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Cole,Conger, Conrad, Ccrwin, Drmmick; Dixon,
Duer, Dunham, Duricce, Fitch, Fowler, Fr^edley, Gentry,
Gtrrv, Gilmore, G,oodenow„Gorman, Gnnnell, Hal), Hallo-
way, Hammond, H&Han; Haymohd, Hebard, Henry, Hib-
bard, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Kerr, Geoige G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston Kins, Ltfflur,
Littlefield, Rdrace M-uin, Matteson, McClernand, Mc-
Griughey, Robert M. JMcLane, Mooite, Morris, Mor?e, Mor-
ton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck,
Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richard-
son, Rislcv, Root, Rose, Rnmsey, Sacketl, Savage, Satott He,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, Richard H Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens',
Stetson, Strong, Sweeiser, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, Underbill, WaJdcn, Wcntworth, White, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrick, Wihnot, Winthrop, tVood, and Young
—109-
So the rules were not suspended.
NEW MEXICO AND UTAH.
Mr. STRONG moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the further consideration of the
special order of the day—the reports of the Com-
mittee on Elections in the cases of the applications
of H. N. Smith, Esq., and A. W. Babbitt, Esq.,
to be ad mil ted to seats in the House as Delegates
from New Mexico and Utah.
Mr. McDONALD appealed to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for a
moment, to enable him to offer a resolution, which
he assured the House was absolutely necessary
and proper.
The said resolution, which was read for in-
formation, authorized the Doorkeeper to employ a
messenger and two scavengers in addition to those
he was already authorized to employ.
Mr. CARTTER objected to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if it was not in
order to move to postpone ttte further considera-
tion of the special order until the first Tuesday In
August next? If so, he would move a suspension
of the rules to enable him to make that motion.
The SPEAKER said, such a motion might be
made in order, or a suspension of the rules might
be moved, when in order, to enable the gentleman
to make the motion; but the motion to suspend
was not now in order pending the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to suspend the rules |
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. McCL&RNAND said he hoped, then, the
motion would be voted down; and he gave notice
if it were, that he should move to suspend the
rales to enable him to offer a motion 'to postpone
the further cpnsideration of the special order for
a week or two.
Mr. McDONALD renewed his appeal to Mr.
Strong to waive his motion, to enable him to
introduce the resolution which had been read.
Mr. STRONG still declined.
The question being upon agreeing to the mo-
tion of Mr. Strong—
The SPEAKER counted the House and an-
nounced—ayes 79, noes 40.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked for tellers, but
withdrew the call.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were again asked and ordered, and
Messrs. Clingman and Preston King, were ap-
pointed.
Mr. WHITE inquired what was the special
order which would be under consideration if the
House resolved itself int.o Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, tire reports ©f the Com-
hiittefe 6n Elections, in-reference to the Delegates
from New Mexico 'and Utah. '• -
1 he question v^ds taken, and thefc&tf^rs reported,
noes 38; so the motion was-agreed to.
The House accordingly .resolved itself into
Committee of the Wholeotithestatteofthe Union,
(McLane,.of,Maryland, in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriation for the payment of
revolutionary -pensions. "
The CHAIRMAN said, the motion was not in
order, there being a special order.
.Mr. BAYLY. I move that the special order be
laid aside.
1*he CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired who was enti-
tled to the floor ?
The CHAIRMAN said, the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. McG-augiiey] was entitled to the '
floor.
Mr. McGAUG-HEY" took it.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to inquire whether,
if the committee Should rise, a motion to postpone
the special order would not be in order?
The CHAIRMAN was proceeding to reply—
when
Mr. WENTWORTH submitted, that the Chair
could not decide as to what would be in order in
the House.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair had a right
to reply to the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand.]
Mr.WENTWORTHsaid, thatupon that reply
he raised the point Of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
raise a point of order upon a reply before the re-
ply has been made. ,
The CHAIRMAN then stated that such a mo-
tion as that indicated by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClernand] would, in the opinion of
the,Chair, be in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH insisted that the gentle-
man who was entitled to the floor [Mr. Mc- I
Gaughey] should proceed with his remarks. '
| Mr. McGAUGHGY then took the floor and j
addressed the committee in favor of the admis- i
sion of the Delegate from New Mexico. He j
maintained generally the grounds taken in the re-
port of the minority of the Committee on Elec-
tions, (of whom he was one,) and argued that,
under the peculiar urgencies of the case, the fact
of informality and want of compliance with pre-
cedents should not exclude the Delegate. He ob-
served, however, th&t during the delay which had
taken place upon this question, the circumstances
had so changed in the Territory—presenting the
prospect (hat she wouM soon be here with a con-
stitution in her hands asking admission as a State
—as to render this question of less importance
than when first presented. He argued, neverthe-
less, th'at the Delegate Should beadmiited—having
been elected to represent that people. He ani-
madverted upon the neglect of Congress to estab-
lish. a territorial government and to admit the Del-
egate. He attributed this delay to southern in-
fluence, and expressed the conviction that it was a
very mistaken policy on the pan of the South: a
policy which, as he considered, had induced that
people to abandon their application for a territorial
government and to present themselves (as they
soon would) for admission into the Union as a
State, with a constitution excluding slavery.
He declined to enter into a discussion of the
question of disputed boundary between New Mex-
ico and Texas, as he did not consider it a mate-
rial issue in this case; but urged that the Delegate
should be admitted (&raon° other reasons) so as,
while Texas through her Representatives was pre-
senting her claim and supporting it by their vote,
to be allowed the poor privilege of vindicating in
debate the boundary and the rights of that territory.
He expressed the belief that if the admission were
further delayed, and that through the influence of
Texas and other southern States—as slave Stales
—the people of New Mexico, smarting; under a
sense of the injustice done them by this slavery
opposition, would adhere to the determination they
had embodied in their constitution, and forever
exclude slavery by a law more effective than the
Wilmot proviso—a law irrevocable, under any
and all circumstances.
He broadly proclaimed, that no bill to establish
during the present Vession, however .'die, present
President, or others, might use their infl'ti'en6e in
favor of such a bill. And as it was krttfwn'thdt a
bill including the .proviso would not pass the Sen-
ate, he considered^' abstifatefy certain that no ter-
ritorial bill whatever woillb pass. He was, there-
fore, in favor of receiving the Delegate, aiad maki'ng
preparations for the admission of New Mexico as
a State.
[His remarks, as fully reported:,: ftill tSe pub-
lished in a few days ]
Mr. McG. having concluded—
Mr. ASHE obtained the floor—but yielded to ft
motion that the committee rise.
The affirmative vote was 33.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. King, of
New Jersey, and Mason, of Kentucky, were ap-
pointed.
And the vote was then counted and stood, ayfea
51, noes 38.
The committee thereupon rose and reported
progress.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked tli'e
House, by unanimous consent, to proceed to dis-
pose of Senate bills on the Speaker's table.
Objection was made.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose mentioned.
Mr. JONES submitted, that on the count in
committee no quorum had voted, and that, in the
absence of a quorum, no business could be trans-
acted.
And thereupon, pending the motion of. Mr,
Thompson, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referftd to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition or Henry Sftubett alid
27 others, and Joseph H. Wilron and 8 others, citizens of
Pike c.outity, Ohio, and also the peutton of Francis Smith
and 33 others, ciU/.ens of Jackson county, Ohio, praying
Congress to provide the means to remove from our country,
all that port on of the African race, who are willing &nd
ready to emigrate to Africa. • *
By Mr. HEBARD : The petition of Luther Wheatly and
128 others, asking that Congress pa$g a bill providing
means for removing fro'in our country all that portion of the
Afiican race who are both ready and willing to reiftove
to Africa.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Caliy and 97 others, asking
for a post-route, from East Orange to West Topsham,m the
county ol Oranae, and State of Vermont. *
By Mr. GOODENOW The petition of Albert S. Clark,
and 54 other citizens of the State of Maine, asking that {he
present laws may-be so altered and amended as that wood
and bark, coining from British colonics, shall pay a duly
equivalent to two dollar? per cord ; other kinds of h.inber m
pioportion, and fi-h, one dollar per quintal.
By Mi. BROWN, of Mississippi: The remonstrance of
AUred. Ingratiam and }93otheirf, against the removal of the
land office from Washington, Mississippi, to Monlicello in
that State.
By Mr REYNOLDS - The peti tion of A. B. Chid^ey and
others, citizens of Troy, New Yoik, for specific duties t>n
imp>rts. , , . ,
Alaty, the petition of James McArthur and orfters, 6f the
tame piace, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Israel Stow and others, of the skme
place, tor the same purpose. ,
A No, the petition ol t>. Beldingand others, of the skme
place, for the &ame purpose.
By xVIr. JACKSON, of Georgia: The petition of citizens
I, of Appling county, Georgia, for a post-route from Reidsville,
,! Tattnall county, to Holinesvtile, Appling county, by way of
tj Sti'rency's posi-offcee and Stafford'-: leriy.
' Also, the resolutions of the Oily Council of Savannah, in
i; favor of an appropriation for removing obstructions in S ■-
1! Vcinnah liver.
jj By Mr. DIMMICK: The petition of Joseph Atkinson and
' 46 others, citizens ot Pennsylvania, remonstrating aeaiust
tiie renewal of the patent gianted to Austin and Z«bulon
| Parker.
■ I By Mr. PARKER: The petition of 70 citizens of Marv-
! land and Virginia, asking that the National Armories may be
placed under the chaige of civil superintendent.
By Mi. DOTY : The petition of James Prentice, C R.
' Ahon, duile* Doty, and others, for a mail-route from Fort
Winnebrtgo, by Adams and Reidf-bmy, to Prairie la Crosse.
AUo. the puition of Ft'hxMcLinde'n, James Lord, Henry
, Mfirill', and others, for a land-office at Wauonah.
| Al-o, the petition of John Bannister, VV. R. Longstreet,
i Isaac C. Xioomis, and others, for a mail-route from Ozaukee",
l| by liougli and Ready, Belle Torre, Wuucousta,Farminigton,
. and Fredoaia, to Fond du Lac.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 13, 1850.
The Senate met, in pursuance of resolmions
territorial governments, excluding the Wilmot | previously adopted, for the purpose of attending, i
proviso, could pass the House of Repl-esentetirts L a body, the funeral services of the late Presfder
