384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
tlcal fables, uhdelr proper heads, such information as to
mines, agriculture, commerce, manufactures, education,
aftd other topics, as wilt t xhibit a full view of the pursuits,
industry, education, and resources of the counuy; u being
provided that the number of said inquiries, exclusive oftlie
enumeration, etfmU not exceed one hundred, and that the
expense incurred in preparing and printing said forms and
Schedules shall not exceed ten thousand dollars.
I do noUhink, sir, that ! am mistaken in rela-
tion to the information I have received. If it be
as I have stated, the Senate ought to know it; and
if it be not so, a postponement of the consideration
of the subject until to-morrow will enable us to
procure farther information, so that we shall be
able to actupon the subject understandingly.
Mr. DAVIS. We can get no tiewinformation,
Mr. President, by a postponement of this ques-
tion; for we have already been informed from a
source which I believe to be perfectly satisfactory;
one in which I have entire confidence—that no
printing h&s been done; none whatever. Perhaps
I had no right so to do, but, sir, I advised that
none should be done; because I thought it very
probable that there would be some change made
in the forms; for I believed that, in many particu-
lars, they could be greatly improved, and 1 cannot
think that there has been any printing done, ex-
cept, perhaps, some forms such as are contained
in the bill itself. It seems to me that there is no ,
substantial reason why the consideration of this
bill should be postponed; there can be no new
light upon it brought before the Senate.* nor is
there any plausible reason why the tables of the
committee should be supplanted by those of the
Board of Census, which have been offered by the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to make a
brief statement to the Senate in relation to this
matter. - When the Census Committee met cer-
tain tables were presented for their consideration,
and the committee took them up, and proceeded,
item by item, to consider the matters contained in
them. Various amendments were made to those
tables by the committee, and the gentleman who, it
was understood, officiated on behalf of the Census
Board, in attendance, expressed himself pleased
and satisfied with some of the amendments made
by the committee, and proposed to obtain them as
soon as practicable, for the purpose of having them
printed with the tables that might thereafter be
made out. My understanding was'at that time,
and during the whole consideration of the subject
by the committee, that none of the tables had been
stereotyped and printed for the purpose of distribu-
tion among the assistant marshals. If such had been
the fact, it seems to me it must have been commu-
nicated to the committee, from what took place in
committee, nnd be.tweeri the committee and the
gentleman who superintended the business on be-
half of the Census Hoard. The committee proceeded
in thai way, sir, until our tables weie made out.
1 did notunderstand that the tables which had bee#
furnished us by Mr. Kennedy—for I may as well
name the gentleman—the secretary of the board,
had met the sanction of the board. After our tables
had all been adopted, the chairman of the commit-
tee waited on me, a day or two .since, and pi evented
tliis paper, which I now hold in my hand, as the
official act of the Census Board; and the names of
gentlemen composing that board are attached to
that paper; and this is the first paper which I have
ever received, or had a sight of, that has been cer-
tified to have been an official act on the part of the
Census Board with reference to the formation of
these tables. This was shown to me yesterday or
the day before by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, it was delivered to me since the
bill and the tables prcpaied by the committee were
printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman says it
was delivered to him after the hill and the tables
reported by the committee had been printed. Now,
I have no sort of feehn^ about the matter. I only
want the Senate to take that pet of tables which
will best answer the purpose for which they ate
intended. I am entirely content with, and would
evea prefer, to adhere to the tables which have
been made out by the committee after great delib-
eration.
My friend from Georgia is entiiely mistaken in
supposing that the tables certified by the census
board are more extensive in their operation than
those prepared by the Committee on the Census.
I believe they are less so. it will be found, sir,
upon an examination of our table's, that milk, but-
ter', cheese, fatted cattle, and all such matters are
embraced. It is a mistake, therefore, to suppose
that there is not as much comprehended in these
tables as in those of the census board.
Mr. DAWSON". The aggregate quantity sold
is there, but not the quantity produced.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The matter was duly
canvassed by the committee, and I will now state
to the Senate that our tables are prepared with a
view to contain an account of all those articles
which have been sold, omitting those which have
been consumed in families. Thecommittee thought
that it would be almost impossible to obtain any
accurate information as to the quantity of milK,
butter, garden vegetables, fiuits, and things ot
that sort consumed in private families. I can only
say, sir, for one, that it would be utterly impossi-
ble for me to give an account of the amount con-
sumed in my family, by any account kept or esti-
mate made from day to day, from week to week,
or fiom month to month, because no such account
is ever kept; and the only way in which I could
arrive at any estimate at all would be to say we
had milk and butter and vegetables and fruit
enough for so many rriuuths, as much as they
could consume, arm then form a conjecture as to
how much that number of mouths could consume;
that is the only account 1 could give, and 1 do not
think that any family in the country could come
any nearer to the true quantity than could be done
by this method. Our tables embrace every article
that is the subject-matter of trade, every article
which has been sold, and from which the family
derived revenue. And the committee supposed
that, when you had obtained all the information
in regard to the profit made in dairies, the profit
upon milk and butter, the profit upon produce of
market gardens, it would be a very easy matter to
consider how much the family having these estab-
lishments would probably consume; and that you
would thereby save the assistant marshal from a
great deal of labor, and loss of time by detention
at the different farm houses in making inquiries.
Let gentlemen ask themselves how long the assist-
ant marshal would be detained at each place ma-
king inquiries as to how much milk and butter,
fruits and vegetables were annually consumed in
the family.
Sir, the committee considered all these things,
and they thought that, when the time that would
thus be consumed by the assistant marshal in
making these inquiries came to be considered, the
expense would be greatly disproportioncd to the
value of the information when obtained; and there-
fore wo limited our amount of mlormation to those
ai tides which the family might sell, to the profit
they might make, leaving everybody to estimate
for themselves the quantity which would naturally
enter into family consumption. Jf this bill is to
be proceeded with at this time, I suppose the
proper way would be to take up the tables that
have been furnished by the census boaid, and the
tables that have been pteparcd by the Committee
on the Census, and read item by item, so that a
proper comparison may be made.
i dislike very much, sir, to go into a comparison
of tins sort now, but 1 will venture to say that if
you take up the tables and make the compa.ribou,
you will find that the tables which the committee
have reported do embrace every essential item that
is comprehended m the tables of the census board,
with some additions. To name one, the committee
have reported a column m their tables for the
number of rooms in a dwelling house. The tables
of the census board have no such column. They
merely provide for recording the number of dwel-
ling houses. The object of the committee was to
ascertain how the population of the country is
locatcil—how provided for; and we thought that,
by inserting a column for the number of looms in
a dwelling house, as the amount rocoidtd in the
column for population would show the number of
persons, you might obtain the basis of a veiy cor-
rect judgment us to the manner in which the fami-
lies of the country are provided for. Our tables,
therefore, it seems to me, will contain more full
and completemformation in relation to the families
throughout the counuy than those furnished by
the census boai d.
Sir, I shall not go into a discussion of this mat-
ter, unless it become necessary to do so, in conse-
quence of arguments that may be advanced in.
opposition to the views of the comtnittee, as I
understand it is designed to submit a motion to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
untjl some future day. Let that question be dis-
posed of. 1 am inclined to vote against it, how-
ever; for it is believed by some gentlemen to be
an important matter to get this thing underway
and adopt some tables, so that the Census Board
may expend those nine or ten thousand dollars,
which I believe has not yet been expended, in
purchasing paper, and printing the tables, and ta-
king measures to have them distributed through-
out the country. I think, therefore, although I
have a great desire to hear the gentleman from
Georgia, that the public interest will be promoted
by disposing of thi3 matter to-day.
Mr. BERRIEN". I hope, siryjaat the disposi-
tion which may be made of this bill will not at ail
depend upon any consideration which is personal
to myself. I rise merely for the purpose of say-
ing that, looking to the suggestion that has been
made by my ^colleague, the question does not ap-
pear to me to "he as tothe comparative merits of the
tables which have been prepared by the Census
Board and those prepared by the Census Commit-
tee, but that the real question for the consideration
of the Senate is, whether an existing law of the >
United States, partially executed, shall be carried
into effect? or, whether we shall substitute for the
results which have been created under the provis-
ions of that law, the report of a committee, which,
with great respect for the honorable members com-
posing it, seems to me not to have been contem-
plated when that committee was selected. If I
understand this matter, sir, at the last session of
Congre&s you passed a law by which you consti-
tuted a Census Board, and that Census Board was
required to perform certain duties. You have the
message of the President of the United States in-
forming you that those duties have been performed
by the Board, and recommending to Congress that
a law be passed to carry into effect the measure
contemplated by the act of the preceding session.
Now, sir, I inquired at the Secretary's table for
the purpose of ascertaining what was the specific
authority under which tins select committee was
raised, and 1 understood it was raised for the pur-
pose of a general reference to it of that portion of
the President's message which relates to the sub-
ject of the census; and if the Senate will indulge
me for a moment by referring to the existing law,
and to the sources of authority under which the
committee have acted, I apprehend the^ will see,
as I have stated in the outset, that this is not a
question of the comparative merits of the tables
which have been prepared respectively by the cen-
sus board and by the census committee. The ac-
requires, after providing for the construction of a
boaid:
" That it shall be the duty of the said board to prepare
and cau*e to be printed such forms and schedule* as may
be necessary for the full enumeration of the inhabitants of
the United States; and also pioper form's and schedules for
collecting, in statistical la bit-, under proper heads-, such
mtonnation as to mines, agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, education, and other topics, as will exhibit a full view
of the pm&uits, industry, education, and resources of the
counuy."
Now, sir, adverting to that law the President of
the United States, in his annual message, says :
" That by the act of the 3d March, 1849, a boaid was con-
stituted to make arrangements for taking the seventh census,
&e.;" and that it was made the duty ot this board " to pre-
pare and cau?e lo be punted such forms and schedules as
might he necessary for the full enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States, and also for thecollecuon of Other *
statistic:*."
The message then adds:
"The duties enjoined upon the census hoard thus estab-
lished having been performed, it now ret-ts w ith Congress to
enact a taw tor can ying into effect the provision of the Con-
stitution which requires. an actual enumeration of the peo-
ple of the United States within the ensuing year."
The Senate is then aware that there i3 an exist-
ing law which requiies this d.uty of preparing
tables to be performed, not by a committee of the
Senate, but by a board cieated under the law.
The Senate is also informed, by the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States, that
this duty has been performed by the board so act-
ing under the existing law; and that the whole
duty which has been confided to the census com-
mittee has been to consider that portion of the
President's message which relates to this subject.
Now, sir, what would seem to have been univer-
sally considered as the duty of a select committee,
raised under the provisions of such a law, and
with reference to such a communication from the
