286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
forms depend upon their intrinsic merits; they de-
rive no authority from the law. The fact that
they were prepared in obedience to the provisions
of the law makes them neither good nor bad; and
when the forms had been reported by the Census
board and the subject had been referred to the
committee, in my judgment the whole duty of the
board had been executed; and if the forms were
adopted by the committee and approved by the
Senate, it would be but sanctioning the act of the
committee itself. But it seems to me strange to
suppose that there is any such force to be given to
the act of last session as that we should be under
the necessity, before we introduce and pass any
bill, of repealing that act, in order to untie our own
hands—in order to free ourselves from an obstacle
which hinders us in the performance of a duty
which we cannot devolve consistently upon any
commissioner or other officer.
I understood the act when it was passed, I un-
derstand it now, to be neither more nor less than
a provision to facilitate theaction of Congress upon
this subjectat the present session. I think it bears
that interpretation upon its face.
And, sir, with regard to the printing that was
to be done, I do not understand the act as vesting
any authority in these gentlemen commissioners,
having met and prepared their forms, to proceed
forthwith and prirtt such number for distribution
throughout the United States as to them might
seem necessary, taking it for granted that their acts
were to be confirmed by a law of Congress. Sir,
their whole work was to be merely preparatory;
it was to be submitted to, nudged of, and adopted
or rejected by Congress at this session. All the
details were to be settled by Congress.
Now, sir, in my judgment these commissioners
have not performed their duty, and they have not
discharged all the obligations which were imposed
upon them by the act'of last session. They have
made a report, but what is that report ? They say
that they have met, organized, and appointed a
committee and prepared forms for taking the cen-
sus. Where are the forms ? Is the report which
they have sent to us here a fulfillment of the duty
imposed on them by the act? Can either House
of Congress act upon their report? Where are
the forms ? Why did they not accompany the
report? Why were they not sent here for the
consideration of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives? Instead of that being done, the case,
as I understand from the statement made by three
members of the Census Committee, is entirely
different. I understand from it that they have
omitted a material part of U. What, sir, is this
little paper they have sent to us? It is noth- !
ing but a declaration that they have discharged 1
their duty. How they have discharged it does
not appear; what they have done, it does not
show. What is it they propose for our adop-
tion nowhere appears m their report; but as 1
understand from the committee, when they met j
for the consideration of the subject referied to |
them, the census board had not prepared their j
forms—at least they had not submitted them to the i
committee. There were certain forms before the |
committee, as I undeistand, which were not sane- j
tioned by the board; and the committee were under !
the necessity of going to work from the beginning i
and constructing such forms as they thought advi- j
sable; and, as 1 understand from these gentlemen, !
itjs not until after a report is made, after a bill is |
before us, accompanied by a set of forms, and i
after the bill and forms have been printed, when I
the subjectis ripe for the action of this body, then,
and not until then, is any form or schedule, such
as is requned under the iaw of the last session to be
prepared by the census board, presented to or seen ]
by any member of the committee. Now, if that j
is a discharge of the duty that was intended to be j
devolved upon the census boaid by the act of the j
last session, it seems to me the act must have been !
most unwisely framed; for, owing to eircumstan- I
ces which it is not necessary for me now to partic-
ularize, a long time elapsed after the meetingof'
Congress before the Senate was ready to proceed
to business. It was the duty of this board to have ,
everything ready for Congress to act upon at its
meeting; yet, although a considerable time elapsed !
before the business of the session was commenced,
up to the time when the committee completed their ,
labors—as I learn from the members of that com-
mittee—up to the time when they had reported a m
bill, and when that bill had been printed, no forms '
sanctioned by the commissioners had been laid
before the committee. The first moment at which
any member of the committee received in an
authentic form an announcement under the hands
of the commissioners that any scale of forms had
received their approbation, was after the commit-
tee had completed their labors and reported a bill,
accompanied by a set of forms, and that bill and
those forms had .been printed and were ready
for the consideration of the Senate. That is what
I understood to be the case, as stated by the
Senator from Kentucky. For my own part, be-
lieving that both the committee and the Senate had
a perfect right, if they thought proper, to disregard
all forms that might be prepared by the commis-
sioners; believing that they were under no obliga-
tion to be governed by the report of the commis-
sioners any further than they might consider it
worthy of being adopted; believing that the Sen-
ate owed no more respect or consideration to what
was done by the commissioners than what would
be due to the report of a committee raised in this
body to prepare measures for the approbation or
rejection of the body; believing that the Senate has
full and entire jurisdiction over the subject; believ-
ing that the committee would do what was right,
and what their duty to this body required, when,
having no suitable forms submitted to them by the
commissioners, they set to work and prepared
their own—I, for one, am perfectly satisfied to
take the labors of the committee, representing as
they do every section and interest of the country;
and, although my views upon the subject difler
widely from those of a large portion of the mem-
bers of this body, and although, in my judgment,
the whole matter of collecting statistical informa-
tion ought to be disconnected from the enumeia-
tion of the inhabitants; although I believe I here-
tofore have had occasion to say m this body, when
the bill respecting the census was under discussion,
that I believed the collecting of statistic informa-
tion was an obstruction to the accuracy of the cen-
sus returns, and that they ought to be disconnect-
ed, rather than united; yet, believing this, I shall
prepare.no amendment on the subject, having en-
tire confidence m the majority, who seem to ac-
cord m favor of this measure. I am perfectly
willing, for one, to adopt this bill in the shape in
which it has been reported.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to trouble the Senate for a
moment only. I wish to be distinctly understood,
sir, as not desiring to arraign in any particular the
conduct of the Census Board. 1 have alluded to that
board only so far as I have found it necessary in
order to vindicate the course of the committee, and
no further. I wish, also, that the Senate should un-
derstand that the leport which has been read by
the Senator from Georgia, was before the Senate
at the time when our labors commenced. I desire
the Senator fuither to understand that that is the
only paper—the only document of any kind that
has come through the Senate, to the consideration
of the committee. 1 desire further that the Senate
understand, that when this committee met there
were certain tabular forms laid before them by the
Secretary of the Census Board, which he said were
the tables which had been adopted by the board.
I further wish the Senate to understand that the
Census Board disclaims these tables, and that they
are not similar to those now under consideration.
I would state fuither, that, under the circum-
stances, the question arose, what should the com-
mittee dor There appeared to be no alternative
hut that they should take such information as
might be communicated to them, and report to this
body a suitable bill, with suitable tables. 1 think
there was no disagreement in the Committee upon
that subject; I do not think they entertained any
doubt as to their duty in the premises at all. I
think the uniform sentiment of all the members
was, that if they reported a bill, without some
provision for tables, this body would be very likely
to charge them with neglecting to discharge a duty
which had been intrusted to them. The com-
mittee, therefore, went to work and made these
tables up. They heard of no other tables; they
heard of no other official report; and no paper had
reached them until theirreport was made and their
tables printed, together with the bill which is now
on your table. That is the state of the case.
There was no alternative for the committee but
to pursue exactly the course they did. They would
have been accused of a dereliction of duty if they
had taken any other viewaof the subject. And for
the Senator from Georgia, at this late stage of the
proceedings, to interpose what purports to be an
approved list of tables, to he adopted in the place
of the work of the committee, unless it can be
shown to the Senate that they are more perfect in
their character, and better adapted to the purposes
designed, is, I think, asking more than the Senate
are willing to allow; it is asking that to which I
cannot consent. This is the state of the fact; and
when I make this statement 1 do not intend to call
in question the conduct of anybody. The census
committee have proceeded with a sincere desire to
discharge the duties imposed upon them; they had
no other purpose or intention. They desired to do
it in the best manner they were able, and to submit
their work to your consideration. They have
done so. But we have gone further; we did not
stand upon this-point. The committee have com-
pared carefully what purports to be the official
tables with the tables which the committee have
prepared. I have no pride of opinion about it at
ail; for one, I am perfectly willing, if these are
really improved tables, to adopt them in the place
of those presented by the committee. But, so far
as I know, the members of the committee concur
in this view of the subject. They are of opinion
that their own tables are better adapted to the ob*-
'ject or design of the taking of the census than
those which purport to be official tables. It is
upon the grounds I have stated that* I vindicate the
conduct of the committee, and upon those grounds
I ask theJSenate to give their support to the bill.
The question being taken on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] it was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND proposed to amend the bill by
adding to the close of the 20th section the fol-
lowing:
" Provided, TJwit all the classifications, arrangements,
compendiums, abstract5;, tables, and other statements, in any
form, of the returns of the census, or preparatory printing
for taking the >«me. provided for in this act, prepaiod by or
under the direction and supervision of the Secietarv of the
Interioi, shall be piinted by the printers of the two Houses
of Congress, under the same rules, and on the same terms
upon which other printing for Congress is now done, or may
be done by any act or joint resolution of Congress now in
force, or which may be in force at the time when said
printing shall have to be done.
Mr. B. I deem it necessary, Mr. President, to
give my reason for offering this amendment; it is
this: This bill, as it now stands, gives to the Sec-
retary of the Interior the entire disposal of the
appropriation for the printing of all the papers at-
tendant upon taking this census. The amendment
provides, sir, that it shall be done by the printers
of the two Houses of Congress, under the same
law which now regulates the other printing of the
two Houses of Congress. This is briefly the
reason for offering the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Aikansas will
not be adopted. My observation with regard to
: printing, sir, has convinced me that of all printing
that ever was done since the art was invented,
that done by the authority of Congress is the very
worst that 1 have ever seen. It is printing badly
executed, on miserable paper; and I think the
chairman of the Committee on Printing agreed
with me on a former occasion, that the printing
executed for us last session was done in a most
miserable manner. To be sure I have seen within
two or thiee days some documents which are
printed considerably better and on better paper—
and 1 am glad to see it; but I must declare my op- -
position to any further execution of our work by
the printers appointed to Congress, until 1 have
some more forcible evidence that they are bringing
forth fruits meet for repentance. There is a great
deal of improvement needed. I am opposed to
having this printing done in the way in which our
Congressional printing has been done.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not differ at all with the
Senator from New Hampshire in regard to the
manner in which the printing for Congress has
been done, but I submit that the printing that has
been done during this session is of a proper kind,
and of a quality sufficiently good in all respccts,
fully answering the desired purpose. This could
not he said of the printing at the last session under
the contract. The Senator from New Hampshire
has not misrepresented the style of that printing
in the least; the printing was as bad as the Senator
represented it
But the printing under the present arrangement
has been good, and so far has given satisfaction
