290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
interest of every portion of the people of the Uni-
ted States that these two subjects should not inter-
fere. I maintain that there is no just affinity
between them; I see no good to arise out of this
forced connection; I see much mischief that may
arise, and therefore I wish to see them severed. I
would give nothing for the industrial statistics
connected in this manner; for I am satisfied that
they are not only worth nothing, but that they are
calculated to do much mischief, and to produce
false action and false results.
I therefore move that, the bill be recommitted to
the committee from which it was reported, with
instructions so to amend the bill as to confine its
operations to the enumeration of the inhabitants of
the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. I have always had some doubt
as to the propriety of making this census report
the vehicle for obtaining information on other sub-
jects. These were the views I had at.the last ses-
sion, and were so expressed to the committee.
The Constitution devolves on Congress the duty,
and makes it imperative, to provide for taking the
census every ten years. As incident to that, I
very readily conceive that we can easily get an es-
timate of property, personal and real, of all the
inhabitants of the United States. To that extent
I am willing to go. Although this other informa-
tion may be desirable, if we could collect it, the
duty of Congress is confined, I think, to taking the
census, and perhaps the amount of property, with
a view to taxation.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, being a member
of the Committee on Printing, I wish to submit a
few remarks to the Senate upon that subjeet. I
have had the good fortune 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Atchi-
son.) I would suggest to the Senator that the
proposition now before the Senate is the motion
made by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] to recommit the bill with instructions to
report an amendment.
Mr SMITH. If my remarks are not strictly
in order, I do not desire any indulgence from the
Senate, because I can make the suggestions which
I wish to offer at another time, when they will be
in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER ruiedthe remarks
not in order.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Chair decide that it is
not proper to debate the question now before us?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairruled
that it was not in order to debate the question of
printing, the question before the Senate being the
motion to recommit with instructions.
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] will withdraw his
motion, I wish very much to be allowed to say a
.few words upon the question of printing. I hope
that he will consent to withdraw it, as there are
two of us who desire to be heard upon that'
question.
Mr. BADGER thereupon withdrew the motion
to recommit.
Mr. SMITH. I was about to remark to the
Senate, that it has been my good fortune to agree
with the honorable chairman on all questions
which have hitherto come before our committee;
but we now come to a point in relation to which I
am constrained to differ from my friend. There
is only one thing wanting in the bill, as it comes
from the committee, which I now suggest to the
Senate—though I wish to remark, in the first place,
that I fully accord in the opinion which has been
expressed by my friends upon the other side of
the Chamber, that the time has gone by for invest-
ing the head of any department with an arbitrary
discretion upon this subject of printing. The
printing of the last census, we know very well,
was done by Blair & Rives, under a contract,
made, I suppose, by the State Department. It
was printing that was not let out to the lowest
bidder, and I have always understood that those
gentleman made a very handsome fortune out of
that operation. Now, it so happens, I suppose,
that this bill, as drawn by the committee, so far as
the printing of the census is concerned—I mean
the results, the abstract of the work—is a mere
copy of the old bill, as I understood the chairman
of the committee to say—the bill under which
Messrs. Blair & Ri ves were employed to print
what we ordinarily call the census. It will be
recollected that it was printed in two forms—a
large form, and a compendium. This was all
done by Blair & Rives, under an arbitrary power
by the executive authorities of the country to make
just such a contract as they pleased.
Mr. DOWNS, (interposing.)* Will the honor-
able Senator please to state whether Blair &. Rives
were not public printers at the time.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir. I believe they were
the public printers; but they did not deiive the
authority, as I understand it, from that source. I
may be mistaken upon that subject; and if so, I
trust I shall be corrected by some other gentleman
of the Senate. It is my impression that they did
not derive their authority to do the printing of the
census under the appointment of either of the two
Houses of Congress. It will be recollected that
Congress, at that time, appointed no public printer.
Each of the two branches of Congress elected its
printer. During the Twenty-sixth Congress,
(when the honorable gentleman put the question I
did not recollect the fact,) Thomas Allen was the
printer of the House of Representatives, selected
by that body. Blair & Rives, if I mistake not,
•*were the printers of the Senate; so that there was
no public printer in the sense which my honorable
friend has indicated; and I may say that the con-
tact (I have no manner of doubt upon the point
now) was made with the Executive Department
of the Government—probably with the Depart-
ment of State, conformably with the old law.
Nov/, then, this committee has reported this
bill, as I have before remarked, containing the
provision of the old law, and conferring on the
head of the Department of the Interior the arbi-
trary power of^making a contract with any indi-
vidual that he pleases, and upon any terms he
may see fit, without advertising, without com-
petition. To any such provision in this bill I am
utterly opposed—not that I believe that the honor-
able gentleman at the head of that department
would abuse the trust thus confided in him; I am
convinced he will execute it with as much fidelity
as any otner of the distinguished citizens of the
country.
Now, sir, in order to realize, or rather to carry
out, what has been the policy of the Government
for several years past—to wit: to have all the pub-
lic printing let out at contract, and given to the
lowest bidder—all that is required is the addition
of a few words to the last clause of the 20th sec-
tion. The last clause reads thus:
" And, further, as the returns are so made, to cause the
same to b«> classified and arranged m Hie best and most con-
venient manner for use; and thousand copies thereof to
be printed for distribution."
Now, sir, if the amendment of my honorable
friend shall fail, I will propose to add to that clause
these words: tl On contract, as now provided by
law."
It will be observed by the Senate, on recurring
to the 21st section of the bill, in relation to the pre-
paratory printing, that there is a clause requiring
that such printing shall be let out by contract to
the lowest bidder; it is in these works:
"In order to give dispatch to bimne&s, the said Secre-
tary shall be authoiized to contract for the necessary pre-
paratory printing by ten days'nottce, instead of the time now
required by law."
I do not remember what time the law requires.
Will the honorable Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Borland] please to state what that time is?
Mr. BORLAND. A month.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir; it requires a, month.
Now,in order to expedite the printing m this partic-
ular case, the committee have very properly altered
the old law. They have said that the preparatory
printing should be put out upon contract, but that
the Secretary shall only be required to give ten
days' notice, so that the whole of those who are
engaged in this business of printing, those who
are connected with the papers, and those who are
not connected with the papers, can come in and
bid for this preparatory printing. Now all, as I
humbly conceive, the Senate should do, is simply
to provide that when the subject of printing the
census comes up, the Department should let out
that printing on contract, so as to admit the whole
typographical corps m this city into competition
for it, and that is all that the public ought to de-
sire in relation to this subject. a
Mr. President, I regret to differ with my hon-
orable friend, the chairman of the committee, with
whom I am associated, in the opinion that he has
expressed that this work would be deemed to be
included in the contract which the two Houses of
Congress have made with certain gentlemen to
execute the printing of Congress. I submit to the
honorable Senator that this is not punting for
Congress. It is printing for the Department of
the Interior, and for the people of the United
States.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me?
The amendment which I propose to be adopted is,
to order this printing to be done by Congress, ami
thus the same will come withm the contract of the
public printers.
Mr- SMITH. I conceive not. The gentleman
knows very well that we have made an advanta1-
geous contract with these printers. He knows very
well that they have stipulated to do the public print-
ing, I believe I would not be extravagant in saying,
for one-half of what it will cost them to do the
work. When we have irmde—I will not call it a
shaving contract, but it shaves mighty close—will
the honorable Senator claim that we can impose all
sorts of pubhc printing upon them? Can we order
them to print the acts of Congress, or anything
beyond what was agreed upon? Congress ought
not to do this, simply because we have made a hard
batrgain with these printers. No, sir; no, sir!
that is not my understanding of the proper method
of dealing with these people. Is it right, the very
moment that Congress finds out thai they have
got an advantageous contract, to order ail sort3-of
printing, by putting it into the form of a law? I
do not know but 1 may be wrong upon this sub-
ject, and certainly there are few gentlemen whose
views I more sincerely respect than those of my
worthy friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Borlakd.}
But there is another thing for our consideration.
There is no member of this body who is or can be
more thoroughly convinced than my honorable
friend from Arkansas, that these printers cannot
possibly go on under this contract. I wish to do
them the justice here of saying that I have never
known the public printing, during the ten years
that I have been in Congress, either in point of
paper or of typography, to compare in quality or
excellence with the document we have here—[hold-
ing up the President's message with the accompa-
nying documents.] My friend is much more
competent than I am to form an opinion upon that
subject; but I have seen no public document since
I have been in Congress, which I think was as
well done as the document which has been laid
upon our tables this morning. And now does my
worthy friend believe that these contractors can
possibly go on under this contract? I do not
know what resources they may have to sustain a
heavy loss. I do not know but they may have
very large fortunes. I understand that they are
highly respectable gentlemen, who are employed
in the "Union "office in this city; I hardly know
in what capacity, hut no doubt their situation is
very respectable. I presume that they may be
gentlemen of very considerable property, but it is
not at all probable that they have a fortune which
wiH enable them to sustain a loss of a great many
thousands of dollars. Why, Mr. President, the
printers of the last Congress came here demanding
an indemnityr I do not remember to what amount.
We have had this question before the Committee
on Printing. The printers of the last Congress
have come here for indemnity for theii losses; arid
yet the printers of the present Congress have un-
derbid the printers of the last Congress by a very
large per cent age; and the honorable chairman, as
well as myself, is thoroughly convinced that these
printers cannot execute this contract withoutheavy
losses. What is it, then, that my friend proposes?
He suggests that within a few days he is going to
make a proposition upon this subject. Perhaps it
would not be proper for me to anticipate that prop-
position; but I woul^i inquire, Mr. President,
whether the proposition is to recur to the eld sys-
tem—the election of a printer by the Senate and
House of Representatives each: Now, the amend-
ment of my worthy friend provides 
Mr. DOWNS, (interposing.) WiH the Sen-
ator allow me.' In answer to my question a few
minutes ago, the Senator stated that at the Q6th
Congress Messrs. Blair & Rives were not the
printers of both Houses of Congress. I havesince
been informed, by a gentleman who is acquainted
with the facts, that they were the printers of both
Houses at that time.
Mr. SMITH. As I happened to be a member
of the 27th Congress, and had something to (Jo
with the proceedings of that body upon this sub-
ject, I think that my friend must be wholly mis-
