1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER- The gentleman from New
York will reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested /hat the gen-
tleman modify his proviso so as to state that the
priming was to be done with the voluntary con-
sent of the prespnt contractor.
Mr. MeWILLtE. Mr. Ritchie has expressed
his assent in the letter just read.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would like to
have it stated on the face of the resolution.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, suggested to the
gentleman from New York and the gentleman
from Illinois, that if this was to be made the occa-
sinn for blood-letting, so far as the present printer
was concerned, he proposed that the public printer
should be authorized to print this pamphlet in
extra style and for an" extra compensation. He
would not vote for any amendment which would
have the effect of taking away this work from the
public printer upon any such avowal as had been
made that the printer was to be held to his general
contract. If he were to be held, he (Mr. McL.)
hiid no idea of taking this profitable part of the
printing; from him. No gentleman could suppose '
that the fact of this letter being read by the hon-
orahle chairman of the Committee on Printing, as
a part of his speech, had any bearing upon the
contract. But if they were to go out of their way,
find make it of some effect upon the contract, he
was for doing justice—for enforcing the perform-
ance of this contract by the contractor, and, if
they wished it done in extra style, let them give
extra pay. There had been war enough upon
tnis humble printer; it was not, however, upon
the printer, but upon 
A Voice " The security."
Mr. MrLANE. Yes, npon Mr. Ritchie, the
security for the printer. That is all he is 
Ivfr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to state, that Mr. Ritchie, in the'eom-
nuttee room, personally stated that he was the
responsible person for the public printing
_ Mr. McLANE said he had no desire at this
time to enter into an argument with the gentleman
from Illinois upon this point. It had been suggest-
ed in a side-bar way, that, Mr. Ritchie was the se-
curity and he [McL.,] had so spoken of him. He
was the security, and being such, his having be-
come the assignee, for his own protection, did not
change the character of his relation to this subject
The case of Mr. Ritchie, the editor of the Union—
the contractor, if they pleased, but rather the secu-
rity for the contractor, was at this time before the
special committee. Let it rest there. He had
nothing to do with it. He did not wish to make
any allusion to the labors of the committee or to
the statements of Mr. Ritchie before thecommittee.
Bat he did protest against favorable action on the
part of the House upon the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, which went out of the
way to take up this matter of the general printing.
Mr. DUER said the committee had applied To
Know whether they would be permitted to have
this done by contract. Mr. Ritchie said ■'I consent
hut I have entire confidence that the House will
relieve me from a very hard contiart." Now, he
a^ked, if Congress accepted this offer, if they did
not bind themselves to release the contractor ? He
need not ask thegentleman from Maryland whether,
&s a man ofhonor, he would accept a release from
an individual accompanied with the statement that
he should expect a favor from him,and bavin#
accepted it, claim that he was not bound to comply
with the prescribed condition?
Mr. McLANE said he should have very little
respect for himself, us a man of honor, if he ex-
pected thatMr. R.i'chie could say anythingof him
a member of this House, other than he had said.
All he had said was, that he took it for granted
that Congress would be governed by principles of
magnanimity and justice, or something to that
effect—he (Mr, McL ) did not remember the
precise words.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, interposed, and
suggested to his friend from Maryland the propri-
ety of moving the previous question, and not
further continuing this discussion relative to the
public printing at a time when they were callcd to
do an act of respect to the departed President.
This subject would come up for discussion hereaf-
ter.
Mr. McLANE replied that he had not intro-
duced this question, nor had he any desue to de-
tain the House upon it, but action being proposed
1385
prejudicial to the rights and interests of the public
printer, he had felt himself bound to resist it.
_ He saw no necessity for having the work done
in extras tyle, or for taking: it from the hands of
the regular contractor; but if the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House were to be author-
ized to contract anew for it, let the resoluion say
nothing about the regular printer, or his contract.
In conclusion, he moved the previous question,
but withdrew it at the request of
Mr EVANS, of Maryland, who said he thought
the remarks of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Duer] pertinent; arid that Congress was
likely to get themselves into trouble on this ques-
tion. He proceeded to say that the proceedings
relative to the public printing under this contract,
and the printing itself, had been, from the begin-
ning to the end, of a most extraordinary character.
The contractor, who had bound himself in a proper
manner and according to a prescribed specimen to
do for this great Government the printing of the
President's messages, of documents of grave and
permanent importance, constituting the materials ,
from which the future history of the Government I
wa<s to be written—this contractor came forward,
and in the letter which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing had causcd to be read, had de- j
dared that the manner in which he did his work
was too bad for the printing of the remarks made
in both Houses of Congress upon the death of the
late President, and recommended that this print-
ing be let out by contract to somebody else, that
it might be done in a better manner. He said, if
the contract was to be faithfully executed, and the
Committee on Printing were to do their duty, the
| style of printing would be abundantly good—it
needed be no better. The provisions of the con-
tract (for he had taken pains to look into it) were
sufficiently stringent, if they were faithfully ful-
filled, to secure the printing as well as the reports
of the Bntish Parliament were printed. Their
printing cost no more thon ours did, yet it was
superior in every rcspect to the printing which
was executed for Congress. Congress had 50
long submitted to this system of cheating the Gov-
ernment—of furnishing paperof inferior quality,
of doing wotk unfit to be handed down to those
who should succeed them, of doing everything
in the most corrupt manner, that the public pi inter
now came forwaid, and said, If you want a little
pamphlet containing the proceedings relative to
the death of the President punted in proper style,
get somebody else to do it. My style is not good
enough. He hoped that this proposition would
be voted down. If they were to have the contract
system, he went for sticking to it—for holding the
contractors to the fulfillment of their contract. He
would leave them to cheat the Government no
longer. It was one of the greatest swindles that
ever wa*; he repeated, it was a gross swindle.
Mr. HOLMES (the floor heing" yielded) cited
the case of the contract taken by Gales and Scaton
during the twenty-seventh Confess, at prices
which were not adequate, and of Congress, at the
last night of the session, making an additional ap-
propriation so as to make the compensation equiv-
alent to what it would have been under fair rates.
Mr. EVANS said, he had net said that the pres-
ent coniract prices paid Mr. Ritchie were suffi-
cient. He had said no such thing; for aught he
(Mr. E.) knew, he might not receive enough by
one hundred per cent. But he said it was a gross
swindle, after entering into a contract to do the
work in a certain style—which style was good
enough, and as good as was now proposed by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Piinting—
for the contractor to come forward and say he could
not do the work well enough, and that Congress
must send somewhere else to have the work done.
As another illustration of the manner of pro-
ceeding under this contract, he referred to the
statement made by the chairman, that the second
part of .the Patent Office report—the agricultural
part of it—in which the agricultural portion of the
country felt so deep an interest, had not been
touched; that nothing had been done about it
He wanted this fact to go out to the people of the
country.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. E. yielding for explana-
tion) said, he understood his colleague to present
charges against the contractor, in a manner even
more offensive than that which had been employed
by gentlemen who had preceded him. lie knew
his colleague had no desire to do injustice to the
contractor or to any one connected with the print-
ing. His colleague represented Mr. Ritchie as
saying that he could not do this work: he was en-
tirely mistaken. Mr. Ritchie had said no such
thing. What he had said was, that if Congress
wanted this job done in extra style, let them give
it out to contract; but he said he could do it under
his contract, and that it would be a most piofitabte
job.
. Mr. EVANS replied, that the specimen which
the gentleman from Mississippi had presented was
not of a superior style to that which was provided
for by Mr. Ritchie's contract.
Mr. McLANE took issue with hia colleague on
this point, and said, that the specimen proposed
was of a totally different style of printing, and
sixty per cent, better than that provided for by the
contract.
Mr. EVANS agreed that it was of a totally dif-
ferent style from that in which the printing under
the contract was actually done; but he insisted that
it was no better than that stipulated for in the con-
tract. He further condemned the manner ot the
printing,and pronounced it a total disgrace to Con-
Mr. McMULLEN made the point, that the re-
j marks of the gentleman from Maryland upon the
I general subject of printing were inefevant to the
resolution before the House, and out of order.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. EVANS said, he would endeavor not to
trespass upon the rules of order.
Mr. E. again yielded the floor to
Mr, TOOMBS, who cited the cases of appli-
cations for extra compensation to the public printer
in the 27th and 29th Congresses, as evidences of
the caution with which this House should act in
this matter of contracts. He adverted to effoits
that were making to break down the contract sys-
tem. He believed that system, properly carried
out, to be the correct one, and hoped it would be
sustained.
Mr. EVANS thanked the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] for the fa U he had stated,
which he (Mr. E.) thought, furnished a com-
plete answer to the remarks of thegentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.]
Mr. E. then briefly reaffirmed his desire that, so
long as the contract system remained in existence,
the contractors should be held to their contract.
He was opposed to the execution of this particu-
lar work, un,les3 it should be done by the public
printer according to the style which had been con*
tracted for, whatever that might be. Jf, however,
the resolution was to be adopted, he should vote m
favor of the amendment which had been offered
to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, obtained the
floor, but yielded for the moment to
Mr. DUER, who desired to modify his amend-
ment. lie did not v.ish, he said, to take from
the public printer the profits of this work, and
Mr. Ritchie had declared that it belonged to a
cUss of printing which was profitable. But he
(Mr. D.) did not wish to receive the release of
these profits from Mr. Ritchie as the basis of a
claim for relief from the contract generally.
Mr. D. then modified his amendment to read as
follows:
To insert after the word " printed," the words
" in conformity with existing laws and contracts."
The modification having been read—
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas, resumed the floor.
He said that he desired to bring back the recollec-
tion of the House to the fact, that this morning,
something less than an hour ago, the House had *
adopted a resolution introduce ! by ihe gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] chairman of
the Committee on Elections, providing that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on an important question, should ter-
minate to-morrow at two o'clock A more serious
quesfon, so far as the constitution of the country
was concerned, had not been before Congi ess during
the present session. He did not intend to make
any remarks upon it at this time. He believed
that the House was prepared to give its vote upon
the resolution now before it, and he purposely re-
frained from submitting any remarks upon it, in
order that he might, with the more, propriety, ad-
here to the motion which he intended to submit.
He hoped that gentlemen would not endeavor to
induce htm to withdraw that motion, as he should
feel it to be his duty to decline to do so. The de-
