292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
discretion, versed as he evidently is in the ways of
the world, and familiar with all those sbcial influ-
ences which make and unmake character, estab-
lish and overturn the reputation of men, either in
high places or in obscure positions. But it would
seem to me that all this extraordinary alarm, dis-
played by him in regard to the danger of subsidi-
zing the public press of Washington is in decidedly
bad taste, and calculated to subject both himself
and others*to serious misapprehension. Now, sir,
the peculiar relations known to exist between him-
self and one of the respectable journals here, en-
listed in the support of the Administration—the
extraordinary efforts which he is reported to have
made, in order to bring about its establishment
and promote its circulation—should render the hon-
orable gentleman a little particular how he talks
with such a tremulous solicitude about the danger
of corrupting the newspaper press of Washington.
I do not mention these things for the purpose of
throwing upon the honorable gentleman the least
discredit in connection with those acts of his to
which I have alluded; they were doubtless well
intended,'and must be at least acknowledged to
have been more or less marked with something
very like public spirit. Far less do I intend to as-  ;
sail the special organ of the Administration. My I
oSject simply is to guaid the honorable Senator
from Connecticut against the effects but too likely I
to result from such indiscretion as he has practised
upon this occasion, and to endeavor, if possible, j
to prevent a repetition of such conduct in future.
And now, sir, I must say that my chief reason
for supporting the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Arkansas is, that, if adopted, it will
somewhat retrench the greatly overgrown patron-
age of the Department of the Interior. It is not my
purpose to find fault with the present incumbent of
that high place. I should be unwilling to go out
of my'way with a view simply to employing the
language of decrial in regard to one of whom 1
personally know but little, and of all whose official
acts I am resolved to exercise a cool and temperate
judgment. Nor am I influenced byar^y feeling of
special hostility to any of those now in power.
No, sir, no; my motives are higher and more sub-
stantial. I have ever been opposed to the undue
multiplication of Executive patronage. 1 have ever
looked upon this multiplication as the most serious
danger which menaced Gur free institutions. When
the bill for the establishment of the Department of
the Interior was in progress here, many and grave
objections were urged against the proposed mea-
sure; the chief of which was, that it would greatly
and dangerously increase Executive patronage,
and impart to the whole machinery of Government
a fatal tendency towards centralization. The meas-
ure was brought suddenly before us for consid-
eration; we had not time to explore it in all its
bearings. It came to us, too, connected with
many other matters of surpassing interest. Rec-
ommended, as it had been, by an excricnced
statesman, for whose judgment I had ever felt
a most profound respect, I voted for it regard-
less of the solemn prophecies uttered at the time
in relation to the consequences likely to flow
from it. Well, sir, the measure has been tried;
it has been fully tested by experience ; and it is
using language of great moderation to say that
it has proved deeply mischievous in its operation ;
that it has enlarged the amount of Executive
patronage to an extent highly alarming; and that
it holds out distinct menaces of future mischief,
which it is impossible to disregard without a
shameful neglect of our public duty. What shall
be done to obviate these fearful evils? Why,
the plain remedy is the one proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] a
few days since, for repealing the Home Department
altogether. .Meanwhile, until this can be effected,
I shall vote for every proposition which may be
calculated, in a legitimate mode, to retrench the
patronage of the department within reasonable
limits. I shall vote for the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Arkansas, because it
seems calculated in some degree to have that effect.
I shall support it, also, for the reasons already
stated by him and others ; and especially because
it proposes to have this large amount of census >
printing done by our own officers, responsible to us I
in every inay, and subject to be held by us to fair and \
efficient accountability. j
On motion by Mr. MANGUM,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 5, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday (a very long record of
proceedings) was read in part, when a motion was
made, by
Mr. BOWL1N, that the further reading thereof
be dispensed with. Much time (Mr. B. remarked)
would thus be saved.
The question was taken and the House decided
that the further reading should not be suspended.
The reading of the Journal was then concluded,
and the Journal was approved.
OBITUARY.
Mr. HAYMOND arose and addressed the House
as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I have risen for the purpose of
announcing to this House the death of the honor-
able Alexander Newman, a member elect to a
seat in this Congress from the fifteenth Congres-
sional district of Virginia, which district I have
the honor to represent.
Mr. Newman, while on a visit to Pittsburg in
July last, fell a victim to the terrible scourge of
Asiatic cholera, which has stricken down so many
of our people in the valley of the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers during the past year, and closed his
mortal career in a few hours after he was taken ill.
He left, sir, I am informed, a young and numerous j
family of children that looked to him for protection J
and support.
Mr. Nkwmw was a native of Virginia, and was
born in 1806, in the vicinity of Orange.
I knew him well and favorably from the time
he entered public life until the day of his decease.
He was a gentleman of warm and of ardent feel-
ings, firm and steadfast in his political opinions,
kind and courteous in his social relations. When
quite young, and shortly after he was married,
Mr. Newman removed to and settled in the county
of Marshall. In 1836 he was first elected a mem-
ber of the Legislature of his native State from that
county; which he continued to represent for sev-
eral years, and until he was elected by his district
to represent them in the State Senate; in which
several stations he so conducted himself as to se-
cure the support and confidence of his constituents.
In June, 1845, he was appointed postmaster for
the city of Wheeling, which position he continued
to occupy until March, 1849, when he resigned,
and became a candidate for a seat on this floor.
He was elected over a talented and distinguished
gentleman, and would at this time be occupying
the seat which I now occupy, if he had not been
stricken down in the prime of life.
Jn conclusion,
Mr. HAYMOND offered the following resolu-
tions of condolence, which were agreed to:
Resoh'cd, That this House, having heard with deep re-
gret of the dentil o! the Hon. Alexander Newman, arnem-
bei of this body from the fifteenth Congressional Dis-
trict of Virginia, will, as a mark of respect for his memory,
wear crape on the left arm for tinny dajs.
Resolved, That this- le&ulution be forwarded to his family.
Resolved, An a furthei mark of respect, that tins House do
now adjourn.
And so the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. BOOTH : The petition of C. S. Hubbard and 239
other citizens of Deep River, in the State of Connecticut,
praying for the reduction of postage to two cents on half
ounce letters.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of E. A. Maynard and
other citizens of Buffalo, in favor of cheap postage.
Also, the petition of J. H. Plumb and other citizens of
Gowanda, pravmg for a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. A. G. BROWN: The petition and papers ol John
B. Hand, of Mississippi,pra.ving to have refunded certain
money paid by him to A. A. Kincannon, a Government
agent, and which Government required him to repay; which
wa< referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Mrs. Mary W.
Thompson, widow of the late Lieut. Col. Alexander R.
Thompson, asking to be allowed a pension for the services
. ofhei husband.
j By Mr. W1LMOT: A petition signed by 70 citizens of
Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, asking a reduction in
the rates of postage. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of C. L. Hairington. and others, heirs
of Khenezer Harrington, an officer in the'wai of the Revo-
lution, praying compensation lor the services of their an-
cestor. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
B> Mr. 1IIBBARD: The petition of George A. Cos-si tt
mid others, citizens of Lancaster, New Hampshire, praying
that the rate of postage on prepaid letters bo established at
two cents per ounce. Referred to the Committee on the
Po^t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of Lorenzo Bliss, and i!2
other citfeens of Ohautauque county, New York, praying
Congress to grant an appropuation for the improvement of
Portland harbor on Lake Erie. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Bv Mr. ROBBTN3 : A memorial of merchants, and other
citizens of Pennsvlvamn, asking- that a harbor be con-
stiucted on the eastern side of Reedy Inland, to protect the
shipping against the floating ice and other oa-ualties in cer-
tain seasons of the yea'r. Signed by C. A. Walborn, Tobias
Beekler, and others. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
BvMr. POTTER: The petition of George W. Andrews,
R. J. S. Hollis, and others, citizens of Anglaize county,
Ohio, and sundry citizens of Hdtdm county, asking the
establishment of a post route from Wapaukonnetta to
Kenton.
Also,, the petition of Charles Winslow and others, citizens
of Cleveland, Ohio, asking for the establishment of a semi-
monthly mail between New York and San Francisco, in
California. Referred to the Committee ori the Post Office
and Post Road*..
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of William Lynch, of But-
ler county. Pennsylvania, praying Congress to grant him a
pension on account of wounds received in the Jate war with
Great Britain. Refeired to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 5, 3850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with an act more effectually
to provide for the national defence by establishing
a uniform militia throughout the United States,
approved the 2d March, 1803, covering a report
of the Adjutant General of the United States army,
giving an abstract of the returns of the militia of all
the States and Territories; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions of cit-
izens ofRochester, New York, asking for the re-
duction of postage and the abolition of the franking
privilege; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin E. S. Ely, pro-
posing for the consideration of Congress a plan for
maintaining a military force in California; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of the
Central Bank of Georgia, assignees of Henry W.
Jernigan, asking indemnity for Indian depredations
during the Creek war; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of David
Humphreys, a soldier in the warof 1812, asking a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the memorial of
Richard North and Gaylord Griswold, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations; which was referred
to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. CASS presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a grant of land in
support of the State Normal School; which was
referred tn the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented the memorial of Ezra
Williams, asking compensation for services ren-
dered as a clerk in the General Land Office; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition of settlers on the reserved lands
of the United States in the State of Michigan,
asking the right of preemption to said lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Saybrook, Connecticut, asking the adoption of
measures for the amicable adjustment of interna-
tional controversies; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking that a
capitation tax may be imposed on foreigners com-
ing into the United States, and such specific im-
port duties as will protect the domestic industry of
the United States against foreign competition; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted documents relating to
the claim of Nancy A. Dewitt to the reissue of a
military bounty land warrant; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the petition of the
representatives of Joseph Watson, submitted a
report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief, which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
