1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Hall
J. Kelley, submitted an adverse report on the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN,from the Committeeof Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of John H.
Eaton, asking to be reimbursed the cost of a cer-
tain Arabian horse purchased of the United States
that was afterwards found to be impotent, sub-
mitted an adverse report on the same; which was
ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of James Wilson, surviving
partner of William Wilson & Sons, submitted an
adverse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SMITH, from the select committee, to
which was referred numerous memorials, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
Mr. HUNTER, from the minority of the com-
mittee, gave notice of his intention to submit a
minority report; which he moved to be printed.
The motion io print was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT TO NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill grant-
ing to the State of North Carolina the amount of
money advanced and transportation furnished to
volunteers from that State, during the war with
Mexico, reported back the same without amend-
'ment;. . , , ,
' Mr. BADGER. I move that the bill be now
read a second time, and disposed of.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
,the Whole. .
/ Mr. BORLAND. I will state in a few words the
' grounds upon which the committee have reported
this bill. This claim of the State of North Carolina
arises under the act of Congress making provision
for the payment of the expenses of the volunteer
troops raised for the war in Mexico. The provi-
sions of the act extended to the appropriations of
money made by the States as well as individuals.
The Military Committee believe that this claim
properly comes under the provision of the act, and
that it should have been paid under that construc-
tion of the law by the War Department. The
Secretary of War, however, under the rules es-
tablished by that Department, thinks the vouchers
furnished by the State of North Carolina are flot
such as those rules require. Application is there-
fore made to Congress for a special act making this
appropriation. The Secretary admits the charge
to be a reasonable one, and only finds a difficulty
in the manner in which the vouchers are prepared.
Mr KING. It is with great reluctance I say a
word on this claim of the State of North Carolina.
I take it for granted that the claim is well founded,
but I desire to know what is the specific ground
upon which it has been suspended or rejected by
the War Department. Now, we have passed a
general law authorizing the payment of all claims
of this character, either from S.tates or individuals,
and if we pass a special law in this instance,
where the rules of the Department have not been
complied with ,will it not be establishing a precedent
requiring it to be done in every similar instance ?
Mr BORLAND. The War Department has
not suspended or rejected the claim from any want
of evidence that the money had been paid by the
State. But the rules of the Department require
that the vouchers presented should be the receipts
of the soldiers and others, to whom the money was
naid. Under the circumstances under which this
money was paid these vouchers were not obtained.
The money was paid in North Carolina to the
commanding officer of the regiment, and by him
to the captains, and afterwards by them to the
several companies. This evidence has been fur-
nished to the Governor of the State of North Car-
olina, and he has made application for refunding
the money paid-$9,000; a hule more than ten dol-
lars to each individual* which the Secretary of
War says is a very moderate allowance.
There being no amendment, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and was then ordered to a
third reading, and by general consent it was read
a third time and passed.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bedireeted to
report to the Senate copies of the advertisements he has at
any time issued, the proposals he has received, and the con-
tracts! he has entered into for the printing for his Department,
together with the rates and prices of any printing which has
been done or arranged for by In* direction.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
Mr. FOOTE. I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to the pending resolution of the Sen-
ator from Michigan. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] was courteous enough
yesterday to consent to withdraw the amendment
offered by him, provided I would make this public
application to him to do so. Upon his withdraw-
ing that amendment I propose to offer some addi-
tional resolutions, by way of amendment to that
of the Senator from Michigan. My object is only
to call up the resolution for the purpose I have
named, so that the amendments may be offered and
printed.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I trust that, for the
reasons stated by the Senator from Mississippi,
this resolution may be taken up, and likewise that
a day may be assigned when the gentleman from
Georgia may be heard on the subject, the oppor-
tunity of doing which he was deprived of yester-
day.
The resolution relative to the suspension of dip-
lomatic relations with Austria was then taken up
for consideration.
Mr. HALE. In accordance with the suggestion
of the Senator from Mississippi yesterday, I will
withdraw the amendment which I have proposed.
I do not do it as an indication that 1 have at all
changed the views which I expressed on the sub-
ject when I addressed the Senate some days since,
but simply for the purpose of putting the resolu-
tion in a shape in which the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will be in order, reserving the
right to offer it again if I shall think it necessary.
Mr. FOOTE. The resolution-which I hold in
my hand, together with the one to be proposed by
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Soule,] the Sen- |
ator from Michigan has agreed to accept, which !
three, thus forming a series of resolutions on the
subject, will read as follows:
Resolved, That the heroic smugglers for freedom in Hun-
gary aie, in the judgment of the Senate, entitled to the
warmest «ympathv and respect of the American People and
Government, as well bv reason of the virtues which they
have exhibited as of the sufferings which they have been
fated to endure. _ . _ , . , .
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be in-
structed to inquireinto the expediency of suspending diplo-
matic relations with Austria.
Resolved. That it is expedient,that a grant of public Jand
should be made upon the most liberal tcims to the Hunga-
rian refugees now in this country, or who may arrive upon
our shores within a limited period hereafter, on condition of
their permanent settlement upon the same, and their event-
ual naturalization, in conformity with existing laws.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, I beg leave to of-
fer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the same committee be further instructed
to inquire into the expediency of requesting the President of
the United States to inteicnde wilh the Government of 1 ur-
kev either through a special minister of the United States
or through the present minister accredited to that court, (or
the hbeiation of Kossuth and of such of 111? companions 5ii
misfortune as may be under duress within the dominions of
Turkey, witn a tender to them of the United States as an
asjlum, Md providing, if need be, for their immediate re-
moval hither.
"Mr. FOOTE. I move that the amendments be
laid on the table and printed, and that the resolu-
tions be made the special order of the day for ^
Monday next. That, 1 hope, will be agreeable to ij
the Senator from Georgia. I[
Mr. BERRIEN assented. !|
The motion was agreed to. jj
MR. CLAY'S COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. II
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order; which
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 6, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POST ROUTES IN OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON rose and remarked:
Mr, Speaker, I have a matter, sir, which I wish
to get before the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, relative to the necessary mail
routes in Oregon Territory, and other matters. I
take the occasion to say, sir, that the chairman of
that committee isanxious that the matters contained
in the resolutions should come before his commit-
tee for consideration. I have no doubt, therefore,
the House will allow the resolutions to be read and
agreed to. The resolutions were then read.
Mr. KAUFMAN said that there were several
of the States and Teriitories which had not been
called for resolutions during the present session.
One of these States was Texas. He hoped the
House would consent to devote half an hour for
the call of these Slates and Territories for such
resolutions and bills (of which previous notice had
been given) as would not give rise to debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the introduction of the resolutions of th© gentle-
man from Oregon?
Mr. KAUFMAN. No, sir. I do not object to
this particular resolution; but I ask that the con-
sent may be made general for the purpose I have
indicated.
The resolution of Mr. Thurston was then in-
troduced, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed lo'inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing tlie following mail route:, ui Oregon Territory, to
Wit
A mail route from Astoria, by the mouth of the Cowlitz
liver, Plymouth, Portland, and Milwaukie, to Oiegon City.
Also, a route from Oiogon City—tin ougb Linn City, 1 ual-
itinPlains, by way of Wapatoo Lake, Yam Hill Falls,
O'Neal's Mills, J. C. Avery's, John Lloyd's, Eugene F.
Skinner's, and Elijah Bnstow'&, in Denton county, to
Scott's, in Uinpyna Valley.
Also, a. route from Oregon City by way of the Butte,
Champoog, Salem, Santyam Ferry, Albany, Upper Crossing
of the Calapoom, to Jacob Spore's in Linn county.
Also,a route fiom Nes-quaHy on Puget'a Sound, through the
Cowlitz Settlement, to the mouth ot the Cowlitz river.
Also, a route from Vaneouvet to Portland, and a route
from Oregon City by way of Hum i>on Wright's, on Molal-
la, Daniel YValdoN, in Champoeg county, to Jacob Conser's,
in Linn county. _ , „ ^ ,
Al -o, that the Committee on the Post Office and Post iloads
be lurther instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the mail service from Panama to California ana
Orecon, by transposing the mails between those points
twice a month each way.
A1k>, that said committee be further instructed to inquire
into the expediency of reducing the postage on all mailable
matter from the States to Oregon and California to the same
rates now established by law within the bouudsof the States
and organized Territories east of the KocKy Mountains, and
of having but one unifoi in rate of postage, applicable alike to
all the States and Territories of the United States.
Afro, that said committe® be further instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail route fiom &om«
convenient point on the Missouri river, by the city of the
Sait Lake, to Oregon City, in Oregon Territory, with a
! branch route from the SaitLake to Sacramento City in Cal-
ifornia, and into the best means of procuring the mail to be
carried on said routes.
And the resolution was adopted.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
which (he said) he wished might be read for in-
formation.
Mr. INGE objected, and called for the regular
order of business.
So the resolution was neither introduced nor
read.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the House
' to allow that the Journal be so corrected as to
1 strike out the votes given by him on Monday last.
| He stated that some time since he had agreed
i to pair off with Mr. Crowell, of Ohio, and that
! Mr. C. was to call upon and inform himi of the
j precise time at which he would leave, lb'® Mr.
C. hud not done ; and although he believed Mr.
motion was agreed to. _ || lu'u V.Ul,^rtK V ct"not having been impressed
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the ;; C. had left, yet the fee j sf tten at the
Whole, proceeded to the consideration of the res- j upon his mind, he had uueny D
olutions submitted by Mr. Clay, on the 29th ulti-
mo, proposing an amicable arrangement of all
questions in controversy between the Free and the
Slave States, growing out of the subject of slavery.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate at great length
in support and defence of his resolutions. Before
he had concluded he gave way for a motion to ad-
iourn. [His Speech will be found in the Appendix.]
On motion by Mr. FOOTE,
The Senate adjourned.
time his agreement with Mr. Crowell, and had
voted. His vote was consequently wrong; and as
U had in no instance affected the resuli he could
ask with greater confidence that it be stricken out
in|dr"pRESTONf'KING suggested, that if the
a-entleman was allowed to withdraw his name, a
fact uoon the Journal would thus be changed.
Mr JOHNSON. "Well, sir, the explanation I
have made to-day will answer my purpose.
