1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1$87
bounded, lying- east of the Rio Grande, was not,
in the estimation of either of the contracting par-
ties, already appurtenent to the Crown of Spam.
Tlien, Mr. Chairman, I will submit, that if the
right of Spain to this country was acquired from
the United States by the retrocession of Texas,
whether the onus probandi of a disconnection be-
tween Texas and New Mexico, by Spanish au-
thority, does not devolve upon the shoulders of
those who maintain that when we acquired Texas
we lost New Mexico ? Where is the act of Span-
ish authority making this disconnection? I have
never seen it.
It cannot be pretended that the State of Texas,
either as a component part of the Mexican Con-
federacy or at any time since, ever consented to
such a disconnection. On the contrary, Mr.
Chairman, do we not find her, not only during the
mi ery and trials of her revolution, but after the
achievement of her Independence, after the "lone
star" had assumed her appropriate position in the
galaxy of nations, firmly, stoutly, unceasingly
maintaining and asserting her right to this coun-
try? Texas never relinquished her rights, and
indeed the supposition that any such relinquish-
ment ever took place is refuted by a succession
of legislative acts, all conspiring to reduce into
actual possession, this, her territorial depend-
ency. The last resounding echo of the bat-
tle of San Jacinto had not yet died upon our
ears when we hear her declaring the extension of
her laws and constitution over all the country
east of the Rio Grande. But we are told she
was unable to reduce it into possession. This
was also the case with that much talked of Meso-
pitamia, lying between the Nueces and the Rio
Gtande; but I suppose that none of us are so
covetous of the distinction of a "straight jacket'5
as now to contend that the last-named river is not
the true western boundary of Texas, in the south-
ern portion of it.
But what availability is there in the position
that Texas was not able to reduce New Mexico
into possession ? It ptoves no defect of title, but
is, at the best, a mere evidence of national imbe-
cility. Our domestic history affords us examples
strictly analogous. The chartered limits of
North Carolina extended, between certain given
parallels of latitude, from the Atlantic ocean to the
Mississippi. That portion of her territory lying
west of the Blue Ridge fell into the possession of
a set of hardy adventurers, who not only denied
her authority, but putting her laws at defiance,
actually formed a State constitution, and demanded
admittance in the old Confederacy as one of the
States of the Union. Were her delegates received
by the Continental Congress? No, sir, they were
not; and why? Because the country they would
represent, if received, was a dependency of North
Carolina, and the inability of that State to reduce
it into subjection was not a relinquishment of a
title. Her sovereignty still continued to exist.
And again, it is a matter of history that the
colony of Virginia claimed as her property the
country lying north of the Ohio river. Her claim
was disputed, not only by other colonies, but by
the Mother Country. It was solemnly adjudica-
ted in the English Privy Council that her claim
was groundless; yet after the severance of this
country from England by the war of the Revolu-
tion and the relinquishment by the British Govern-
ment of her territorial rights to the American Con-
federacy, did our Government presume to possess
and retain this disputed country in opposition to
Virginia? On the contrary, was not our title
derived from Virginia by a deed of cession, and
was not that cession obtained at our solicitation?
The imagination is at fault to conceive the conse-
quences which would have befallen our infant Re-
public if she had made a forcible attempt to wrest
this country from Vnginia. Yet in what particu-
lar was the claim of Virginia, being a mere paper
title unaccompanied with possession, stronger
than the claim of Texas to New Mexico?
But even if there was any force in the argument
that the imbecility of Texas to reduce this coun-
try into possession amounted to a relinquishment
of her title, I maintain that our Government is es-
topped by its own actsand declarations from setting
up any title antagonistical to the claim of Texas.
By the-treaty of annexation, the United States
became trustee for Texas, to arrange and settle
her boundary; and, forsooth! it strikes me as a
novel doctrine to be mooted in a court of good con-
science—in a court of equity—that in making a
bargain affecting: the right of a cestui que trust,
the trustee can be justified, upheld, and sustained
in circumscribing those rights for his own benefit.
I have always imagined that all bargains and con-
tracts of this description inured to the benefit of
the cestui que trust; and hence, I have concluded,
that as our Government undertook, as the friend
of Texas, to settle her boundary, she must, as an
honest, as a faithful trustee, impart to that State
all the resulting advantages of the bargain. But
if-the voice of justice should fall upon our ears as
" the listless wind," 1 imagine that there is a power
to be found in the Federal Constitution which,
when cxcrcised, will compel us to admit, to the
fullest extent, the right of Texas to this country.
The Constitution of the United States and the
treaties made in puisuance of that instrument, are
declared to be the supreme law of the land; and I
would ask, have we not treaty stipulations made
with Texas, acknowledging her title to this coun-
try, and are not those stipulations still binding on
us ? By reference to a convention concluded be-
j tween the United States and Texas, in the year 1838,
we distinctly admitted our then entire western
boundary, now claimed as the eastern boundary of
New Mexico, to be the proper boundary between
our country and Texas. If we did not at that time
consider the claim of Texas as being good, why
should we have compromised our independent po-
sition as a neutral Power, in the v/ar then being
waged between Mexico and Texas, by the estab-
lishment of this line; and in case of any aggression
having been made upon our national interest in
the country circumscribed by this line, would
we have hesitated in demanding reparation from
the government of Texas? And if Texas
should have attempted to shield herself under
the plea that it was not her territory, would we
have been satisfied with the justification? Or,
rather, would we not have insisted upon a strict
observance of the treoty stipulations ? A careful
and unprejudiced consideration of these different
questions will coerce upon our minds the convic-
tion, that by the terms of the convention we admit-
ted and acknowledged the claim of Texas as good to
the Rio Grande up to the 42d degree of north lati-
tude. Is not that convention still in force, or has
it been abrogated by the annexation of Texas to
this country? Justice, law, and common sense
all combine to enforce upon us the conviction, that
as there is nothing in that convention regarding
title at all inconsistent with the present relations
of the two countries, the agreement and stipu-
lations are still binding on us, and that we cannot
by any act of our own absolve ourselves from
their observance. But in addition to this treaty,
there has been another convention between the
United States and Texas,ulterior, indeed, in time,
hut vastly more important in its operations—I
refer to the agreements of annexation. It may
want the high solemnity attending the execution
of a treaty as prescribed by our Constitution,
but it can never want its judicial cogency. It will, it j!
must be considered as the supreme law of the jj
land, a law resting under the cegis of the Consii- jj
lution for its piotection, and hence inepealable ii
by any action of Congress, much less by a mere i
resolution of this House. Let me call your atten- J
don to the second section of this joint resolution, !
by the force of which Texas became annexed to j
our country. This section sets forth three con-;
ditions, on the compliance with which by Texas, !
shewasto beadmitted as one of the States of the ,!
Union. The first condition relates to the settle-;
mentof the boundary of Texas. The second re- ;
lates to the local and fiscal regulations, which i
would necessarily result from annexation. The;
third condition relates to the territory of Texas, j
I will read it: j
" New States of convenient eizes not exceeding four in j
number, in addition to ^aid Slate o! Texas, and having Mil- |
ticierit population, may hereafter, b\ the consent of paid
State, be formed, out of the teitoory thereof, winch shall he
entitled to ad minion under the provisions of the f< deta! Con-
Mifutioti. And Mich States as may he lonm d out of that
poition of said territory Ijmg; south of thirty si\ depiee?
thirty minutes north latitude, commonly known as the Mis-
souri Compromise line, shall be admitn d into the Union with !
or without ^avery, a> tbo people of each State asking ad- !
mission may de-sire. And m such State or Slates as shall he j
formed outof the tf rruory noiih of the said Missouri Com- j
promise line, fiavAu or involuntary servitude except fur crime |
shall be prohibited." j
Now, sir, as all the territory north of this line :
and such south includes New Mexico, I will ob- j
serve that every vvotd and line in this condition f
acknowledges the right of Texas to all of the
country lying east of the Rio Grande. It expressly
prescribes, that in addition to the present State of
Texas, four new States, with the consent of Texas,
may be formed and shall be admitted into our
Union. There is something peculiarly striking in
the phraseology of this last clause. Four new
States are to be formed out of the territory of
Texas. Where is that territory to be found ? It
could not have been the intention of the framers
of this resolution to confine the formation of
these States exclusively to the territoiy lying in
the southern portion of Texas, because the
very next clause of the same condition pre-
scribes that in the territory lying north of the
parallel of latitude 36° 30' slavery should be
excluded. How unreasonable this prescrip-
tion, if the territory in which slavery is pro-
hibited was not a portion of Texas. In what
a singular, inconsistent attitude does this con-
struction place the friends of.Free-Soilism, at the
time of annexation. So strong is the Free-Soil
passion, that a great national measure is to be de-
feated, unless slavery, to a certain extent, should
he prohibited. In order to effect its prohibition,
the neutrality of our country is to be compro-
mised, an aggression upon Mexican territory is
to be legitimated. Sir, in my opinion, it would
be an unjustifiable impeachment of the justice,
wisdom, and patriotism of the advocates of Free-
Soilism to entertain the supposition, that the right
of Texas was not, at that time, fully, completely,
and unreservedly acknowledged. These are the
principal considerations which brought my mind
to the conclusion, that the territorial claim of
Texas was good, was unimpeachable But before
I dismiss the examination of the joint resolution
of annexation, I would inquire how, according to
its meaning, is this t^w free-soil State to be
formed ? Tt has to be formed with the consent of
Texas. Has any such consent been given ? On
the contrary, has not the State of Texas, on all
occasions, evinced the most lively jealousy regard-
ing any interference by this Government with her
ri^'ht to that country ? During the Mexican war,
President Polk found it necessary, as a war meas-
ure, to establish a military government m this
country. Texas immediately remonstrated, and
demanded the " quo animo'* of such a step. The
President, through his Secretary, communicated
such information of the character of that measure
as allayed her anxiety. This cabinet communica-
tion not merely gave the reasons which justified
the step, but contained an express and unequivo-
cal acknowledgment of the right and title of Texas,
and, what was much better calculated to satisfy
Texas, an explicit order was issued to the military
commandant on the Rio Grande to use his power to
establish and confirm the civil authority ot Texas;
and even at the present time has not Texas much
of this country in her actual possession ? Have
not judicial districts been established under the
law of Texas for the dispensation of justice? Aie
not the laws and constitution of Texas now in full
force over the southern portion of the territory,
which the New Mexican Delegate, if admitted to
a seat on this floor, would represent? To make
a concise statement of this argument, it appears
that the joint resolutions for the reannexation of
Texas must, ex vi termini■> have referred to this
district of country; and referring to this country
we are prohibited from proceeding to the promo-
tion of a territorial or State government without
the previous consent of Texas, which consent has
never been given. But, Mr. Chairman, independent
of this prohibition contained in this joint resolution,
we have another restraint on our action—a re-
straint which, in by-gone days, was supposed to
be conclusive, but now the times are so sadly out
of joint that what was the meaning of the Consti-
tution in other days is to-day miserable, ridiculous
abstraction. This being, in my conception, the
peculiar " cacoethes" of the times, it is with un-
affected diffidence that I presume to quote that high
and sacred instrument. But, sir, if the House
will bear with me I will read the third section of
the fourth at tide. k< New States may be admitted
4 by Congress into this Union, but no new State
4 shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction
( of any other State, nor any State be formed by^
4 the junction of two or more States, or parts of
4 States, without the consent of the Legisia ures
' of the States concerned as well as of Con-
'gress." In my opinion, a State may be con-
