1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
sidered as a political incorporation, extending
over and controlling the territories over which she
has either an actual or constructive possession.
A State is a political unit, the integrity of which is
guarantied by the article of the Constitution just
read. That guarantee, in the fullest extent, is the
purport and meaning of this section, and all inter-
ference with the rights of a State for the formation
of a territorial government, is as much prohibited
as for the formation of a State government. Her
inviolability is insured, and it is bootless to in-
quire whether we can effect under a disguise what
we have no right to do openly. The conclusion
to which I, as one of the committee, came, and
which I have made known to the House, is strictly
the result of this view of the treaty of annexation
and of the Constitution of the United States. I
maintain, we are estopped by our own acts and
declaiations from dispossessing Texas of her terri-
tory. We are estopped by the Constitution of the
United States from dismembering Texas, from vio-
lently tearing away from her the richest and most
favored portion of her soil. But, in addition, I
would submit, that if it is the iron-handed policy
of this Government, in its ruthless assault against
the peculiar institution of the South, to disconnect
this country " per fas et nefas" from Texas, so as
to complete the coidon of free Stales around the
slaveholding States, it would be at least advisable
to invest our action with the color of a law, to act
under the solemnity of a law, and not solely upon
the force of a mere resolution of this House for
the accomplishment of such an important pur-
pose; and this will bring me to the considera-
tion of another objection urged by the com-
mittee why the Delegate from New Mexico
should not be admitted to a seat on this floor,
which is, that it would be contrary to the usages
and practices of our Government. We have lec-
ognized long; since—indeed we, under the ordi-
nance of 1787, fully recognize the right in a terri-
torial government to semi a Delegate to Congress
who would be able to attend to territorial business.
This right is of a parasitical character; a privilege
appertaining to a territorial government—a govern-
ment brought into existence by the previous action
of Congress. This is not the case with New
Mexico. The government under whose auspices
Mr. Smith, the applicant, comes, is not an ema-
nation of Congress—was not brought into exist-
ence by the act of Congress. It is not of a civil,
but of a military origin; an.I as it never has been
the usage or practice for Congress to receive a
Delegare, excepting from an organized Temtory,
how can we receue him? Would not our recep-
tion of Mr. Smith as a Delegate representing not
an organized Territory, be tantamount to a usurp-
ation of the powers of legislation ? We have no
right to enact a law, without the concurrence of
the Senate and the approbation of the President;
yet by u mere resolution we would undertake to
legalize a territorial organization.
The honorable gentleman who addressed the
committee on yesteiday, labored hard in an at-
tempt to assimilate this application on the part of
New Mexico to that made by the Territoiyof
Minnesota, arid concluded, as the Delegate was re-
ceived from Minnesota, an unorganized territory,
that we had the power to receive the present
applicant. If facts boie the gentleman out, his
deductions would be correct; but, unfortunately
they do not. This same objection was raised
against the admission of the Delegate from Min-
nesota, and would have been irresistible, if it had
not been for the consideration that the Wisconsin
Territory, existing wnder a regular and authorized
territorial government, originally extended over all
the country which now composes not only the
State of Wisconsin, but the Territory of Min-
nesota; and it was successfully contended, that,
when Wisconsin was received in the Union as a
State, only so much of the previous territorial
organization was abrogated as had life and power
•within the boundaries of that State, but that the
power of said government, as far as the Territory
of Minnesota was concerned, still continued to
exist; and it was exclusively by the action of this
remaining power ihat Mr. Sjbley was authorized
to represent that Territory as its peculiar Delegate.
It is no answer to this objection—an objection
which is, in my appreciation, irresistible—to say
that the people of New Mexico have a right to a
government; and as we have neglected to furnish
them with one, that, therefore, they were justified
in establishing one for themselves. Without call-
ing into question the right of any people to estab-
lish a government for their own protection, I would
remark, that this right must be exercised in subor-
dination to our controlling, supervisory power.
And the enjoyment of this right, in its fullest ex-
tent, does not impose upon us any obligation to
receive their Delegate. iMr. Smith was not elected
by the people of New Mexico, but by a quasi ter-
ritorial government; and if he should be received,
who would he represent ? Certainly not the peo-
ple, for they had no vote or hand in his election.
He must necessarily represent the government of
New Mexico. And is that government at all
known to us? Has it ever been recognized by
Congress ? No, sir, not at all; we have no official
information of any government existing in that
country, either legal or de facto, excepting a purely
military government, proceeding from Executive
will and pleasure. And is this the Government
from which we are to receive a delegate?
The supposition is monstrous. I cannot con-
ceive that this House is prepared to invest every
popular commotion with the character of sover-
eignty; but that will and must be the inevitable
conclusion if the Delegate from New Mexico
should be received. But, as I at first observed,
this ca^e has assumed entirely a new phase, in
consequence of the foimation of a State govern-
ment by the people of New Mexico. I understand
that the information is official, that such stpp has
been taken, and it, of course, works a complete
and positive rejection of Mr. Smith as a Delegate.
If he is now received, he must come as the repre-
sentative of a sovereign people, and not the dele-
gate of a dependent subordinate people. He must
be allowed to participate to the fullest extent in
nil our legislative functions. This, of course, is
impossible, however potent may be the desire in
the breast of some to curb the South, even at the
sacrifice of all faith and honesty. Yet none but a
madman would be willing to admit the Delegate at
the present crisis, invested with all of the attributes
of a legal representative.
I would here, Mr. Chairman, conclude my re-
marks; but the observations made by the honora-
ble gentleman yesterday, do not allow me that
privilege. Although he did not positively state the
fact, yet he would as an inference from what he
did state, have the world to believe that it
was through the medium of the pro-slavery influ-
ence that this country was left without a govern-
ment. I cannot conceive that the legislation of
the country will support him in theass-nmption; on
the contraiy it makes manifestthe great truth, that
the slavery influence in Congress has always been
exercised to bui'd up and establish territorial gov-
ernments, and their votes have never been other-
wise given, excepting when the anti-slavery influ-
ence has so controlled the action of Congress as
to incorporate in all bills of this character odious,
obnoxious, unconstitutional features,—features
which so changed the character of these bills that
no member representing a southern constituency
could support them, unless he would incur the
penalty of treason to his home. Sir, there is
no more truth in the aphorism " that order is
Heaven's first law," than that a slaveholder is, ex
nereinlatp* an advocate of law, order, and govern-
ment. Thi.s impression, early imbibed from pre-
cept, duly fostered bv the conservative consider-
ations growing out of the institution of slavery,
always impel us to assist and further the organi-
zation of territorial governments. Sir, tho true
cause why these lately-acquired countries have
been left without the benefit of government, is
to be found in the anti-slavery feeling of Congress,
and so strong, so powerful, so irresistible, is this
feeling, that it has been intimated by the gentleman
that it would be a work of superhuman exertion
for a majority on this floor so far to disengage
themselves from its control as to extend to this
suffering: peonle a proper, reasonable, and just
protection. The prejudice against the South is
truly omnipotent.
But, Mr. Chairman, the most prejudiced and
hostile opposition may sometimes foil itself, and
we have a full illustration of the fact in the present
posture of the afjytirs of our country. I am dis-
posed to "tread lightly upon the ashes of the
dead," and I beg that my remarks will be applied
to the policy of the late Administration, and not to
the individual President, for whom the country
now mourns. The South had no hearing before
that Administration, and if it had continued to
exist, I must verily believe, that, under the control-
ling impulse of Free-Soihsm, not another moon
would have run its course before our country
would have been illuminated by the lurid glare
of civil strife, of a sectional war. The mandate
had gone forth, that the jurisdiction of Texas over
New Mexico should be opposed and resisted by
the military authority of the United States. The
sword, wielded by the strong arm of this Govern-
ment, W8S to be made the arbiter of a civil, a terri-
torial dispute.
Sir, my heart recoils from the contemplation of
the heavy affliction which was about to befall ua,
and I pray God that he may so enlighten the minds
of those now in power, that the gravest and heavi-
est misfortune that could befall the world, "a civil
war in America," may be averted. Sir, I am not
drawing an imaginary picture, but feel most cer-
tain that, under the existence of the present gan-
grenous feeling between the North and South, the
first intimation of a conflict between our troops
and those of the State of Texas, would be a far-
sounding tocsin, declaring, trumpet-tongued, the
dissolutionoftheUnion. And on whose head would
this heavy responsibility have devolved? Most
preeminently upon those whose most sedulous
care it has been to destroy all good civil and social
affinities between the North and the South, it
would be a Free-Soil anarchy.
In the course of his remarks, Mr. A. yielded the
floor to
Mr. SIBLEY, who made the following expla-
nation:
Mr. Chairman: With the permission of my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Ashe,] I beg
leave to make a short explanation of the circum-
stances attendant upon my own case, which has
been so frequently alluded to in connection with
the question before the House. Much misappre-
hension exists with regard to the admission of a
Delegate from the Territory of Wisconsin at the
last session, which is by some assumed to be a
precedent for the reception of Delegates from New
Mexico and Deseret, while others as strenuously
insist that it is no precedent. The facts are briefly
these: When the State of Wisconsin was carved
out of the territory of th t name, and admitted into
the Union, there remained a laige residuum which
contained a consideiable population, who had been
in the enjoyment of the blessings of a regular gov-
ernment for years. The act of Congress admit-
ting Wisconsin made no allusion to that residuum,
and the question at once arose, whether the citi-
zens of the United States who resided north and
west of the St. Croix river, and consequently out
of the limits of the State, could or could not prop-
erly claim, that the organic law of the territory le-
rnaining unrepealed, was still in full force and op-
eration over them. Respectable legal authorities
were consulted on the subject, and the result was,
a decided conviction on the minds of the people
interested, that they had a right to all the benefits
conferred upon them by the act organizing Wis-
consin Territory. The Secretary and acting Gov-
ernor thereupon issued his proclamation for the
election of a Delegate to Congress, and the indi-
vidual chosen presented himself here for admis-
sion. His credentials were referred to the Com-
mittee on Elections, and a majouty of that
committee reported in favor of me application,
basing their decision upon the fact that the terri-
torial organization still continued to exist. When
the subject came before the House, their recom-
mendation was sustained by a voie of 124 to 63,
and the Delegate was admitted to his seat. But it
appeared a few days afterwards, that the House
only intended to approve so much of the report as
declared the Delegate entitled to a seat, for when
called upon to make an appropriation for defray-
ing the expenses of the government of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, the proposition was voted
down by an overwhelming majority. It was man-
ifest, therefore, that the House repudiated the dec-
laration of the Committee on Elections that a
territorial government still existed, and had teen
influenced by other considerations in the admis-
sion of a Delegate. The broad ground was taken
by many members, that whenever there was a
sufficient number of American citizens without the
limits of the States and organized territoiies to jus-
tify such a step, it was in accordance with the
sound discretion of Congress, and the spirit of our
institutions, that a Delegate should be received on
