1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
the floor of the House to represent them. This
was the principle which actuated many who voted
for my admission, and one honorable member
from Ohio, now,alas! no more, distinctly stated
that such was the governing; motive in his own
case. His words were these, as reported in the
Congressional Globe: "When a Delegate from
♦any portion of the people presented himself,
4 claiming; to represent their interests, it was with-
* in the discretion of Congress whether he should
4 he admitted or not. Bat he took it that Congress
1 had the risfht to admit a Delegate from any por-
* lion of the people of Wisconsin, Iowa, Califor-
nia, or New Mexico, without any law."
So far, therefore, as these are good and sound
reasons, they have the force of precedent for a like
decision in the case before you. But while I ad-
mit their force, I must say frankly that my claim
for admission here at the last session, was based
upon what 1 regarded then, and regard now, as a
far more tenable position. We contended that j
there was no moral or les;al right on the part of the i
Government to disfranchise and virtually outlaw
a portion of its own citizens, after it had encour-
aged them to become settlers, and sold them lands
whereon to "establish themselves. These men
had gone with their families to brave all the perils
of a frontier life, with the tacit but strong assu-
rance of this Government, that a territorial organ- |
ization would continue to afford them the bless- j
ings and protection of law. It was, therefore, j
a vital principle which was involved, and I regret j
that it was not affirmed by the decision of tnis 1
House.
Mr. COLE. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Minnesota, who had been elected as Delegate to
the Thirtieth Congress?
Mr. SIBLEY. Mr. Tweedy, of Milwaukie,
who resigned his seat, and I was elected to fiil the
vacancy.
Mr. COLE. I would further inquire if Mr.
Catlin did not act as Governor of Wisconsin Ter-
ritory; and if so, whether he ever received his j
salary for these services?
Mr. SIBLEY. Mr. Catlin did act as Governor,
and rendered important services. He has never
been paid his salary, but his claim is before Con-
gress, and I trust will be fully liquidated.
Mr. A. having concluded—
Mr. KAUFMAN then took the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee for an hour in opposition to
the admission of Hugh N. Smith, Esq., as a Del-
egate from New Mexico. Pie regretted that debate
was to close to-morrow, so very soon, on a ques- j
tion deeply involving the peace and harmony of the
country. He said, to use the language of a dis-
tinguished Jrish barrister, slightly changed, that !
the-progress of public events had eaten away the !
grounds of Mr. Smith's application. The so-called 1
territorial government, which had been established
in Santa Fe in September, 1849, had been de-
stroyed by the people who made it; and as far as
they were capable, they had substituted a State in
its stead. Yes, sir, (said Mr K ,) they have (and '
by the advice, too, of Mr. Smith) formed a State .
constitution, elected a Governor and members of the !
Legislature, a Representative to the United States J
Congress, and the Legislature commenced its ses^ '
sion on the first day of this month. How, then
can Mr Smith be a Delegate of the Territory of ;
New Mexico, when that territorial government has ,
been abolished, and, as far as was in their power, j
a different one substituted?
Mr. K. referred to the case of Mr. Sibley, quoted
asl a precedent for Mr. Smith, contended it was !
not analogous to this, and thanked Mr. Sibley for
his brief and pertinent explanation of his case
during the delivery of the remarks of Mr. Ashe.
Mr K. also referred to Colonel Benton's argu-
ment, made yesterday in the Senate against the
boundary of Texas, drawn from a map certified
to by the Texas Delegation in the last Congiess.
He said that De Cordova had put in the same
sheet tioo -maps, one partial, on a large scale,
and the other full and complete, on a small
scale. On the large map the compiler had not
room to put down all the territory of Texas up to
the 42° of north latitude; but on the smaller map
the whole of Texas was put down. The Senator
might as well contend that a map of the United
States did not include the southern portion of Flor-
ida, because it is usually cut off and put in one
corner of the map, as that Texas did not own to
42° of north latitude, because the same course has
been pursued by De Cordova m regard to her j
northern territory. \
Mr. K. contended that to admit Mr. Smith j
would be to establish a territorial government by j
one House instead of having the consent of both I
Houses and the President; that it was an en- >
croachment upon the sovereignty of Texas, an j
insult to her members, and that it was in total vio- ;
lation of all precedent. He commented at length !
upon the report of the minority of the Committee !
on Elections, and denied strongly their assertion j
that the late President Polk and his Cabinet had I
not recognized the boundary of Texas. He <
showed that Mr. Polk had expressly recognized j
the boundaries claimed by Texas m his an- |
nual messages, and especially in his message of !
July 24, 1848; that Mr. Buchanan had reco^- ;|
nized it in his letter to Governor Henderson, ;|
bearing date February 12, 1847, and that a sim- \\
ilar acknowledgment was made in the instruction ;
of the Secretary of War, Governor Marcy, of 1
October 12, 184S, when he ordered the military at j
Santa Fe "not to interfere with the extension of .
Texas jurisdiction over that country, except on j
proper occasions to lend them aid in enforcing; it." j
He reviewed with severity the contrary course j
pursued by the Cabinet of the late lamented Zach- |
ary Taylor. He alluded to Mr. Smith's letter, j
complaining of the action of Congress in his casl, :
said letter being written bcfoie his case was taken
up, and even before the minority of the Committee i
on Elections had made any report in his favor— i
also to his (Mr. Smith's) recommendation to the !
people of Santa Fe to form a State constitution j
with the Wilmot proviso inserted, as intended to j
have a favorable effect on the vote of the Houses. '
He said in conclusion, that Texa3 was devoted to \
the union of the States, but cautioned members t
not to trespass on her nglun, for if they did, he
declared they would produce a state of things j
which they would regiet, and a state of feeling j
which no true patriot could fail to deprecate. ;
[Full and ample notes were taken by the re- !
porter of Mr. K. 's speech, which will be published ■
in the Appendix.] *
When Mr. K. ftad concluded, the Speaker gave j
the floor to- I
Mr. BAYLY, who said that he desired to ad- j
dress the committee on the question before it; but j
he would state that, without affectation, he was ;
altogether too unwell to proceed with his remarks j
this evening. He suggested, therefore, that the {
committee should rise, and that the House, if not |
inclined to adjourn, should proceed to dispose of !
the business on the Speaker's table. j
The motion to rise was put. ^ i
There were 32 affirmative and 19 negative votes. |
The committee then rose, and reported progress. |
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House proceed to !
the consideration of business on theSpeaker's table, i
Mr. ROOT moved that there be a cail of the J
House. I
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En- j
rolled Bills, reported correct certain bills; which i
received the signature of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the j
Speaker's table, can only be received by unani-
mous consent, because the "morning hour" has
not yet been exhausted.
And, pending the question, the House adjourned.
PETlTIOiVS, &C.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were |
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap- j
propnate committees : j
By Mr. MANN, of Peiuisvlvania. The petition of John
Mershon. son and only surviving child of A-iron Mer>lion,
decea>{:ri^vlio was a -ohher m the revolutionary war, praj ing
compensation lor propeity dcstio} cd by the Brit s-h during >
said w.ir.
By Mr. JIUNTER: The petition of W. II II. K>nnon ,
and 20 others, praying tor the removal ot such portion ;
of the Afjicau r.tce as are willing to emigrate to Alrica, and j
to provide toi thuni tor o<io jear. !
IN SENATE. j
Tuesday, July 16, 1950. }
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro- j
ceeded to the consideration of the joint lesoluiion i
!j from the House of Representatives, granting old I
'j brass guns to the Jackson Monument Committee,
jl He uiged its immediate passage, on the ground
that the preliminary preparations were complete,
il and that the men were ready to cast the statue.
No amendment having been proposed, the joint
resolution was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be read a third time, and was read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two sets of res-
olutions, emanating from Democratic Conventions
recently held in the State of Iowa, in favor of the
compromise bill, which Mr. Jones accompanied
with some remarks. A full report of them will be
given in the Appendix.
CALIFORNIA AND THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to submit to
the Senate the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of the United States residing in Utica, New York,
held on the fifth of June last, called, as the pro-
ceedings recite, irrespective of party, for the pur-
pose of making an expression of their opinion in
favor of the immediate admission of California as a
State, with her presentconstitution and boundaries,
and for the prohibition of slavery in the territories
by legislative enactment. Dr. Thomas Goodsell
presided at this meeting; and the resolutions which
were passed are in my hand, of which i propose
to state the substance without detaining the Senate
by their perusal at large.
The first resolution declares it to be the opinion
of the meeting that, whereas by the failure of Con-
gress to establish a tenitorial government for Cal-
ifornia, she has been constrained to establish a
government for herself, and whereas also in her
adoption of a State constitution she has but exer-
cised an acknowledged right of American citizens,
and sanctioned by Congress in the admission of
Michigan and Tennessee, and other States of the
Union, therefore it is the opinion of this meeting
that California, with her present constitution and
boundaries, should be admitted, as a distinct and
independent measure, as one of the States of the
Union.
The second resolution declares the opinion of the
meeting to be opposed to the mciease of slavery in
| this country, and the increase of slave repiesenta-
; tion in Congress; and that this opposition is gen-
1 era! and universal, and has no refeience to lines of
| latitude or points of the compass; that it is an
i opposition to all such extension, and all such in-
i crease in all places, at all times, under all circum-
| stances, against ail inducements, against all sup-
; posed limitation of great interests, against all
I combinations, against all compromises. Imbued
with this spirit, this meeting declare that they are
unwilling to trust the restriction of slavery either
to natural laws, or the prohibition of a disputed
Mexican law; and they declare their unchanged
and unchangeable convictions that Congress should
organize no territorial governments, without ex-
cluding from them, by positive law, the existence
of slavery, or involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime.
The third resolution declares that it is the opin-
ion of the meeting that the State of Texas has no
rightful claim to any portion of the territory of
New Mexico, as it existed under the Mexican
Republic, and that they cannot approve any meas-
ure which substantially yields up to Texas one
half of the disputed territory, and pays her liber-
ally m money for the other half.
Another resolution declares that, in the joint
resolutions annexing Texas to the United States,
the right to settle the boundaries of Texas was ex-
pressly reserved to the United States, and that
under this resolution Congress could, previous to
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, have perma-
nently settled the bout daries of Texas with the
| Republic of Mexico; and this meeting are unable
: to perceive by what means the provisions of that
' treaty, which have devolved upon the United States
; the rights and powers of Mexico, have tended to
! abridge the rights of the United States to determine
i and settle the boundaries of Texas without adding
j to the large sums already paid from the national
i Tieassury to secure her annexation to tins country.
1 The next resolution declares that, although tne
1 joint resolution annexing Texas to this Govern-
! ment provides for the admission of four additional
] States from Texas, with her and their assent, yet,
I by the language of the said resolutions, the same
i muft be made under the provisions of the Federal
j Constitution; and this meeting are of the opinion
I that a sound construction of that resolution only
! authorizes the admission of any additional States
from Texas by the joint consent of Texas and
j of Congress, and ia a substantial reenaoixnent of
