1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
section three, article four, of the Federal Consti-
tution.
Another resolution declares that the constitu-
tional provision m relation to fugitives from labor
or servitude, establishes only a right in the party
to whom service is due to reclaim and receive the
fugitive; but prescribes nothing of the mode or
manner; i>nd since the South has expressed a dis-
satisfaction with and requires an amendment of the
act of 1793, this meeting are of the opinion that it
would be the exercise of a sound legal discretion
in Congress so to amend that act as to require legal
proof of the identity of the fugitive, and a right to
his service, sanctioned by the verdict of a jury in
the State or Territory where demand for the al-
leged fugitive is made.
Another resolution declares that the exclusive
authority of Congress to legislate in the District
of Columbia " in all cases whatsoever/' vests in
Congress an authority to abolish slavery and the
slave trade within ijs limits; and, whatever opin-
ion may exist with regard to the expediency of
the former, the meeting most earnestly desire that
the slave trade be no longer toJerated in the capital
of the nation.
The last resolution declares that one of the pri-
mary objects of the national Constitution was, as
its preamble declares, " to secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity;" and that
by that instrument we became essentially one peo-
ple; that this meeting discover in the Constitution
no North and no South, and least of all do they
discover any countenance for the idea that that in-
strument was intended to create or preserve an
equilibrium between freedom and slavery.
I move that, without reading, the resolutions be
received and laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I would inquire if it was the re-
quest of the members of this meeting that these
proceedings should be submitted to Congress? i
have examined the rules with regard to the recep-
tion of petitions, memorials, and so forth, and 1
wish to know whether, in tins case, a request was
made that these proceedings should be laid before
this body ?
Mr. SEWARD. In answer to the inquiry of
the Senator from Kentucky, I will state that the
series of resolutions conclude with one directing
that the resolutions should be transmitted to the
Senators and Representatives from the State of
New York. They were received some consider-
able time since, m a printed form, without any re-
quest that they should be piesented to the Senate.
1 did not, therefore, present them. This morning
they were received in a written form, with a request
thai they should be submitted.
Mr. CLAY. I have received twenty sets of
resolutions fiom my own State, expressive of
opinions m behalf of this compromise; but, none
of them expressing a wish that they should be
brought before us, 1 have forborne to present them.
As 1 understand the rules of this body, they cannot
be ieceivtd unless there is the expression of such
a request on the part of the meeting that offers
tbf-m. 1 wish to know whether 1 am right, and
whether these resolutions can be legally received r
The oftk'eis of a meeting have no light to substi-
tute themselves for the meeting itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There can be
r.o question with regtud to the rule if rigidly en-
forced, that no Senator is at liberty to present j
resolutions simply sent to himself and colleague, '
without a request that they should be presented.
If such a request is made, they assume the form
of a memorial, and are so considered, and come
before the body properly. Unless the Senate,
therefore, waive objections to their reception, they
cannot be received when no such request accom-
panies them.
Mr. CLAY. As these resolutions have been
received and read, [ move that they may lie upon
the table. 1 made the point with reference to
future action; because I have heretofore acted ac-
cording to the understanding of the rule 1 have
stated, and have forborne to present numerous
resolutions that I have received.
Mr. DICKINSON. I know nothing with re-
gard to these resolutions; but, with regard to the
meeting, which is said to have been without dis-
tinction of party, 1 have to say that it has been
very common to have meetings of that sort since
the Buffalo meeting in 1848, all without distinction
of party, and all tending to the same end.
I have a resolution addressed to th«< Senators
from New York, and forwarded to them by the
name and style of their office, as the legal repre-
sentatives of the city and county of New York,
bearing thirty thousand signatures, ot the most
responsible and respectable names, and their resi-
dences have in most instances been forwarded to
me. i have foreborne to present it, not having
been requested so to do. it, however, it is deter-
mined that such papers may be presented, I shall
want the privilege of bringing this one before the
Senate, at some future time, it is m favor of the
passage of the compromise bill, so called, and it
speaks m very strong and decided terms in behalf
of that measure.
Mr. HALE. I have a paper which is addressed
to the Senate and House oi Representatives 
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope the Senator from^New
Hampshire will not occupy the attention of the
Senate till some action is had on the point before
us. i wish to address the Senate for a moment
before any other paper is presented.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to inquire if there is any
proposition before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is none.
There was no objection made to the reception of
the paper; and there being none, it lies on the table
as a matter of course.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 rose to object to its reception,
afld for this ieason simply. 1 consider ail such
propositions brought here to have originated m a
purpose of malignant and unpuncipied mischief.
1 am tired and sick of them, and the country js
thoroughly nauseated With them. 1 will nave no
share in giving consent to the continuance ol that
nuisance under which we have so long suffered
from that quarter. 1 do, therefore, in thesuongest
and most decided manner, object to the reception
of these resolutions.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to make an explana-
tion. These proceedings, as I have stated, were
transmitted to the Senatois from the State of New
York. When 1 first received them, I did not have
a sufficient warrant, as i thought, to present them,
but when they were sent to me by the officers ol
the meeting, i considered them official, i cannot,
therefore, consent to withdraw these proceedings.
They are at the pleasure of the Senate. I can only
say that all resolutions sent to representatives,
from the several States, are generally couched in
the same language. They are transmitted to the
Senators and Representatives, and that is under-
stood as an implied request that they shall be pre-
sented. Under these circumstances, the Senate
may decline to receive them, but 1 think that m
presenting them I have discharged my duty.
Mr. FOO TE. 1 do not understand the Senator
from New York to be right in saying these pto-
ceedmgs aie at the mercy of the Senate as a cor-
porate body. I understand by the decision of the
Chair that they are at my mercy, and 1 am willing
to assume the responsibility, and am proud to
have an opportunity to cope with them. 1 say
again, I consider such resolutions the most objec-
tionable nuisances in the land.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to inquire if it is not too
late to make this objection to their reception ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was made by the Senator [from Kentucky with
regard to the propriety of receiving them when
the motion of the Senator from Nev/ York to lay
them on the table was under consideration. The
Senator from Kentucky said he would not object,
but it was objected to by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. The strict rule, as the Chair will repeat,
is, mat no paper can be hud before the Senate
without the consent of the body, and it is not in
order to present papers from the constituents of
members which come to them for the purpose of
information. They must be addressed to the body,
or must have the request that they'shall be laid
before the body. Therefore, the Chair feels him-
self under the necessity of deciding against their
reception, though there has been gteat irregularity
of practice on this subject previous to his taking
the Chair. I give notice, however, that m future
I shall give duections to return all papers which
are not addressed to the body, or not accompanied
with a request that they shall be presented to the
body; and, in conformity with that decision, I
shall return these papers to the Senator from New
York.
Mr. HALE. I hope the same rule may be ap-
plied with regard to all papers which have been
received this morning. There were similar papers
presented from Iowa this morning, though differ-
ing in the subject-matter from those which have
been presented from New York.
Mr. CLAY. The objection is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator object to their reception?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; but I want to have the
decision apply to all alike.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the res-
olutions from Iowa were presented, the Chair
supposed they were addressed to this body, and
that there was a request that they should be pre-
sented, and was not aware of the fact to the con-
trary till after the resolutions from New York had
been presented; and, had he known it, he proba-
bly would not have objected to their reception,
because of the former practice. But the question
having been made, the Chair feels bound to take
the course he has indicated with respect to all
resolutions.
Mr. SEWARD. I am perfectly satisfied with
the integrity and correctness of the action of the
Chair on this subject.
Mr. HALE. I have a paper that 1 believe does
come within the rule, being addressed to the hon-
orable Senate and House ot Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled. It is a pe-
tition from a class of people who have but one
right, and that is the right of petition—the colored
people of the county of Alleghany, in the State of
Pennsylvania. They state that they are subjected
to every degree of cruel and harassing treatment.
Being born in a free State, and colored, they have
not the legal proof of freedom, and are subject to
be claimed as slaves, and are at the mercy ot those
who may set up a claim to them. They pray,
and most respectfully remonstrate, against the act
of Congress of 1793 on the subject of the recapture
of fugitives from labor, and against all bills now
or hereafter entrenching on them as American cit-
izens. 1 ask that it be received and laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF INSTRUCTION.
Mr. UPHAM. I have received some resolu-
tions from the State of Vermont, to present to the
Senate, and I wish to know whether the decision
of the Chair, just given m the case of the resolu-
tions presented by the Senator from New York,
applies to them ? The resolutions were passed by
the Legislature of the State of Vermont, and one
of them relates to the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, with a request that the ordi-
nance of 1787 may be applied to the territorial
governments. The last resolution directs " his
exccllcncy the Governor to transmit them to the
Senators and Representatives in Congress from
the State of Vermont." But there is no resolu-
tion directing their Senators or Representative in
their respective bodies to present them. I wish
to know whether these resolutions fall within the
decision of the Chair already given ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ob-
sei ved that for a number of yeais past, resolutions
coming from State Legislatures to Senators and
Represenatives have, without any express direc-
tion, been laid before this body. The distinction
seems to have been made in consequence of their
coming from the Legislaturesof the States; because
when adopted in these assemblies, and sent to the
Senators and Representatives representing such
States, it was supposed that they* were sent here
for the general information of Congress, rather
than the particular information of individual Sena-
tors or Representatives, and, therefore, they did
not come within the denomination of resolutions
passed at public or private meetings.
Mr. UPHAM. Well, sir, I piesent these res-
olutions, and desire that they may be received and
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an important question
of order. The decision of the Chair seems to me
to be against the previous practice of the Senate.
I remember a case in which resolutions were passed
by the Legislature of the State which 1 in part
represent, and which were sent to us, but were
not presented either by my colleague or myself,
because they contained neither a request to do so,
nor instructions to ourselves. I recollect that I re-
quested one of the officers to examine the prece-
dents, and the result was to produce the conviction
that resolutions of a State were never presented to
th« Senate unUss they contained a request to do
