296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
The petition of Thomas Jarrett, for compensa-
tion for the vessel purchased by him for the trans-
portation of provisions for the use of the navy;
The petition of Samuel S. Rind; and
The petition of George Hartwick, for damages
done his vessel.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Dickson, the
surviving partner of Lambert and Dickinson;
which was read twice, referred to the Commitee
of the Whole House, and made the order of the
day for to-morrow.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Solomon T. Nicoll
and James Clinch, of the city of New York;
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John Glenn, the
administrator of Robert Barry, deceased, and
Washington Hall; which was read twice and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. D., also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of William D.
Shaw, for compensation for beef furnished the
United States troops; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
On motion of Mr. D., the Committee of Claims
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Elizabeth Ring, of Baltimore, the
"widow of Captain Thomas Ring:, for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, on motion of Mr. D., the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petitions of the heirs of William Hudson and
Daniel Hover.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, .reported a bill to limit the
liability of ship-owners, and for other purposes;
which was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he author-
ized to employ a cle k, from and after the 1st of Febiuary,
1850, at the usual compensation, to the 30th April, 1850.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired whether it was usual
or not to allow that committee a clerk ?
Mr. McLANE said, whether it was usual or
not, the committee had asked for a clerk for three
months only. They would not have done so un-
less it was necessary.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said the Committee of
Public Lands have charge of the whole nation;
and if the Committee on Commerce was to have a
clerk, he would move to amend the resolution
to give the Committee on Public Lands a clerk.
Mr. SCHENCK said, if the Committee of Com-
merce could not get along they had better turn
their affairs over to the Custom House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said that the
morning hour had nowexpired. In order that the
House might dispose of the joint resolution for the
purchase of the original manuscript of Washing-
ton's Farewell Address, he would move that the
House proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table and to the orders of the day.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired what was the
regular order of .business?
The SPEAKER said, it was the business cn
the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stephens, and, having been decided in the
affirmative, the House proceeded to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United States,
transmitting the annual report of the Inspectors of
the Penitentiary of the District of Columbia, made
in compliance with the act of 3d March, 1829;
which was read, and, on the motion of Mr. Haral-
son, referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
II. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting:, in compliance with the act !
approved March 3, 1803, to more effectually pro- j
vide for the national defence by establishing a uni- i
form militia throughout the United States, the re- !]
.°^ J^e Adjutant General, of the returns of the if
militia in all the States and Territories, of their jf
army accoutrements and ammunition. Referred to
the Committee on the- Militia.
III. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the acts
1818, 1842, and 1846, a list of the names of clerks
and other persons employed in all the branches of
this department, other than officers of the army,
for the year 1849; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
IV. Also, a communication from the Navy De-
partment, transmitting, in answer to the resolution
of the House of the 24th of January on the sub-
ject of the purchase of hemp for the Navy, the re-
port from the Bureau of Equipment and Construc-
tion of the information called for, together with a
statement of the purchases and tests of American
and foreign hemp from 1841 to 1850.
On motion of Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs and or-
dered to be printed.
Y. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting;a report, made in pursuance
of the act of April 2d, 1794, of the expenses of the
national armories, and the number of arms, &c.,
made for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1849. Ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
VI. Also, a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the re-
quirements of the acts of 21st April, 1808, and
March 3d, 1809, a statement of the contracts made
under that department for the year 1849. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Expendituies in the
War Department.
Washington's farewell address.
The joint resolution from the Senate, author-
izing the purchase of the manuscript Farewell Ad-
dress of General Washington, came up in its regu-
lar order.
The pending question was on the amendment
heretofore offered by Mr. Carter, limiting the
amount to be paid for the manuscript to one thou-
sand dollars.
On which amendment the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked Mr. Car-
ter to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. CARTER said that if the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] could assign any good
reason why the amendment should be withdrawn,
he (Mr. C.) would withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and result-
ed—yeas 66, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alhertson, Allen, Aslie, Bay, Beale,
Bingham, Bi^spII, Booth, Bowhn, Boyd, Burt, Joseph Cable,
Carter, Cleveland, Williamson R VV. Cohh, Darnel, Dim-
mick, Disney, Ediriuudson, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gil-
more, Green, Hammond, Isharo G. Harris, Sampson W.
IIarn>, Thomas Jj. Harris, Hubbaid, Hunter, Amirew John-
son, Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, Littleficld, Job Mann,
Mason, McQueen, McWillie, Miller, MiiJ-on, Mom«, Olds,
Oir, Parker, Potter, itobbins, Savage, Sawtelle, Frederick
P. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweekor, Thoma«, Jacob
Thompson. James Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs,
Veuahle, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey, YVildrick,
Wood, and Young—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Baker,
Bavly, Bowie, Bieck, Brigg«, Brooks, Buel, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Coloock, Conrad, Corvvm,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fowler,
Goodenovv, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Hampton," Harahon,
Hay, Haymoml. Henrv,Hibbard, Milliard, Itolhday, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Howe, Inge, Jackson, Julian, Kerr,
Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, Rob-
ert M. McLane, Meacham, Meade, Moore, Moise, Morton,
Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Peaslee, Peek, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
lleed, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Saekett, Schenck, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft. Seddon,Shepperd, Spalding, Sprague,
Stanly, "Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Tay-
lor, John B. Thompson, Underhill, Van Dyke,Vinton, Wat-
kms, White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—93.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be ouiT
of order, the previous question having been or-
dered.
The question then was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The resolution was read a third time by its title,
and the question then being on the passage there-
of—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, understood, he
said, (addressing the Chair,) that the previous
question had now been exhausted, and that, on
the question of its passage, the bill was open to
debate.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. JOHNSON said he understood, from the
vote just taken, that this House intended to author-
ize the committee to pay any price they might
think proper for this manuscript. It seemed that
the House were not satisfied to limit the amount
to be paid at. $1,000. It was conclusive, then, to
his mind, if not to the minds of others, that the
committee were expected to pay more than this
sum. Now, he asked in the name of his constit-
uents and in the name of the American people,
what was this whole manuscript worth ? He pre-
sumed that every gentlefnan on this floor had the
Farewell Address of Washington; most of the
people of the United States had it; not in its origin-
al form, it was true, with all its interlineations,
erasures, and blurs, but the Farewell Address of
Washington in its spirit, as coi rectly printed. On
what principle was this manuscript now offered to
the Congress of the United States? A mercenary
principle, a principle of speculation, in violation of
the intentions of its author. Who believed that
George Washington, the Father of his Country,
would ever have consented that this man—Mr.
Claypoole—should retain the manuscript of his
Farewell Address to hawk and peddle it about to
the highest bidder ? He (Mr. J.),did not under-
stand this manuscript to be the property of this
individual; but his executors, whoever they might
be, were acting in bad faith both to the gentleman
and to General Washington himself. He under-
stood—and the fact was so stated in the papers—
that after this Farewell Address was set up,-this
Mr. Claypoole had asked General Washington,
and been allowed by General Washington to re-
tain the manuscript—that was, to keep it in his
possession; and having thus been permitted to re-
tain it, and having no vested right in the manu-
script, his executors now came forward and pro-
posed to sell it to the country.
Was there not the same reason to purchase the
pen, if it could be found, with which this manu-
script was prepared? or to purchase the old print-
ing press and the type upon which the Address was
printed ?
Mr. VAN DYKE (interposing) rose, he said,
to a question of order. He believed one of the rules
of the House declared that no gentleman should
speak twice upon the same subject. The gentle-
man from Tennessee had spoken upon this subject
when it had been under consideration the other
day.
The SPEAKER. The rule ha3 not been in-
fringed by the gentleman from Tennessee. The
resolution is now at a different stage from that
in which it was when the gentleman fromTennes-
see addressed the House the other day.
Mr. JOHNSON, The resolution is now on its
third reading.
Mr. STANTON (Mr. Johnson yielding the
floor) asked his colleague to allow him to ask one
question. He (Mr. S.) had understood this morn-
ing—he did not know how correct the information
was—that there was already one copy of this
Farewell Address, in the handwriting of General
Washington, in the possesion of the Government.
He would like to know whether his colleague or
any other gentleman could inform him whether
this was the fact ?
Mr. JOHNSON (resuming) replied that he did
not know. He presumed it was true. If Con-
gress paid a large price for this MS., there would
soon be a dozen copies of the MS. which Con-
gress could purchase. He thought this House
ought to set their face against it. It was contrary
to the intention of Washington; it was doing in-
justice to this deceased citizen in whose hands
General Washington had permitted this MS. to be
retained.
If he had understood the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] aright the other day,
the gentleman had said that the executors or ap-
praisers of the estate of Mr. Claypoole had estima-
ted the value of this MS. at $1,000. Now, if this MS.
did not belong to Mr. Claypoole, were not his ex-
ecutors acting in bad faith in fixing any priceupon
it and proposing to sell it to the Government of the ,
United States? If it were true, as had been sug-
gested by his colleague, that the Government was
now in possession of one copy of the MS., he
thought the presumption very strong that this
was not the original copy.
Mr. STANTON (Mr. Johnson yielding) re-
peated that he had heard this morning that there
was a correct copy of the Farewell Address, in
