1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
the handwriting of Washington, now in posses-
sion of the Government, and that the one which
Congress was asked to purchase was that which
had been left in the possession of the printer, He,
however, knew nothing of the correctness of the
statement.
Mr. JOHNSON (resuming) said he was in
hope that the House would reject this resolution,
not out of any* disrespect to the memory of Gen.
Washington, for he thought it a reflection upon
the character of that great man to pass it. It
would gratify that mercenary spirit which was
obtaining too much ground in this country. There
had already been too many impositions of this
character practiced upon the Government, under
these appeals to the patriotism of Congress. There
was a great deal more of pretence than of reality
in this thing celled patriotism. A great many
—gentlemen, as they were called—were ready
to make a display of their patriotism by putting
their hands into other people's pockets. Their
views were then very large and patriotic, but they
were very different when it came to putting their
hands into their own pockets. If the resolution
passed in its present shape, how easy it would be
for these executors to have, as he knew was fre-
quently the case at auctions, sv:eetners, by-bidders,
and so run the bids up to $10,000.
Mr. INGE interposed and (the floor being
yielded) desired to ask the gentleman [Mr. John-
son] if he could inform the House at what price
the ececutors of Mr. Claypoole held the manu-
SCri pt ?
Mr. CHANDLER rose to reply, and (Mr.
Johnson further giving way) said he was author-
ized to say that they held it at no price. But it
would be sold under the laws of Pennsylvania at
whatever price it would bring, for it was the prop-
erty of the heirs of the deceased Mr. Claypoole.
There would be neither over-bidding, under-bid-
ding, nor by-bidding.
Mr. CARTER, inquired of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if he had not stated in his place,
■when the resolution had before been under con-
sideration, that the price fixed upon the manu-
script was on,e thousand dollars? That the exec- J
utors would take one thousand dollars?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I said that that was
merely the appraisement of the persons appointed
under the law of Pennsylvania. It has now to be
sold at auction.
Mr. CARTER wished to inquire if the estate
was insolvent?
Mr. CHANDLER was understood to reply that
he did not know.
Mr. JOHNSON (resuming) said, from all that
had been said on all sides, he understood that the
appraisers of the estate had estimated the value of
this manuscript at one thousand dollars; and it
was said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that the executors refused to sell it at private sale
at any price, because, by the law of Pennsylvania,
they were required to throw it into market to the
highest bidder.
Mr. CHANDLER said they were not author-
ized to sell it at private sale.
Mr. JOHNSON repeated, that notwithstanding
the assurance of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia that there would be no under-bidding or over-
bidding, such would be very likely to be the case;
and that, in all probability, if this resolution passed
without limitation as to the price, the bids would
be run up to any amount which it was thought
could be extorted from the Government. The
opinion was becoming very common that he who
ntucked the Government most was the best fellow.
Although he who stole from an individual was
sent to^the penitentiary, it was entirely harmless
to steal from the Government. The Government
was considered in the light of a goose; and this
was a complete plucking operation. This manu-
script was to come into the market and the Gov-
eminent was to be plucked, he might say swin-
dled, by by-bidders. He wished to know if the
laws of Pennsylvania required executors to throw
into market and sell that which did not belong to
the estate? Did the gentleman from Pennsylvania
say that this manuscript belonged to the deceased
PeM°r" CHANDLER, (in his seat.) I do.
Mr JOHNSON asked, on what authority ?
He had seen it stated in the public prints, and it
was conceded by all* even the gentleman
Pennsylvania himself, that Mr. Glaypoole had
merely been permitted to retain this manuscript.
He did not own it. Yet the executors came for-
ward under the law of Pennsylvania and offered it
for sale. He was no lawyer and did not profess
to understand the technicalities of law, but as was
suggested by a gentleman near him, it was a
mere privilege of deposit that had been granted by
General Washington to Mr. Claypoole; and if these
executors had but a small portion of that patriot-
ism which was so loudly appealed to, would they
not, as soon as it had come into their possession,
have deposited it along with Washington's camp
chest, sword, uniform and walking-cane^ pre-
sented to General Washington by Franklin, in the
Patent Office, to be preserved by the Government?
A different spirit was manifested. They wanted
money, and they came forward and asked the Gov-
ernment to buy that which did not belong to the
estate of the deceased Mr. Claypoole. A man
would look as well who would hawk and peddle his
own clothesaboutthecityof Washington, ns those
who in this way would endeavor to extort by
unfair means a large sum of money from the Gov-
ernment.
He had seen a letter, in the possession of a
gentleman from Pennsylvania on this floor, which
was written by General Washington to an officer
of the army—a Mr. Miller. General Washing-
ton's hand-writing could be found in many other
places ; why could not that gentleman, and all
others in whose possession was any of that hand-
writing, come forward, and with equal propriety
ask the Government to buy it?
He had no disposition to consume the time of
| the House unnecessarily. It was not the mere
j amount involved m the contemplated purchase,
i but the principle, which actuated him in his oppo- j
' sition to the resolution. We have had already bad j
business enough of this kind before us. It was the i
principle of the thingagainst which he protested. He
would like to ask the question, who it was that had
obtained a large appropriation heretofore for the
original papers of General Washington? Had not
these papers been already purchased by Congress,
and paid for at a very liberal rate? Had not
money enough been granted to buy every scrap of
paper to which he had at any time affixed his
autograph ? He hoped the House would proceed
no further in this practice, but that it would reject
this resolution. He did not desire this out of any
disrespect to General Washington. The rejection
of the resolution would be clearly and manifestly
the best way to show our respect foi his charac-
ter. The people throughout the whole country
have in their hearts the spirit of this Farewell
Address, which is not limited to this paper. They
have the spirit of it in their keeping". It is-as fa-
miliar to them as a school book. Why, then, is
Congress called on to expend money in the pur-
chase of this manuscript ? He hoped it would not
be done.
He had not any intention to prevent other gen-
tlemen from making any remarks on the subject;
but he would conclude with moving to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON subsequently withdrew the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. INGE rose and said, that he had voted
against the amendment which had been moved by
the gentleman from Ohio, although the rejec-
tion seemed to imply that it was the sense of the
House that the committee should be empowered
to purchase the manuscript at any price at which
it could be obtained. Had the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio been adopted, it was clear j
that the purchase could not have been made for
any sum less than one thousand dollars, the 1
amount limited in the amendment; because that
would have been considered as conveying the
opinion of the House that this was the value set
upon it by the Government. This was the reason
which had influenced him when he gave his vote
against the amendment. He was opposed to the
resolution in any form, while he was wilhng to
give it that shape which would make it most ac-
ceptable to the House.
He was as much disposed as any gentleman to
attach a high value to everything which was pre-
sented to us as a relic of the immortal Washing-
ton. There was no man who could be more eager
than himself to treasure up the sacred memory of
that great man. But he thought that this was no
time for the adoption of this resolution. The glori-
ous sentiments embodied by General Washington
in his Farewell Address, had faded away. These
sentiments, which were so wisely, so patriotically
expressed in that important paper nad passed
away,"and were now lost sight of. Does public
opinion respond to the sentiments contained m that
Address? No. There is no such response. In-
stead of responding to the exhortations contained
in that paper, our country throughout her whole
extent is at this moment torn by dissensions,
which threaten, in their progress and their termi-
nation, to tear down the existing fabric of our
Government, and to destrpy the most precious
relic which has heretofore been preserved in the
ark of the Constitution. He coulu not give his as-
sent to this resolution, which contemplated a meas-
ure derogatory to the character of General Wash-
ington.
He renewed the motion to lay the resolution
on the table, but subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, had no desire to
say much in reply to the gentleman from Tennes-
see and the gentleman from Alabama. But the
truth, the solemn, warning truth, of the present
dissensions in the country uttered by the gentle-
man from Alabama, and on which he had based
his opposition to the resolution, was, in fact, the
strongest argument in favor of its adoption. It
was true, indeed, and a mournful truth it was,
that the spirit of Washington's Farewell Address
seems no longer to govern and guide our councils.
But was it not the more important that gentlemen
from all sections of the Union should pause and
constder well the grave and weigh'y lessons taught
in that paper, which by every American should be
cherished as the most valuable legacy bequeathed
us by the greatest benefactor of his country ? H
is true we hear nothing but discord in the land.
It is not niy purpose to speak of the cause or ori-
gin of this lamentable state of things. Perhaps
the gentleman from Alabama and myself might
not disagree as to them. We conceive that a por-
tion of the people in one section of the Union,
disregarding the solemn injunctions of the parting
| farewell of the Father of his Country, ore threat-
ening aggressions upon our section, which, if per-
sisted in, may bring upon us all those dire calam-
ities which are so prophetically set foith in this
Address. Could we address to that spirit of ag-
ression a stronger or moi e suitable argument than
an appeal to the principles of brotherly kindness
and mutual forbearance which that Address so
forcibly and eloquently inculcates > Before we
despair, let us again invoke that same spirit of
justice, forbearance, harmony, and amity, which
breathes throughout that Address, and which has
never failed in times past to save us in times of the
greatest danger and periL
The gentleman from Tennessee had put the
question—" What is this old writing worth."
He would not give an answer to this question.
He trusted we had not yet arrived at that point
when the value of the sentiments of the immortal
penman of that paper was to be estimated by a
money standard. He hoped that in no part of the
Union had we come to this low point. He hoped
we had not, for the honor of the country. He be-_
lieved if all the people in ail parts of the country
could meet together, and listen to the noble senti-
ments of that address, the flickering hope of tran-
quillity, which is now scarcely visible, would be
speedily strengthened, and would reillumine the
country from one end of its limits to the other.
What response could he give to the inquiry—
"What Is this old writing worth?" Sir, 1 have
none to give. Suffice it to say, that this old wri-
ting is nothing but the original manuscript of Gen-
eral Washington's Farewell Address. Jn reply
to what had been suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee, that there was another in the posses-
sion of the Government, he would merely say that
there might be a corrected copy of the Address
the hands of the Government. But he desired to
have the original, with all its corrections iami n-
terlineations. That was the paper which he de-
S'rMr.0JOHNSON. What evidence is there that
this paper is the original manuscript of the Ad-
dlMr! STEPHENS replied that he understood
this point was established beyond a doubt. He
thought it was a fact which no gentleman on this
floor*disputed. The Committee on the Library
would satisfy themselves on this point. They had
no authority to buy any other than the original
