1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
so, or unless they included a positive instruction
to their Senators. We were apprised, on that oc-
casion, that the™ was no instance to the contrary
on the records of the Senate. The present decision
J thmk would reverse the whole practice of the
Senate. The Presiding Officer will perhaps re-
member that he was one of those whom Iconsuked
on the occasion to which I refer, and that he gave
the opinion which I have announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I have no rec-
ollection of being consulted in the case to which
the Senator from Virginia alludes. If I was, and
gave the opinion that such resolutions, accompa-
nied by no request to that effect, should be laid be-
fore either House of Congress, 1 gave an opinion
that was not strictly according to rule. The prac-
tice, however, certainly has not been as the Sena-
tor from Virginia says, as i know that resolutions
have been presented here, by the courtesy of the
Senate, inasmuch as they came from the legisla-
tive bodies of the States of the Union, and they
have been received. Strictly speaking, however,
they cannot be received.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand the Chair
to state that such resolutions have been received J
when they neither contained a request that they I
mi^ht be presented, nor instructions to Senators to j
present them ? ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These resolu- j
tions are accompanied by instructions. j
Mr. HUNTER. Oh, i beg pardon. ^ i
Mr. DICKINSON. There was one case in
which resolutions from the State of New York
were received here, although not addressed to the
Senate. I recollect, the Senator from South Caro-
lina was of onmion that, under such circumstances,
the resolutions being from a sovereign State, they
should be received; but that mere abstract resolu-
tions should not be received.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tions were received and ordered to be printed.
SURGEONS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STURGEON. 1 have had committed to
my care a memorial signed by a number of medi-
cal men in the city of Pittsburg. It is similar to
other memorials which i have already presented,
and which have been referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The memorial prays that the rank
of surgeons in the navy may be assimilated to that
of surgeons in the army, i feel anxious that this
subject should be taken into early consideration.
From my friendship with and knowledge of these
gentlemen, as well as from my connection with the
medical profession, I feel an interest in those gen-
tlemen who are serving in this capacity in the na-
vy; and the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs being absent, I would call the attention of
any member of that committee who may be pres-
ent to the subject, so that we may have a bill early
reported, with the view, if possible, of acting upon
the matter during the present session of Congress.
The memorial was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the memorial of J, S.
Toley & Co., and Lewis Kinney & Co., asking the
return of certain duties, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that the memorial be laid upon the table; which was
ogreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives entitled An act for the
relief of Gideon Walker," submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, adverse to the
passage of the bill. ,
Mr SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to authorize
the State of Illinois to select the balance of the
lands to which she is entitled under the act of ~d
March, 1827, granting land to aid that State in
opening a canal to connect the waters of Illinois
river and those of Lake Michigan, reported back
the same-without amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to cede the
public lands of the United States to the States re-
spectively m which they are situated, on condition
that the said States shall severally grant and con-
the price of the public lands, and for other pur-
poses; the bill granting one hundred and sixty
acres of the public lands to the actual settlers who
shall reside thereon, and shall cultivate a portion
thereof for the period of four years; together with
numerous resolutions of State Legislatures, me-
morials, and petitions, all relating to the same sub-
ject, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, stating that it would be inexpedient to
disturb the present system.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of Jordan L. Mott, asking an amend-
ment of the patent laws, reported against printing
the same; which was concurred m.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of the President, Directois, and Company of
the Orange and Alexandria Railroad; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to-the Committee of Claims.
X Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
i board of vessels propelled m whole or in part by
| steam;'* which was read a first and second time by
; its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills, which were ordered to be
engrossed yesterday, were severally read a third
time and passed:
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act for
the better regulation of the District Court of the
United States within the State of Louisiana," ap-
proved 3J March, 1849.
The bill providing an additional term of the
United States Circuit and District Courts at Chi-
cago, in the State of Illinois.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union, to establish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to j
Texas for the establishment of her western and;
northern boundaries. j
The pending question was on the amendment of j
Mr. Benton, as follows:
Strike out of proposition "first," of section 39, after the
word u beginning," these words': " at tue point on the Rio
sdel Norte, commonly called El Paso, and running up that
i river twenty miles, measured by a stuuglit hue thereon, and
< thence ea->t\vaidlv to a point where the lUOth deirree of we&t
' longitude erodes Red liver, hem? the southwest angle, in
f Uie line designated between the United States? and Mexico,
f and the same angle in the line of the territory set apart lor
1 the Indians by the United States," and mseit alter the Mud
woid " beginning " these words: <k At the point in die mid- j j
k die of the deeptst channel in the llio Uiaade del Norte, M
< where the same is eroded hy the 102J degree ot longitude i;
< west from the meridian ot Greenwich ; thence north, along
1 that longitude, to the34ih degree ot north latitude; thence
<ea?twardly to the point at which the lUJth degree ot west
< longitude crosses the Rtd river."
Mr. RUSK addressed the Senate in reply to the j
speech of the Senator from Missouri, delivered
yesterday. He was followed by Mr. CLAY,
Mr. BENTON, Mr. UNDERWOOD, and others,
of whose speeches a report will be lound in the
Appendix.
A conversation ensued between Messrs. BEN-
TON, UNDERWOOD, and RUSK, m relation
to a map produced by Mr. Underwood, m the
course of which the latter gentleman said that he
might hereafter make a speech on that subject. ;
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 have sat here J
some five or six months listening to speeches. |
We seem also to be threatened with some m the ;
future, f am tired of this. I therefore move to '
from New Hampshire to withdraw the motion be-
fore the yeas and nays are ordered on it. That it
has been usual to do. And i wish to be under-
stood as making that appeal emphatically on the
ground that I have amendments drafted which I
wish to offer to the bill. I also believe that there
are gentlemen who yet wish to be heard on the
general merits of the bill. And 1 believe, from
my knowledge of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that he would be one of the last men in this
body to try to preclude debate in this way.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hardly know
how to answer this personal appeal of the Senator
from Mississippi, because one half of what he has
said would make me withdraw the motion, and
the other half make me insist on it. That half
where he makes a personal appeal to me to with-,
draw the motion that amendments may be offered,
I feel inclined to grant. But when he appeals to
me because other gentlemen wish to speak, it
rather deters me from granting his request.
But I will withdraw the motion, publicly giving
notice that to-morrow, if 1 can get the floor, by
the goodness of Providence, and your eye, Mr.
President, I will renew this motion, and insist on
it, and give way to no persuasions and no entreaties
of any sort, t withdraw the motion.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, when I rose
a few moments ago, and found myself called to
order by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] my purpose was merely to ask the honor-
able member from New Hampshire to withdraw
his motion to lay the bill on the table. It is usual
to be permitted to make such requests, and lam
not aware that there is anything extraordinarily
disorderly in it.
I wish, sir, and have for some time desired to
find some pertinent occasion, to speak a few words
upon the general merits of this bill, and the general
merits of the report of the committee which re-
poited it. i know, sir, that it is not an entirely
: appropriate momentat this time, bccausean amend-
j ment is pending, moved by the honorable member
I from Missouri, [Mr. Benton ] That which makes
| it appropriate is, that it is already intimated by
I the honorable member from New Hampshire that,
i as soon as he shall next have possession of the
! floor, he will move to lay the whole measure on
j the table; that is to say, he will make a motion
> in effect for the rejection of the measure. And
with such a motion menaced-', I suppose it wilt not
be improper that i should proceed, even when an
amendment is pending, to state the reasons which
induce me to support the measure.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, if my friend
will give way, as it is a late hour of the day, I will
move to postpone the further consideration of the
subject until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. With the permission of the
Senate, I will state why I called the Senator from
Massachusetts [iMr. Webster] to order, i be-
lieve it is the ruie of the Senate, that, when a mo-
tion 13 made to lay any measure on the tablp, any
debate is out of order. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts rose after the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Fooie,] and 1 therefore had a right to sup-
pose he was going to debate the bill. If he was
not, when I raised the point of order, any intima-
tion of what was his purpose would have resulted
m the withdrawal of the point of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I make a point of order on the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BERRIEN" I have done, sir.
Mr. FOO i'E. 1 have several amendments which
I desire now to offer, with the hope that the Sen-
ate will order them to be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The amendments are as follow:
Amend 39th section, by striking out the tenth
lay the whole subject on the table, and I ask the j! and eleventh lines, and the word " eastwardly " in
* i '. i- _     i ♦i.Tolftl-. lino anH inepft. " whprp th#  ihirfv-
yeas and nays on the motion
Mr. FOOTE. I appeal to the Senatot from
New Hampshire to withdraw the motion, as I
have certain material amendments I wish to offer
to the bill to-morrow morning.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I trust the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire 
Mr. BERRIEN. Order! order!
Mr. WEBSTER. Am I called to order?
Mr BERRIEN. If the Senator is about to
s gSttsqKss&a&ftl "fcwfens  *
muniments only; the bill to reduce and graduate
not oat of order to make,an appeal to the Senator
the twelfth line, and insert, " where the thirty-
fourth degree of north latitude intersects said river,
thence east with said parallel of latitude."
Also, amend the seventh sccuon, by adding
thereto the following proviso:
Provided, noiioithUandins, That a proposition shall be
made, ami the *u«ne is hereby made, to the people of (Jali-
Jonna, and earnestly urged upon their favorable eonsideia-
tiou, to be acted upon by the State ot California after her
admission into the Union shall have taken place, that the
said Stale of California shah consent to the establishment
of a Territory within the limits assigned to her by this act;
and that accordingly, so toon as the consent ot said State
shall have been expressed in some convenient and authoii-
tativs mods, a new Territoryerhalt b« laid «ftt£nd estab-
