1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.
lishPd, to bf* called the Territory of Colorado, the bounda-
ries oi vvluVh shall l>* a- follow*
" BPffiJimng in the Pacific* ocean three leagues from shore,
on the thir'y-fhtb parallel of latitude, and running with said
parallel t<  the summit of ihe Sieirn Nevada Mountains;
thence, following the crest or highest pari of said mountain,
a< near aa may be, to the thirty-seventh pa all*d of north
iuitnde; thence ean with said pirallel until it intersects
the (Joloi.ido river; ihenee along the course of said river
and down its main channel, and in the middle thereof, to
tlie boundary line of the Republic of Mexico; thence along
Mild b >undary hue westwardly to the Pacific ocean, to $
point three leagues from shore; thence to the beginning ;
iuciu.iing all its land-; situated anywhere within that portion
of the sea embiaced withm the present boundaries; and
for Hit- government of such Territory, so to be established,
si! the provisions of this act relating to the Territory of
Utah, except the name and boundaries therein specified,
are hereby declared to be in force in the said Temtory of
Colorado,'from an<l aftur the day when the consent of the
Stale of California shall have been expressed in manner
and form a9 provided for by this act."
MONUMENT TO GENERAL TAYLOR.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I give notice
that to-morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall
ask leave to introduce a bill for the erection of a
monument to the memory of Zachary Taylor, late
President of the United States.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for a moment, to allow me to
make an explanation with regard to a notice I ^ave
of a motion I intend to make. The Senator from
Massachusetts speaks of the motion being menaced.
Now, I am not capable of menacing the Senate or
any member of it. Nothing was further from my
thoughts or intentions than the idea of menacing
the Senate or any member of it. 1 simply gave
notice that I would pursue a certain course which
I felt it my duty to do. I had no more idea of me-
nacing the Senate by so doing than the honorable
Senator himself had in the notice he has just given.
Mr. WEBSTER. I beg pardon for having
used the term. But 1 used it in the sense of a pro-
position hanging over us, or threatened us, which
would put an end to debate. That was my idea.
On the motion of Mr. MILLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were opened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedmesday, July 17, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW MEXICO.
On motion by Mr. STRONG, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McLane, of Maryland,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideiation of
the special oider of the day, being the report of the
Committee on Elections, in thecase of the applica-
tion of H. N. Smith, Esq , to be admitted to a seat
in this House as Delegase from New Mexico.
Mr. BAYLY was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the Committee during the allotted hour, (in
remarks of which a full report will be given in the
Appendix.)
He spoke in opposition to the admission of the
Delegate, and argued, that from the termination ol
the lust Congress to the present time, not a step
hud been taken in reference to the Territories in
which the Constitution and laws of the United
Stdtey Had been trampled in the dust, and that the
ptoceedmgs of the Administration had been the
pregnant fountain of the bitter waters which were
now flowing through the land.
Mr. CALCTTKR addressed the committee in
support of the claim of New Mexico to a Delegate
upon the floor of the House; and, m the course of
his remaiks, argued that all which had been
utged against the reception of the Delegate, by
lesson of the disputed condition of the boundary
between New Mexico and Texas, ought to have
no force, because u was not involved in the recep-
tion of tne Delegate. That the House was not
tiying the question of boundary, but in determin-
ing whether they would hear one of the parlies,
an.1*th at parly now excluded, by receiving then-
accredited Delegate. That the objection which
had been uiged, that the Delegate should not be
jeceivtd because Government has not oiganized a
teriituryto be represented, was avoided m the
fact. That the department of New Mexico came
to us alieady organized into a civil Siate, in which
condition it had existed under Mexico, long be-
fore Texas had existence. The treaty with Mex-
ico transferred its relations from Mexico to the |
United States; by the same treaty, our Govern- j
ment assumed the obligation of not only listening j
to her own representations of her civil wants, but ;
of providing for them. That those who had urged j
that there was no precedent for the admission^of
her Delegate, deceived themselves; that the re-
ception of all Delegates constituted precedents for
this case; a delegate from any territory is not an
officer provided tor by the Constitution; anil when
admitted to the floor of the House, discnarges no
constitutional duties; his right to vote docs not
exist; the ceremonies connected with his coming,
are unimportant. The mam subject of inquiry is,
what people and district does he lepresent, and is
it important to the interests of the Union that it
should be lepresented ? The fact that has been
urged that her delegate should not be received,
because New Mexico had organized into a State,
unconstitutionally and irregularly, is foreign to the
question before tne House, and ought not to in-
fluence us decision. We are not trying her right
to admission as a State. He urged further, that
the question of the reception of the Delegate was
unembarrassed in his mind by any constitutional
objection whatever. That the whole question for
the House to consider was, whether the interests
of New Mexico required a voice upon the floor of
the House. That if the interests of Minnesota,
or Oregon, required representation, New Mexico
did. Her population was far greater than either,
and their condition more exposed to invasion,
outrage, and threatened by a neighboring State
with annihilation. That not only every depart-
ment of her business was suffering, but her very
existence threatened. That without assuming any
judgment as to her rights in dispute with Texas,
he was disposed to hear her, before executing
judgment upon her.
[A full report of Mr. C's remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEPHENS, ot Georgia, having the floor
assigned to nun by the Chairman, proceeded wiLh
his remarks, by assuring the gentleman over the
way that he should occupy the attention of the
committee but for a few minutes. He intended
to submit but a very few remarks; and he should
not have said anything, if it had not been for the
speech of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly.] But now that he had the floor, he would say
a word or two about the meuts of the claim of the
Delegate from New Mexico to the right of a seat
as such in this House; and then he should nonce
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia to
which he alluded.
i shall vote, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. S.,)
against admitting this Delegate fiom New Mexi-
co, because the territory fiom which lie comes
and the people he purposes to represent are within
what aie well known to be the limits and bound-
aries of one of the States of this Union. My
opinions touching the proper boundaries of Texas
as an original question, are well known, at least
to those membeis ot this House who were mem-
bers of the last and preceding Congress.
When Texas was annexed to the United States,
it was well known thai tne boundary between her
and Mexico was in dispute. Texas, in her con-
stitution) had defined her boundary to be the Rio
Giande, from its mouth to its source; but she had
not in /act extended her civii juusdietion to that
limit. 1 take this to-be an admitted truth now; 1
so understood it at the lime; and since, in the
resolutions providing for the annexation ot Texas,
care was taken to admit only such countiy as
" propeily belonged to Texas/5 with a reserva-
tion to the United States of the right and powei
to adjust the boundary with Mexico—the right of
Texas to any portion of terntoiy being founded
upon revolution. My opinion was at?d is, that
her proper boundaries at that time extended
just so far as she had marked them by the
sword, and no further. That is, as far as she
had extended her jurisdiction—as far as the people
obeyed and acknowledged her laws, thus far her
proper limits extended, and no further. This! take
to be sound national law. And while I did riot
believe that her jurisdiction had been actually ex-
tended to the Rio Grande, yet I was anxious that
our Executive should, by negotiation with Mexi-
co, have that line settled as the boundary; and this
1 thought could have been easily obtained by pay-
ing Mexico a suitable indemnity. Mexico was
willing; to treat upon this subject. She proposed,
! herself, to receive a commissioner to treat upon
I thatsubjectalone. ThispiopositionourExecutive
I rejected. And in doing which, 1 think, he did
| wrong; but a still greater wrong did he do in un-
dertaking to settle the question, not by negotiation,
as provided by ihe resolutions of annexation, but
by force of arms, and without authority of law.
He ordered the United States troops to take pos-
session of the disputed territory. He pretended
to hold himself bound to maintain the title of
| Texas to the extent of her claim, and not to the
! extent only of her established jurisdiction. This
' advance of our troops led to a collision of arms in
the valley of the Rio Grande. A message was
sent to this House, declaring that "American
blond had been shed on American soil," and both
branches of Congress, by large majorities, made
a declaration of war founded upon this principle.
I did not join in that declaration. 1 did not vote
for the war. I did not think (hat the question
should be settled in that way. I believed it ought
to be adjusted by negotiation. A large majority
of Congress thought differently.
The act of Congress declaring war, could not
have been justified but upon the principle that the
faith of the United States was pledged to maintain
the right of Texas to the ex ent of her claim.
The Government of the United States?, therefore,
i consider, is fully committed in all its departments
to the rights of Texas. This war act of itself is
sufficient evidence of that. But this is not all.
In the treaty of peace that was made between this
country and Mexico, reference is made in express
terms to a^map which was made part and parcel
of that treaty, in which the boundary of Texas
is cleatly marked out. That boundary so marked,
is the Rio Grande from its mouth to its source. I
consider, therefore, that the doctrine of estoppel ap-
plies to this Goverment. All mustadmitthat the
United States had full power to settle this boundary
question with Mexico. Well, then, suppose that
in the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo an article
had been inserted expressly providing that the
western or southwestern boundary of Texas should
be the Rio Grande from its mouth to its source-
would anybody pretend that the United States
could, without very great bad faith, turn round and
claim from Texas a large portion of that territory
upon the ground that her title was not good ? And
is not the treaty just as binding upon us as if it
had- thus expressly provided? Who does not
know that in the ordinary conveyance of land or
real estate, if the "metes and bounds" are de-
scribed by a reference to a diagram or plat of the
premises annexed, that it is as good as if they are
specifically set forth ? Blow, then, can gentlemen
get over these repeated acts of this Government
clearly committing her to the boundary onginally
claimed by Texas as set forth tn her constitution?
I do not now intend to refer to another aigu-
ment equally conclusive to my mind on this sub-
ject. That is the well-known principle of law, that
d trustee cannot tdke advantage of his cestui que
! trust in purchasing outstanding claims and mcum-
j brances, to or over the trust property. The Uni-
| ted States was the chosen umpire of Texas to
settle this matter in dispute between her and Mex-
ico. Whatever settlement the United States might
have made, Texas would have been bound by it.
But the umpire had no right or power to take the
place of the adversary litigant, and after quieting
I the opposing claim, to set up title in herself. All
j she had to do was to adjust the question with the
i other claimant. But i say, 1 do not intend to press
that view at this time, i wiah only to say that I
I considertheGeneralGovernmentas estopped—corn-
; pletely estopped—by her repeated acts, irom gam-
\ saying at this time the title of Texas up to the
j extent of her claim, whatever that may be. And
j as a Representative of a portion of the people upon
' this flooi, whatever may have been my opinions
{ upon this question at the commencement of the
I late war with Mexico—and my opinions upon
; that question as it then stood are not changed in
| the slightest degree—I feel bound to consider the
" proper limits" of Texas no longer open to dis-
cussion/ A now stand upon the publicly plighted
laith of the country. The treaty has settled this
question just as tully as if the Rio Grande had
been agreed upon by Mexico in a peaceful negoti-
ation without war. And who will pretend that if
such a treaty had ueeu made with Mexico without
war, that the United States could set up any claim
against Texas to any portion of this territory ?
