29S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
manuscript. He was willing to leave this to the
judgment of the committee. He understood it to
be irrefutable that this was the original of that
memorable Address.
Mr. JONES wished to make a" single inquiry of
the gentleman from Georgia. The resolution is
now in that stage when it is beyond the reach of
amendment. Is it intended that the committee
shall go on to Philadelphia to bid for this docu-
ment? If not, is it intended that the committee
shall depute an agent, and is the business to be
left at the sole discretion of such agent?
Mr. STEPHENS replied, that he did not know
that any instruction had been given to the com-
* mittee in relation to the matter, or that it would
be proper for such to be given. He took it tor
granted that the committee would discharge their
duty faithfully.
Mr. ME ADE desired to answer a question which
had been proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Johnsok.] He had taken the trouble
to make an inquiry of the Librarian, whether there
was any autograph of this Address of General
Washington, either in the Library or the Execu-
tive Department; and the Librarian had replied,
that there was no autograph in either the library
or the Department, to his knowledge.
Mr. STEPHENS resumed. He supposed that
the desire of the public would be to possess the
original manuscript. W ho was there who had
not placed a high estimate on the autographs of
the distinguished men of England, and of her old
writers? "Who did not know how eagerly the
original fac similes of the writing of the letters of
Junius, with all the interpolations and corrections,
was sought after? Who did not attach a high
value to the fac similes of the writing of Byron-
even the interlineation and erasure of the most
beautiful |as well as sublimest parts of Childe
Harold ? "What would you not give, Mr. Speaker,
for the original manuscript of Manfred or Ham-
let? Yet who among us would compare these
with the original of the most important paper ever
written by Washington? He could not consent
that a manuscript of that distinguished man should
be compared with the writings of any other man
who had ever lived.
Mr. JOHNSON asked if the Government did
not pay $40,000 for all the original papers of
Washington? and now it appeared that this manu-
script was not among the papers thus paid for.
Mr. STEPHENS said this inquiry showed
that (here was a wide difference between the sen-
timents of the gentleman from Tennessee and
his own. He (Mr. S.) could not estimate the
value of these papers by mere dollars and cents.
If the Government had paid one million for the
papers of Washington, and had the Government
been even cheated in the purchase, he would
not suffer such considersions to iniluence his
course. If the father of any gentleman befoie
his death had left a letter full of instructive sug-
gestions and of solemn warning against evils which
were likely to come, and that letter had been lost,
and if it had fallen into the hands of some indi-
vidual who, actuated by mercenary views, desired
to make sale of it, would not the person to whom
it was addressed, and to whom it was dear as a
relic of paternal love, submit to any sacrifice to
rescue it from passing into other hands?
This manuscript was in the hands of Mr. Clay-
poole. During his life he kept it carefully as a
valuable relic. On his death it had passed into
the hands of his heirs and executors. From the
argument of the gentleman from Tennessee, It
might be supposed that the heirs of Mr. Clay-
poole had come here to ask Congress to give
money for this paper, and that it was nothing more
than a money-making speculation. If this was
the state of facts, he knew nothing of them. He
did not undeistand this as a proposition made by
the heirs of Mr. Claypoole. Jt had been said,
and repeated again and again, by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] that these
papers must be sold, with the other property of
Mr. Claypoole, by public auction, it was no
proposition on their part to Congress. The only
point fou us to consider is, if we shall rescue this
paper from the risk of passing into other hands,
and place it in the public library for preservation ?
At some future day it might become important to
prove the authenticity of the sentiments contained
in this Address. The original would put all doubt
at rest. .
But this was not the ground on which he sup-
ported the resolution. He advocated the pur-
chase, that this original paper might be deposited
where the public could have access to it. He de-
sired to see it placed in the Library, that the people
from every section of the Union may see it, and
examine it, that thay might look at it, and read it
with that patriotic fervor which the perusal of it
could not fail to awaken.
As to the North—and he wished not to say a
word to excite any party feeling—he trusted that
when our fellow-citizens from that section might
go to the library, and peruse this paper, they would
refresh their recollections with the salutary sug-
gestions it contained, that the safety of this Union
could only be maintained by brotherly love; and,
after reading it, he trusted they would be brought
to consider the people of the South as their
brethren, and that the hand of aggression against
the latter would be stayed, and that the effect
would be to check and avert the dangers with
which we are now threatened.
Let the paper, then, be bought; let it be placed in
the Library, where the people fiom all sections,
when they come up to the Capitol, may look upon
it and read it; and when they behold the lines
made by the hand of Washington, may they in-
voke and catch the spirit of patriotism, harmony,
and love of country wmch animated his breast
when he traced these wise and fatherly admonitions
to his countrymen. Let the casement that shall
contain the sacred treasure be a national altar,
about which and around which the true friends of
the Republic, from all sections, may come and re-
new their vows to the Constitution and its com-
promises, in the spirit in which it was formed;
and from this may the spirit of Washington rise
from its slumber, and go forth amidst the roar and
tumult of the storm now raging, and calm the
excited waves of popular opinion now running so
high and portenuously speaking to those dismayed
by the revolutionary prospect before us, in the lan-
guage of Him who spoke as never man spake,
when He allayed the boisterous sea, " Be of good
cheei, it is 1, be not afraid."
Mr. CHANDLER said he had not risen to
make any speech. He trusted it would be found
that the Father of his Country, although dead,
would be heard speaking through this House.
Whatever fate, then, might await this resolution,
it would be subject for gratification with him that
it had been brought forward. He trusted that the
House would consider itself brought to estimate
not the value of the Union, but of these sentiments
which are now brought back vividly to our re-
membrance; and that we would suffer ourselves to
be carried back to those times and those scenes,
when these sentiments flowed from the Father of
his Country, and found expression on the paper
which it is now proposed to purchase.
He would rejoice, with the gentleman from
Georgia, to see this original document deposited
among the precious things in the Library. He
would rejoice could all the people of the Union be
assembled here, and that you, sir, should read to
all the great truths contained in that interesting
paper, and we should all consider ourselves as
brothers, members oAhe same family, having the
same interest, and united by one common feeling
of love.
He esteemed the yellow paper on which this
manuscript was written, as far superior in value to
any paper of this time, as much so, as he regarded
the sacred tomb at Mount Vernon as above all
other tombs, the one as the depository of the bones
sanctified there, as the other for the spirit of the
immortal chief which breathed in it.
He did not believe, with the gentleman from
Alabama, that the spirit of this Address had de-
parted from among us. He thought it was not
dead, but.sleeping, and heagreed with the gentle-
man from Geoigia that the influence of this paper
would reanimate it. tie had no desire to make a
speech, but merely a brief explanation. If the
possessors of this document came here as sellers of
it, he had not been so informed, or that they had
come into the market with this paper, or are anx-
ious that the Government should be a competitor
for its purchase. There are some who may want
it, and may not be able to buy it. We may not
want it, and yet ought to buy. He was most de-
sirous that thecommitteeshould know what course
the House desired to pursue in lelation to it. They
i were not disposed to give an exorbitant' price for
it, but just such as, considering the political, pecu-
niary, and all other circumstances of the country,
might be its just value.
As to the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia,
he would only say, that what aggressions the
North may have been guilty of towards the South,
he would not now stop to consider. But he sin-
cerely hoped, whenever that question should come
up, that, we might all go together to the perusal of
this Address, and emphatically dwell on that part
which treats on the importance of preserving the
Union, and the dangers which must result from
its dissolution.
The heirs of Mr. Claypoole are compelled by
the law of Pennsylvania to sell this paper by pub-
lic auction. They are undoubtedly the true own-
ers, and they only desired the decision of the
people through their representatives as to whether
it should become the property of the Government
or not.
He would now come to the most interesting
part of his speech, and that was, to move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STANTON rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether it was in order to move to recommit the
resolution, with instructions to inquire whether
there was not a copy of the same paper in the
State Depaitment ?
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out
of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that the
resolution be laid upon the table. *
The question was taken on that motion, and
decided m the negative.
So the resolution was not laid on tne table.
The question then recurring on the demand for
the previous question, it was taken, and there was
a second—ayes 76, noes 53. '
And the main question (on the passage of the
resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. MASON and Mr. CARTER asked the
yeas and nays on the main question, which were
ordered; and being taken, were—yeas 103, nays
45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Baker, Bsjiy, Bowie, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Buel, Burrows, Chester Bailer, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Campbell, Carter, Casey, Chandler, Conrad,
Corwin, D^berry, Dickey, Dimimck, Disney, Dixon, Dun-
can, Nathan Evans, Ewwg, Featherston, Fitch, Fowler,
Fuller, Gerry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Halioway, Thos. JL.
Harris, Hav, Haymond, Henry, HiblMrd, Htlh<rrd, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Kerr, Daniel
P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Marshall, Matteson, McDowell, McKissoek, Robert M. Mc-
Lane, Mracham, Meade, Millson, Moore, Motion, Nelson,
Ogle,Otis. Parker, Peaslee, Peek, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam. Reed, ltobbins, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett,
Savage, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Spalding, Spr^igne, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander
H. Stephens, Taylor.'Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Watkins, white, Whittlesey, Williams, Wilson,
and Winthrop—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale,
Booth, Boyd, Burt, Joseph Cable, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Conger, Daniel, Edmundson, Giddirigs, Green,
Hammond, IshnmG. Harris, Sampson W. Hams. Hubbard,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Preston King, Litllefleld,
Job Mann, Mason, McQueen,McWillie, Miller,Morris, Orr,
Phelps, Frederick P. Stanton, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs, Venable,
Wallace, Wildrick, Wood, and Young—45.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote, and that that motion be laid
on the table.
Mr. MASON moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the demand for the previous question, and was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
And the joint resolution stands passed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were taken
up for reference:
The joint resolution directing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts of
Newton Lane, late pension agent at Louisville,
Kentucky.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and,
i On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, read the third
I time, and passed.
I The bill entitled an Act for the relief of Nathan-
i iel Kuykendall was read twice and referred to the
| Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I The joint resolution, providing for the binding
