1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
Delegate, but I deny that such vote is -expressive
of any opinion relative to the boundary contro-
versy. I have now, and ever have had, a fixed
opinion relative to that controversy; an opinion
which I am ready to express and act upon when-
ever any appropriate occasion presents. But this
is not the occasion. The admission of a Delegate
has nothing to do with the boundary. The latter
is a distinct question, not before this committee,
but in charge of the House, and reserved for future
settlement. Whatever our individual opinions in
relation to it may be, they should not be under-
stood as being expressed by the vote on the reso-
lution now before us. Any expressiun of opinion
now, as to the boundary question, in connection
■with another and irrelevant matter, can but add to
the difficulties in the way of its settlement. With-
out some such complication of difficulties it can
be settled peaceably—if not to the satisfaction of
ail, at least in such manner that all will acquiesce.
An expression of opinion now will furthermore
be improper, because, while it does not settle the
question, as there is nothing before us proposing
a settlement, u will look like an attempt to fore-
stall future action, here or elsewhere, for that pur-
pose. There is nothing in the resolution as it
now stands justifying the assumption upon the
part of any one that it contains an expression of
opinion upon the boundary claim; but the assump-
tion has been made, and, among others, by the
gentleman from Virginia, and the object of my
amendment is to prevent its renewal. While the
gentleman from Virginia objected to this resolu-
tion that it is declaratory of the right of New
Mexico to the contested territory, he rushed to
the opposite extreme, and by his amendment pro-
posed to recognize the right of Texas to all in dis-
pute. If the opinion, which he alleged the reso-
lution contained, was objectionable to him, that in
his amendment was certainly equally so to others.
But as an opinion only, from either of us or from
other members, can do no good in connection with
this resolution, 1 propose by my proviso to forego
all such, leaving their expression to a time when
they can be connected with a decisive vote. The
amendment which I have offered might probably
admit of a change of phraseology, it assumed
that the conflict as to boundary was between New
Mexico and Texas. Probably it was not so.
The conflict really was between the United States
and Texas. If in order, I desire to modify the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN intimated that it was in order
for the gentleman to modify.
Mr. FITCH (complying with suggestions of
gentlemen near him) declined to modify.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Fitch, and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN then offered the following
amendment:
" Provided, That said Delegate was duly elected by the
qualified voters of New Mexico in accoidanee with the
lciw? in for..e therein."
Mr. HOUSTON raised a point of order, which
The CiiAIR declined to entertain as a point of
order.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Gorman-,
Mr. GORMAN said, he wished to call the at-
tention of the committee for one moment to the
point which he desired to make in offering this
amendment. It would be seen by reference to the
call made upon the people of New Mexico, by the
proclamation of the military governor, that this
convention was assembled for the purpose of get-
ting up something like a territorial form of gov-
ernment, to be presented to this House for its ap
proval. In that proclamation the object to be
accomplished by the convention thus called, was
distinctly set forth, which was, to take into con-
sideration, such measures as might be thought
necessary and proper for the government of the
people there. With the leave of the House, I will
read that portion of the proclamation of which I j
have stated the substance. It is as follows: "And \
also to appoint a Delegate to urge before Congress j
the propriety of establishing a territorial govern- 1
ment." Here it is, and it really appears to me that j
gentlemen must be deliberately and willfully blind— 1
I say it with all due respect—who refuse to see the 1
purpose for which this Delegate was sent here. j
Mr. DUNCAN (the floor being temporarily
yielded by him) said: The proclamation states |
the object of the convention to be to concert such
ptans and to adopt such measures as might be
necessary to obtain a government, with the ap-
pointment of a Delegate to urge the suggestions
of the convention, and to urge upon Congress to
take some action in this behalf.
Mr. GORMAN. Exactly. The action of the
convention was sent here, and it was presented to
the House by the gentleman from Ohio, [iMr.
Schenck,] accompanied by a memorial and a plan
or form of territorial government, and this Mr.
Smith was sent here by the nineteen members of
that convention, thus elected under the proclama-
tion of the military governor, to urge upon Con-
gress, not upon this House alone, to give them a
territorial form of government.
A Delegate, sir, is a Representative. He comes
here to represent the people by whom he is
elected. But does this gentleman propose to repre-
sent the people of New Mexico? He will assu-
redly misrepresent them, if he does other than
that which they sent him here to do. And gen-
tlemen must be blind, I say, who refuse to see
what that is. He is sent here for the purpose of
urging upon Congress the adoption of some meas-
ure for the establishment of a civil government for
that territory, and not to takehis seat as a Delegate
to repiesent them as a government. He was not
elected, hut appointed, and that, too, by a conven-
tion of Delegates, and not by the people. And to
do what? Why, in their own language, to go to
Washington and urge upon Congress to give them
a better form of a civil government. He was sent
here as an asjent, and not as a legally elected Del-
egate; and all the credential he has, is signed by
the officers of this convention of nineteen Dele-
gates.
Tellprs were ordered, and Messrs. Hamilton
and Gould were appointed.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative, (but by what vote it was impossible to
hear.)
So the amendment was rejected
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN counted the committee, and
announced—ayes 76, noes 68.
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Messrs.
King, of Rhode Island, and Hubbard were ap-
pointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 79.
So the committee rose.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman from
Mississippi would withdraw the motion for a mo-
ment, the Chair would, with the permission of the
House, lay before it a communication which he :
had received on yesterday.
Mr. FEATHERSTON withdrew the motion
for this purpose.
THE galphin claim.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
Washington, July 16,18o0.
Sir: The application I had the honor ro make through
vou to the House of Representatives, on tfce 2d of April
last, having for its object the investigation of my conduct j
and relation to the Galphin claim, has, as I understand, j
been decided, and the result is .the condemnation of the
claim and all subsequent proceedings under the act of Con-
gress which provided for its settlement, except the payment
of the principal.
As the question of interest is believed to be judicial in |
its character, I have now reepectfullv to request that the ■
House of Representatives may take the necessary step« to j
Crtuse legal proceedings to be instituted against me for the 1
recovery of that or any portion of the Galphin claim I have
received. At the same time I am prompt to give the a?su- ;
ranee that I will not interfere, delay, or raise in my df fence
any other question than th° proper construction of the net |
for the relief of Milledje Galphin, executor of the last will 1
and testament of George Galphjn, deceased, approved Au-
gust 4, 1848. ;
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient ;
servant, GEO. W. CRAWFORD, i
Hon. Howell Cobb, Sneaker, ^c., Washington. j
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose and 1
moved the reference of the communication to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES. Is it before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is only before the House j
by unanimous consent. !
Mr. JONES objected to its reception; but, at the ;
request of several gentlemen, withdrew the objec- j
tion. !
The SPEAKER. The objection is withdrawn.
If there be no objection, the question will be on
the motion to refer this communication to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, objected; but at request
withdrew the objection.
The SPEAKER again inquired whether any ob-
jection was made to the reception of the letter?
No objection being made,
The question was taken on the motion of'Mr.
Thompson, and it was agreed to.
So the communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Featherston, was taken and decided in the af-
firmative.
The House accordingly adjourned.
petitions, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition of Hugh
GtalMin, abkirtg a reduction of postage.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of James Mitchell,
asking remuneration tor property destroyed m the revolu-
tionary war.
By Mr. WENTYVORTH: A petition for removing the
Afi ican race, who are willing to remote to Africa; and also
for providing for their maintenance one year after their re-
moval.
By Mr. GOULD: The petition of Thomas F. Schoon-
maker and others, of the town of Rosendale, m the county
of Olstei, of the State of New York, praving for remunera-
tion for moneys expended by Captain Frederick Schoon-
mjRker in the revolutionary war.
By Mi. DQER : The petition of W. H. Van Derwater and
othei®, merchant-* and traders, praying that a law maybe
enacted admitting the products of Canada into the United
States tree of duly, or at a mere nominal rate, for statistical
purposed.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, July 17, 1850.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of citizens
of Illinois, asking a grant of the right of way
and a donation of public lands to the Terre-Haute
and Alton Railroad Company, incorporated by
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the proceedings of a
public meeting held at Osnegatchie, New York,
approving the policy of the late Executive in re-
lation to California and New Mexico, and in op-
position to the plan of adjustment recommended
by the Select Committee ot Thirteen for the settle-
ment of the slavery question—also in favor of &
tariff of specific duties, and a reduction of the rates
of postage; which were received, and ordered to
lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the resolution of the
Senate directing the Committee on Finance to in-
quire into the expediency of so amending the 8th
section of the act establishing a mint and regula-
ting the coins of the United States, of January,
1S37, as to allow the alloy to be used in manufac-
turing the gold coins of the United States to be of
silver only, or of so much copper, in addition to
the silver which exists in combination with gold,
as the same is found in California, as shall bring
said gold coins to the standard at present estab-
lished by law, and also into the expediency of es-
tablishing a mint in California, or, m lieu thereof,
one or more depo-s for assaying the gold bullion
there found, and of making an appropriation to
enable the United States to purchase said bullion,
and to coin and assay the same, to render it avail-
able to the miners with as little loss as possible,
asked leave to report upon the first branch of the
resolution that it is inexpedient; and as to the resi-
due of the resolution, they ask to be discharged—
a bill providing for a mint in California having
already pus&ed the Senate.
By the law of 1837 ten per cent, alloy, one half
only of which may be silver, is allowed; but this
ten per" cent, is of weight, and, according to the
legal standard, adds nothing to the value. The
silver has been left, because it has hitherto been
difficult of extraction by the ordinary refining pro- -
cess, and copper has been added to prevent the
coin from being worn and defaced. But if the
process for separating metals recently discovered
or invented by Professor McCulloh shall perform
what it promises—and there is good reason to be-
lieve that it will—the difficulty of separating com-
