804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
decide where and to what extent reductions and re-
trenchment should be made. Instead of that, how-
ever, the proposition sent to the committee to be
incorporated in the tariff bill, proposed to put the
public money at his command by a standing and
permanent indefinite appropriation, and would, had
it become a law, have armed the Secretary of the
Treasury with absolute power. He might have
abolished collection districts, cut down all allow-
ances provided for by law, and scattered the whole
collection system to the winds, if he had been so
disposed. The tariff bill became a law, but it is
scarcely necessary to add, that this proposition was
not ingrafted upon it. The Secretary seems to have
imagined that the new tariff law would, in some
way, cause a great reduction in the expenses of col-
lection; but he does not explain how. The new
tariff law went into operation on the 1st December,
1846. In his annual report to Congress, made in that
month,he seems to have passed over the subject of
the reduction of the expenses of collecting the reve-
nue, under the new tariff, without notice. The act
had become a law but a few days before, and of
course he had not had time to make those savings
which he seems to have thought could be effected
under the new tariff. Having got the new law into
operation, the Secretary applied himself to the busi-
ness of reducing the expenses of collection. I have
no doubt he was sincerely desirous of success. A
year passed away, during which time he had
ample opportunity to study and understand the
working of his favorite system of ad valorem du-
ties, and to apply to it all the retrenchment of ex-
pense which was practicable. In his annual report
on the state of the finances presented in December,
1847, he made the following important announce-
ment to Congress, to which 1 beg leave to call the
particular attention of the committee. He
"Diminishing expenses being one of the best means of
improving the finances,thechatge:? of collecting the revenue
from customs have been eareiully examined, and every
retrenchment made compatible with ihc public interest.
The saving thus effected, notwithstanding the va*t menace
of business, will amount, it is behoved, to nearly $500,000
per annum; not hy reducing wages or reasonable compen-
sation, but by di-pens iiig with every officer or agent not ab-
solutely required (oi the public service; bycuitailmg the
expense of the revenue marine; by introducing a more rigid
and perfect s-ystem of accountability; by clarifying the ex-
penditures and arranging them in tables under distinct
head*; and above all, by subjecting them to the sumu checks,
under ihe Miperviaion of the accounting officers ot the Tie.is-
ury.as apply to appropriations made'by law, in regai d to
which Congi ess will, no doubt, he guided by that wise and
enlightened* economy so important at this time to the main-
tenance of the public ci edit."
Now this is not a communication to Congress
of what he proposed to do, but a statement of
what he had actually done; that he had made every
retrenchment compatible with the public interest,
by dispensing with every officer or agent not ab-
solutely required for the public service; by cur-
tailing the expenses of the revenue marine, &c.
This report was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. Afterwards, a bill was re-
ferred by the House to the Committee of Ways
and Means, on the motion of a gentleman not now
a member of the House, [Mr. McRay,] then a
member of the committee, and which provided
that the gross revenue should be paid into the
Treasury, and the expenses of collection paid for
out of specific appropriations founded on esti-
mates to befurnished by the Secretary of thcTreas-
ury—and limited the expenditures to the maximum
sum of fifteen hundied and sixty thousand dollars.
This sum was arrived at by deducting half a mil-
lion of dollars from the expenses of collection in the
previous fiscal year. The statement of the Secre-
tary of what he had done in the way of retrench-
ment was received and acted upon by the commit-
tee as a fact officially verified. The bill passed
the House about the middle of March, 1847, and
remained in the Senate till the middle of August,
when, on the adjournment of Congress, it was
left in that body among its unfinished business.
It remained in that body till the last day of the
last session, when it was passed there, with some
amendments of dates to adapt it to the year that
had expired since it left the House. These amend-
ments were agreed to, in the confusion and haste
that always attend the close of the session, with-
out attracting any particular attention; certain it is j
that I do not recollect anything about it. It will be i
borne in mind that Mr. Secretaiy Walker made j
this report to Congress in the last month of the i
second quarter of the fiscal year which ended on j
the 30ih of June 1848. When, at the end of that f
year , the expenses of collection came to be footed
up, it turned out that, notwithstanding every re-
trenchment had been made by him compatible
with the public interest, and every officer and
agent dispensed with, not absolutely required for
the public service, instead of a reduction of half a
million, the actual expenses of that year went be-
yond those of the preceding year some seventy
thousand dollars.
The design and policy of this law was to require
that all the moneys collected for the Government
should be paid into the treasury and accounted
for, and that none should be paid out without the
consent of Congress specially given. It is, as I
have already said, a wise law, and ought to have
been passed long ago. But the facts which 1 have
stated prove conclusively that the limitation on the
expenditures to the sum of $1,560,000 per annum,
was incorporated into the bill in consequence of
a mistake into which the Secretary had fallen in
assuming that he had made a reduction in the ex-
pense of collection, which the sequel showed he
had not made, and could not make. 1 have not
gone through with this detail of facts for the pur-
pose of assailing the late Secretary; very far from
that; but for the purpose of vindicating myself as
one of the Committee of Ways and Means who
agreed to this limitation, from any imputation of
having acted in the matter without reliable in-
formation to stand upon. To say or insinuate
here that Mr. Walker had communicated to Con-
gress officially a fact which he knew to be untrue,
would be to charg.e him with a high crime and
misdemeanor. So far from that, I believe he was
sincerely devoted to the public service, and I have
no doubt he honestly believed this statement in his
report to be correct. When he stated he had
made this great reduction of near half a million,
he did not intend to deceive Congress, but was
himself deceived as to the result of his attempt at
retrenchment.
I have gone through with this narrative, also,
for the purpose of showing the true circumstances
in which the present Secretary took possession of
this branch of the public service. Fiom which it
must be apparent that every charge brought against
the present incumbent for not effecting reductions
will recoil with equal and even gieater force on
his predecessor. But the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means comments in pretty
strong terms on the supposed extraordinary ex-
penditures of the present Secretary, in the first
half of the present fiscal year over past expenses.
I admit, Mr. Chairman, that the facts in the
possession of that gentleman, at the time he made
his specch, justified him in saying that the ex-
penses of this bianch of the service had been in-
creased in the first half of the year. At the same
time, 1 trust, it is in my power to show that, m
fact, there has been no real increase of expense, but
only a nominal increase, growing out of the new
system of keeping the accounts at the Treasury,
to adapt them to the change made in the very law
we now have under consideration. Under the
old system, all the moneys collected by the Gov-
ernment oftieeis, for storeige, cartage, &c., were
paid out again by the collector without being paid
into the Treasury. The deficiency only, that is
to say, such sum only as the receipts from storage,
callage, &e., fell short of paying for this head of
service, was paid out of the Treasury. And the
deficiency so paid at the Treasury was all of
the expense which the Treasury accounts showed
to have been incurred for this purpose.
Since the act of the 3d of March last went
into effect, and for the first half of the present year,
all the moiiey received by the collector foi storage,
cartage, &c., is paid over into the Treasuiy, and
the whole pay is drawn out of the Treasury to
meet these expenses. Now I am mfotnied, that
the amount of storage, cartage, &c , is very large
—some two hundied and fifty or three hundred
thousand dollars. All that is paid out for these
objects, I have already said, now appears in
the Treasury accounts as expense ; but to get at
the true comparison of expense between this year
and the preceding year, the sums received into
the Treasury the present year must be deducted
from the charge against the item. Taking out
that and the supposed increase of waiehousing
expenses, and the estimated expenses for Cali-
fornia, and the expenses of collection this year
are so far no greater, and probably less than last
year. On the morning after the joint resolution
had passed the Senate and come to the House, the
Secretary of the Treasury had directed the clerk
having charge of this branch of the expenditures
to furnish him with a statement of the expenses
of collecting the revenue in the first half of the
year, so that he might feee how much the resolu-
tion left at his disposal for the second half.' The
clerk gave to the Secretary a true statement, with-
out adverting to the fact that this change had
taken place ih regard to this item of expenditure;
nor do I know whether the clerk knew it was the
Secretary's object to get a comparative statement.
Be that as it may, the statement was taken as the
true amount of expense for the first half of the
year. Taking the sum of twelve hundred and
ninety-four thousand dollars, which thus ap-
peared to have been expended in the first half
of this year, from the whole expense in 1848,
left only about the sum of eight hundred and forty
thousand dollars for the residue of the year.
The Secretary addressed a note to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, informing
him how much had been expended, and how
much would remain under the Senate's resolution
subject to his command; and upon that note the
amendment reported by the committee was predi-
cated, and had for its object to give him a sum for
the second half of this year equal to one half of
the whole expense of the year 1848. Now, I
sdppose that I might have known that the law re-
quired this change, but it did not occur to me any
more than to the Secretary; and I presume it did
not occur to the chairman, for if so, his frankness
and candor would have induced him to state it,
instead of complaining of an actual increase of ex-
penditure. I thought the chairman in his speech
showed pretty clearly that there had been an in-
crease. I called on the Secretary for information.
I knew that since the year 1844 there had been
no increase of the number of inspectors except a
few added by law, perhaps, in 1846, to the num-
ber in New Orleans. I found,on inquiry, that the
increase in the pay or emoluments of those em-
ployed in that branch of the service would amount
to a very inconsiderable part of such an increase—
in fact almost a trifle. 1 requested that the items
of the accounts of the first half of this year and of
the first half of the last year might be reviewed
and compared, as it was certain that would show,,
where the increase was, and probably lead to a
clue to explain what was wanted. It so turned
out; the large item of expense, for storage, cart-
age, &c., charged the first half of this year, com-
pared with the corresponding period of last year,
explained the whole difference. It also serves to
explain the increased estimated expense for the
next fiscal year, of which the chairman also com-
plained. The expense of that year is estimated
at twenty-seven hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars. Now, if to the sum of two millions two
hundred thousand, which were tfle expenses in
1848-9, there be added for storage, cartage, &c.,
say two hundred and fifty thousand; for the
expenses in California two hundred and fifty
thousand; and fifty thousand for increase of ware-
housing by the Government, if that be not dis-
pensed with; and for increase of business in new
districts likely to be established at the present ses-
sion,—and we have the sum of twenty-seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, without there be-
ing, in fact, any increase of expenditure in the old
service.
[Mr. DISNEY here inquired what amount was
.paid out for storage in the first half of this year,
and what in the first half of the last.
Mr. YINTON said (in reply) that he was in-
formed that the amount paid out in the fiist half
of this year was about one hundred eighty-one
thousand dollars, and the amount paid out in the
corresponding period last year about seventy-nine
thousand.]
Mr. V. resumed, and said that he thought the
explanation now given would be satisfactory, and
therefore he should bestow no further remarks
upon it, but pass to another topic.
Mr. BAYLY here said that if he [Mr. Vintow]
had anything further to say on that topic, he
wished him to say it now, as he [Mr. B.] should
dispute his conclusion'.
Mr. VINTON said, if the gentleman could not
understand what he had now said, he despaired of
enlightening him; that any one might deny that a
twelve o'clock sun shined, and call for proof.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, ask the attention of
