1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
Military Affairs the following resolution; which
was read for information:
Resolvedi That ihe President of the United States be, and
he i  hereby, requited to communicate to tins [louse Ins
views of til** ruli'S and resulations which should be estab-
lished bv law upon the following Mibjecls*, viz:
The «radation of rank lor the officers And non-commis-
sioned officers ot the military s?tafF and the line of the nriny.
The order of siieeer^ion to command among the officers
and non-commissioned officers of the armv.
The order ot prmv/cm.e between the officers of the non-
mihtary stuff of the arinv; and the officers of the army
Iiavuis^ staff or lineal rank.
The extent to which the officers and non-commis-ioned
officers ot the staff in the army shall be subject to the com-
mand of officers and non-commissioned officers ot the line
of the armv.
The ^nidation of rank for the sea officers and petty offi-
cer? of ihe navy.
The ordei of precedence between the sea officers and the
engineers and civil officers of the navy.
Th« extent to which the civil officers and engineers of
the navy shall be subject to the command of the sea officers
of the navy.
The relative rank of the officers of the mmyand of the
navy
The md' r of precedence between the non-military staff
officers ot the army and the engineers and civil officers ol
Che navy.
JVTo objection being made,
The resolution was received; and the question
being taken, was adopted.
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, there never
could be a better time, and, after this week, there
would be no opportunity at all, to clear the Speak-
er's table. Since the 27th of May last, the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table had been untouched,
and there was now accumulated upon it a large
mass of Executive communications and bills.
Many of the bills were of the highest importance,
and ought to go to the committees. He asked the
unanimous consent to take up this business,
meiely for the purpose of reference, and he hoped
no objection would be made.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
that the business on the Speaker's table be taken
up generally, or only such as does not give rise to
debate ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I don't know of any that
anybody will desire to debate; but lest debate
should arise, I will say such business as will give
rise to no debate.
Mr. JONES. I object to that limitation.
Mr. JOHNSON. To accomo^te all, then, I
will say all the business on the SpetM&r's table.
Mr. JONES withdrew his objection.
The objection was renewed by Mr. Wilmot.
Mr. BURT. I believe the object of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas can be obtained by taking
up the regular order of business. 1 call for that
order.
The SPEAKER. The call of the committees
is the regular order, and after one hour shall have
been consumed in that business, it will be in order
to move to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. STRONG. I have no objection to the dis-
position of the business on the Speaker's table, but
if objection be made, 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the further consideration
of the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 hope the gen-
tleman will not press that motion. I hear no ob-
jection to disposing of the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Objection is made on the
The SPEAKER,
right.
Mr. JOHNSON,
it is that objects?
Mr. WILMOT.
Mr. JOHNSON.
Have I the right to ask who
I object.
The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects. 1 expected so.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Strong, and
The SPEAKER, having counted the House,
announced ayes 60, noes 50.
Mr. JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler, and
Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and the tellers reported ayes 3G.
So*(one fifth of the members present voting in
the affirmative) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question on the motion of Mr. Strong was
again taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
97, nays 76; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Atlen, Alston, Andrews,
Asbmun, Booth, Brigua, William J. Brown, Burrow*,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Uable, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartier, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Chngman, Cole, Convin, Crowell, Deberry,
Dickey, Dixon, Dutv, Dunham, Durkf-e, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Giddmgs Gilmoie, Goodenow, Goit,
Gould, Halloway, Harlan, Hebard, Howe, Hunter, Wtl-'
Imin T. Jackson, Julian, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Preston King, Lutlefield, Horace Mdiin,
Marshall, M.iiteson, McDonald, MeG.iuahev, McKij-sock,
Finis E McLean. Mooie, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, On*, lJeftblee, Peck. Phelps, Phceniv, Pitman, Pot-
ter, Putnam, Reed, Risley, llobmsnn, Root, Ro-e, Ro&s.,
Rumsey, SchtMick, Scherinerhorn, Sclioolcrafi, Spauldmg,
Sprague, A. II. Stephen?, Thac1d<'us Slovens, Stetson,
Strong, Taylor, Thurtnan, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Wal-
den, Wentworth, White, Wiluiot, and Wood—97.
NAYS—Metsr<5. Ashe, Averetl, Bayly, Bennett,
Boeock, Bokee, Bovd, A G Brown, Buel, Bui t, E C. Cab-
ell, G. A. Caldwell,'W. 11. W. Cobb, Congci, Daniel, Dun-
mick, Edmundson, Nathan Evan*-, Ewtng, Featherston,
Gerrvj Gmman, Gieene, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, llar-
aWon, I. G. Harris T. L. Harms, Havuiond, Hibhard, Hil-
hardj Holladay, Hou-ton, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son, James L Johnson. R. W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
La Sere, L^ffier, Job Mann, Mason, R. M. Mel.ane, Mc-
Queen, McYVtllie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Mor e, Olds,
Oir, Outlaw, Parker, Rohbins, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd,
F. P. Stanton, R. II. Stanton, Sweater, Thomas Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Venahle, Waldo. Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Williams, Woodward,
and i'ouug—"?6.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McLake,
of Maryland, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
1 sideration of the report of the Committee on Elec-
tions in relation to the admission of Hugh N.
Smith, Esq , as Delegate from the Tenitory of
New Mexico.
The question was stated, as follows:
The majority of the Committee on Elections had
reported the following resolution for the adoption
of the House:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to admit Hush N. Smith,
E>qnn«i, to a seat in tins House as a Delegate lioni New
Mexico.
And the pending question was now on the sub-
stitute of the minority of the committee theiefor,
as amended yesterday, as follows:
Revoked, That the ^aid Hugh N. Smith be admitted to a
seat in the House ot Representatives of the (Jnin-d Slates
as a Dei.'gnte from New Mexico, tnr the present Congre-w :
Provided, That by such admission, this House js not to be
understood sis expressing any opinion relative to the con-
flicting boundary claim between Now Mexico and Texad.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to amend the amend-
ment, as amended, by adding thereto the following
proviso:
" Provided, further. That the said Hugh N. Smith '■hall
receive his* per diem from the date ol hi"* admission to a seat
as a Delegate, and the sum ot §1,0(X) mileage tor each
session."
Mr. RICHARDSON raised the question of
order upon the amendment.
The CHAIR decided lhat the amendment was
not in order, as it had no connection with any
question pending before the committee. The only
question before the committee was on the admis-
sion of Mr. Smith to a seat in this House as a
Delegate from New Mexico. The question of pay
was to be regulated by law, and not by a mere
resolution of the House.
Mr. SWEETSER appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
was taken, and decided m the affirmative, without a
division. .
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the amendment of Mr. Sweet ser was not
entertained.
Mr. GREEN desired to be informed by the
Chair whether it would now be in older to move
to strike out any poition of the words contained in
the resolution ?
The CHAIR supposed that such an amendment
would be in order.
Mr. GREEN then moved to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the words " as a Delegate from
New Mexico."
Mr. GREEN said he had submitted that amend-
ment, in order to raise and discuss the substance
of the real point of inquiry. The object of the
proposition is to strike out so much of the resolu-
tion as invests Mr. Smith with tllie character of
Delegate from New Mexico. This is the import-
ant question, which we must meet and cannot
avoid. By the resolution as it now stands, it is
proposed to admit Mr. Smith as a Delegate from
New Mexico. Now, sir, what is a Delegate ?
What does the term signify ? What will, be his
character if this resolution should pass ? ; A Dele-
gate, in the sense of our laws and institutions, is
one who represents a political community, and
who acts by virtue of authority conferred or dele-
gated by those whom he may represent. It ne-
cessarily implies that there is an organized com-
munity, who have a legal or constitutional right,
to be represented. ,.Unless that right is possessed
by New Mexico,,it cannot be delegatedto Mr.
Smith.
And here I call upon gentlemen to show any
constitutional right for this anomalous proceeding.
If that cannot be done, as I know it cannot, and as
has been universally admitted, then I call upon
them to show what taw entitles New Mexico,to a
Delegate. There is none. There being, then,no
constitution or law entitling the people there to a
Delegate, by what right can this House, by mere
resolution of one branch of Congress only, and
not by law, declare Mr. Smith the Delegate from
that part of our public domain? ltis,sir, a flagrant
departure from the law and from the past history
of the Government, in no instance, since the
adoption of our present Constitution, has any ter-
ritory had a Delegate in Congress until previously
authorized by law and organized as a Territory
When the gentleman from Minnesota was adrait-
ted, it was put upon the ground that that Territory -
was already organized, and entitled to a Delegate,
by virtue of the law organizing Wisconsin. ,
is the ground upon which he was admitted;jari3 'in i
every other case there was an express law'onfthe
subject; but here, in this case, there is no law, and .
no organization of the territory so as to make or
constuute them a people. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] seems to see the necessity
for organization, and therefore endeavors to prove
that New Mexico was a State of the Republic of
Mexico before the treaty, and says that organiza-
tion continues after the treaty. Now, sir, nothing
could be more erroneous, in my estimation. It is
true, Mew Mexico wes once a province of Mexico,
but the moment the treaty was made, that provin-
cial character ceased—her relative relations were
wholly changed, and New Mexico became part of
the domain. belonging to the United States. So it has
remained to the present time. There is no legal
organization there—there is no political commu-
ni°y there; Congress has passed no law relating to
that Territory. It is not even a Territory in a legal
and political sense, but merely apart of the lands
of the United States.
To be a Territory, in a correct sense, as under-
stood by our laws, there must be a previous act of
Congress creating it as such, and thereby impart-
ing "to it a corporate character, and investing it
with certain rights as a community. And then
they may be authorized by taw to send a Delegate
to this House. Congress has the right to make
needlul rules and regulations lespectmg the Ter-
ritory, and in the.exercise of this right, may au-
thorize the election of a Delegate. , But this House
cannot do so. This House is but one branch of
the law-making power, and for it to undertake, by
mere resolution, to give a Delegate to New Mex-
ico involves a palpable usurpation of power.
What a Delegate from a Territory is, under our
institutions, is a matter well understood. The
term has a fixed, a definite meaning, and the mo-
ment this House admits Mr. Smith as a Delegate
from New Mcxico, he becomes invested with all
the lights, powers, and privileges appertaining to
that character. He may not only take his seat
in this Hall, but he will have all the privileges of
debate possessed by others. He thus becomes the
j organ or mouth-piece of the Territory, and enti-
• tied to all the privileges and emoluments of a
member of Congress, except the right of voting.
And all this is sought to be done, not by law, which
would be correct and proper, but by the action of
this House alone. Sir, it involves another viola-
tion of the Constitution. It is this: When you
declare him to be a Delegate from New Mexico,
he becomes entitled to his mileage and per diem,
allowed by law to members of the House; and he
can and will doubtless draw it out of the Treasury.
Now, the Constitution says, " no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of
appropriations made by law." He wiii become
a Delegate, not by virtue of any law, but the sim-
ple act of this body; and, being a Delegate, he
diaws money from the Treasury, and thus, by the
