THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st C?oktgress, Jst Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1850.
New Series No. 20.
the committee for a short time to the particular
proposition offered by me, that is, to except Cali-
fornia and Oregon from being included in the sum
allowed, so as to make the resolution a provision
for the Atlantic service only. And in the first
place, from what I have already said, I shall as-
sume that there can be no material reduction in
the expenses of the service here without serious
injury to the commerce of the country, and also to
the revenue. There is in California and Oregon a
(State of things that is above and*stronger than all
ourlaws—we cannot control it, if we would. We
shall be obliged, during the present excited state
there, to take the Pacific service out of our general
system. For nothing; can be plainer than that if
we attempt to limit the service there to the same
compensation we give here, the result will be that
the custom-houses there will be shut up, and we
shall get no revenue at all. If the Pacific service
be not excepted, then a reduction must be made
here on the Atlantic equal to the whole expense
there. Now who can undertake-to tell what that
will be? Can the chairman or any one els.e do it?
I answer no. Besides, an inborn sense of justice
in the bosom of every man tells him, that if a duty
be imposed on a public officer, he ought to know
with a reasonable certainty the extent of that duty.
How much shall the Secretary retrench here to
make good the expense there ? If he reduce too
much, he will be charged with having done a
wanton injury to the public service; if too little,
then he will be assailed because he did not do
what the law commanded. Besides, what direc-
tions or orders can he convey to California after
this resolution shall pass in time to be of any
avail to him in this business of reduction, much
less can he get any information from there. Let
the service go on here on the Atlantic for the next
four or five months to the end of this year, as it
always has been conducted; and in the meantime
Congress can take up and act on the estimates for
the next year, and decide on what basis to es-
tablish the service. The whole amount involved
in this resolution is the ijifference of expense on
the footing if has always stood upon, and that
which will be saved in a half year by this new
forced system of reduction. It must at best be
but a very small saving. It is in very truth the
farce of " much ado about nothing;" while, from
what I am told of the effects of* what has already
been done to the merchants and business men of
the country, it is to them a veritable tragedy. I
rely, sir, upon the good sense of the committee to
adopt the amendment now proposed.
I now pass for a moment to another topic. It
never was the intention of the act of the 3d of
March last, that the Secretary of the Treasury
should undertake to revise the collection service.
He is only to submit detailed estimates, and it is
the proper business of Congress lo make such re-
forms as it may deem politic and expedient; but
in consequence of this limitation of the expendi-
tures having taken effect, and Congress having
delayed to do anything, he has been reluctantly
compelled to cut down the service far below its in-
dispensable wants. .
Everything has been thrown into confusion in
New York, and in the other great commercial
cities. A day or two since I saw the collector for j
the city of New York, who gave me a full and ,
detailed account of the effect already produced in i
the business community there; and without going j
into any repetition of his statements, which my i
time will not allow, the result of it was an expres- ]
sion of a firm conviction in his mmd, which he
authorized me to "state on this floor, that if matters j
were left there in their present plight for a twelve .
month, it would be attended with a loss of rev- (
enue to the Government of move than 'a million ;
of dollars. He stated that markers had been dis- ;
pensed with; that goods were obliged to be taken ,
at their invoice; that instead of being able to com- i
ply with the law whfth requires one or more in- .
spectors to be placed on each vessel, that m some i
instances one inspector was obliged to have the ,
charge of several. Now, this leads directly to en-
courage importations with false invoices, to smug-
20
gling, and all sorts of frauds. What, sir, is the
use of your collection districts, whose only office
is to prevent smuggling, and which collect little or
no revenue, if you open a so much better door for
it in the city of New York, or in Boston? In re-
gard to this crime, our people have thus far been
proverbially a moral community; but, sir, if you
once open a door for it, and force them into smug-
gling—if they once taste the sweets of an illicit
trade, and the public mind be thereby demoralized,
you may not find it a very easy thing toeradicate
it here more than elsewhere. Sir, I warn you
against that.
But I must hasten to another topic. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, to
avoid the effect of the objection, that the Secretary
of the Treasury ought not to undertake this sys-
tem of retrenchment, because in his action hemust
confine himself to those parts of the service over
which he has a discretion, and cannot change or
abolish those parts of it which are established by
law, while Congress has power over all—contro-
verts this position, and maintains, that since the
act- of the 3d of March last limits the expenditure
to $1,560,000, that therefore, by necessary impli-
cation, he has a power over the whole service, as
well that regulated by statute as that confided to
his discretion. Speaking of salaries, he says: "I
' know it is supposed he cannot touch these. It is
' said their salaries are regulated by law. I do
' not concur in this opiniom When the law of the
'3d of March, 1849, passed, requiring the Treas-
' ury Department to reduce the expenses of col-
' letting the revenue to $1,560,000, it necessarily
'gave the Secretary the authority to do it. His
' discretion as to the mode of reduction was un-
' limited"
Mr. BAYLY requested Mr. Vinton to read the
next paiagraph, which he did.
Mr. V. " Suppose (continues Mr. Bayly) the
' salaries of all the officers of the customs had
' been fixed by law prior to the 3d of March,
' 1849, could it be said therefore that it was inop-
'erative? That the last law would be controlled
' and modified by those which preceded it?"
Mr. VINTON said, this sounded as though
we were back again under the old dispensation.
It had been the fashion for many years past
to set up extravagant constructions in favor of
Executive authority—freely to-claim for the Exec-
utive legislative powers, and still more freely to
exercise them. He had hoped to hear no more
of this—that the change of Administration, if it
did nothing else, would leave Congress to enjoy
unmolested its proper function of legislation,
and that control over the policy of the country
which the Constitution vested in this department
of the Government. Sir, the Secretary is to lay-
estimates before Congress, and they are to make
the appropriations. To assume that this limitation
unsettles the whole system of laws regulating the
collecting service is to beg the question. If, as
the gentleman says, his discretion be unlimited as
to the mode of reduction of the expense, and gave
him control over ail salaries fixed by law before
that time, what is there to hinder him from getting
at the reduction in a much shorter and more ef-
fective way ? Out of the 110 or 112 collection dis-
tricts in this country, there are something like
i ninety of them that in the aggregate collect but
1 little more revenue than to pay the expense of
maintaining them. Suppose the Secretary puts
his hand on them and abolishes the whole of them
—or, what is more, in the exercise of this pretend-
ed unlimited authority, he should abolish the dis-
trict of New York itself: This would bring him
down to the limit at a single blow. All of these
are established by prior laws. If a district be pro-
tected from the hand of the Secretary, is it not be-
because it is established by law? And if a salary
be established by law, does it rest on any other or
jl less solid foundation ?
! Mr. BAYLY here inquired how many of these
officers had salaries, and said he would show very
i few of them had them.
1 Mr. VINTON said that some of them had
i! salaries, and others had fees fixed by law; and
that where a fee was fixed by law, it could no
more be touched than a salary. But, sir, I am
discussing a question of principle and power, start-
ed by the gentleman. What has it to do with the
question of power, whether-there-are few or many
cases falling within it?
^The gentleman undertook to show that the col-
lection service in this country was extravagant
compared with the cost of like service in other
countries. He drew a comparison in particular
between this country and Great Britain. He com-
plains especially of New York, where the expense
of collection is only about four per cent. What
will the gentleman do (if the rate of expenditure
is to be the criterion to decide whether the service
be economical or not) with nearly every district
south of the Potomac? In Mobile, Savannah,
Norfolk, Richmond, in Virginia, the expense of
collection is nearly or quite equal to one-half of
all {he money collected. What will he do with,
the Cherrystone district, in which, { believe, the
gentleman lives, and where the expense of* collec-
tion/ instead of being foui* per cent, as in New-
York, is two or three hundred per cent, on the
amount collected ?
The gentleman says, the expense of collection
in the United Kingdom is only 5 11-20 per cent.
I have here at my table the British financial ac-
counts for the year ending January 5'<h, 1848, the
year cited by him. I find on looking: into it he
has fallen into a mistake; that in that country
there is a more minute or larger classification of
expenses than with us; and that under the head
of expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
they do not embrace all the charges that fall under
that head in this country; and that if you include
there all the expenses charged here, the expense of
collection there would not probably fall short of
seven and a half per cent. I doubt whether there is
any country where the service is "done cheaper
than here.
' Mr. BAYLY here requested Mr. VfNTON to
name one item charged to the expense of the col-
lection service here, and not charged under that
head there
Mr. VINTON said, that head in Great Britain
did not. embrace their warehouse expenses, which
that year were some one hundred and sixty odd
thousand pounds, he believed. One of Mr. Walk-
er's letters, which was read at the Clerk's- desk,
shows that to this head in this country, fishing
bounties, drawbacks, and allowances are charged.
But the book I now hold in my hand shows a sim-
ilar list of payments there, which are not included
under the head of expenses of collecting the reve-
nue. Besides, let it be borne in mind, when we
make the comparison between the two countries,
that in the United Kingdom in the year ending
in January, 1848, the gross revenue from cus-
toms was, when converted into our currency,
equal to about one hundred and six millions of
dollars, while our customs yielded not to exceed
one-third of that amount. Now it is perfectly ap-
parent, that if in our present districts one hundred
and six millions of dollars were collected, the rate
of the expense? of collection would be greatly re-
duced; arid hence in London, where most money
is collected in England, the rate of cost is the least,
and for the same reason New \ ork costs the least
per cent, of any district in this country.
[Here Mr. Vinton's hour expired.] #
Mr. VINTON", before the close of his argu-
ment,'was cut off by the expiration of the allotted
tl°Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the gentleman have leave to close his remarks.
Mr. BAYLY hoped the permission would be
^The'cHAIR said it could only be granted by
unanimous consent.
A brief conversation followed.
Objection was made.
So Mr. Vintost was not allowed to proceed.
Mr JONES then obtained the floor. He said
he was not vain enoush to think that he could
throw any additional light upon the subject now
under the consideration of the committee; but,
