i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
mere resolution of one House of Congress, money
will be drawn from the Treasury, while the Con-
stitution says it shall only be done by law. Can
these violations of the Constitution be justified or
excused? Is there any reason, necessity, law, or
authority for such a dangerous departure from the
former practice of the Government? First give
Ne.w Mexico a government and laws, as ought to
be done, and then give them the qualified repre-
sentation heretofore given other Territories. This
should be done at once by Congress; but do not
reverse the whole order of things, and permit this
House to usurp the whole power, heretofore prop-
erly exercised by the House, Senate, and Presi-
dent, conjointly.
Mr. G. withdrew the amendment.
$$r. CARTTER renewed the amendment, for
thepurpose of explaining what he had formerly
said. He did intend to say that New Mexico
was originally in the condition of a State. He
did, not mean to use the word in the technical sense
in which it is used in our sisterhood of States.
This was his remark, in reply to an argument that
there existed no organized government in New
Mexico under which a Delegate could be lawfully
elected to a seat in this House. New Mexico
was transferred to the United States, not as a
State, or with the organized government of a State,
but in the enjoyment of all her rights as a munici-
pal government. Having that municipal govern-
ment, it entitled her to the privilege of being repre-
' sented on the floor of this House by a Delegate,
in-this view she had a right superior to that of
Minnesota and of Oregon to send Delegates here.
This, then, was the point of his argument. In
reference to the question of internal and municipal
organization, New Mexico had as perfect a right
to have,her Delegate on the floor of this House as
either Minnesota or Oregon has.
In relation to what had been said by the gentle-
man from Missouri, on the subject of the admis-
sion of a Delegate as an act of courtesy and in
reference to his pay, he would like to be informed
by what authority other delegates held their seats
on this floor?
Mr. GREEN. The rules and regulations of the
House, under the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CARTTER- Rules and tegulations ! > The
same constitutional provisions which applied to
one class of delegates, applied with equal force to
the others. He denied the authority of the House
to deprive any Delegate of his seat on this floor,
after he had been elected by ihe votes of the peo-
ple. He believed it to be his duty, as one of the
representatives of the great western interests on
this floor, to see that the people are not deprived
of any of the advantages resulting ftom the free
exercise of their elective franchise. He consid-
ered it to be his duty to stand up and raise his
voice against the violation of the rights of a hun-
dred thousand citizens.
Mr C. "withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DUER (renewing the Amendment) said, I
wish to address a few remarks to the House upon
a single topic: our right, namely—without refer-
ence to the expediency of its exercise—to admit
the gentleman sent here by the people of New
Mexico to a seat in this House. If 1 have correctly
understood the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Green]—and other gentlemen have taken the
same ground—he maintains that the title by which
Delegates sit here is an act of Congress, it js
supposed that an act of Congress authorizing the
people of a Territory to elect a Delegate, gives the
Delegate so elected a right to be admitted here, and
that this House has no right to admit a Delegate
to a seat without such act of Congress. Both
these propositions 1 deny. This House is com-
posed of Representatives elected by the people of
the several States. Congress has the power to
apportion such Representatives among the several
States; and this is all the power it ha««. It has no
power to say that any person not a Representative
of a State shall sit here. I challenge any gentle-
man to produce a syllable in the Constitution that
warrants the exercise of such a power. What,
then, is the title by which Delegates sit here? It
is derived from that clause of the Constitution
which authorizes each House to determine the
rules of its proceedings. We have power to admit
any person to sit within the bar of the House, and
to speak to us upon any question. Therefore,
what has been said about the want of popular
election, of the right of Texas to a portion of the
territory, and the like, addresses itself to our dis-
cretion, and not to the question of right or consti-
tutional power. Here is a person sent here by a
portion of the people of the United States, and he
asks permission to sir in this House and to address
us with reference to important questions in which
those whom he represents have a deep interest.
We might admit a person under such circumstan-
ces from New York or Philadelphia, or even from
a foreign country. Such a person is properly de-
signated a Delegate. He has none of the rights of
a member. I know that a loose, and, in my opin-
ion, an incorrect practice has prevailed with re-
spect to the privileges exercised by Delegates.
They have been peimitted to make motions and
offer resolutions. In the last Congress a question
was raised as to their lights in this respcct. The
point was, made under the rules of the House,
without reference to the Constitution, and the
Speaker decided in accordance with the usage that
had prevailed—that a Delegate might make a mo-
tion. No appeal, I believe, was taken. I thought
the decision wrong then, and subsequent reflection
has confirmed that opinion.' It seems clear to me
that to make a motion is a privilege none but a
member of the Hou>«e can exercise.
I asked the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Kauf-
man,] who contends that an act of Congress is
necessary to give a Delegate a title to a seat, where
he found in the Constitution the power conferred
on Congress to admit any others to seats here than
representatives of States ? The gentleman retorted,
by asking- me whether I had ever voted for a ter-
ritorial bill? This was an evasion of my ques-
tion, and raised a mere issue of personal consist-
ency. I have voted for territorial bills author-
izing the election of delegates, and I shall do so
without scruple again. An act of Congress is
necessary to give a Delegate a right to pay and
mileage, and to the franking privilege, and it is
useful to provide for holding an election; but it is
not necessary to authorize the admission of such
Delegate to a seat in the House, nor does it give
such Delegate a title to admission. The act of
Congress authorizes the people to send a Delegate
here, but whether he shall be received or not is
for the House exclusively to determine.
Mr. D. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BURT renewed it. He was happy, he
said, that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dufr] had given him (Mr. B ) an opportunity of
taking up the glove which that gentlemen had
thrown down. He (Mr. B.) had understood the
gentleman to maintain that the admission of a
Delegate from a Territory to a seat in this House
was not provided for by the Constitution. I (said
Mr. B.) agree with the gentleman in this respect.
I understand the gentleman to maintain further
that it is only by the action of this House that a
Delegate can be admitted here. I understand the
gentleman so to state his proposition as to exclude
the supposition that the admission of a Delegate
from a Territory is provided for by law, but that
he takes his seat simply by the volition of the
House. Now, I hold m my hand an act of Con-
gress, passed in the year 1817, providing for this
matter of Delegates from the Territories. I com-
mend this act to the consideration of the honora-
ble gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer.] He
will find that the iaw recites that the oidinance of
'87 provided for the election of Delegates from the
territory northwest of the Ohio river. The act of
1817 provides for Delegates who may claim their
seats under the ordinance of '87, or who might
appear from teiritories established by act of Con-
gress. Now, I beg to read the language of that
act. It is as follows:
"That in every Territory of the United States in which
a t'-mporaty government has been, or hereafter shall be,
established, and which by virtue of the ordinance of Con-
gress o( the thirteenth of July, one ihous md seven hundted
and eighty-seven, or of any subsequent act of Congress,
passed or to bp parsed, now hath, or hereafter shall have,
the right toaend a Delegate to Congress such Delegate shall
be elected every second year, for the samp term of two
ytars lor which members of the House of Representatives
of the United States are elected; and in this House each of
the said Delegates shall have a seat, uh the light ot deba-
ting but not ol voting."
Now, I apprehend (continued Mr. B.) that here
is our authority for the admission of Delegates.
The question then recurs, has a temtory°been
established by Congress in New Mexico, and
have the inhabitants of that Territory been author-
ized by Congress to send a Delegate here. I leave
it to the House to answer that question.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOLMES renewed the amendment He
desired to show that if the whole argument on
which the advocates for the admission of this
Delegate rested, were judged by a severe logical
test, the conclusion inevitably follows that this
man cannot take his seat on this floor. This is a
Congress acting under a charter by which they are
authorized to diffuse light and the genial heat of
.beneficial legislation through the country. He
inquired if Congress was not to be regarded as a
representative body? If it is a representative body,
all its functions are confined to legislative acts,
and. if it is representative, it cannot act without a
constituency. It is from a constituency that it
must derive its existence as a representative body.
And if he could prove that there was no constitu-
ency, then those who assume to be representatives
have no power to act in this case by admitting the
present claimant to a seat. "What is a representa-
tive? He is a representative of organized interests.
The constituency is an organized interest. Who
does this man come hereto represent? Does he
come to represent a civilized government? The
government of New Mexico is a military govern-
ment. What an absurdity here presents itself.
What an absurdity is a representative of a mili-
tary government 1 Is there no other government
that he, comes to represent? No, none. It is said*
he comes as a representative of the people. The
term people does not mean men. Men do not
make a people. Can any one tell who makes a
people? How can a Delegate be elected where
there is no constituency? Gentlemen ought to
pause before they decide this question. You will
create a fiie, which may not be easily extinguished.
Gentlemen say that they do not define metes and
bounds. He contended that they did, when they
attempted to take away from the State of Texas a
part of the territory within her boundaries, and
this, he insisted, they had no right to do.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SEDDON renewed the amendment. He
said: It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, very clear
that this House has no power, by its separate
action, to authorize the admission of any person
as a Delegate from a Territory, and entitle him to
the functions and emoluments of such position.
By the Congjij^-tion, the powers given to this
House in cparate capacity are,
"T<> determine the rules of its proceedings, puni«h its
members for disorderly behavior, and with tlie concuirence
ot two thirds, expel a member."
"To be the judge of the elections, returns and qualifica-
tions of its own members," &c. "To keep a journal of
its proceedings," &c.
Now, none of these clauses can be tortured into
conferring the power claimed. They clearly relate
and are confined to wholly different matters.
Whatever power there exists under the Constitu-
tion, to authoiize the appointment and leception
of Delegates from the Territories, must be found
elsewhere, and under other clauses. Such power
is nowheie conferred by express grant, and can
only be found under that general clause which
authorizes Congress "to make all laws which
' shall be necessary and proper for carrying intoex-
1 ecution the foregoing powers,and all otherpowers
4 vested by .this Constitution in the Government of
4 the United States or any department or officer
* thereof. "
All powers under this clause are expressly con-
ferred, not on either House singly, but on Congress,
and must be exercised by law. This power, then,
of authorizing the appointment and admission of
Delegates, must be exercised by Congress and em-
bodied in law. And such, sir, as lias been satis-
factorily exhibited by the able gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] has been the concep-
tion and practice of Congiess in its past action
How, indeed, could it be otherwise? The posi-
tion of a Delegate from a Territory, is that of a
highly trusted, a responsible officer. As such Del-
egate, he is entitled to high privileges, invested
with delicate responsibilities, and is authorized to
claim the mileage, pay, and emoluments of a mem-
ber. Is it not preposterous to suppose that such
functions and privileges could be imparted, such
appropriations of money be made, by the arbi-
trary will of this House alone, and without the
sanction of law? The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Duer] has, I submit, with due deference,
manifestly confounded the right of admitting to
the mere privilege of the floor, with the right of
receiving a Delegate, a known official, with recog-
