1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN replied, that it was in order.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if it was in order to
move an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania?
After some conversation—
"fhe CHAIRMAN decided to receive an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON moved, then, to add at the close
ef the original resolution, the words—
u And that the said Hugh N. Smith is hereby admitted as
a Delegate from said Territory."
He said that the reason why he offered this
amendment was, that it seemed to him that if the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
should prevail, it would amount to nothing more
than the affirmative of the abstract principle, that
it was expedient to admit the Delegate; that it did
not accomplish the object; in other words, that it
did not admit him.
Mr. STEVENS accepted the amendment to
the amendment, and modified his amendment ac-
cordingly.
And the question being on the amendment as
- modified—
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the amendment,
by adding at the end thereof the words, " at the
proper time."
, Mr. M. said: Mr. Chairman, my object in
;?: 6ffering this amendment is simply to have an op-
" porlunity of saying a few things in reference to
Vthe main quesiion; and 1 presume that is the ob-
-iject' of all others who offer amendments. The
■fx," gentleman Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] mis-
'fSpkkes 'he object of those amendments; they are
;.V ,riot offered to produce embarrassment, but to elicit
. •truth. There is no necessity that New Mexico
.Vsiiould be represented here to protect herself
8'gainst Texas. And the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who Inst addressed the
House, has made a great mistake in sayin°- she is
without counsel; nearly every northern man is her
counsel, who without regard to the Constiiution,
which limits the power of the House to specified
cases, as stated by my colleague, [Mr. Seddon,]
will vote to admit thii Delegate, without regard
to the law of 1817, read by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] which prescribes the
terms upon which teriitories are to be represented.
Gentlemen seemed determined to afford this as
another evidence of that total disregard of law and
precedent, when they stand in the way of their
anti-slavery prejudices. The fact that the country
from which this Delegate comes, is claimed by a
Bister Republic; that the people who sent him
here are claimed also as citizens of that Republic,
should of itself prevent the adoption of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,'
which can be legaided by Texas in no other point
of view than'as a deliberate insult to her feelings,
and contempt of her rights. If this Delegate is ad-
mitted, it will be in violation of law and propriety;
and no motive under Heaven can be assigned butthe
gratification of a hostile feeling towards the south-
ern portion of the Union. That the claim of
Texas is at least worthy of consideration, is ad-
mitted by a vote taken yesterday; notwithstanding
which, it is now proposed to assume over this
territoiy the jurisdiction which another power
claims. The constitutional question has not even j
been controverted; the legal one presented by the I
gentleman fiom South Carolina, there has been j
no attempt to meet. Neiihercan be controverted, 1
and yet gentlemen are bent on this irregular course
ot proceeding.
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment to the amend-
ment at the requestof
Mr. TAYLOR, who moved to insert after the
word " expedient," the words " as soon as possi-
ble." r
• Mr'uT" seems to me> sir> tilat the discus-
sion here has looked more to the courtesy of
admitting Mr. Smith to a seat on this floor, as
a Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico,
than to the duty of this Congress to admit a Dele-
gate here to represent the interests and the wants
of the country which has been acquired from Mex-
ico. Now, in looking over the treaty which has !
been recently formed with Mexico, I find the 9th j
article to be m these words—and I wish lo call the j
attention of the committee to that article in order
that they may see that it is the duty of this House
not .six months hence, or at some future time, but |
as soon as possible, to uphold the rights and to i
protect the liberties of those persons residing upon i.
July 18,
the territory which we have thus acquired by
treaty with Mexico, and to confer upon them all
the rights appertaining to citizens of the United
States as soon as possible, as we are bound to do
by the terms of the treaty. Then why should we
delay or refuse to admit a Delegate to represent
the true condition of that people? I ask the atten-
tion of the committee for a moment, while I read
the article. I read from the original draft of the
treaty, for I have not by mo at this moment a copy
of the treaty as ratified, but the provision is sub-
stantially the same:
Is Article 9. The Mexicans who, in the territories afore-
said, shall not preserve the character of citizens of the
Mexican Republic, conformably with what is stipulated in
the preceding articie, shall be incorporated into the Union
of the United States, and admitted as soon as possible ac-
coitling to the principles of the Federal Constiiution, to the
enjnj meat of all the rights of citizens ot the United States.
In the mean time, they shall be maintained and protected in
the enjuj merit of their liberty, their property, and the civil
rights now vested in them according to the Mexican laws
With rcspeet to political right", they shall he on an equality
with that of the inhabitants of the oilier Territories of the
United Suites, and at least equally good as that of the in-
habitants ol L"ui&iana and the Florida*, when these prov
nice", by transfer from the French Republic and the Cruwn
of Spam, became territories of the United Slates."
Now, sir, I understand this treaty, under the
provisions of the Constitution of the United States,
as being the supreme law of the land. And we
are required, as the Representatives of the people,
to carry out that supreme law, by admitting the
inhabitants of New Mexico as soon as possible to
the enjoyment of all the rights and privileges of
citizens of the United States. Is there any gen-
tleman of this committee who will deny that
proposition? It seoms to me that we are bound
to carry out that provision of the treaty to the very
letter—that we are under an imperative obligation
to do so. How are we to carry it out? We are
told that there is a population of ninety thousand
in that territory. Has this population no claim
upon us? Have they not a right to be heard on
this floor? But it is said that the admission of this
Delegate will have an injurious effect upon the set-
tlement of the disputed boundary; that his admis-
sion will increase the difficulty; or, rather, that it
will render the-matter more difficult of adjustment.
I am of a contrary opinion. I think his admission
will clear the way for an adjustment. I want him
here. I want his advice. I want to profit by his
knowledge of the state of things existing in that
territory. I learn from his printed address, that
he has been sent here to represent about ninety
thousand people. With the exception of about
ten thousand, who are Indians, he states that these
people are Mexicans and Ameiican citizens; and it
certainly seems to me that we are called upon im-
peratively to admit them as soon as possible to the
privileges of citizens of the United States.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said that he re-
newed the amendment for the purpose of submit-
ting a few remarks to the committee. He had
not supposed that there existed any serious design
on the part of the majority ot this body to admit
a Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico to a
seat on this floor. He began, however, to expe-
rience some change of opinion on that point, and
to think that there was a design to admit him
I against the Constitution and against law. '
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] had
argued that the Delegate ought to be admitted, be-
cause, under the treaty with Mexico, the United
States had assumed the obligation to admit the in-
habitants of the cedcd territory to all the rights
and privileges of American citizens as soon as
possible, at such time and in such way as might '!
be determined by Congress. Now, he would ask, !'
was this the manner in which the people of New '
Mexico were to be admitted to the rights and priv-
ileges of citizens ? Was this the mode in which
this treaty was to be carried out? Certainly not
What privileges would the Delegate(if a Delegate
he was) have upon this floor? But there was a
prior question which addressed itself to the con-
sideration of the committee. Prom an examina-
tion of the facts of this case, he thought it would
be found, that this gentleman had not been elected
by the people of New Mexico as a Delegate to
take his seat here; and that the people of that Ter-
ritory had no such expectation. This House was
certainly not securing the rights of the people of
New Mexico by giving the right of representa-
tion on this floor to a man whom the people had
not selected for the purpose. They sent that gen-
tleman here for no such ob ject. And it must be
evident to the gentleman from Ohio, and to every
one else, that the rights of the people of JNew
Mexico under the treaty could not be secured in
this way. What are we doing? (asked Mr. S )
In the very midst of an extraordinary cris'13
in the history of the country, the whole char-
acter and purposes of the Government are to
be changed. States are to be moulded—built up—
and introduced into the Confederacy against all
precedent, against all law, and in an unconstitu-
tional manner. And this mode of proceeding is
even carried so far, that the constitutional rights
of one of the sovereign States of the Union are to
be violated. This House undertakes to decide a
question between the United States and a sover-
eign State, and to violate the rights of the latter
for the purpose of introducing on to this floor a
Delegate not authorized to act in that capacity by
the people whom he assumes to represent. How
long do gentlemen expect this Government to sur-
vive under such a course of proceeding? It is true
that this Delegate, in no aspect of the case, has
any right to vote or to participate effectively in the
proceedings of the House. But you are violating
law, you are violating principle, and, at the same
time, you are not acting in conformity to the, will
and the wishes of the people who sent this gentle-
man here for a specific purpose, and not to take
his seat upon this floor as their Representative. I
regard this as a dangerous measure—dangerous as
a precedent, and dangerous m itself.
Some gentlemen in the course of this debate
have said that New Mexico had no Representa-
tive, whilst Texas was ably represented on this
floor. As I understand, there is no question be-
tween New Mexico and Texas 
The hammer fell.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD renewed it. He said, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] is mistaken in
supposing that the treaty with Mexico requires
the admission of the people of the territories ac-
quired from Mexico "as soon as possible." The
provision he has read was stricken out of the
treaty, although it has been once before read in
this House as a part of it. I send, sir, to the
Clerk's table, to be read, the ninth article of the
treaty as it was ratified. The Clerk read, as fol-
lows: «
" Mexicans who in the territory aforesaid shall not pre-
serve lite character of citizens of the Mexican Republic
cnnfnrmably with what is stipulated in the preceding arti-
cle, shall be incorporated into the Union of the tinned
States, and be admitted at the pioper time (to be judged of
by the Congress of the United Plate-*) to the enjoyment of
all the rights of citizens of tlTe tinned States, according to
the principles of the Constitution; and in the mean tune
shall be maintained anil piotected in the fiee enjoyment of
their libei ty and piopertv, and si cured in tile lree excreise
ot Itieir religion without restraint."
Such, sir, is the treaty. By its provisions the
people of this Mexican territory are to be, incor-
porated into the Union at the "proper time," to
be judged of by Congress. It makes the action of
Congress a condition precedent to their admission.
It is for this reason, as I have argued on a former
occasion, that the people or inhabitants of these
territories have no right to proceed to the forma-
tion of a State government without the previous
consent of Congress. The State governments,
in New Mexico and California are both null and
void, because they are contrary to the treaty,
which is the law of the land. They have super-
seded existing governments by an illegal and revo-
lutionary action. They have usurped the powers
of Congress.
The latter clause of the treaty which has just
been quoted, evidently contemplates an iritermedi-
I ate territorial organization, according to the past
usages of the Government. This is an effort to
govern a Territory by this House—to do that by
one branch of Congress, which can only be accom-
plished by both, for the admission of a Delegate
is an act of government, intended to supersede"the
formation of a regular territorial government for
New Mexico.
It is the assumption on the part of this House
of the power to admit a Delegate from a place
called New Mexico, precisely in the same manner
and with the same powers as Delegates from Ter-
ritories created by the legislation of Congress. It
is the enormous assumption that one House of
Congress can, without law, admit a person to a
seat within the body, and confer upon him powers
of legislation. For it cannot be contested tha
