1850.
the congressional globe.
309
of Kilhngsworth, Connecticut, for same. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Oftice and Po^t Roads,
By Mr. TWCJR3TON: The memorial of a citizen of
Oregon Teriuory, pm>ing an appropriation for the erection
of a suitable penitentiary in Oregou Territory. Referred to
the Committee on Territories.
By Mr. BINGHAM: A map accompanying the petition
for the improvement of North Blake Lake, m the State ol
Michigan.
Also, the petition of captains of vessels on the upper
Jakes, tor the establishment ot a light house on the south
side of the Straits of Mdckiriac.*
Also, the petition of tutizens of Grand Rapids, for the re-
peal of an act of Congrebis giving the heirs of William
Woodwoith a patent for a certain planing machine.
By Mr. ALEXANDER: The petition ol Donne Van
O'Lmda and IS7 ciuztns of Montgomery county, New
York, lor a reduction of postage.
Abo, of Leander Fox and 33 citizens of Montgomery
county, New York, for the same..
Also, of 37 citizens of the town of Mendon, Montgomery
county, New York, for the same.
By Mr. mILLSON: The petition of Commander John
L. Saunders, United Slates Navy, asking to be reimbuised
for certain expenses mcuired while in command ot the
United States ship St. Mary's. Referred to the Committee
on Naval Allans.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Richard Williams
and other euuens ot Buffalo, in lavor ot cheap postage.
Also, the petition of B. Burwell and other citizens of
Erie countv, New York, in favor ol cheap postage.
By Mr. HARALSON : The petition ot John P7 Wornock,
praying ti r rehet as contractor on mail route. Referied to
the Committee on the Post Office and Posi Roads.
By Mr. CONGER: '1 lie petition of 18 citizens of Auburn,
New York, asking a reduction of postage to two cents per
hall once on piepaid letters.
AI*o, a like petition of citizens of East Homer, Cortland
count)', New Yoik.
By Mr. DO t'Y: The petition of William Porter, John
W. Davis, A. C. Ketehum and 84 others, citizens of the
counties of Dane, Columbia, and Dod^e, in \Wconsm, for
a mail route fiom Madron to Wau&harj. Referred to tiie
Committee on the. PostOdiee and PobtRoads.
Also, the petition of VY\ A. Prentiss, A. R. Btelfield, J. W.
Pixley, and others, lor a reduction ot postage to two cents
prepaid. Relerred to the Committee on the Po&tOfhce and
Po-t Roads.
Also, the petition of B. O'Connor, W. H. Rampay, W. H.
Lord, and others, for ihe reduction ol po&Ut^t, to thiee cents,
or five it not prepaid. Relerred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. GOODENOW : The petition of B. Freeman and
27 others, citizens ot Yarmouth,Mtune, asking toi u cht-.ap
postage." Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-t Roads.
By Mr. LITTLEFIELD: The petition of Richard T.
Dunhip and 60 others, ot Brunswick, Maine, prajing for a
reduction of the rates ot postage. Referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. [Mr. L. desired to
sdy, that the petitioners were gentlemen oi the highest re-
spectability, and that he concurred in their views on the
subject referred to.]
By Mr. GENTRY : The petition of Rev. Jesse Cox and
240'other citizens of William-on county, Tennessee, com-
plaining that they "regatd the appropriation or our na-
tional funds to support a national clergy for the Houses ot
Congress, for tile army and navy, for military schools and
Indian station^, to be as burdensome and oppressive as ll
the same tax was levied to sustain a national church;" and
praying "Congress to abolish the ofhee ot chaplain,and
henceforth abstain from all legislation on religious sub-
jects." Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. MORI ON : The petition ot citizens ol f'airfax
eounty, Va., tor tne reduction of postage. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Oliice and Post Roads.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: A joint resolution pro-
viding lor the distribution of public documents to the sever-
al counties in the United States.
By Mr. EVANS, ol Ohio: The petition of Seth Adams,
Zanesville, Ohio, for indemnity for French Spoliations prior
to ldtlO. Reieired to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HOWE. Five several petitions fiom two hundred
and sixty three citizens ot Men er county, Pennsj Ivama,
praying Congiess to reduce tne rates oi postage, and toabol-
ish the flanking puvilege. Relerred to the Committee on
the Post Office ami Post Roads.
By Mr. BEALE: The petition of Samuel Millan and
other-, for a post route ftoin West Union, county of Dod-
nd«e, Virginia, to Webb's Mills, on the Staunton turnpike,
in the county of Ritchie, Virginia, accompanied by a dia-
gram of post routes from Post Oliice Department. Relerred
to the Committee on the Post Oliice and Post Roads.
Also, the petition ot P. M Adams and others, asking the
surrender of title to one hundred aeies ot land belonging to
the United Slates, to Eli Wilson, of Biaxton county. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy. .
Al-o the petition o( many persons in western Virginia,
praying that chaplains be not employed in the Army or
Navy of the United States. _ t .
Al-o, a petition for a mail route from Lnmberport, in
Harrison county, Vugiuia, to CeuterviHe, in the county ol
Taylor, in ••aine State, accompanied by diagram of post
route from Post Ofhee Department.
Mr. BEALE also moved the reference of the papers ot
G. W. Jackson (withdiawn from the hies of the House ot ,
Representatives) to the Committee ot Claims. •
Dv Mr. HARALSON: The petition ol JohnP. Woonoek,
nravin® reiiei, as contractor on mail route. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Bv Mr. MILLElt: The petition of 13. Wall, and sundry
other citizens of Manon county, Ohio, asking a reduction of
the oresent rates ol postage.
AUo'lhe petition ot Waiter Smith, and sundry other citi-
zens' of Knox county, Ohio, asKing a reduction of the
present tales ot postage. Referred lo the Committee on the
Post Oftice and Post Roads.
fir* motion hv Mr. BRIGGS, it was
Oiierei, That the papers ot" Captain Elliot Smith, a
coasting trader, be withdrawn from the files of the House,
and be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. LA SEKE, it was
Ordered, That the papeis of the legal representatives of
Lathrop Allen, deceased, be taken irom the files and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 7,1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
a memorial of Susan Decatur, widow of the late
Commodore Decatur, asking that the prize money
due for the capture and destruction of the frigate
Philadelphia, in the harbor of Tripoli, may be dis-
tributed among the captors, and protesting against
any portion of it being paid to Priscilla Decatur
Twiggs or her sisters; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of S. P. Walker and others,
citizens of Iowa, in favor of a railroad from the
valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean ; and
also for the issue of gold coin of the denomination
of twenty-five dollars; which was referred, the
first part to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and the latter to the Committee on Finance.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, made
in compliance with a resolution of the 5th instant,
calling for copies of any proposals for printing
issued from his Department, the bids received
under the same, contracts made, &c.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, as 1 see that
the chairman of the Committee on Printing is now
in his seat, I wish to call his attention to the fact
that, under a resolution of the Senate, passed on
motion of the honorable Senator fiom Alabama,
[Mr. Clemens,] and in the House of Representa-
tives on motion of one of the Representatives from
North Carolina, [Mr. Yenable,] the message sent
to us by the President, with the accompanying
documents, has been directed to be printed.
Upon an examination of the President's annual
communication at the opening of Congress, it will
be found that nearly two-thirds of the entire doc-
uments were printed, and I simply request the
chairman of the Committee on Piinung to take into
consideration this fact, and see whether it is proper
that the Government should three times publish
these voluminous .documents at so great an ex-
pense. That fact exists. Three times have these
documents been published in very laig# numbers;
and if the Senator from Florida [Mr. Yulee] were
in his seat, I should like to call his attention to the
resolution offered by him requiring the Postmaster
General to furnish such papers as were necessary
to establish the facts as to the causes of the fail-
ures of the mails between New York and New Or-
leans; and 1 would like to inquire whether he has
examined the subject in order to ascertain how
many clerks it will require to make an examination
as to the passage of the mails every day from New
York to New Orleans and back, and get the in-
formation desired. I think it is improper; and I
call attention to it in order, if possible, to save this
tremendous and unnecessary expense of public
money and loss of time.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not know whether 1
fully understand the statement made by the Sena-
tor from Georgia on the subject of printing the
documents accompanying the President's message.
The only kind of printing that lias come befoie
the committee of that kind, that I am aware of, is
that directed to be printed in connection with the
President's message. I will state what is the
piactice in regard to documents ordered by the
Senate to be printed. When a documentis ordered
to be printed by the Senate, it is the custom of the
Secietary of the Senate immediately to notify the
Clerk of the House of Representatives that such has
been the order of the Senate, with the view that,
if the same document should be ordered by the
House, it may be printed at the same time, only
increasing the number of copies. I presented this
matter to the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing of the House of Representatives, who told me
that he had conferred with the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, and that a similar arrangement
had been made there; so that, when the same
document is ordered to be printed by both Houses,
only an additional number is added to the number
first ordered, and the expense of printing two
separate documents is not incurred.
Mr. DAWSON. What I allude to is this.
Two weeks before we passed the resolution order-
ing the printing of the message and documents ac-
companying it, a similar resolution was passed in
the House of Representatives. Some additional
information was required by this body, and both
documents have been ordered to be printed. I
wish to know whether the Committee on Printing
has taken any steps to prevent the printing of these
documents twice, and has that committee found
out that two-thirds of all the information asked for
is attached to the documents sent in by the Presi-
dent with his annual conynunication. If not, I
want to call their attention to it, that they may see
if they cannot provide a remedy by which to pre-
vent these injudicious orders of both branches of
Congress. The fact is, we have three different
orders for printing the same communication at the
same time.
Mr. BORLAND. It is not in the power of the
committee to prevent such a state of things with-
out prior action on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. 'So I thought, and I wanted
to call your attention to it, that you might give it
the proper direction. *
Here the conversation dropped. *
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MANGUM. With the indulgence of the
Senate for a very few minutes, I desire to make a
statement touching a private transaction, a 'mem-
ber of this body being one of the parlies. It will
be remembered that, upon the occasion of the
presenting of a resolution here by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] for the pur-
chase of the manuscript copy of the Farewell
Address of the Father of his Country, the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] par-
ticipated m the debate, and made some remarks
| that were characterized by a good deal of strength
and poignancy. These remarks were supposed
; to have touched the sensibility of a gentleman in
this District who is well known here. 1 mean the
Hon. George C. Washington, of Georgetown,
known to most of us as high-spirited, gallant, and
sensitive to anything that might, seem to touch
j in the slightest degree his personal honor, and
I equally well known as amiable, estimable, oour-
| teous, and just. He made a publication in the
j National Intelligencer of this city, to a portion of
j the phraseology of which I heard that some ex-
! ception was likely to be taken by the honorable
; Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] and a
counter publication was meditated—probably pre-
pared.
In this state of the case I was called upon by a
leading and distinguished citizen of this District,
and my personal interposition was invoked to en-
deavor to bring the matter to a conclusion without
any publication whatever. Seeing that the re-
marks in the original publication by Col. Wash-
ington were deemed of a character to require, in
the judgment of the Senator, [Mr. Borland,] a
counter publication, I thought it not improbable
that, in that counter publication, some remarks
might be made to enhance the exasperation, if any
existed, and perhaps to embroil, without neces-
sity or any sufficient cause, two honorable and
amiable gentlemen. I sent a message to Col.
Washington to give me the opportunity of a per-
sonal interview with him, without indicating the
subject upon which I desiied to see him. He
| came to this Capitol, and 1 had an interview with
! him. I deemed it a matter of great delicacy to
make any communication to him that a counter
publication was contemplated, because we all
know that the slightest appearance of anything
being held in ttrrorem would paralyze him with
: respect to any action with me or any other Sen-
ator—he being the nearest relative living of his
great kinsman, the Father of his Country, and as
sensitive as he was to anything touching his
honor. I therefore, sir, in the interview which I
: had with him, put it upon the ground that I had
! heard of exceptions having been taken to some of
! the phraseology in his papei, and that, upon re-
viewing it, 1 thought myself that a certain ex-
pression was strong, and was capable of misinter-
pretation and misapplication, very injuiious to the
feelings of the honorable Senator from Arkansas.
I didBthis upon the suggestions of my own judg-
ment. 1 had never spoken to the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas upon the subject, nor did I
communicate to Colonel Washington that personal
exceptions had been taken by the honorable
