310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
Senator from Arkansas; but that I had heard
that remarks and criticisms had been made
upon one of his expressions as unnecessarily
and uncourteously harsh. The expression, sir,
was "aspersion"—an imputed aspersion of the
levolutjonary soldiers and their descendants by
the Senator. I said to Col. Washington the first
and best meaning of theword "aspersion," in the
connection in which it was used, was u calumny;"
and that the imputation of calumny, if it should be
so considered by the honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas, could not but be regarded as highly injuri-
ous and offensive. I therefore suggested to Col.
Washington to consider if it weie not due to him-
self, as well as to the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] to disavow a meaning so offensive,and
which I was very sure, from the whole tenor of
his communication to the Intelligencer, he did not
design. Col. W. promptly and tiankly stated that
his object was not attack, but purely defensive,
and to put himself right before the public; that he
had written his communication hastily, and under
some feelings of irritation—as he supposed the re-
marks broad enough to include him with others;
and did not carefully weigh the import of his lan-
guajje^but that it was due to truth for him to say
that he meant no imputation of calumny, but that
he meant simply, and most distinctly, if the re-
marks ol the Senator were designed to apply to
him, that they weie utterly without color of found-
ation in point of fact. Upon stating my belief that
the Senator meant no offensive application to him;
that I had attended to his remaiks, though 1 had
never spoken to. him on the subject, Col. Wash-
ington promptly said that it would give him pleas-
ure, upon any suitable occasion, to say to'the
Senator, or any of his friends, what he had just
said to me; and, finally, i think upon his own
suggestion, requested me to do him that justice to
the Senator as early as might be convenient. I do
not pretend to be exact in language, but give the
substance.
At this time, 1 repeat that Col.Washington did
not have the slightest intelligence or suspicion that
the Senator from Arkansas had taken such a view
of this matter as, in his judgment, requned a
counter-publication, or any other movement what-
ever.
I then had an interview with the Senator from
Arkansas for that purpose, and detailed the sub-
stance of this conversation, when he at once, hon-
orably, candidly, and frankly, said that he did not
hesitate, in this aspect of the question, to state
that it was as far from him as horn any man in
the country to have reflected on Col. Washington,
the Washington family, or upon any of ttsinends
or connections. He had no such purpose—no
such idea had enteied into his head.
Well, sir, in this state of things there was a
restoration of that kindly feeling which peihaps
had never been seriously disturbed on the part of
Col. Washington, and 1 think not on the part of
the honorable Senator from Aikansas; and the
affair having been made public in the prints of this
city, 1 think it is due to both parties that here, and
on this theatre, where the supposed offence oc-
curred, this statement should be made.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask, Mr. President, that
the Senate will indulge me in a few words of re-
sponse to my honorable friend from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Mangum.] My recollection and im-
pressions accord strictly with the statements he has
made; and 1 am truly gratified that he has so ap-
propriately and kindly made those statements to
the Senate; thus obviating the necessity of any
publication through the newspapers, by myself.
I avail myself of the occasion to say, in re-
sponse to the avowal so frankly made m behalf of
Col. Washington, that my lemarks upon the res-
olution for the purchase of the manuscript of the
Farewell AddrebS were entirely without reference
to that gentleman, or to any member of the Wash-
ington family. Af that time I did not know that
Col. Washington had ever had a pecuniary trans-
action of any kind with the Government of the
United States, or was in any way instrumental or
concerned in the transfer of the papeis of Wash-
ington to the (Government. Neither he, nor any
member of the Washmgton famiiy, was in my
mind at the time.
My concluding remarks, in which I spoke of
" the sacred bones of Washington," iiad no refer-
ence, and certainly were not intended for particu-
lar application, to any individual bearing that
name. I wished to rebuke that spirit of specula-
tion which I deemed too prevalent, and which
seemed disposed to spare from its sordid grasp
not. even the holiest sentiment of patriotism—the
sentiment which invests with a degree of sanctity
and veneration even the personal relics and inani-
mate remains of the benefactors of our country.
To give point and force to that rebuke, I indicated
" the bones of Washington," as the most sacred
and the last of such relics, and expressed the ap-
prehension that the sordid spirit 1 denounced, if
not at once discountenanced and sternly rebuked,
would, at no distant day, become utterly shame-
less, sink to the lowest earthly degradation, and
be capable even of that last and most revolting of
all indecency and sacrilege, the invasion of the
tomb of Washington. Such was my intention,
and such I did not for a moment doubt would be
its understanding by all who heard or read my re-
marks.
I have deemed so much due, alike to Col. Wash-
ington, to every descendant of the Father of his
Country, and to myself. For him, and for them,
I join the mass of my countrymen in entertaining
sentiments of the most profound respect.
memorials ajnd petitions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Henry A. Wright, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee on the subject.
Mr. RUSK presented additional documents in
relation to the claim of Wm. H. Francis to com-
pensation for services as a Lieutenant in the late
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
international arbitration.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, favorable to the reference of questions
of international dispute to arbitration; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
abolition of slavery.
Mr. HALE. 1 have received and been requested
to present to the Senate the memorial of an asso-
ciation of Friends for promoting the abolition of
slavery and improving the condition of the free
people of color, asking Congress to do what they
may to prevent the increase of slavery, by the
non-admission of any new States into the Union,
or the erection of any new Territorial Governments
which do not contain organic laws expressly pro-
hibiting th^continuance or establish merit of slavery
within their limits. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the memorial
come within the rule? Does it ask for any action
by Congress on the subject of slavery ?
Mr. HALE. 1 believe it does not. It simply
remonstrates against the admission of any new
slave States or Territorial Governments.
Mr. KING. Who is it from? Is it from ne-
groes?
Mi. HALE. I believe the rule does not require
me to state ihe complexion of those from whom
it comes. It is from an association of Friends in
Pennsylvania. I do not know that they are peo-
ple of color; the memorial states nothing about
their complexion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the petition be received and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. HALE. I have also a petition from citi-
zens of Collins Centre- 
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to the reception of
the memorial.
Mr. HALE. I ask if it is in time?
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that it is m time; the question had not
been taken.
Mr. HALE. I ask then for the yeas and nays
I on that question.
j Mr. KING. I ask that the petition be read.
' The Secretary read it as follows:
1 To the Senate and House of Repi aentutivei
i oj the United Htntes, oj Jiracricii:
The Association ol Friends foi promoting the abolition of
slavery and improving the condition of the free people of
color, respectfully repiesents:
Thru the members ol the Society of Friends have ioi?g
maintained the principle that "all men are created equal, ,
that ail should have; equal rights and privileges guarantied I
to them as citizens of a common country." i
In view ol tins, they have been led to look at the in-
creased extent oi oui domain, and of the necessity of main-
t,lining over its wide surface such equal Jaws as shall render
happiness and security to all. The system of slavery, which
has so long burdened and desolated the southern portion of
our land, ts viewed by u-< all with deep concern, and the le.ir
pres>es upon ns, that m the admission of new States inftf
ihe Union, and the election of new Territories', lhi> terrible
evd may be spread and perpetuated, thus adding blight to
blight, with its va^t addition of di-tres^, of t-orrow, and of sin.
We, howevei, a-k of you, possessing, as you do, the. legis-
lative power, to prevent the mcrease'of tins dreadful tvil,
by the non-admifsion of new States into the Union, or the
erection of new Territones, whose constitutions or organic
laws do not contain express prohibitions to the establish-
ment and continuance of slavery within their limits.
Signed, on behalf of the aforesaid Association, at their
monthly meeting, held in Philadelphia on the seventh day
of the iltli month, 1849.
JACOB M. ELLIS, } .
LYDIA GILLIXGHAM, \ t,erks'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the reception of this petition
Mr. KING. 1 move to lay that motion on the
table.
Mr. HALE. Let us have the yeas and nays,
sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows :
YEAri—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, C<is>, Clemen*, iJavi- of Mississippi, Daw&on,Dick-
m.-on, Douglas, Downs, 1'oole. Houston, Hunter, King,
Mangum, M"tton, Pearoe, Piatt, Rusk, Scha-uaii, Soul^,
Sturgeon, and Tumev—2j.
NAYS—Meshi>. Baldwin, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper,
Corvvin, Davi-s of Massachusetts, Poriiie of Iowa, Podge of
"WisconMn, Fetch, Creene, Hale, Millet, Norri>, Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales,and Walker
—21.
So the motion to receive was laid upon the table.
Mr. HALE. I have also received a petition,
numerously signed, from Collins Centre, in the
State of New York. They ask the attention of
Congress to several facts which they specify,
among which they say that two individuals, of
the names of Drayton and Sayre, are imprisoned
in the District of Columbia on the false assump-
tion that there is a law legalizing slavery m the
District of Columbia. The remedy which they
propose is the impeachment of the judges con-
cerned in the case.
The second evil of which they complain is the
action of the Secretary of State in refusing a pass-
port to Mr. Hamilton, a colored person.
The third evil is, that the Marshal of the Dis-
trict of Columbia imprisons persons for no crime
but that of complexion; and that if they were of a
different complexion, they would go unmolested.
The fourth evil is, that there are a great many
persons m the District who are actually held as
slaves; and inasmuch as there is a wide-spread de-
lusion in the country that Congress has the power
to legalize slavery, they pray that Congress will
hasten to dispel such delusion, by declaring that
they have no such power, and that they will abol-
ish slavery in the District. 1 have no doubt this
comes within the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the reception of the petition.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to lay that question
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have received also, and been
requested to present to the Senate, a petition from
a number of ladies of Germantown, Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania; and I wish, m order that
the Senate may understand the character of the
petition, to read the commencement. They ad-
dress us as " Dear Friends," and after setting
forth the prayer which they put in, they say:
"Trusting that you will adopt measures for the
furtherance of these objects, we bid you an af-
fectionate farewell." [Laughter.]
The petition prays that Congress will prevent
the introduction of slavery into the Territories,
and also will abolish it in the District of Colum-
bia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on the reception of the petition.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to lay that question
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. 1 have also received a petition
from various citizens of the county of Philadel-
phia, praying that Congress will prohibit the in-
ternal slave trade so extensivelycarried on between
the slave States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
advised whether this petition comes witUin the
rule.
Mr. HALE. I believe it does.
On motion, the question of reception was laid
on the table.
