THE CONGRESSIONAL GL
July 18;
Mr. MEADE said, he would so modify His
amendment as to strike out the words "H.N.
Smith." _
A conversation followed on a point of order be-
tween Mr. Richardson and the Chair.
The question was stated to be on the amend-
ment, as modified. .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, indicated his
intention to add certain words to his amendment:
(whether he did so at this time or not it was im-
possible, from the confusion, to hear.)
Mr. GORMAN offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That said Huah N. Smith shall, at the time of
his election, have resided within the undisputed boundary
of New Mexico.
Mr. G., in explanation, said that he offered
the amendment for the purpose of enabling him
to make a solitary remark, and it was this :
The Territories of the United States were of course j
under the jurisdiction and control of the United |
States. A Delegate or Representative under our j
law must be the representative of a civil Govern- j
ment of some kind. If any gentleman would
take the pains tolook at the act of 1817, he believed
he could come to but one conclusion, namely,
that that act was established for the purpose of
defining- how, or under what circumstances, a Del-
egate should be permitted to take his seat in that
House. If that law was binding upon the House
a Delegate could not be admitted unless he came
by the authority of the people of a territorial gov-
erment duly constituted. If the law was not in I
force, they could then adopt any other course of
proceeding not inconsistent with the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. The law was
in substance as follows: That" in every Territory
of the United States in which a territorial govern-
ment has been> or shall hereafter be established,"
they shall do—what? Why, sir, it then gives
permission to elect a Delegate, and not otherwise.
Is that law in force, confined Mr. G. ? Do you
acknowledge its binding obligation, or do you
not? Have you, by a simple resolution concern-
ing the privileges of a member here, a right to
repeal the essential provision of that law? That
is the point. The law says that you shall do
a certain thing, under a regularly established ter-
ritorial government. What is that thins;? You
shall receive a Delegate from that territorial govern-
ment. Now, what is the converse of this? The
converse is, that you cannot receive a Delegate,
unless you receive him under the provisions of this
Jaw. This is the law of 1817. The ordinance of
1787 authorized the Northwest Territory to send
Delegates here, and prescribed the manner in
which they should be elected.
Now, 1 repeat—and I am really a good deal like
my friend from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] in this
respect—it strikes me wiih some surprise, that, this
House should seriously entertain the idea of ad-
mitting this gentleman to a seat in this Hall, as a
Delegate from New Mexico.
The five minutes having expired, he withdrew
the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed it. He contended that
they had no right to confer upon Mr. Smith the
privileges of a Representative. There was no law
to authorize it. The Constitution did not author-
ize it, nor did the act of 1817 authorize it. It
would be an unauthorized license if permission
were extended to him to occupy a seat on the floor
of that House, with the privilege of taking part in
the proceedings. The House certainly had the
power to admit him to a seat, but they could not
confer upon him the right to participate in their
proceedings.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, renewed it.
He regretted that he could not recognize the pro-
priety of admitting the Delegate from New Mex-
ico to a seat in this House. There was this dif-
ficulty, that until they had by law established the
boundary of the Territory, they could not ascertain
whether all or what portion of the Territory was
represented; and there was nothing to prevent
another Delegate from coming and claiming to
represent New Mexico. But that was not his
principle objection. From a territorial condition,
they had become by their own organization—a
proceeding which he entirely approved of—a
State. They had, therefore, by a solemn act of
theirs, superseded this Delegate. This, he thought,
was conclusive; and he should not be at all sur-
prised, if before a month went around, they were
asked to act upon her application for admission
into the Union as a State. He thought that they \
should avoid, as far as possible, accumulating dif- j
Acuities. There were enough existing already.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ALLEN renewed it.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. Meade and the Chairman.
Mr. ALLEN then proceeded. He said that
whatever the purpose of the House might be, he
trusted that it would not be diverted from it by any
argument drawn from the law of 1817, which had
been so earnestly sprung upon the House at this
late stage in the proceedings. A little examination
of that law would satisfy the minds of gentlemen
that the argument was not even specious, much
less solid and conclusive. The act of 1817 simply
defined the powers and duties of the Delegates,
and determined the time and the manner in which
they should be appointed. These were the objects
of the law, and these objects were accomplished-
It was apparent upon the face of the law itself, and
from the history of the country, that, long before
such regulations were made, there were Delegates
here representing territories belonging to the United
States—and Delegates admitted now, would not
be admitted under the law of 1817, (although that
law defined their duties,) but in conformity with
a usage existing prior to its enactment. So much
confusion had prevailed in the Hall during a great
part of the discussion, that he might not correctly
j have heard the argument. It seemed to him, how-
; ever, that the friends of Texas were placing her in ;
a false position. He had heard much of the gal- i
lantry, the magnanimity and the high worth of j
that State. Let her show that she was truly enti- j
tied to the distinction which these great qualities !
bestowed. He doubted not that she was so. Let]
her now show that not only on the battie-field, but
in the legislative halls, and in the forum of jus- i
rice, she was entitled to the admnation which was !
claimed for her. She contended that a portion of j
the territory claimed by New Mexico belonged to :
her. New Mexico asseited a similar demand.
Texas was here with her Representatives—she
was at the other end of the Capitol with her Sen-
ators, to vindicate her claim. And did she de-
sire that her feeble antagonist should not be here,
before this tribunal, to be heard in her own behalf?
Texas should be the first to assert thatj right in
behalf of her feeble neighbor, and the longer she
resisted the application, and the more she urged
objections against it, the more she detracted from
her own high reputation for magnanimity and jus-
tice.
The hammer fell.
Mr. A. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HILL1AKD renewed the amendment, and
said he hoped that the House would bediiven
from its purpose of admitting a Delegate from
| New Mexico, if any such purpose had been al-
! ready formed. It ought to be driven from its pur-
j pose by the appeals which have been made to it.
j The only right which any member holds to a seat
i on this floor is derived from the fact that.he repre-
| sents some portion of the people of this country,
, j residing either in a State or Territory, under the
j; Constitution and laws of the United States. Out-
side of these—the Constitution and laws of the
United States—there is nota single principle which
' would justjfy us in admitting any one to a seat here,
r, where he is permitted to paiticipate in our debates
l! and deliberations respecting the state of the coun-
! i try.
One who comes to us seeking to take his seat
amongst us as a Representative, must furnish
some evidence of his right to the seat which he
claims, and we must inquire whether he comes
from a State or a Territory. His right to a seat
depends upon the right of the people who send
him here to be represented. Let us apply this
principle to the gentleman who comes heie as a
Delegate from New Mexico. Is New Mcxico a
State or a Territory? It is neither. Upon what
ground, then, can we admit Mr. Smith? He does
not comc from the people of any State, and must
of course expect to be admitted, if at all, because
the people of New Mexico claim to constitute a
Territory of the United States. But is this true?
The Jaw of 1817 provides, "that in every Terri-
' tory of the United States, in which a temporary
i government has been, or hereaftershali be estab-
il * lished, and which by virtue of the ordinance of
* Congress of 13th July, 1787, or any subsequent
4 act of Congress, passed or to be passed, now hath,
* or hereafter shall have, the right to send a Dele-
' gate to Congress v" but it is not pretended that a
government of any description has been established
by Congress in New Mexico, and of course the
people residing there can claim no right to repre-
sentation under this law.
Sir, we may exercise our power to do whatever
wc may think fit to do,f and admit the Delegate
from New Mexico; but we have no moral right to
do this. We must guide ourselves by the Consti-
tution and the laws of Congress, in deciding this
case. We might admita Delegate from a nomadic
people—without political form—roaming through
a wilderness. We might admit a Delega'e from
the Cherokee nation if one were sent here—and
my friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] informs
me that there is one here—but would it, be proper
to do so? Would it be in accordance with the
principles which are laid down in the Constitution
and laws for the organization of this House?
I ask too, sir, what are the lights of the people
of New Mexico? The country known by that name
was lately a department belonging to the Republic
of Mexico. Does it poseess to-day the political
rights which it enjoyed as a department of Mexico ?
Clearly not; these were stripped from it when
it was transferred to the United States. Have
these political rights been restored to it or rights
of any description conferred upon it by Congress?
If not, then it possesses no politic.il rights what-
ever. That Territory is in an anomalous condition;
it has been ceded to us by Mexico, we have left
its people without taking the first step to give them
a government for their protection. They live
under the municipal laws, which governed them
while constituting a portion of the Mexican Re-
public—at least this opinion is generally held; they
are governed, too, by a military and civil govern-
or, because this form of government was recog-
nized by the Mexican laws, and we have toleiated
this, though we ought not to have done so for a
single day.
This form of Government is, I say, tolerated; it
has, I am happy to say, never been sanctioned
by Congress. We have never rescinded the Mexi-
can laws, and they aresupposed still to exist, and
under thern this monstrous form of Government
[ has been permitted to continue. Up to this time they
1 have derived no political rights from the Congress
i of the United States, and cannot be regarded as an
! organized territory. If, then, the people of New
Mexico enjoy no political rights but those which
they enjoyed when a department of Mexico, are
they entitled to representation in the Congress of
| the United States ? Of course not; and before gen-
I tlemen call on us to admit a Delegate from New
■ Mexico, they ought to show some act of Con-
! gre^s organizing such a Territory. If there be no 4
! such Teriitory, there can be no Delegate from the
| inhabitants residing there. Whatever may be
our inclination to give them representation, we
1 have not the right to do so.
i He withdrew the amendment to.
; Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, who moved to
: amend the amendment by inserting after the word
i "Delegate/' the words "he being elected by this
House as a Delegate for the people of New Mex-
ico, they not having chosen one for themselves."
He said, if this gentleman were admitted upon
this floor, as a Delegate from New Mexico, he
would be chosen by this House; for, as had been
said by his friend from Alabama, he had not
:! been chosen by the people of New Mexico. He
'•[ found that Lieut. Col. Beall, the civil and milita-
!! ry commandant of New Mexico, called nineteen
:j gentlemen together to do various things; among
" the rest, fifteen out of the nineteen selected this
man Smith, to come here to bring their project for
a Government, and in that project it was pro-
vided:
" Sec. 5. A Delegate to the House of Representalives of
the United Slates, to *erve for the term ot two yeajs, may
he elected by the voters qualified to elect members of the
Legislative Assembly, wlto tliail be entitled to the same
ngbr« and privileges a* aie exercised and enjoyed by the
Delegates from other Territories of the United States, to-
said House of Representatives And the time and places
of holding and conducting said election shall be prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly."
This convention prepared and adopted this-
project for a territorial government, to be sub-
mitted to Congress, and sent an agent to bring it.
They called him a Delegate, it was true; but he was
j .elected by fifteen gentlemen, not by the people of
