14M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
months* and the authority vested in him has not
been withdrawn. He has all the requisites of a
Delegate from the people of New Mexico, and he
is entitled to represent them. It has been asked
here, "Where and what is New Mexico?" i
answer by asking, *' Where and what is Texas r"
If gentlemen will tell me where and wha'tTexasis,
I will tell them where and what New Mexico is.
There is no Representative on this floor who ever
received a vote from the people of New Mexico.
Did the Representatives from Texas, m this House,
receive a vote from that distant quarter? Not at
all. The people of that Territory are not repre-
sented here. And the fact that there is a disputed
boundary, goes as far to blot outTexas, as it does
to blot out New Mexico.
Mr. HILLIARD (Mr. B. giving way to him for
a moment) remarked, that Texas was as organized
State of this Union, whilst New Mexico was but
ati unorganized Territory.
Mr. BUTLER. New Mexico is also organized.
[The falling of the Chairman's hammer an-
nounced the expiration of the five minutes.]
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed the amedment.
The amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land (said Mr. H.) contemplates that the Dele-
gate shall be considered and admitted as the Dele-
gate of the convention which appointed him, rather
than as the Delegate of the people of the Territory
commonly called and known as New Mexico.
Some gentlemen seem to regard this as a novel
mode of appointiag, or choosing- a Delegate to
Congress, and that it is altogether inconsistent with
the idea of his being a true representative of the
people. The gentleman from Tennessee thinks
he had better make his application for admission
to the Senate of the United States, having been
elected somewhat according to the form in which
the members of that honorable body are chosen.
' But do honorable gentlemen, who have raised
this objection, reflect, that the first Delegate to
Congress chosen under the ordinance of 1787, from
the territory northwest of the river Ohio, was
elected by a convention, and not by the people of
the territory? Have not gentlemen forgotten the
fact, that General William Henry Harrison, after-
wards President of the United States, and who was
one of the first Delegates from that territory, was
not elected by the people of the territory?
Mr. OUTLAW wished to ask the gentleman
from Delaware a single question. He wished to
inquire of the honouible member, if the organic
law of the terrrory passed by Congress, the ordi-
nance of ]7d7, to which thegentlernan had alluded,
did not piovide the mode of choosing the Delegate,
and if General Harrison was not chosen as such
Delegate m the mode prescribed in it?
Mr. HOUSTON resuming, said that he admit-
ted that such was the case. But what better au-
thority do you want for the admission of a Dele-
gate, without an election by the people, than an
act of Congress, which recognizes that he may be
duly and properly appointed by another method ?
What bettei precedent, or stronger authority, can
be required for theadmission of a Delegate, chosen
and appointed without a popular election, than this
time-honored and venerable act of Congress of
1787 recognizes and establishes for us in the pjes-
ent instance? He did not conceive that there was
any well-founded objection to the admission of
Mr. Smith as a De.egate from New Mexico, in
consequence of the manner tn which he had been
appointed; nor did he think his admission to a
seat in this House would necessarily have anything
to d<> with any of the pending questions in relation
to that Territory. He had cheerfully voted for
the amendment submitted and adopted yesterday,
which provided that the admission of the Delegate
should not be considered as the expression of any
opinion by the House, touching the boundary
question in dispute between Texas and New Mex-
ico. Nor could it be so construed without such a
proviso, because it has nothing whatever to do
with that or any other pending question concern-
ing the Territory. If this gentleman (Mr. Smith)
should he admitted as a Delate, he will he ad-
mitted solely by the sufferance—by the indulgence—
by the courtesy of this House, if you please to call
it so. As such. Delegate, he is utteiiy unknown,
and is an entire stranger to the Constitution of the
United States. He is as much unknown to the
Constitution as the corps of reporters who sit
within these walls, by the permission of the
Speaker, under the rules of the House; and if he
should be admitted to a seat, it would be, so far as
the Constitution is concerned, upon precisely the
same terms as we admit a privileged citizen, or a
distinguished foreigner, a judge of the Supreme
Court, or a foreign minister, to appear here—that
is, by courtesy and comity alone. It is true, we
may extend to him the privilege of being heard
upon matters pertaining to the interests of the
people on whose behalf he has been received as a
Delegate; and we also may, or may not, extend to
him the franking privilege, and allow him mileage
and per diem compensation for his attendance
here in the performance of his delegated duties.
But notwithstanding all this, he is sail an entire
stranger to the Constitution, and is a mere crea-
ture of the courtesy and indulgence of this House,
and of the complete sufferance and discretion
which Congress may exercise in regard to him.
He is not even a Representative of the Territory.
The term Representative, gentlemen will bear in
mind, has a fixed and precise constitutional signifi-
cation. A Representative is a creature of the Con-
stitution; but a Delegate is not such, even in re-
gard to the people of the Territory. He can do
no act in their behalf, and can exercise no power
in their name; he cannot vote, he cannot make a
motion;—the most he can do is to speak, and make
known their views and wishes, as any mere ser-
vant may do; but he can perform no act, and can
exercise no power in their name, as their legal and
constitutional Representative. He is, therefore, a
mere servant—a mere agent—to supervise their in-
teiests, and to make known their views and wishes
in respect to matters pertaining to the Territory,
and to their own peculiar interests.
Should the House, then, refuse to admit Mr.
Smith? He thought it should not. The main
ground of objection is, that no territorial govern-
ment has been established over New Mexico by act
of Congress, and that, consequently, there is no law
providing for the election of a Delegate. But
whose fault is this ? Surely not the fault of the
people of the territory. Shall we, then, take ad-
vantage of our own wrong, of our own inability
to do anything more than this for them, to deny
them this small and trifling boon, which is ren-
dered so important to them, as well as to us, by
reason of their present neglected and menaced con-
dition, and their remote distance from us?
If there has ever been a territory of the United
States which required a Delegate on the floor of
Congress, to supervise their interests and make
known their wants, it is the present Territory of
New Mexico. The condition and history of that
Territory is altogether different from that of any
other Territory which has heretofore been repre
seated by a Delegate in Congiess; and therefore
the precedents which have been cited and urged
with so much vehemence against the admission
of Mr. Smith, have no application to the singular
and extraordinary case of New Mexico. We
know very little of the necessities and require-
ments of the people of that Territory, from the
usual sources of public information, because we
have scarcely any mail facilities even with that
remote legion of our southwestern dominions. By
the treaty under which it was acquired, Congress
was bound to extend to the inhabitants the rights,
privileges, security, and protection of Ametican
citizens, which it had, thus far, entirely failed to
do, for reasons whicli U was unnecessary to men-
tion; and the least which it was bound to do m
their behalf, he thought could then be done, and
should be done, by admitting Mr. Smith as their
Delegate. He should, therefore, vote for his ad-
mission, conceiving it to be a matter entirely with-
in the discretion of Congress, which required no
precise precedent to warrant it, and which was
due to the people of New Mexico, m his judg-
ment, as the least favor to which they were enti-
tled, under existing circumstances, which could
conclude nothing on the part of Congress, and
which, consequently, could possibly be of no det-
riment to any one.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania, then indicated
his intention to withdraw his amendment.
And the question was put to the House, as
being on the amendment of Mr. Bowie.
Mr. HOUSTON, at the request of Mr. Johnson,
of Arkansas, withdrew the amendment, (to winch
he had spoken.)
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, renewed it. He
had done so he said, because he desired briefly
to call the attention of the committee to a passags
in the history of this matter. Thisgentleman, Mr.
H. N. Smith, the applicant, born and bred in the
South, had gone to New Mexico, and had come
here a* a sort of outside agent of the people of that
Territory. "He had remained here for months
without any apparent sympathy of any res-
pectable party of this House, for his cause.
Finding that this state of things would not
do, and in order to bring his cause forward in
some more promising attitude, he had a short
time since, published an abolition pamphlet—a
pamphlet of a character grossly abolitionist, for it
might as well be characterized truly. The doc-
trines of that pamphlet had drawn towards that
gentleman and his cause a degree of sympathy
which, it seemed, carried to him a majority of
votes here, lie (Mr. J,) found a large number
of members going for the admission of Mr. Smith;
and he desired to read, for the information of the
committee, the names of some gentlemen who
voted against the admission of Mr. Sibley, as Del-
gate from Minnesota, when there really was a sem-
blance of ground for his admission, but who were
now willing to go for the admission of Mr. Smith
as a Delegate from New Mexico, when there was
no show of right on God Almighty's earth.
The names were read as follows:
"Resolved, That Henry H. Sibley be entitled to a spat on
the lioor of the House oi Representatives as a delegate
from the Temtoiy of Wisconsin."
Negative votes from the North of gentlemen
members of the present Congress:
Messrs. Conger, Duer, Gott, Hampton, Henry,
Rumsey, Schenck, and Strong.
See Journal of the House of Representatives
of 15ih January, 1849.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to put an inquiry to
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.]
I propose (said Mr. H.) to vote for the admis-
sion of the Delegate from New Mexico, but not
for the reasons assigned by the gentleman from
Arkansas. Now, I wish to ask the gentleman
whether I did not vote for the admission of Mr.
Sibley, as a Delegate from Minnesota?
Mr. JOHNSON. You did, and I have not
mentioned your name. But I am satisfied that gen-
tlemen who have thus changed their ground can-
not justify that change before the country. If they
can do so, they ought. If they cannot, then must
they be convicted before the country of an aban-
donment of their duty.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. B1SSELL renewed the amendment. He
alluded first to the charge that Mr. Smith was
sought to be admitted here solely upon abolition
grounds.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, in explanation,
said he had never said solely. Other gentlemen
might go for his admission upon other grounds, butf*
he said there were many who supported the ad-
mission on that score and from sympathy with
the abolition sentiments of the Delegate.
Mr. BISSELLsaid, he did not dispute that at all.
He desired simply to say, that his vole would not
be influenced by any charge, general or specific,
that this was an abolition movement; and there
was another thing which would not influence him:
that was, the intimation, here or elsewhere, that
the admission of this man as a Delegate would al-
most necessarily lead to civil war. Neither of
these declarations would influence his vote, because
he did not believe either of them. If it had come
to this, that the simple fact of admitting a Delegate
from New Mexico upon this floor—to speak, but
with scarcely any other of the privileges of a mem-
ber—was to endanger the Union and involve us in
civil war, the quicker we knew it the better.
But he apprehended no such consequences to
result fromtne admission of Mr. Smith. He was in
favor of that admission. He saw great propriety,
as he thought, in admitting him. He knew it
had been argued that Texas and New Mexico
were disputing about the boundary, or, if gentle-
men liked it better, that Texas and the United
States were .disputing upon this question of bound-
ary. What then ? Must the disputed territory be
represented by Texan Representatives? it was
disputed territory; therefore, it followed that it
should be represented only by Texan Representa-
tives. He did not see that that followed.
But even if it should turn out that Texas had a
valid claim to all that territory to which she as-
sarted her right, there was stiil a region of coun-
