U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
tender this tribute of respect and sympathy—a
sympathy which personal acquaintance might have
made deeper but not more sincere. I know, sir,
that a blow has fallen which has made orphans of
young children, and made vacant the cnief place
around the family hearth. A dear and familiar
household word will no more be heard within that
domestic circle. These griefs, sir, are the common
* lot of humanity; but, perhaps, if the heart which
knows its own bitterness could speak here, it
would say that its afflictions are not the less keen
because all must at sojsie time or other suffer and
endure the same.
Mr. President, as an offering of respect for the
dead, and of sympathy for his family, I move you
th# resolutions usual upon such occasions:
Resolved,unanimously, That the Seriate has heard with
deep sensibility of the death of tiie Hon. Alexander Nmv
man, a Representative elect from the State of Vuguna.
Resolved, unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark 01 re>pect to
the memory of the deceased, will vvtar the usual badge of
mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the memo-
ry of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the adoption of the resolutions presented by the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CLAY. Mi*. President, it is with some
pain that I rise, after the very eloquent and touch-
ing eulogy pronounced upon the deceased by the
Senator from Virginia, to renew some suggestions
which 1 made the other day upon a similar sub-
ject. But when a member of either branch of
Congress dies in the vacation; when we have no
acquaintance with him; and when, however much
we may regret his death, we can have on the oc-
casion no other feeling and sympathy than such
as would be excited by the death of any other
equally eminent citizen in private life, it does seem
to me improper that the Senate should adjourn un-
der circumstances like these, and postpone the dis-
charge of its public duties.
Mr. President, it would not be difficult, I think,
if we would look back into therecoidsof Con-
gress, to find how this thing has extended. In
the first instance, I have no doubt Congress limit-
ed itself in paying these marks of regret and dem-
onstrations of honor to the dead, to the case of
members of the body at the time. If any one of
the sixty Senators who compose this body, with
whom we have been acting with satisfaction and
comfort throughout the session, were to die, we
should all have feelings excited by the occasion
which might render us unfit, during the day of
his death at least, or during the day of its an-
nouncement to Congress, for the discharge of our
public duty? That is one consideration; and the
other is, the adjournment ought to take place when
the death takes place, during the session of Con-
gress, of a member of this or the other body, in oidcr
to pay that respect and those last christian duties
which pertain to the burial of the dead. But, sir, in
a case like this, is there a member of the body that
feels himself incompetent to the discharge of ins
public duty? Perhaps not two of us. 1 do not
recollect myself that I ever knew the worthy gen-
tleman who has died. I am quite sure I am safe
in saying that not half a dozen here ever saw him
in their lives. He was buried months ago, and it
is not possible that the state of feeling of any one
of us is such as to render us incompetent to the dis-
charge of public duties. Then, sir, as he is al-
ready buried, as all the acts pertaining to the last
sad duty which we are called upon to perform to
our friends here below, have been performed
months ago,it seems to me that no occasion could
arise in which, with more propriety, we could re-
trace the steps heretofore taken by Congress, and
come back to what I regard the true ground, that
of adjourning and paying that respect to the mem-
ory of the deceased only in cases where the mem-
ber dies during the session of Congress, and where
we are deprived of the benefit of his aid and coun-
sel in conducting the public affairs.
With this feeling, I will move, if the Clerk will
write according to my dictation, a pioposition to
be added to the end of the resolution. I agree m
the expressions of regret on account of the occur-
rence, but I wish to add to the first resolution
these words :
"But the event of his death having occurred months
ago, in the vae.tlion of Congress, and his bunai having long
since taken place, t?ie Senate does not considei the oe'-nsiun
as one calling for those mark:* of respect to the memory of
the deceased which would he proper if death had'oc-
curred here during the session of Congress."
I move to amend the first resolution by the ad-
dition of the clause I have proposed, and to strike
out the residue of the resolutions offered by the
Senator from Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be upon the amendment,
Mr. CASS. I desire to suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky if he would not better attain his
object by introducing resolutions hereafter, to ap-
ply to all cases of this character requiring the ac-
tion of'the Senate, leaving this case to the opera-
tion of the previous usage. I merely make the
suggestion, us it may possibly be thought invid-
ious to apply such a rule to any particular case.
Mr. CLAY. If there were a single human be-
ing who could imagine that it was intended to
wound the feelings of the relatives or friends of
the deceased by this amendment, or that anything
of the kind could spring out of it, I would most
cheerfully acquiesce in the course suggested by
the Senator ftom Michigan. But I think no such
conclusion can be drawn from it; and it seems to
me that this, perhaps, is the best and most suita-
ble occasion for adopting the resolution as amend-
ed, according to the proposition I have made.
Mr. KING. I entirety concur in what has
been said by the Senator from Kentucky, that the
early precedents are much the best for the gui-
dance of this body in cases such as this. There
is no question but that originally the design was
to confine such proceedings to those deaths which
occur during the session of Congress, and not to
embrace those which occur while the individual is
on his way to this body or to the other House, or
after the adjournment. It was simply to make
provision for the burial of individuals as well as
to show the respect due to individuals belonging
to either House; but unfortunately it has been
extended, and has gone on from session to session
as individuals have died either on their way to
Congress or after Congress adjourned, whose
deaths have been announced at the next session,
until the original ground seems to have been lost
sight of altogether, and it has been considered
neccssary as a manifestation of respect to any
individual who ever served in Congress, provided
he died before his term of service expired.
1 think that the suggestion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan is probably the best under the
circumstances, as theie are cases precisely in
point, as the Senator from Kentucky will remem-
ber. There was the «case of Mr. Dromgoole,
a member of the House of Repiesentatives from
Virginia, and a Senator fiom Alabama, the hon-
oiable Dixon II. Lewis, who died at New York,
and vauous others. I think, theiefore, the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Michigan is better,
particularly as the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky possibly might be misunderstood. I
therefore suggest to my friend from Kentucky to
yield to the proposition of the Senator from Mich-
igan, and let this matter go on for the present, and
bring forward a separate resolution, so that in fu-
ture the rule may be established that we adjourn
as a proper mark of respect only for those mem-
bers of Congress who die dunrig the session, and
to make the proper provision for their burial. I
hope the suggestion will be acquiesced in by the
Senator from Kentucky, and that we will go on in the
present case, as we have done in many others, and
not suffer it by any possibility to appear that we
are wanting in respect to the distinguished gentle-
man who has died; and also lest the family of the
deceased might suppose that proper respect was
not paid to his memory.
Mr. CLAY. If I thought there was any possi-
bility of the misconception which has-been sug-
gested, 1 would certainly, without hesitation, ac-
quiesce in the coursc suggested; but not thinking
so, 1 must leave the matter with the Senate. The
Senate can, if it choose, reject the amendment I
have proposed, which will be considered by me as
their expression in this case, and then the thing can
take the course which has been suggested, and the
separate resolution can be introduced.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky did not understand me. 1 referred to the
Virginia deiagation and the action of the House,
and suggested that they might think it rather in-
vidious, if we commence in this particular case a
new rule. I think my friend from Kentucky is
much more likely to carry his object bynot making
his proposition applicable to any particular case,
and by making it of general application instead.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt, and indeed
no one can have any, that the motives of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky aie perfectly respectful to the
memory of the dead; yet it seems to me that the
course suggested by the Senator from Michigan
would possibly be best. It would seem a little in-
vidious, perhaps, to make this a case for departing
from the old usage of the Senate, and the estab-
lishing of a new rule. There will not be any diffi-
culty hereafter in establishing a new rule, if the
; Senate may tHink proper. 1 hope, therefore, as
j the death has been announced by^the other House,
i and they have thought it worthy of action and of
being transmitted to us, that out of respect to the
memory of the dead and the family he has left be-
hind him, and out of respect to the House, we
shall pursue on tins occasion the usual course, and
establish hereafter any rule that may be deemed
proper and expedient.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot resist such an appeal
coming from the source it does. The Senator
having announced the death of the party, and be-
I ing the member from the same State, I think it my
! duty to withdraw the proposition.
The resolutions proposed by the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] were then adopted, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 8, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, when
a motion was made by
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, that (as the
Journal, he .said, was very long) the further read-
ing should be dispensed with.
Objection was made.
The reading was then concluded, and the Jour-
nal was approved.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution, of which previous notice had been
given.
The resolution was read by its title, as a resolu-
tion to provide for the distribution of the public
documents through the several counties of the
United States.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked that the bill
might be read through.
It was read accordingly.
Mr. ROOT then rose and objected.
So the bill was not introduced.
Mr. BURT insisted on the regular orders of the
I day.
| The SPEAKER. The business first in order
j is the motion pending at the adjournment of the
i House yesterday, submitted by the gentleman
; from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,} that the House resolve
! itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
i of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Potter, of Ohio, in the Chair,) and resumed
ihe consideration of the joint resolution from the
Senate " limiting the expense of collecting the
revenue from customs for the present fiscal year,"
and the amendments theieto pending.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was enti-
tled to the floor, and addressed the committee
during so much of the allotted hour as remained
after the portions of it which he had yesterday
given up to other gentlemen.
He said that, at the outset of his remarks, he
would notify gentlemen that after ihe courtesy
which he had yesteiday manifested in yielding
the floor, he should feel constrained to refuse to
yield to any further interruptions, come from what
quarter they might. Whatever doubt or uncer-
tainty might hang over the opinions of General
Taylor upon geneial questions of public policy,
however difficult it might have been for him to
take his position upon these questions, there was
one thing upon which he was specific and definite.
In his annual message to Congress, the President
used the following language:
"I recommend the ob.-ei vance of strict economy in the
appropriation and expenditure of public money."
In this sentiment (continued Mr. T.) I concur, and
pro taiito I shall sustain the present Administration.
i will carry out this principle in good faith, and
