1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try known as New Mexico which would be rep-
resented by Mr. Smith.
It was said, however, that Mr. Smith resided in
that portion of the Teriitory which was disputed.
He saw nothing at all in that objection.
The hammer felt.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment at the request
of
Mr SCHENCK, who renewed the amendment
of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, to enable him
to say a few words—
Fir&t,as to the gentleman from Arkansas having
read his (Mr. S.'a) name, among others, who had
voted against the admission of a Delegate from
Minnesota, and who, he expected, would vote for
theadmission of this Delegate /rom New Mexico.
He stated that there had been a territory of Wis-
consin, which had been erected into a State; a
small gore of iand had been lift out, and a gentle-
man came here claiming to represent that patch of
land. He (Mr. S.) had contended that there was
no propriety in admitting the gentleman who
claimed to he received as a Delegate, because the
Terntory of W isconsm had been virtually absorbed
by the admission of the State. But for the very
reason that he thought these wa3 a propriety in
this House exeifibing then discretion, he should
vote to admit this Ddt'gate from New Mexico,
in the previouscdseo* the Territory otlowa,when
the State of lowtt was admitted, a portion of the
territory had been left out, containing several times
much land as Mat which was left out when
Wisconsin was admitted; but nobody ever thought
of admitting a Delegate from that legion of coun-
try. This was the reason why tie had voted
agiinst i\ e a 1 miss 0,1 of the Delegate from Wiscon-
sin. When the Terntory of JV1 innesota came to be
organized, he had voted egdinst it—or to lay the bill
on the table—but only for a reason of a temporary
nature—because an amendment was defeated ex-
tending the time when the act was to take effect
until after the 4th of March, and he was opposed
to the patronage of the territory falling into the
hands of the then President, (Mr. Polk.)
Now, with what face could the gentleman from
Arkansas charge that they were acting with abo-
lition sympathies who voted for the admission oi
this Delegate from New Mexico—a Delegate who,
as the gentleman from Arkansas had told the
House—was a southern man, and came from a
Territory to which the gentleman and many of
his southern brethren contended slavery could go
—while they had voted against the admission of a
Delegate from a territory admitted to be free?
Did it not rather prove the reverse?
But with reference to the general question of
the propriety of admitting this Delegate: in the '
case of a contested election, they admitted thecon- j
testing member not only in person, but sometimes j
i y counsel or agent, to argue the case. They ad- •
mated persons who were not members or the \
House to speak upon one question or upon twenty i
questions; but although no one questioned their !
right to say who should come here and speak in i
these cases, yet when they came to admit a Dele- ]
gate to speak for the people of a Territory, gentle- j
men contended that the House had no right or ;
discretion in the matter. Would gentlemen tell
him how they reached that certain, undefined I
constitutional boundary, which divided the cases? ,
He denied any such distinction. He denied that 1
a law was necessary. He admitted that the force !
of the precedents had been to admit Delegates by !
law. He admitted that the law of 1 17 admitted ;
the certain Delegates then in question, and pro- j
vided for the future admission ol Delegates ftom i
Tertuories organized by law; but that law took !
away none of the rights which Congress be- \
fore that time. The act of 1817 did not provide
for this case of New Mexico, because nobody at :
that time anticipated such a case. Nobody tnen
thought of this Terntory of New Mexico—of a
war with Mexico—and the acquisition of territory.
Here, then, came a case sut generis—a case ol a
Territoi y acquired by purchase or by conquest,
and to the inhabitants of winch the United Siates,
by the treaty of Oru&d dupe Hidalgo, had agreed to
extend, as fas as practicable, all the privileges of
American citizens? 
The hammer Mi.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment at the request
of
Mr. CONRAD, who renewed it. He was 111
favor of the amendment which had been submitted
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie.!
It admits the applieant Mr. Smith, toa seat on thi-s
floor with the privilege of addressing the House
on all questions relating to the interests of flew
Mexico. He had intended, himself, to propose
an amendment to admit Mr. Smith for the purpose
of addressing the House on subjects connected
with Die* Mexico, He referred to the arguments
ot those gentlemen who had insisted, mat if a
Delegate were admitted, he would occupy a place
on tins floor, clothed with all the lights of a mem-
ber of this House, except the right to vote, and
that no resolution of the House could curtail these
rights; and who had contended that any person
admitted merely to address the House by resolu-
tion, was a mere agent. He drew the distinction
between an agent and a Delegate. The rights of
a Delegate were defined by tne act of 1817. He
is admitted to a seat on this floor by provision of
law. lie is allowed to addiess the House, but not
to vote. If he is intelligent and eloquent, glited
with fluency of speech, he may exeicise gieat in-
fluence in the legislation of the House. These priv-
ileges he is at liberty to exercise at any time.
Tne House, can at its discretion, allow an agent to
come on the floor for the purpose of advocating a
claim or interest. That is a mere personal privi-
lege. He does not appear on this floor invested
with any constitutional rights as a Representative.
He cannot take part m the deliberations or debates
of the House. He can do nothing more than is
specified for him to do.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr INGE renewed the amendment, and pro-
posed to say nothing at this time, but he desited
to have a few extracts from the pamphlet of Mr.
Hugh N. Smith read.
The Clerk read the following:
" Tlie most fbriniddble part ol this combination against
you is that which oiiginuie  in the slave interest. It not
only rallies against yuu the whole Mdveholding riouth, but
all tne influence ot aelnsh, venal, and .unbinouo men in tne
Noith, looking to speculations in discredited bonds, and
land jobbing, ur to the polttic.il honois wlucn the combined
voie ol thecouih may promise. The cement ol this stien«tii
m the South is not so much the interest m t-lave ptopei iy,
but the political power dependent on it. The qreat&u ugglv.
is to secure for the decaying popular force ot that seuion
an equal weight in the beuate ot ihe United States with the
rapidly proj£ie&3ive population and multiplying nee oiaie*
oj the Union. To this aim the rights and interests and all
the hopes ot a lapidly-giowmg nnd ricn pio peiiiy, winch
beckoned New iYiexico into the Union, are to De >acnliced.
The doctrine ot the s-laveiiotdiug Stat*,*, m regard to turn-
domestic institutions, is non-intei veniiou; but with regard
to yours, it is infant intervention, to set nt naught tile pro-
hibition of slavery which you biought wuhjou into the
Union, as one ol your fundamental laws, and a h*«d muni-
cipal policy—d policy which, now that jouaie under the
felneld oi tne gieat North American .Republic, would invite
into your country the intellect, industry, tkill, enterpnse,
and capital, not only oi ihe i ree Slates oi the North, out u
poition ot that emigration irom Euiope winch i& now filling
up the agricultuiai region&ot the Mississippi, and the golden
mountains, valleys, and commercial pott* ot Cahunma. j
with a teeming population. Making the link hetwet n tlie&« >
two great counttICS, you could not fail lo partake ot their I
prosperity, if you could escape that blight which has doomed !
ihe taire>t poition ot our continent to a prematuie decline. ;
Virginia, the first and greatest ol the States ot the Union ; ]
itchest in her gieat men, her soil, iier miiM-rals, hei bajs, j
her rivers, and her delightful climate, lias sunk into a thud- j
rate State, under the decay which artects the root oi all
growth in nations as ni individuals—the decay ot enhglit- I
ened labor, feucii has been iho tate ol Vugiuia, and yet
her late has be'u better than t.iat of any ot h>r southern
sisters. The vigor winch the free municipal ins.ituiions ol
England intu eu into ihe race that gave the first impulse to
tine south' rn Omntnm\ eaith , has been gradually running
out under aa adverse s)islem. 'ihe labor ot nt gioes, in ex- j
empingthe master horn labor, has made evei> tiee man j
look to t-uch exemption not only as a luhet from painlu! !
efiott, but as a privilege and an honoiable distinction. 1
Hence slave Jabol has de-iroyed tile innustiy ot Hie tret !
race, and ihe pru^pei itv of the state is made dependent upon 1
the loie< d exeiinm oi those who have no ihie.u<t Hi it;
while tho-e who have aie enervated and subjected to all the 1
demoralization winch must flow trom a sweni Winch
makes easy indolence a mark ot supcn.n it>. The heeiuru
who, in such a State, are compelled by poveity to luboi,
must become voke-tehows w nil tile dt £iad< d Atncan race,
winch makes up the mass of eultiv.itois. Those, ot cue nve
white men wno  ubmit to this soon sink to tin- level ot the
black laborers with whom thej associate; while eveiy one
whose innate eneigj and intellect tt acnes him to spurn u,
ka\es the titau, and ainK to the multitude wno fly hum u,
to exalt the prosptrit} and grandeur Woicii beams on the
lree Mates ot the Union, making Uiein the nniacle and
gloiy ot this age ot progress.
"Under the present aspect at Washington, 1 feel it m>
duty to say to you, that little expectation can be entertained
oi <tii impartial consideration or a ju.-t disposition ot \our
cause. Your opponents are all m power or seeuing power.
Those who have \our late in their hands have either gieat
1 interest at stake dVpt ndent on your ruin, or i.igh and ambt-
' uous hopes that look to consummation througn jour sacn-
; fice. Tne great body ot the people of the United Sutea
1407
love justice, and all their sympathies are with you. My
fV >e,,|'i 18 lo t0 tlle"' >o avert the mi-eliiels
plotted l.y intriguing p„liliciuns anil sordid spranlatwa, and
FOR Til* PKESHNI RELY wo* yoURMLVS,; a -ert ',W
lit. a Slate government intrrilict-
slaverj ; surd yourselves up lo resist ,t  introduction
into jour terntory as a whole, or into any part by maim of
r'J r't 1 ille w,il CI"I1K> when the masses
"h ") 7 ial|y around your cau>f, and enable you
to dely and defeat all the machination* of your en^mcs.
" WiSHlNOTOK, JifrtU 14,1850." HUGH N' SMU"
Mr. I. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, renewed thfi
amendment. He said, he wished to draw, in as
few words as possible, a distinction between the
Minnesota case and the present case. When the
gentleman who was now the Delegate from that
territory, [Mr. Sibley,] presented himself here,
Ins case was taken before the Committee on Elec-
tions, and it was found to be the factthatthis Ter-
ritory of Minnesota consisted ol a large portion not"
embraced 111 the State of Wisconsin after the State
was created; that the erection of the State out of
the oilginal teriitory had leftaportion of country,
alleged by the friends of the gentleman here to be
an organized Territory, comprising whole coun-
ties of the original Territory. It appeared from
the records and evidence that the Secretary of that
Teriitory—in other words, that the actino- Gov-
ernor, in the absence of the actual Governor, had
gone on to that Territory and, in the exercise of
regular powers, had ordered an election for Dele-
gate, and that a bona fide election was held by the
people residing in that Territory, and the Delegate
was thus elected. No such facts existed in "this
case of New Mexico.
In add ition, in the case of Minnesota, there was
an organized judiciary, and that judiciary existed
: and acted. There was no such authority or in-
1 siitutions existing in New Mexico at all. There
was no law of suffrage there; while in the case of
Minnesota theie was a law existing by the action
of Congress. In Minnesota there was no dispu-
ted boundary whatever; here there was. Although
he (Mr. J.) had voted against the admission of the
Delegate in that case, there was a semblance of
right to justify a man in voting for it.
! Now, after this action had taken place—after
; gentlemen had voted against the admission of the
Delegate from Minnesota, with all these circum-
siances to jus;ify his admission—they now came
forward, reversed their action,and voted for the
admission of Mr. Smith, to represent a wholly un-
organized portion of teiritory; a Territory dispu-
ting the boundary and claiming a very large part
of one of the sovereign States of this Union, ac-
cording to the constant acts and past recogimion
of the Government of the United States. How-
was he to account for such a change as this in the
course of gentlemen ? He could account for it in
no other way than from the abolition influence
that was operating upon them-, leading to hostility
to the South, and sympathy for everything that as-
sailed her.
Mr. BURT offered an amendment, which the
Chair decided to be out of order at this time.
Mr. B. gave notice that he would present and
argue it at the proper time. u
Mr. MEADE requested Mr. Johnson, of Ar-
kansas, to withdraw the amendment, (to which he
had spoken.)
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew it.
Mr. MEADE renewed it, and said: Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman fro.n Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
cannot escape from the inconsistency of his piesent
position. NVhy did he, in the Ust Congiess, vote
against the admission of Mr. Sibley as a Delegate
tiom Minnesota? The slavery question wus not
involved m it, and his objections were prompted
; by his then opinions of law, as applicable to the
i subject.
! Air. SCHENCK explained.
| Mr. MEADE. The gentleman's remarks were
! reported, and if i understand them, he objected to
j the admission of the Delegate trom Minnesota,
because, since the admission of Wisconsin as a
State, which was caned out of the territory of
' which Minnesota made a part, no recognized ter-
; ntoiial government was established for Minnesota,
: which the gentleman calls a small slip or remnant
! of teriitory, though it was laiger than many of
; the States of this Union.
| After Wisconsin became a State, Minnesota
| claimed (and not without a show of restson which
l' secured the votes of a majority here in favor of her
