314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
Jackson's Administration.
]835   26,(191,829 1,284.997
1&3G  31,139,273 1,397,469
Van Barents Administration.
1838   20,127i)S3 1,514,633
184 0  15.332^0. j6 r. 1,542.819
184 1  20,104,474 1,483,960
Tyler's Administration.
J844   29,560,53J 1,807.500
1845  31,144/244  2,068^33
Polk's Administration.
1847   28,305,464 ..2,099,844
184S  33,034,276  2,132,636
Taylor's Administration.
Estimated revenue for 1850, $31,500,000. If you
will take the aggregate of what lias been already
expended in the" first half of the fiscal year $1,291,-
897, and what he estimates for the current half of
the fiscal year 11,325,000, you will have$2,616,897.
For the year 1851, the estimated receipts are
$32>000,0*00. The estimated expense ^2,750,000.
I repeat, this table explains the reason of the
passage of the law of 1849, and I know of no
stronger argument that can be offered for adhering
to the limit therein prescribed. 1 regard it as well-
nigh conclusive on (he subject, without comment.
I give the year 1838 because it was that year the
expense of the revenue reached one a.nd a half
million of dollars. Before that time we had passed
the gieat and memorable era of the bank expan-
sions of 1835 and '36—when, under the influ-'i
enee of that mania, everything had reached its
maximum of expansion.
Mr. T. continued. If the Secretary of the
Treasury goes on as he has done, and we give
him what he asks, he will expend in the collection
of the revenue two million six hundred and six-
teen thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven
dollars, on an estimated revenue of thirty-one mil-
lions five hundred thousand dollars. Does not
this table, I repeat, which i have read convey all the
argument which can be necessary in thecaoe? The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] has referred
to England, where large salaries are requisite;
where if is necessary to maintain a certain security
in the officers, and to impress their people with
the majesty of the Government. On this side
the Atlantic we are a plain, simple, Republican
Government, and gentlemen can see, as thesejtems
of expense have proven from time to ume^ what
the reason was for the passage of this law. A
revenue of thirty-nine millions of dollars had been
collected for four hundred and seventy-six thou-
sand dollars in 1815, and what had been done once
can be done again. But if Congress will not put
a limitation upon the Secretary of the Treasury
beyond which he shall not go, it will never be
done. Why? Because all men who have any
influence with the Secretary of the Treasury,
aie desirous to obtain offices either for them-
selves or for their friends. With our growth as
a nation the love of office has increased. During
the administration of Mr. Tyler that love of
office took.rapid strides. So far as the last admin-
istration is concerned, 1 must confess that there
was only one cxcuse for not cutting down these
expenses, and it was that Mr. Walker had asked
that it might l e limited and restricted to one mil-
lion five hundred and twenty (afterwards extended
to five hundred and sixty thousand) dollars.
The leason this limitation cannot be effected, when
theie is no law requiring it, is, that having a dis-
cretion as to the number of officers to be appointed,
appeals are made to the Secretary of the Treasury
for the appointment of friends, whose appeals he
cannot and will not resist. This is an age of
office-seeking and office-loving, and the result is,
that however desirous aSecretary of the Treasury
may be to resist the applications made to him for
offices, he cannot do so.
Mr. TOOMBS interposed and (Mr. T. yielding
for the purpose) explained. The gentleman had
said that Mr. Walker had stated that the ex-
penses could be reduced. Wow what Mr. Walker
said was, that he had reduced the expenses to one
million five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. THOMPSON. The gentleman need not
refer to the practice of Mr. Walker, in my esti-
mation of Mr. Walker^ character, no man lives
who is keener to perceive what id right than he is.
But his composition is such, the elements are so
mixed m him, that he cannot carry out his own
propositions unless constrained by the forms of
law. [Laughter.] And i have not a higher ap-
preciation of the present Secretary of the Treasury.
I form my opinions for myself. It was my de- |
sire during the whole of the last Congress, and du- I
ring the wftole of the last Administration to pre-
scribe this limitation. lam m favor of restrain*
ing this Administration. I never was a friend to
extravagant appropriations. Everyman who has
any knowledge of my course here, knows that I
have always opposed them. I do not wish the
Secretary of the Treasury to say to me, (t I rec-
ommend rigid economy in the appropriation of the
public money," and then, the next week, to rec-
ommend that the sum of two millions six; hundred
and fifty thousund dollars should be appropriated
for the collection of the revenue, and that 1 am to
be made responsible for that appropriation. Did
not the President in his annual communication rec-
ommend economy? and then follow up that with
a special message which called upon us to set aside
his own recommendation ? I am a friend to econ-
omy. I took the Administration at its word. 1
believe that the same amount of revenue has been
collected for orie-fourth of what is now proposed.
Tell me not that England does it at a cheaper rate.
We have done it; and, as I have said before, what
has been done once can be done again. It will not
be done, however, unless the Secretary of the
Treasury is constrained to do it. And it is idle to
te-ll me that the revenues of the country will be di-
minished by limiting the number of officers as pro-
posed by this measure.
One word as to the policy of fixing a limit on
the expenses of collecting the revenue. We can-
not do otherwise; because, as the law now stands,
the Secretary of the Treasury has within his own
discretion the determination of the number of offi-
cers to be employed. The fees of a few of them,
it is true, are fixed by law, but the number of
officers is left discretionary with the Secretary of
the Treasury. I was struck with that point in
the argument of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] yesterday, when he brought m the letter
of the late Secretary, [Mr. Walker,] which proves
the fact of the extent of this power of the Secre-
tary. In that letter, he says that "the sum ex-
* pended in collecting the revenue is now almost
* exclusively within the discretion of the Secretary
i of the Treasury."
Thus (continued Mr. T.) the fees of a few of
the officers are fixed, but the number is not fixed;
for example: the maximum of gangers' salaries is
fifteen hundred dollars per annum; but when the
fees run up beyond that amount, there is the power
to make two gaugers, thus making their united sal-
aries three, thousand dollars; and threegaugers can
be made in the same way, at a united salary of
four thousand five hundred dollars, becau&e the
lawjustifies their payment; whereas, if there was
but one gauger, all over fifteen hundred dollars
would go into the Treasury of the United States.
In the same way you can make deputy inspectors.
The fees are fixed, but the number of officers is
indefinite; and therefore the Secretary can expend
any amount he pleases. And I was struck with
what the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
said yesterday; and I call the attention of the
committee to the fact, that at this time the expen-
ses of collecting the revenue in INewYoik alone
are more than the expenses of collecting the whole
revenue in 1816, which amounted to more than
thirty-three miliums of dollars, and more than the
expenses of collecting thirty-one millions in 1825.
Can gentlemen doubt that we allow a sufficient
sum, by the act of March, 1849 ? Should we not
fix a limit? I repeat, I am for specific appropria-
tions. I am for allowing §780,000 to pay the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue. 1 am for adding
to that sum $175,000 for Texas, Oregon, and Cal-
ifornia, and #50,000 -for the increase of business.
Is not that ample? What more can gentlemen
ask ? If you take my amendment you will find
that it differs from the proposition of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means only in this: that the
committee gives $1,066,318, whilst I give $1,005,-
000—making a difference only of $61,000; and if
you add the cartage, drayage, &c., estimated at
#181,000, thediffeience between that and what the
Secretary asks is $139,000.
Gentlemen say that the officers of the Govern-
ment are not the proper persons to commence
this rcfoim; that Congress should first act. That
is the very reason why we never accomplish any
reforms at all. i believe it is impossible for men
engaged in the complicated business which en-
grosses the minds of the members of Congress, to
take the initiative in any reforms; and unless we
have effective cooperation in the heads of the de-
partments, it ia impossible that any salutary re-
j forms can be made. This is a grievance which
j oifght to be remedied, and remedied at once. We
' cannot strike down these abuses. We have not
j the requisite knowledge to enable us to do
; so. The Secretary of the Treasury can. He
i possesses all the information necessary to intelli-
| gent action. Any department holding a large
I number of officers, brought in at the discretion
| of the chief, would necessarily have about it
I many drones, persons receiving large salaries and
I performing no labor. These ind^iduals can be
I pointed out by him who controls the whole, and
| if he fails to point them out, he is derelict of
I duty, and must be subject to the charge of a wan-
i ton disregard of the public interest. But if you
j turn them out at this season of the year, they
j make a piteous cry, and ask why you did not dis-
j miss them in the summer. When this law went
I into effect in July last, (as 1 maintain it did,)
j then was the time to effect the reform. If the
j Administration had shown a disposition to re-
j form, they would not now have been calling upon
! us to be liberal. They would have had all they
I wished But, on the contrary, they made no
i efforts—they took no steps; and just at the time
j that this bill comes up for consideration, they be-
: gin their reform. 1 cannot say with what pio-
prtety the Secretary of the Treasury has made
these reforms. I cannot go into that question.
But I can say that instead of cutting down the
number of officers, according to my information,
the Secretary has, in some instances, enlarged
their salaries—that he has increased the number—
the exact number he does not inform us, ahhough
we made the inquiry. The number ought to be
reduced; and if we are true to ourselves and to
those principles of economy by which all of us
profess to be governed in our action here, the Sec-
retary should be called upon to go on in this work
of reform and reduction.
Whilst speaking of this subject of reform, I will
call the attention of the committee to the levenue-
cutter service.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to ask a question.
Mr. THOMPSON hoped the gentleman would
be hrief, (he said,) and yielded the floor.
I Mr. SCHENCK desired to be informed what
were the instances in which the salaries of officers
! had been increased as stated by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson.?
Mr. THOMPSON. I say that I am unable to
give the exact data, because the Secretary of the
Treasury has not given it to us, although we
called upon him, some days since, to do so. Gentle-
men may perhaps recollect that I opposed the con-
sideration of this resolution until the information
was given. When I was interrupted, Mr. Chair-
man, I was about to refer foi a few moments to
the revenue-cutter service.
My opinion is, that we can diminish the ex-
penses of that arm of the service, which were in-
creased during the administration of Mr. Tyler to
the sum of five hundred thousand dollars. We
want some cutters along the lakes, on the Gulf of
Mexico, and that part of our coast lying adjacent
to the West India Islands. But on the Atlantic
jl we have but little need of them. I was struck with
'! the remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
I j [Mr. Winthrop] yesterday, who told us how much
i good had been done by these cutters in saving ves-
I! sels in distress. I should like to know upon what
I principle it is that we are to keep up an arm of the
;i public service pertaining to the collection of rev-
[' enue for the purpose of saving vessels? Is this a
i; part of the revenue service? It is no part of the
,1 revenue service, and those who are benefited by it
: ought to pay for it. I admit that if these cutters
:| were daily upon the ocean and should happen to
full in with vessels in distiess, it would be their
, duty to render all the assistance in their power.
. There would be no excuse for their failure to do
i1 so; but to speak of keeping up an arm of the ser-
vice at an expense of two hundred and fifty or
,, three hundred thousand dollars to aid ships, to take
care of insurance companies, and ship owners, is
idle.
Mr. WINTHROP interposed to ask a ques-
, tion.
! Mr. THOMPSON yielded the floor.
II Mr. WINTHROP inquired, where the differ-
j ence was between this Government maintaining a
