1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
light-house establishment, in order to enable ves-
sels coming into port to keep clear of rocks an4
shoals, and sending out a cutter to aid her if she
run on these rocks and shoals?
Again, a vessel came to Boston with a cargo
of the value of half a million of dollars. The du-
ties on that cargo would be one hundred thousand
dollars. Was it no part of the business of the
Government to aid her if, with that cargo upon
which a hundred thousand dollars of duties were
to be paid, she should get upon the,rocks ?
Mr. TBJOMPSON. I will answer the gentle-
man by another illustration. The Government
has the same power over internal commerce that
we have over the commerce of the ocean. On the
Mississippi river vessels again and again run
upon snags and sink, or are placed in a condition
of great distress. Will the gentleman say that
it is the duty of the Government to keep up boats
for the purpose of relieving these vessels? It is
idle.
The Chairman's hammer fell, indicating the
expiration of the hour. The Chairman gave the
floor to
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina.
Mr. THOMPSON. Am 1 through?
The CHAIRMAN. The hour has expired.
Mr. THOMPSON would very much like, he
said, to have a few moments longer.
Mr. HOLMES, acquiescing, took his seat.
Mr. THOMPSON. I was going to say that I
hoped some gentleman would take the floor, who
had examined the reports made he.e of the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue for the last year,
just to see with what confusion the items are
carried out, and how entirely inexplicable they
are.
My friend near me, [Mr. Greene,] a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, has cast
up some of the items of the New York custom-
house, and he gives the following as the result:
" Under tlift amount expended for collector's department
the table shows the amount to be $8-2,363 95, whereas the
items added will amount to §115,000."
In the navdl office, the amount stated to have been ex-
pended is. $12,205 48, whereas the actual sum shown by the
table is $67,600. In the survejor's oftiee the extraordinary
mil-take is made ol statin" the amount expended is $462 93,
when the items added will amount to $18,720."
Mr. T. concluded: 1 would like some gentle-
men to take these tables and pursue the subject
further.
Mr. HOLMES then resumed the floor.
Mr. HOLMES made some remarks, which were
entirely inaudible at the reporter's desk, on ac-
count of the loud conversation between the speaker
and the reporter. -
He began with expressing, with the utmost de-
ference to those who had preceded him, his convic-
tion that they had not touched the real question.
The whole question as to the cost of the collection
embraced in the resolution before the committee,
seemed to him not to have been understood. He
then explained his view of it, but the explanation
was not heard.
He applauded the gentleman from Georgia,
TMr Toombs,] for the manner in which he had
vindicated the reputation of the late chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
McKay 1 It was kind of him thus to defend an
absent friend. Certainly, the late chairman had one
conspicuous virtue-honesty of purpose, united
with a certain keenness. Cut that gentleman had
always appeared to him (Mr. H.) like an ow in
a barn, where he could see clearly enough the
rats and the mice which were depredating theie;
but the moment he was out in the full light of the
sun he could discover nothing at all.
Mr. H. defended the revenue system against the
attacks which had been levelled against it. As a
representative of a commercial constituency, he
could not give his assent to an injurious limitation
of the means in the hands of the Secretary . B is
friend from Boston [Mr. Winthrop] had given
to the House a statement of the services lenUer.d
by the revenue cutter Hamilton, of the vessels le-
lieved by that cutter, and the lives which had been
saved U had been stated by the gentleman from
Mississippi, that we had no constitutional power
toTo oufto sea for the purpose of saving vessels
and lives. Granted. But he conceived that theie
could be nothing unconstitutional in adopting
means to rescue your own revenue from destruc-
tion We are under no obligation, in virtue of any
ex,sting compact with the States, to give protection
to our commerce. "But we are under an obligation
to get all the means we can into our Treasury.
And if, by our neglect of proper means, we per-
mit a vessel having a valuable cargo to go down,
aild we thus lose the duties to whiclj that cargo
was liable, we are responsible to the "country for
that neglect.
He reminded the committee of the gross fraud
which had been perpetrated against the system
during the last Administration, by which a portion
of the appropriations made for the revenue service
in New York was diverted to the use of the coast
survey, and to other objects, while no credit what-
ever was given to the revenue service for thus de-
priving it of its means. He was astonished, with
the view of this fact before their eyes, that gen-
tlemen should come here and complain of the cost
of the system.
He denounced this attempt to limit the amount,
as it tended to the destruction of the revenue it-
self, and to the infliction of a great injury on every
honest merchant in the country. He would put a
case. Mr. Abbot Lawrence might import goods
to the value of a miliion. Another person, an
Englishman, or at any rate a,foreigner, comes
and imports a cargo really worth a million, but in-
voiced at only half a million. If the 6fficers hav-
ing charge of the revenue did not detect the fraud,
Mr. Lawrence would pay the duties on the mil-
lion, while the foreigner made an actual profit of
perhaps thirty per cent, on his half million. There
was a gross fraud on the merchant, and upon the
revenue to the amount of some five or six hundred
thousand dollars.
It was a fraud on the merchant, because it
broke down all the safeguards for his protection.
And it was a fiaud on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to bind him down by restrictions to an expend-
iture of a million and a half, for the support of a
system for which his predecessor required two
millions. And with this sum he was required to
protect the whole line of coast; to carry on the sys-
tem in all its ramifications; to support the light-
houses for the purpose of protecting our com-
merce. And all this at a moment when we are en-
deavoring to extend our commerce, and to open a
vent through the waters of the St. Lawrence.
He repeated, that this limitation would neces-
sarily operate injuriously, by facilitating the pur-
poses of fraudulent importers. Yet the Secretary
was to be held responsible for the faithful perform-
ance of the duty required of him.
He concluded with an urgent appeal to the com-
mittee to abstain from a limitation which would
throw thousands of persons out of employment,
while it would destroy the security of the mer-
chant, and injure the revenue.
Mr. BROOKS said he should not rise to make
any remarks during the short time now allowed
for discussion in this House, (ivventy minutes,)
but that the peculiar commercial character of
his constituency would seem to demand something
from him; more especially when charges of ex-
travagance, if not of corruption, had been directed
against them by the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.] It would appear from the
course of the remarks of these gentlemen, as if
they regarded the custom-house at New York as
created and upheld merely for the benefit of New
York city. But this was a great mistake. The
custom-house there did not belong to New York
alone. It was not established for the benefit of
New York, but for the country, and the whole
country." His constituents were the commission
houses, the factors, the servants of the people of
this Confederacy, and it was the enure country
that was to be injured if smuggling were to be
made easy there by inefficient officers, or gen-
eral in consequence of the want of officers. If
the whole revenue system in New York city were
abolished—if the custom-house was torn down,
and all the officers of the customs thrown aside,
New York would at once spring to the position of
a free commercial city, open to all the importa-
tions of the woild, and soon be one of the richest
cities on earth. As an American, he might be
called upon to lament over the effects of so per-
verted a policy upon our common country; but as a
New Yorker, he should but share in the common
profits of his fellow-citizens, realized by this be-
j ing the fiee entrepot of the New World. Throw
I not, then, upon New Yorkers (he said) all the ex-
I penses of the custom-house there, tint remember
that it is the citadel you have set in among us to
enforce your laws, and that these officers are your
sentinels, under your pay, to collect from, us,for
yourselves, the means of carrying on this Govern-
ment. Thus much for the sweeping charges against
New York, which collects and pays two-third^ of
the revenue of the United States.
■Great complaints are made in this House,-ftnd
on both sides of it, that the revenue now, in 1850,
cannot be collected for what it cost in 1816, or
some other subsequent years, when the revenue
was larger, or as large as it is now. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] adverted to this
fact, and the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Thompson] has to-day elaborately dwelt upon it.
But have these gentlemen reflected that since 1816
there has been, m the mode-and manner of impor-
tations and in the revenue laws of the country,
almost an entire revolution ? Previous to that
period, and for some years subsequent, the import-
ations, of this country were^in few hands, and the
importers were few in number. Foreign goods,
or foreign products, came to us in large masses—
in vessels that were sixty or ninety days, or
more, on their voyages—and the duties were paid
by importers, who were large capitalists, in large
amounts, and at one time. The business of the
custom-house was, therefore, comparatively light,
and but few officers were necessary. The packet
ships of New York, which made their voyages in *
from sixteen to thirty days, first made an inroad
upon this mode of doing business, by enabling,
smaller capitalists, with smaller means, to take ad-
vantage of their precision and regularity; but now,
by the use of steamships as importing vessels,
which make their passages with the regularity of
clock-work, and by the new navigation laws of
Great Britain, which enable these vessels to bring
packages from all parts of the continent, this rev-
olution in trade is made yet .more complete. A
package of silks is made up at Lyons, a package
of laces at Brussels, a package of watches at Ge-
neva, a packageof broadcloths (say) at Frankfort-
on-the-Maine; and all these packages can now go
to Liverpool, and be sent under the new British
navigation laws to the United States. These
packages nowarrive, say in Boston or New York,
twenty-five hundred m number, instead of some
forty, or fifty, as heretofore, to three hundred
different consignee's, instead of some dozen, the
duties upon which are worth to the Government,
a quarter of a million of dollars. Then commence
the labors and the difficulties of the custom-house,
and of course the necessity of giving them a prop-
er number of officers, and of a number greatly in-
creased over the number of former years. Let us
suppose that of these three hifndred consignees,
where goods arrive at Boston, two hundred five, in
New York, or Philadelphia, or St. Louis, or
Nashville. The goods of all these consignees ar'9
first to be examined by the appraisers, whose force
must be adequate at the start. These invoices,
under your universal system of ad valorems, must
be carefully examined, and many of them are in
foreign languages, that it may be difficult to de-
cipher, and more difficult to understand. Then
every consignee in a distant town has got to ob-
tain from the custom-house a transportation bond—
work which will not execute itself. An officer of
the customs is bound to see every package started
off on its destined route. A copy of the invoice
and of the entry is sent to the collector where the
goods are to go. At every receiving port, these
goods again must be received by an utficer of the
customs, and be entered upon all the books. If
the goods come from Boston to New York, they
go to a public warehouse in the latter port. The
owner is obliged then to make an entry to get
his goods out of the warehouse, and tie 'may
take them by single packages, if he will, and so
lead to greater expenditure of labor and time.
Then when the goods are received, a certificate is
givet>, by which the transportation bond is can-
celled at last. No such modes of doing business
as these were known 111 1616, and I need not add,
the warehouse system is, in this country, of mod-
ern growth, and the universal ml valorems a nov-
elty at least among civilized nations, upon the
face of the earth. But all these things add enor-
mously to the work and to the cost of the custom-
h°Gentlemen also should remember when they
contrast Mr. Walker's expenditures with the cost
of collecting a like or a larger amount of revenue
