1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
the grammatical error I pointed out to him. 1 can
assure him that no grammar in Christendom would
sustain him in the language he has used in this
resolution. If he does not accept the suggestion I
made as a modification, 1 shall be compelled to
move an amendment, so as to alter the phraseology
of the resolution. The error consists in this, that
it is not correct to speak of a structure as an "erec-
tion," and then to say that it is " being erected.'
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the Senator is
mistaken in point of fact. I have not called this
building an "erection," but a "structure." I
should not think it ungrammatical to speak of a
"structure which is being erected." But as I
always yield with great deference and humility to
the Senator from Mississippi on grammar, I will
now yield anything so far as gram mar is concerned.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
the structure referred to, on the west of the Cap-
itol, is now properly under the charge of the Com-
mittee on the Library; and that committee have
already examined the wholequestion. They have
gone over all the public grounds, and selected the
spot best suited to the purpose. The spot which
was selected is that which was originally designed
and marked, upon the original plans, for a horti-
cultural garden. It was selected becauseof its prox-
imity to the Capito), and because it was believed
it would be a great ornament to the public grounds.
If the Senator from New Hampshire will wait un-
til this building shall have been erected, I think he
will find that it will not mar the architectural beauty
of the Capitol. This structure is merely for the
purpose of protecting the plants brought home by
the Exploring Expedition, as they had to be re-
moved from the square on which they lately stood,
in consequence of the further extension of the
Patent Office. It is believed that the structure in
course of erection will answer the purposes for
which it was designed, and that it will rather orna-
ment than disfigure the public grounds.
The committee looked over all the grounds from
which they could select, and, if the Senator from
New Hampshire will do the same, I believe his
good sense will bring him to the conclusion at
which the committee arrived—that this point was
best suited for the purpose. There is no use,
therefore, of referring this question to the Commit-
tee on the Library, for they have examined it ab
initio. They have examined all the grounds on
which the building could be erected. They have
had plans of the structure submitted to them.
Nothing was done without their advice and con-
sent. They are responsible to the Senate for what
has been done, and that responsibility the commit-
tee are willing to answer.
It comes not properly before the Committee on
Public Buildings, because the plans are in charge
of the Committee on the Library, as the structure
is simply designed to protect the plants that have
been preserved in the green-house near the Patent
Office. If the Senator from New Hampshiie pro-
poses to raise a committee on architecture, very
well. But there is no use in referring this matter
to the committee originally proposed, or the one
proposed in the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Hampshire professes to be a great ad-
mirer of the simplicity of nature, and desires, in
order that we may get nearer to it, to have re-
move(Lthe statues which grace the east front of
the Capitol. I think that the Senator would be
■very much at a loss, with regard to one of these
statues at least, to suggest any alteration by which
it could be made to approach nearer than it does
to the absolute simplicity of nature. As I believe,
with the Senator from Mississippi, that this reso-
lution is, at all events, unnecessary to be consid-
ered, I will move to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union, to establish Territorial Governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making propo-
sals to Texas for the establishment of her western
and northwestern boundaries.
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Senate for up-
wards of an hour and a half. [A report will appear
in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOOTE also addressed the Senate for up-
wards of an hour.
The debate was continued by Messrs. BUTLER,
HALE, CLEMENS, DAVIS of Mississippi,
and FOOTE—by the two latter gentlemen more
particularly, in relation to the public sentiment of
Mississippi, for all which, see Appendix.
•Mr. FOOTE again rose to make further expla-
nation.
Mr. NORRIS. I call the Senator to order. I
think this discussion has gone far enough.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope I may be allowed to ex-
plain.
Mr. NORRIS. I insist on the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dickinson
in the chair.) The point of order is insisted on.
The whole subject of discussion is considered out
of order.
Mr. FOOTE. Wit! not the gentleman allow me
a single remark in explanation?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri has the floor.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 suppose the question be-
fore us to be upon the amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi11 [Mr. Foote.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. ATCHISON. So far as this discussion is
concerned between the two Senators from Missis-
sippi, I deem it entirely unimportant to the Senate
and to the country. It is a matter purely between
themselves. I trust that the vote may now be
taken upon the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, unles it is his pleasure to withdraw it.
A vote was taken on the first amendment in com-
mittee, if I am not mistaken, and it was rejected
two to one. The second amendment amounts to
nothing at all. It is a mere recommendation to
the people of California, when admitted, to cut the
State in two. That is, as I understand, the second
amendment, and unless there is some substance to
it, I shall not give it my vote. I think the first
proposition was voted down in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FOOTE. That is a mistake. I offered
that amendment, and withdrew it at the par-
ticular desire of others. As to the other proposi-
tion, it may be of great practical value, as it will
divide the State of California by the line of 36° 30',
if such means are applied to secure the division as
I have no doubt will be applied. But, whatever
course the Senate choose to take, I shall be con-
tent.
Mr. RUSK. I move that the vote be taken on
these amendments separately. They are two dis-
tinct amendments to the bill, and 1 desire to say a
word upon the amendment that relates to the
change of the line of Texas; and, as far as I am
concerned, and so far as Texas is concerned, she
would prefer a withdrawal of this vexatious claim
on the part of the United States to a part of her
territory. If this is not agreeable, and if there is
to be a division, she asks that it may be at the
thirty-fourth parallel of latitude. The territory
along the line is desert, and will not be settled.
There is a line below which will be settled. If
the line is thrown below, the only object in putting
it at Santa Fe would be to include the pass where
the main road to the Pacific would be. If the ter-
ritory is included below, as the bill of the com-
mittee does include it, it will give an opportunity
for settlements, which will be an extreme annoy-
ance to the State of Texas, and not be beneficial to
themselves. For these reasons, I ask a division of
the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be token on the first amendment.
Mr. BENTON. It was stated yesterday by
the Senator from Kentucky, that this proposed
alteration will make some little difference in the
quantity of the grant that is to be ceded to Texas,
it will make some little difference! It will make
a difference on one end of the line of two degrees
and some minutes; that is to say, one hundred
and fifty miles on a straight line. The other £nd
will be a mere point. There are about seven de-
grees of longitude to which this alteration applies.
]t is upwaids of two degrees in width at one end,
and a mere point at the other; this is easily calcu-
lated. Any person can run it through his head;
one hundred and fifty miles at one end, a point at
the other, and seven degrees of longitude in length.
Reduce it to a parallelogram, and you have a width
of seventy-five miles, and a length of four hun-
dred miles. The product of the two gives you an
area of thirty thousand square miles. So that
thirty thousand square miles are to be added to
Texas, over and above the quantity before pro-
posed m the bill. And this includes a great num-
ber of towns and settlements. It will cut New
Mexico above the hips, somewhere between the
hips and the short ribs. It takes in a country
about as much southern as Natchez, and where
the people are planting and sowing on the last
days of February, and it takes in many villages.
Now, there are two classes of persons on thrs
floor who should vote against this amendment.
One consists of those who believe that the plain
title of Texas is good to the head of the river. The
other class consists of those who believe that the
title of Texas does not come up to El Paso at all.
But we seemed to be in the condition yesterday
and the day before to claim, as it has been argued
all along in the debate, that El Paso is the true
point. ^ We are now one hundred and fifty miles
above it. Then there is a claun on the part of
some to the country up to the head of the river,
which is denied by others. The proposition was
at first to cut in two at El Paso; now the proposi-
tion is to go one hundred and fifty miles above,
and cut in two there. I think there should be a
proposition corresponding to the wishes of the per-
sons who have sent petitions, and memorials, and
resolutions here, asking for the passage of the bill
as it stood, which was considered the true thing
that was to heal the country.
This claim puts me in mind of what happened
in one of the western States in the early settlement
of the States, and when there was a statute in force
by which a man or a woman could swear to his
or her book-account as high as five dollars, and
the opposite party could swear off as high as five
dollars. Well, it all worked out pretty well till
this case happened: A man brought in his account
before a justice of the peace, and swore to the
amount of five dollars. The defendant then came
in and swore he owed nothing at all. The judge
then concluded to split the difference, and ^ive the
plaintiff two dollars and a half, making out that both
had sworn falsely. That seems to be about the
way in respect to this case. One says that there
is a good title to the head of the river, and another
says it is not good at all, and another will split the
difference. I think that this proves that both par-
ties are putting in a claim which is good for noth-
ing. I was in favor of giving seventy thousand
square miles to Texas, but I shall vote against add-
ing thirty thousand square miles to that, including
a country containing a great number of settlements,
and much higher up the river, and where it is
spring on the last day of February.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the amendment, which is as follows:
Amend the 39lh section by striking nut the 10th and Jlth
lines, and the word u ea twardly " in the 12th lute, and in-
sert " where the 34th degree of north latitude intersects said
rtveij thence east with said parallel ol latitude."
The result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atcii son, Badger, Barnwell, Berrien,
Bniler, Clemen45, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Houston, Hun er,
King, Mason, Morion, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soute, Tui-
liey, and Yulee—'20.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Blight,
Oa^s, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Corwm, Davis of'Ma<!sachusett$,
Dajton, Dickinson, Dodge ol Wisconsin, Dodge ofTowa,
Feicli, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller, Norris, Pearcc,
Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Sprnance. Siurgoon, Un-
d"wood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Webster, and Whit-
conib—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the second branch
of Mr. Foote's proposition—that is, to amend the
seventh section, by adding thereto a proviso rec-
ommending to the people of California a division
of that State after its admission.
Mr. KING. I wish to avail myself of the
privilege that pertains to me as a Senator from the
State of Alabama, to offer an amendment to the
proposition now under consideration. I do so, sir,
from the anxiety that I have that the bill should,
if possible, be so amended as will justify, as I con-
ceive, those who think with me on the subject
generally, in giving it their support, i am "ex-
ceedingly anxious that such a change should be
made as will enable Senators on both sides, who
are disposed to settle this question on something
like fair, just, and equitable principles, to put it in
that form, and thus settle a question which all
must see it is of the first importance should be
settled.
I was desirous, Mr President, at some proper
time, to state to the Senate, and to the country,
the grounds upon which I shall act with regard to
