1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
this distracting: and agitating question; the grounds
oft which i shall sustain certain portions of the
bill, which may be objected to by others, residing
in the same section with myself; and the grounds
upon which f shall feel myself compelled to go
against it ultimately, unless it can be so modified
as to induce me to believe, to convince me, that
the rights of the South, the honor of the South,
are preserved by the bill. I say, once for all, that
as it now stands it neither does one thing nor the
other. There is not one solitary provision in that
bill, when connected with the other subjects, con-
tained in that is suifccient in itself to authorize,
as [conceive, southern men to give it their sup-
port. There are portions of it we would take and
submit to, provided other portions could be so
arranged and amended as to justify us in taking
them collectively.
Now, sir, what is the amendment under con-
sideration? My friend from Missouri just now
properly characterized it. It amounts to nothing,
and there is not a Senator on this floor who can
say it does amount to anything. Has not the
Congress of the United States the power at any
time to divide a State with her assent? Certainly.
What does this proposition propose to do with
California ? That, with her assent at some future
time, we will divide her, if she thinks proper to
permit herself to be divided. But in the mean
time, she is to be admitted with her present exten-
sive limits, leaving it for her to decide whether
these limits shall be curtailed; settling the whole
question, so far as a thousand miles on the Pacific
coast is concerned, directly against the interests of
the South.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend is willing, I wish
he would now give way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I hope he will first move his
amendment.
Mr. KING. The proposition which I intended
to submit—for it is not my habit nor my wish to
consume much of the time of the Senate, and even
if the Senate adjourns, I promise them I shall be
as short as possible with the presentation of the
grounds of objection I have to the bill, and the
points I intend to sustain—is to move to strike out
all of the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi after the word provided, and insert the fol-
lowing:
"The boundary of-the State shall be as follows: Com-
mencing ori the Pacific at the 42<i degree of north latitude;
tlienco wiilt the southern boundary line of the Territory of
Oregon to the summit of the Siei r<i Nevada, Uien along the
crest of that mountain to a point where it intellects the par-
allel of latitude 35° 30' 5 thence with said parallel to the Pa-
cific ocean."
Mr. BADGER. I move that the amendment
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to,
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 19, 1850,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FEATHERSTON rose, and asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill, merely for the purpose, he said, of having it
referred to a committee.
Mr. PRESTON KING (calling for the orders of
the day) objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND also called for the orders
of the day.
Mr. STRONG. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] has moved that there be a
call of the House, and that motion is in order.
And the Chair will state to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] that the orders of the
day, for which the gentleman has called, will be
the resolution reported last evening from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the subject of the admission of the Delegate from
New Mexico to a seat on this floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I was under the im-
pression that the regular order of the day would
be the call of the committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of the day
would be the call of the committees for reports, but
that there is a special order which has yet to be d is-
posed of.
LAND FOR THE INSANE. j
Mr. BISSELL rose, and asked the unanimous I
consent of the House, to present the memorial of •
Miss D. L. Dix, praying an appropriation of pub-
lic land for the benefit of the insane.
The SPEAKER stated the question, and in-
quired, fs there any objection ? The Chair (added
the Speaker) hears none.
So the memorial was received.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 move that the memorial be
referred to a select committee, to consist of seven
members.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BISSELL hoped, he said, that the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] would with-
draw the motion to refer the memorial to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The session was far
advanced; that committee had much business
claiming its attention; and a select committee would
be enabled, consequently, to give a more complete
examination to the subject than the Committee on
Public Lands, with other duties upon its hands,
could give. He trusted the gentleman would
withdraw the motion.
Mr. COBB declined to withdraw the motion, and
was understood to assign as a reason for the re-
fusal, the fact that the Committee on Public Lands
had the subject already before it on memorials
previously presented,
Mr. BISSELL said, the character of the present
memorial was different from those to which the
gentleman fpom Alabama referred.
Mr. COBB was understood to intimate that they
were essentially the same.
The SPEAKER. The question will be, first,
on the reference of the memorial to the Committee
on Public Lands. If that motion should be rejected,
the question will then recur on the motion to refer
to a select committee.
And the question, ** Shall this memorial he re- j
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands?" was
taken, and decided in the negative, without a divis-
ion.
So the House decided that the memorial should
not be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Bissell, to refer the memorial
to a select committee, and was decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the memorial was ordered to be referred to a
select committee to be composed of seven mem-
bers,
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the memorial be
printed.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. BISSELL. I think if the gentleman will
look at the character of the memorial he wiil not
persist a moment in his objection to its prinung.
Mr. JONES. 1 am opposed to the printing of
private memorials.
Mr. BISSELL. The memorial comes from a
private individual, as many other memorials do,
but it involves a matter of much public inteiest.
The objection having been persisted in, the mo-
tion to print was not entertained.
POSTAGE.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, asked leave at this time to
make a report.
Mr. ASHMUN desired to suggest (as the re- j
porter understood) that, after the special order had J
been disposed of, the regular order of business i
would he the call of the committees for reports,
when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] could
introduce his bill.
Mr. POTTER. It will only take a moment.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Ashmu\t.) Does the
gentleman object?
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not wish to object, I
merely made a suggestion.
The reading of the title of the bill was called for.
And the title thereof was read as " A bill to le-
duce and modify the rates of postage," &c.
Objection was made.
So the bill was not introduced.
NEW MEXICO.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Strong, that there be a call of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall there be a call of the
House?" was taken and decided m the negative—
yeas 76, nays 98.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on seconding tire
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DUER rose, he said, to a question of order.
He desired to be informed by theSpeaker whether,
if the previous question should he sustained, and
the resolution reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (that it was in-
expedient to admit the Delegate from New Mex-
ico,) should be rejected, it would then be in order
to offer the resolution which he held in his hand,
and which was (he said) in these words. 
Mr. STRONG (interposing.) I submit to the
Chair that this is not a point of order.
Mr. DUER. It is a point of order, whether the
previous question would be exhausted or——
Mr. STRONG. A point of order for a future
time, not now.
Mr. DUER was understood to suggest, that it
was the daily practice of the House to put inqui-
ries of this kind to the Chair, and that objection
was never made.
The SPEAKER. No point of order can be
submitted at this time. But the Chair will state,
for the information of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Duer,] and of the House, what the
effect of the previous question will be. If the
previous question should be sustained, and a vote
should be taken on the resolution reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
however that resolution may be disposed of,
there will be an end to the question, unless there
should be a reconsideration of the final vote.
Mr. DUER. Then I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] to withdraw his
demand for the previous question, to enable me to
offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. ' Is the demand for the pre-
vious question withdiawn?
Mr. DUER. My resolution is not to admit the
claimant to a seat as a Delegate, but 
[Loud calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania refuses to withdraw.
Mr. DUER. 1 will state what my request is.
The gentleman can say whether he will accede to
it. I request 
[Cries of " Order," " order."]
TheSPEAKER. The House will observeorder.
If objection is made to the gentleman from New
York proceeding, he is not in order.
Mr. DUER. Have I not the right to make a
request to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
state what my object is?
The SPEAKER. This can only be done by
general consent.
Mr. INGE objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what was the
pending question ?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is upon
agreeing to the resolution reported by the Com-
mUtee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the previous question is moved, the effect of
which will be to bring the House to a direct vote
upon the resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether it would
be in order to move to postpone the further con-
sideration of 1 his subject to a day certain ?
TheSPEAKER replied, that it would not be
in order pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion; for the previous question, if sustained, would
cut off a motion to postpone, even if already pend-
mg.
Mr. DUER. I ask a favor never denied in this
House, t. e., to have an amendment read for the
information of the House, which I piopose to offer
in case the previous question is not sustained.
Mr. INGE and others objected.
Mr. CROWELL. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. It is this: If the previous question
be voted down, will it then be in order to offer an
amendment to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to offer an
amendment, if it be relevant.
The question, " Is there a second to the demand
' for the previous question ?" was taken, and
The SPEAKER, announced— ayes 92, noes 82.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Moore and Venable were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 90.
So there was a second.
