1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The original resolution, as adopted by the Sen-
ate, was read as follows, viz:
Resolved l/y the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Stat e> of America in Congress assembled, That instead
of the sum appioprmted lor the expenses of collecting the
levenue in the act of March third, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-nine, a sum equal tothatexpended in collect-
ing the revenue lor the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, or.e
thousand eight hundred and forty-eight,exclusive of the ex-
penses for storage, cartage, drayage, and labor in that year,
be and the same is hereby appropriated for the service end-
ing June tlmtieth, one thousand eight hundred and fifty,
together with such sums in addition as may he received lor
cartage, dra\a«c, labor, and storage.
Sec. 2. Jlwi be it JurtkerKResolved9 That nothing in the
act aforesaid shall be so constructed as to deprive the im-
porter of the privilege of the transportation ot meichandise
under bond from one district to another, and of re-ware-
hou.-mg the game according to the provisions of the sccond
section of the act of sixth Augu.-t, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-six, to estabh.-h a warehousing system, and
to amend an act entitled u An act to provide revenue from
imports, and to change and modify existing laws imposing
dutif-s on import*, and foi other purposes."
Pd-sed the Senate : January 15, lisoO.
The substitute proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means was read, as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate, 4'c., That instead of the sum ap-
propriated for the expenses of collecting the revenue in the
ad of third March, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, a sum
equal to one-half of that expended in collecting the levenue
foi the fi>oal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and toity-eight, exclusive of the expenses for s-torage, cart-
age, drayage, and lahor^in that yeai,be and the same is
herein appropriated for the revenue of tht halt year com-
mencing first January, eighteen hundred and fifty, and end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fiJiy, together with
such in addition as maybe received for cartage, dray-
age, labor, and storage."
Mr. VINTON proposed to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means, by
adding at the end thereof the following, viz:
'• But no part of the appropriation hereby made shall be
applied to defiav the expenses of collecting the revenue in
California and Oregon dining the said second half of the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 185J."
The question was then taken on the adoption of
this amendment, by tellers, (Messrs. Ogle and
McQueen acting as such,) and resulted in the
affirmative—ayes 93, noes 90.
Mr. VINTON here gave notice that he would
at the proper time move to amend the original res-
olution by the addition of an amendment, such
as had been affixed to the substitute of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with the view to the
rejection of the substitute.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out in the eleventh
line the word3 "until the close of the present ses-
sion of Congress,9> and to insert in lieu thereof the
words " until the first day of February, 1851."
Mr. EVANS said that when the gentleman from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Bayly,] was addressing the
House in vindication of the late Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Walker, m explanation of his se-
vere economy, and in mention of his circulars to
the collectors of Boston and New York, requiring
a reduction of expenses, he (Mr. Evans) had made
a request of the chairman of Ways and Means to
allow a half dozen lines to be read entirely perti-
nent to the matter under discussion, and in refuta-
tion of that gentleman's argument.
Here Mr." BAYLY rose to a point of order,
which was, that all debate having been closed in
committee, by express order of the House, the
remarks of the gentleman from Maryland were
not m order.
The CHAIRMAN decided that, under the rule
of the House giving five minutes to each member
to explain any amendment he might offer, the gen-
tleman from Maryland was in order and might
proceed.
Mr EVAN'S said the gentleman from Virginia
was trying to choke this matter off again, and to
prevent its being brought to the notice of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BAYLY denied that he was attempting to
choke off any. statement or investigation.
Mr. EVANS (continuing) said that he pre-
sumed he never should have the honor of occupy-
ing the distinguished position of chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, but if he ever!
should, he would assure the honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] that that gentleman
would never be denied by him the courtesy of a
short remark. He (Mr. E.) would now proceed
to read from the report of the late Secretary of the
Treasury, (Mr. Walker,) in his report on the
warehousing system, submitted to the Senate of
the United States on the 22d of F^iuary, 1849,
only nine days before the passage of the act limit-
ing the amount to be appropriated for the collec-
tion of the revenue. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, though he seemed to mink that everybody
knew what was in the report alluded to, and that
it was not pertinent to that gentleman's remarks,
would find that it was not a matter which had been
alluded to hy any body, and that it was- very perti-
nent to the course of that gentleman's remarks,
and that it was, moreover, a matter bearing very
p'articulaiiy upon the question of the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury with regard to the
possibility of reducing the number of inspectors.
That report, on page 3d, read as follows:
"The provi&ions of the act of the 17th June, 1844, limiting
the inspectors to the number employed at thai date, must
be modified in some re.-ptcts, as tho&c officers are rtquued
hy the warehousing laws to Keep the key and have chijjgo
ot private bonded stores.
" If these private stoies are to be scattered over our great
ports*, as the convenience ot commerce ina> dictate, and as
10 a fair and reasonable extent they should be, under propei
regulation.", it the warehousing bunne&s should piogre&s as
it has done lor the last two years, the inspec tois must be
augmented beyond the numbei authorized by that act."
Now, Mr. Chairman, by that report it appears
that, so far from recommending any diminution of
officers—of inspectors at least—the late Secretary
had positively asked that their number might be
increased. He (Mr. Evans) did not say that the
Secretary had asked that the expenses should be
increased by the amount of pay of these otficeis,
but he had asked that their number be increased.
So much for the economy, so much lauded, of the
late Secretary.
The fact was, that the late Secretary had in-
formed the Committee of Ways and Means, as
was here asserted by the gentleman fioni Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] not that he could, but that lie had
leduced the expense of collecting the revenue to
$1,560,000. That statement lui ried out to be incor-
rect, altogether incorrect; and though he [Mr.
Evans] was in favor of a rigid economy, yet neither
the gentleman from Virginia nor any other gen-
tleman knew to what the expense might, could, or
ought to be reduced; they knew nothing about it,
and were proceeding etunely m the dark, upon the
strength of a statement which turned out to be al-
together erroneous.
He trusted that the gentleman from Virginia
would see that this extract from the report ot the
late Secretary of the Tieasury was pertinent to
that Secretary's opinion of the possibility of le-
ducing the number of in&pectois.
But the gentleman from Virginia had alluded to
some " arrows" that he had shot, and the u telling
effect" of which upon him [Mr. Evans] he ad-
verted to. He supposed that that gentleman had
read the Iliad of Homer—it was a learning not un-
worthy of a chairman of Ways and Means; he
would there find mention of a certain "far-darting
Apollo," sometimes called 44 Pythean Apollo/'
who shot fatal daits invisible to human eyes; like
those darts weie the gentleman's airows, except
as to their fatality. Since they were invisible, no-
body here had seen them, no one iiad felt them,
and, therefore, all might well be skeptical as to
their existence.
Mr. E. concluded by withdrawing his proposed
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY moved a further amendment to
the substitute of the committee as amended, by
providing " That there shall be a reduction on the
Atlantic coast equal to the force transferred from
the Atlantic to the Pacific." 1
Mr. B. explained his amendment, and, after a
very few remarks by Messrs. PHCENiX and
CONRAD, wiil^di'ew it.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, offered an amend-
ment, providing that there shall be no furthei re-
duction in the levenue matine service.
Mr. McLANE remarked, that he desired to say
to the committee that the revenue marine service
had been already reduced since the passage of the
law of 1849 some sixteen oh'iceis; and the reason
why he now desired the adoption of the amend-
ment was, that he had understood that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had it m contemplation, im-
mediately after action on the joint resolution, to
make a still further reduction of some live or six
in each grade of this service.
Mr. McL. said he would notatthis time enter
into a discussion of the merits of the law of 1&49.
He was, for one, satisfied that specific appiopna-
tion was the constitutional mode ot appropriation,
and should be insisted upon to every practicable
extent. He was eqpally satisfied that tho law of '
1849 was intended to comprise the entire fiscal
year of 2849; But the Secretary had given the
law a different construction, and expended
'more io the first half year than he should, have
done under, a proper construction of the law.
There was a deficiency to be supplied; and he was
willing to go to every reasonable extent to make
up such deficiency, to prevent a ruinous reduction
of the custom-house forces, such as might em-
barrass or prevent a proper .administration of the
revenue laws. He believed the amount proposed
to be provided for by the substitute of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, especially as amended,
would be ample. If, however, a further reduc-
tion of those employed in guarding and collecting
the revenues was necessary, he wished to guarci
the revenue marine service against any further
reduction.
Mr. McLANE dwelt upon the importance of
this branch of the service. He concluded by ex-
pressing the opinion that^ome discretion should
be left with the Secretary of the Tieasury in re-
gard to the expenditure for the custom-house ser-
vice in California. The extraordinary state of
things existing in that remote region rendered it
absolutely necessary. He thought for that rea-
son that California should be excepted fiom the
operations of ihe Jaw of 1849, as well in regard to
the expenditure as the amount of compensation to
be paid the custom-house officers. He was, how-
ever, in favor of holding the Secretary to his own
estimates of what was deemed necessary.
The question was then taken upon his amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS proposed an amendment, provi-
ding that all laws fixing the compensation of offi-
cers of the customs be suspended so far as regarded
California and Oregon, until the further action of
Congress.
Mr. T. explained that the amendment was not
intended to increase the expenditure, but to leave
with the Secretary a discretion equal to the pecu-
liar statc.of things existing in California.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Toombs, and agreed to, on a count by
!j tellers, by 92 ayes to 61 noes.
!j Mr. CHANDLER offered the following amend-
!i ment:
' 1 " Provided alu ays, That thfre shall at no time be such a
ji reduction a* to pievei.t the proper ofiicej of anycu torn-
{] house hum having at Ins command  nsp<ctora &uifititui m
j j number to take charge ot ves*eU according to law '
\ Mr. CHANDLER said: I have offered that
' amendment with a view of " waidingoff one of
those arrows*' which the honoranle chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means has dis-
charged with so little discrimination; one-was
aimed at my constituents and 1 choose to turn it
aside. The honorable gentleman refeircd to an
act which bore the appearance of fraud in Boston,
and, having dwelt on the enormity of the action,
he imputed to New York and Philadelphia the
same offence. 1 am not acquainted with the mer-
cantile and revenue affairs of New' Yoik, but i do
comprehend those of Philadelphia; and 1 ask the
honorable gentlemen whether he has any proof of
such misconduct, in that district?
Mr. BAYLY said, that as it existed in Boston
he inferred that it did in Philadelphia also.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman 4s wrong.
I speak for Philadelphia only; and 1 say, now, ihat
the out door officers of the cuaoms have enough
to do to take chaige of the vessels that come to
us port.
1 regiet, Mr. Chairman, that the few minutes
allowed me to explain my amendment will not
permit me to go into the merits ol the question, as
it has been argued. 1 am pieuared to do it, and
desire the opportunity. But 1 must content my-
self now with spnngmg from headland to head-
land, as the honorable gentleman" from Virginia
did when he measured the coast of the couuuy, and
must use some future opportunity to follow him
into the streams, midland*, and shorelands of the
case.
Mr. Chairman, this bill, and the arguments or
those who support it, go to the destruction of
the revenue service, and may be fairly regarded
as not only an encouragement, but an invitation to
smuggling. Su, there are for the-custom-house
of Philadelphia only forty-six day inspector,—
(there were so many, 1 mean, before the recent
dismissal took place;) and of these seven (7) are
