1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
' The question being, "Shall the main question
be now put?"
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GORMAN. I now move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. ROOT. I call for the yeas and nays upon
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GORMAN called for the reading of tne
resolution.
The resolution was read.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the resQlution on the table— ^ .
Mr. SCHENCK wished to make an inquiry of
the Chair, whether, if the whole subject were laid
on the table, the Delegate would not be left out.
The SPEAKER replied, that, in the opinion of
the Chair, ho would be. The motion to lay the
resolution on the table, carried the whole subject
Mr. DUER. Did I not understand the Chair
the other day to say, that wheie the reading of a
paper was called for, and objected to, it might be
read by a vote of the House, although the pre- (
vious question had been demanded ? If so, I ask
whether the decision of the Chair does not apply
' to such a paper as I desire to offer?
Mr. INGE. Has not the call commenced ?
The SPEAKER. No gentleman has answered.
The CHAIR would state that he held the olher
~ d4y, where a paper was proposed, though not in
Older, as an amendment at that time, that as it
mio-ht be at a subsequent stage of the proceedings,
it was in order to have a vote of the House upon
its being read. That decision, in the opinion of
the Chair, applies to the paper presented by the
gentleman from New York; and the paper of the
gentleman from New York can, under the ortlet
of the House, be read.
Mr. CUNGMAN. I appeal again from the
decision of the Chair. 1 do not understand while
debate 
Mr. DUER. Is the appeal debatable.'
The SPEAKER. It is not. _
Mr. INGE. I would like to ask of the Chair,
does the Chair decide, where a paper is admitted
not to be in order, that it is competent for a mem-
ber to offer to introduce it, and if another member
objects, that the Speaker is then to propound the
question to the House, whether the paper, confess-
edly not coming within the rules, shall be read ?
The SPEAKER. The decision made the other
day is, that where a member rises and asks that
an amendment, in connection with the subject
under consideration, may be read for infoimation
to the House, and objection is made, a majority of
the House may order it to be read for information.
Mr. lNGii. Well, that will abrogate all the
rules of the House. .
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand us the judgment of the
committee?
Mr. INGE asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURT desired to know whether a motion
had not been made to lay the whole subject on
the table ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion has been
made.
Mr. BURT. Then in what event can the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York be in order?
The SPEAKER. The House may not lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. TOOMBS asked what rule of the House it
■was that gave this question of reading precedence
over both the previous question and the motion
to lay on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair bases his decision
upon the rule of the House. Where the reading
of a paper is called for, it may be propounded to
the House, in case it is an amendment which con-
nects itself with the subject before the House,
though it may not at the time be ih order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask whether it must riot con-
nect itself with the question under consideration '
The SPEAKER. That is the point made by
the gentleman from North Carolina—that it must
be m order at the time. If it was in order, it
could not be objected to under any circumstances.
Mr. iNGE. I beg to ask how this House can
know whether it connects itself with the subject?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York proposes to offer an amendment, stating that
il 1a an amendment which is relevant, and asks
that it be read for information. The House can-
not know whether it is relevant or not until it is
read for information.
Mr. JONES. Will not the reading of this
paper be in effect an argument why the subject
should not be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHMUN asked for the reading of the
rule.
It was read, as follows:
" When the reading of a paper is called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House."
His object (said Mr. A.) was merely to ask
whether this rule did not apply to papers already
in the possession of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?" The yeas and nays are asked.
The question on ordering the yeas and nays
was taken, and
The SPEAKER announced—ayes 29, and that
(unless a division was called for) the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. INGE called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo and
Duncan were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 36. A count of the negative was
not insisted upon.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CROWELL. Will the Chair please to state
the point of order decided by the Chair from
which an appeal has been taken, so that we can
vote as undertandingiy ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the point of order, at the request of the gentleman
from Ohio. The gentleman from New York rose,
and asked that an amendment, which he proposes
to offer to the resolution, in the event that the
resolution is not laid upon the table, and that in
the fature progress of the question an amendment
may be in order—may be 1'ead for information to
the House. It is objected to by a member of the
House, upon the ground that no paper can be read
under the rule of the House, which is not at the
time in the possession of the House. That is the
point made, as it is understood by the Chair.
The Chair has ruled, in conformity with the de-
cision made a few days since and sustained by
the House—that where a gentleman rises and
states that the paper he proposes to offer is an
amendment relevant to the subject under con-
sideration, though it is not in order to be offered
at the time, the House can by a majority direct
the paper to be read.
Mr. BAYLY. After the previous question is
seconded, can any amendment whatever be
offered ?  
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stateu that
there cannot be. The House may by reconsidera-
tion bring the resolution back before the House,
m such a position that it will be open to amend-
ment.
And the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" was
then taken, and resulted—yeas 84, nays 103; as
follow:
YEAH—Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, tfokco, Booth, Bowie, Bunows,
Cluster Butler, Thonia-* B. Bullet, Joseph Cable, Calvm,
Campbell, Oartter, Chandler, Clatku, C:>le, Conrad, Corwin,
Crowell, Dickey, Dtinmick, Doty. Duncan, I)uik«e, Nathan
Evans, Fitch, fowler, Fteedky, Gentry, Guiding. Gilmore,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Hall, Ilalloway, Havmond, Hebaid,
I-Jenry. Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Huntei, William T. Jack-
son, Julian, Kerr, James G. Kins, John A. King, Mc-
Gaughey, McICisaock, Moacham, Moore, Morris, Nelson,
Nevv ;ll, Oldf,Otis, Outlaw,Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Reed,
Ridley, Robbing, Rum.-ey, richermtnhorn, Sprague, Thad-
rttevejifs, Stetson, Swf.etser, Taylor, Thu-m.in, Tuck,
Underbill, Waldo, Wentworth, Wiidnck, Wiluiot, Wood,
I i and Young— 84.
j' NAYS)—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Ashmun, Av-
II erott, Baylv, Bocock, Boivdon, Boyd, Breuk, Brooks?, Wil-
| 1mm J. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell, Georsp A. Caldwell, Jo-
i seph P. Caldwell, Chnsman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colrock,
'I Conger, Daniel, Debeiry, Dixon, Dunham, EJmuudsoti,
|| Alexander Evans, Ewmg, FentiiojStou, G^rry, Goiman,
jj Gieen. Gnnnell, Hamilton, Hammond, Haial^on, T^liam G.
!j Hnnis, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Hilliard,
IloJladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Jo&eph W-
11 Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
i Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, George G. King, Piston King,
'■ La Sere, Leffler, LtUlt'ftekl, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mar-
I s-hall. Mason, Matron, MeClernand, McDowell, Robert M.
i McLane, Fims E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, McWil-
i lie, Meade, Mtllson, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Ogle, Orr,
1 Owen, Parker, Peck, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Root,
Rose, Ro*s, Savage, Sawtelle, Sehenck, Schoolcraft, Sed-
don, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid H. Sranwn,
Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Thomas, Toombs, Verw -
hle, WaMen, Wallace, Watktns, Wellborn, White, Wil,
liams, Winthrop, and Woodward—103.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
And the House decided that the paper should
?io;beread.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Gorman, that the whole subject be laid upon
the table.
On this motion the yeas and nays had hereto-
fore been ordered.
And the question, " Shall the whole subject be
laid upon the table?" was then taken, and result-
ed—yeas 105, nays 94; as follow:
VEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bocock, Bow don, Bowie, Bojd, Breck, Albert G Blown,
William J- Brown, Buel, Burt, E. C. Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cluigtnan, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Conrad, l>aniel, Deb< rry, Dimmick,
Dunham, EdmumKon, Alexander Evans, Jawing, Featlier-
ston, Gerry, Gorman, Gieen, IJ.tll, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, IshamG. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thon>ra  L.
Harris, Baymond, Hibbard, Billiard, Hollad.iy, Holmes,
Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, J,lines L Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, La Seie, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, McUlernand, McDowell, Kobert M. Mc-
Lane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie,
Meade, Millei, Million, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Orr,
Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Pcaslee, Phelps, Powell, Richard,
son, JRobbuis, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Sliepperd,
Frederick 1'. Stanton, Iiichard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Waldeti, Waldo, Wallace, Watkms, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Woodward, and Young—
105.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Ashmun,
Cole, Conger, Oorwiit, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Doty,
Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Natoan Evans, Fitch, Fowlet,
Fieedley, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Harlan, Hebard, Heniy, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunt'er, William T. Jackson, Julian, George G.
Km", James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Hoiacc
Mann Matteson, McG.iu-ihey, McKlssock, Meachdm,
Moore, Moms, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peck,
Phcenix, Pitman, Poster, Reed, ltisley, Robinson, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Schenek, Soherinerhorn, Scliooleralt,
Spaulding, Sprague, Til iddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweeter,
Taylor, Thurinan, Tuck, Undeihill, Wentworth, White,
Wllinot, Wiritbrop, and Wood—94.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
[Mr. McDonald, when his name was callcd^
staled that he had paired off with his colleague,
Mr. Albertson, who was detained from the
House by indisposition. The two votes would
have neutralized each other.]
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution had been laid on the table,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced 27 in favor of oideiing the yeas and nays,
and stated that, in the opinion of the Chair, the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CARTTER asked for tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris, of
Tennessee, and Duncan, were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 38, noes 122.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 103, nays 93; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Avereit, Bajly,
Bocock, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie, Bo\d, Bieck, Albert G.
Brown, William J- Blown, Buel, Burt, E. Cairington Cab-
ell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Ulingnijiii,
Williamson II. W. Cobb, Colcot k, Com ad, Daniel, Deberry,
Diminick, Edmundson, Alexander Evans, Evvilig, Peathei-
ston, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, HaraLon,
Harmanson, isluin G. Harris, Sampson W. Hairis, Hay-
mond, fliljhaui, Hillmrd, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hub-
baid, Snge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Kobert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Keir,
La Sere, Letlier, LittleflUd, Job Mann, Marshall, Mas™,
MeCIernaiid, McDowell, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
Millson, Morehead, Morse, Morion, Orr, Outlaw, Oiven,
Parker Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Rots, Stvage,
Sawtel'le Seddon, Shepperd, Fredtnck P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Thomas, James
Thompson Toombs, Venable, W.tlclen, VVdldo, Wdliace,
W.ukms, * Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wiidnck, Williams,
Woodward, and Young—103.
 Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Aslirrmn,
Bennett, Bingham, Bi-scJi, Booth, Bngg-s, Brooks, Bur-
rows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler. Joseph Cable,
Campbell, Carlter, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole,
Conger, Corwm, 'Croweil, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duer,
Duncan, Durlcee, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Pieedlt-y,
Gentry, Gidding-, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
nell, Halloway, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hebaid, Henry,
Houston, Howe, liunter, William T. Jackson, Julian,
George G. King, J.nnes G. Kuig, John A. luug, Pieston
