1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
King, Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock,
Meacham, Moore, Moms, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds,
Otis, Pca-^lee, Phcemx, Pitman, Potter, Reed, JRisIey,
Rolnnson, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck, Sehermerborn,
Schoolcraft, SpauUting, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Stet-
son, Sweetsur, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Went-
worth, White, Wilmot, Wmthrop, and Wood—93.
So the motion to leconsider was laid on the
table, and the whole subject was disposed of fey
being laid on the table.
Mr. MEADE asked leave to report from the
Committee on the Judiciary, and have put upon
its passage, a resolution from the Senate, (the pur-
port of which was not stated.)
Mr. ASEiMUN inquired what was the regular
order of business?
The SPEAKER replied, that the regular order
was the call of committees for reports.
Mr. ASHMUN objected to the reception of the
report.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole House, upon the private
calendar.
DESERET.
Mr. STRONG. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state oQthe Union, to
take up the special order—the report of the Com-
mittee, on Elections upon the application of the
Delegate from Deseret to be admitted to a seat in
this House.
The SPEAKER stated that, it being a special
order, in the opinion of the Chair the latter mo-
tion took precedence.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, inquired what
was the special order?
The SPEAKER replied as above stated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If these propo-
sitions are voted down, and the committees are
called for reports during the morning hour, will it
not then be in order to move to proceed to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively.
The question being on the motion of Mr.
Strong—
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
Mr. DANIEL asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered,and Mr. Richardson, and
Mr. King, of Rhode Island, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 100,
The v^te was given up by the noes, without a
count.
UTAH, (OR DESERET.)
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McLane,
of Maryland, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, beingthe report
of the Committee on Elections on the memorial of
A. W. Babbit, Esq., praying admission to a seat
on this floor as Delegate from the Territory of
Deseret.
Mr. STRONG, chairman of the Committee on
Elections, was entitled to the floor, and took it.
He did not suppose, he said, that the disposi-
tion of the resolution submitted by the Committee
on Elections, and which was now before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
its consideration, would occupy the attention of
the committee more than a very short time. It
was not his intention to discuss the matter at any
length, unless, as he did not anticipate, serious
objection should be made to the adoption of the
resolution reported by the Committee on Elections.
The report which the committee submitted was a
unanimous report. There was no difference of
opinion among the members of the committee in
regard to the conclusion at which they had arrived.
But inasmuch as it was some time since the
House or the committee had had its attention
called to the case, and as the report of the com-
mittee was not long, he would ask that the Clerk
might read it, and thus save him (Mr. S.) the labor
of extending his remarks.
The Clerk read the report.
The following is the resolution which the com-
mittee recommend for the adoption of the House:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to admit Almon W. Bab-
bit, E-q., to a *eat in this body as a Delegate from the al-
leged State of Deseret.
Mr STRONG then continued. He proposed,
he said, to say only a few words in relation to
this case, and he should not be induced to depart
from that intention, unless it might become requi-
site for him to reply to objections taken to the re-
port of the committee. He had already stated
| that that report was unanimously made. There
| was no minority report. He would not occupy
| the time of the committee by recapitulatingithe
facts stated in the report of the committee. It
would be found on reference to that document,
that, with the exception of the difficulty arising
out of the question of boundary, the objections
which had been urged against the admission of
the Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico
applied in all their force to the case of the Delegate
from the Territory of Deseret. But there was one
additional consideration, to which he desired to
call the attention of gentlemen, which had had
^reat effect upon the minds of the Committee on
Elections. A State had been formed out of the
Territory of Deseret. The people of that Terri-
tory had formed a provisional State government.
They had elected a Legislature. That Legislature
had assembled, and had elected Mr. Babbit as a
Delegate to Washington. But the same Legisla-
ture which had elected him, sent with him a me-
morial to be presented here, which had-been
already presented, and referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and which, he presumed, was
now before that committee. In that memorial,
the Legislature asked, first, that the State of Des-
eret might be admitted into the Union upon an
equal footing with the other States. In the sec-
ond place, they asked that, if Congress declined to
admit Deseret as a State upon an equal footing
with other States of the Union, Congress would
grant them some form of territorial government.
The memorial then went on to ask, that when
Congress should have provided some form of
government for the Territory, whether by admis-
sion as a State or by furnishing them with a tern-
tonal government, then that Mr. Babbit might be
admitted to a seat upon the floor of the House of
Representatives.
It would be observed that the constituency
of Mr. Babbit—those by whom he had been
elected—those who confided to him the trust with
which he was charged, did not ask that he might
be received on this floor until Congress should
have given some form of government to that Ter-
ritory. When, therefore, Mr. Babbit came here
and asked the House to admit him to a seat on
this floor, he asked for that which the legisla-
tive constituency who sent him here had not
asked. On the contrary, they asked that he should
be received after a form of government should
have been established, and not before.
I presume, (continued Mr. S.) indeed I know,
that this consideration alone was conclusive
in the minds of all the members of the Committee
on Elections, as I suppose it will be in the minds
of the members of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of (he Union, whom I am now ad-
dressing. I hold in my hand the report of the
Committee on Elections, and if gentlemen will
give me their attention for a single moment, I will
read a short extract from the memorial of the
Provisional Legislature of Deseret—that Legisla-
ture which elected Mr. Babbir. The conclusion
of the memorial is in the following words:
« Your memorialists, therefore, ask 5our honorable body
to favorablv consider tneir interests; and, If consistent with
the constitution and usages of the Federal Government,
that the constitution accompanying this memorial be rati-
fied, and that the State of Deseret be admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the other States ; or Mich
other form of civil government as your wisdom and mag-
nanimity may awaid to the people of Dp^eret; and, upon
the adoption of anv form of jroverninent heie, flint their
Delegate be received, and th«Mr interest* properly and faith-
fully represented in the Congie^sot the United States.'5
It will thus be seen, (continued Mr. S.,) that I
have fairly stated the substance of the memorial
which the legislative constituency of Mr. Babbit
addressed to this body, and that they did not
ask that we should receive him as a Delegate from
them, until some form of government should
have been awarded to them; that they did not
send Mr. Babbit here for the purpose of having a
seat on this floor, until such government should
have been provided for the Territory as Congress,
in its wisdom and patriotism, might think proper.
In the present state of the case, I do not pro-
pose to say anything more, and if no gentleman
1 desires to speak, I will move that the commute rise
[ and report the resolution to the House.
I Mr. McDONALD desired, he said, to offer an
amendment to the resolution reported by the"Com-
mittee on Elections.
The amendment was read,as follows:
" That Almon W. Babbit be admitted to a seat in the
House of Representatives of the United States, -as a Dele-
gate from the Territory of Deseret, for the present Con-
2ss."
The amendment having been read-
Mr. McDONALD said, that he did not4esire
to enter at any length into the discussion'-of this
question, but merely t<j submit one or two obser-
vations, growing out of the previous action of the
House, as applicable to the case now under con-
sideration. The chairman of the Committee on
Elections, [Mr. Strong,] who had just concluded
his remarks, seemed to suppose that there wero
reasons existing in the case of the Territory of
Deseret, which more imperatively called upon thin
House to reject her application, than existed in the
case of the application which had just been deci-
ded from the Territory of New Mexico.
Now, (continued Mr. McD.,) I was in favor of
the admission of the Delegate from New Mexico
to a seat on this floor, believing that it is a matter
which addressed itself to the sound discretion of
this House, to admit at anytime a Delegate to
represent a class of people who have no ether rep-
resentative here; not for the purpose of being a
representative, in the general sense of ths terra,
but for the purpose of furnishing to the Ho&se
any information which may be required pertain-
ing to the interests of that particular people; I
think it was most clearly for the interest of th 
people of New Mexico, that they should havs
had such a representative here, and I believe that
Congress could have acted much more intelligently
and satisfactorily upon questions relating to tha«
Territory, if aided by the information to be de-
rived from such an accredited agent, than they could
act without it. The House, however, entertained
a different opinion. Many reasons were urged
against the admission of her Delegate—ths ma 8
forcible of which was, that New Mexico had no
political organization. That was an objection
which could not apply to the ease of Deseret.
The people of that Territory had provided a State
government—a political organization. They were
unquestionably citizens of the United States, and
their interests should be promoted here by the
admission of an accredited agent, capable of fur-
nishing any information which might be required.
Where is Deseret, and what are our means of
information in relation to her? it is a Territory
situated in the central portion of California, almost
one thousand miles from any organized govern-
ment, except its own; and 1 understand that such
are the difficulties of communication with the
country that it was not until the lapse of eight
months after the presidential election, that her
people knew who had been chosen President of
the United States. How, then, is it possible for
members of Congress from different portions of the
ITnion to understand the peculiar interests of a
people so remote and isolated ?
But the chairman of the Committee on Elec-
tions says, that because Deseret has adopted a
State Constitution, therefore we must not admit
her Delegate, lest, thereby, we adopt her consti-
tution also. Does the gentleman believe that the
House of Representatives can admit a State into the
Union? Can we, by a resolution of the House,
admit a State into the Confederacy? Surely not.
We cannot, then, so recognize the political institu-
tions which these people have formed as to give
them more force or effect than attaches to them at
this time. Nor do we, by the simple admission
of a Delegate here to represent the wishes of that
people, adopt, or recognize any political organiza-
tion established by themselves.
Further than that: From the memorial of ib«
Legislature of Deseret which has been read, and
from the report of the Committee on Elections,
it seems that these people have acted with great
forbearance, prudence, and moderation. For the
purpose of self-protection, tbe„y formed a State
government; and they call upon the Congress of
the United States, either to give them a State gov-
ernment, or to form such other organic laor
regulations as Congress in its wisdom may thinfe
proper. It is true they did not expect their Dele-
gate to take his seat until some form of gov-
ernment had been furnished. But could they have
believed that Congress would have remained g-ven
months in sessioo. and that the Question of t""5''
organization would not, during that 1 o )g i erioa,
