320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8.
iverv
wa^ffade to their reception, and the motion was
laid upon the table.
The same Senator (myself) presented several
Betitions from inhabitants of Pennsylvania and
Delaware, praying Congress to take such meas-
ures as would effect a change in the laws, so as to
abolish slavery throughout the Union. That pe-
tition shared the same fate.
The Journal then reads as follows:
"Mr. Haxc presented eight petitions from inhabitants of
Pennsylvania praying lor the adoption of a measure for the
peaceful dissolution of the Union.
(i Ordered, That they he on the table."
I find, sir, upon the very next page the yeas and
nays were taken, and the delegation from Illinois
was full at the time. So that two years ago, pe-
titions asking precisely the same action on the
part of the Senate were received and laid upon the
table, and were not then considered such alarming
matters as ihey are now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] allow me to
ask him whether this is not the fact in regard to
that petition, that it was received before the na-
ture of the petition was known, and, being re-
ceived, the only mode to get rid of it was to lay
it instantly on the table?
Mr. HALE. Well, sir* I can answer the Sen-
ator that that was not the case. I never presented
a petition to the Senate without explaining the
purport of it fully, and generally in a prettv aud-
ible tone of voice. I have generally no difficulty
in making myself heard. The record does not
say so. There were no yeas and nays taken on
the question, but on my own motion the petitions
were laid on the table, because I did not know
to what committee they appropriately belonged.
This petition 1 propose to refer to the Committee
on Territories, because one of the contingencies
on which a dissolution is to take place is, if we
adopt the measure which the Committee on Teni-
tories reported last session, and may propose again
this session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You had better not send it
to the Committee on the Territories, for I hope
there is no man on that committee in favor of a
dissolution of the Union, either peaceably or for-
cibly.
Mr. DAWSON". The question of slavery,
Mr. President, I will not now enter into, 1 wish
to ask some questions of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire. Does he recognize the
power in the Congress of the United States to
peaceably or forcibly dissolve this Union ? Is it
hi* desire to lay the foundation for the commence-
ment of such a process ? Does he feel himself as
a patriot, as a Senator representing one of the
sovereign States of this Lbnon, called upon to pie-
sent that tremendous question in this body ? If he
believes that Congress has that power, then let
that petition be received; or if the honorable Sen-
ator is instructed by his constituency to make the
effort, then let it be received. Why are we con-
stantly nruated here by the presentation of peti-
tions of this) kind, upon which he knows that there
can be no action on the part of Congress? is it
for the purpose of irritating one section of this
country? or is it to gratify the feelings of those
who are said to be fanatics upon this subject? If
it be neither of these motives, why, sir, disturb
the peare and harmony of this Union, and the
legitimate business of this body, by the presenta-
tion of such petitions ? Is it to gratify a personal
feeling? or what object is there in it?
This question about the Union is one that I am
not go my; now to discuss. If gentlemen have in-
ward feelings driving them into an attempt to dis-
solve (his Union, they had better'not express those
feelings here, if they do, let it be upon an occa-
sion when the voice of this body can be constitu-
tionally expiessed. 1 have made up my mind
upon no question of this kind to discuss any grave
constitutional question; but I do think it is due to
the country,- due to this Union—North and South,
East and West—that they be told what are the
motives of gentlemen in piesentmg such petitions.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Sturgeon,] knowing the constitutional objections
existing against the exeici.se of such power by this
body, like a patriot und Senator, refused to pre-
sent those petitions? from his own State, to harass,
iirilate, and perplex this body; and they find no
avenue through him, and only through Senators
from other States. I ask the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire if he knows the feelings of
the people of Pennsylvania upon this subject? and
I ask him if it becomes him as a Senator to be re-
ceiving every petition from persons unknown to
him, to be presented to this body—petitions un-
certain in their character often, and leading to' no
good ?
Now, sir, when the gentleman places himself in
a position to be the mere avenue of irritation—the
mere source from which everything calculated to
perplex this body shall come—it is a constitution-
al right he has to present them, and it is also a
constitutional right we have to say to him, under
the powers delegated to us as Senators, that we
are not that body that has been designated to dis-
solve this Union, and that we areabody who, rep-
resenting the sovereignty of these States, should
let that feeling go before the Union; but with us
here no such efforts can find favor.
But, I repeat, 4 do not intend to discuss that
question. If the feelings of this country are of
such a character as to urge any portion of this peo-
ple to believe that they are improperly linked to-
gether by this constitution, then, if the proper ap-
plication is made to dissolve this connexion, we
will hear it; but here in this body, i say again,
let it not prevail. Peaceably it can never be done
—forcibly would be a degradation. The gentle-
man knows that all his efforts tend to the exercise
of no constitutional power, but probably to a for-
cible revolution, commencing either in this body
or in the other. But yet the people abroad, know-
ing that Congress has no power to dissolve the
Union, are led to believe that gentlemen are lead-
ing on, step by step, to bring us to a state of revo-
lution. Can it be viewed in any other light? And
yet we are to sit here from day to day and see
these agitations brought, as the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania says, by spurious papers into
this body. What I regret is, that there should be
ears willing or hands prepared to receive these pa-
peis thus calculated to disturb, and present them
here. Why, sir, if I weie, as a southern man, to
present such petitions fiom my section of the
Union, I should be denounced from one end of the
country to the other as a traitor to the Constitu-
tion, and designing to dissolve the Union, which
has been cemented by the blood of those more
worthy than we are. Yet it is here done day after
day, hour after hour; and if a southern man says
a word he is denounced. To whom do they re-
fer? Who are they to operate upon? Are they
intended to operate upon the section of country
that gave them bmh ? Is it not the design to de-
stroy our political arid constitutional lights, and to
degrade our equality and personal position in this
tepubite? The*e are personal questions which all
should look at; but the exercise of constitutional
power here ought to be re&pected, and the Senate
ought to put down such attempts. Should the
Senator do what he would not dare to do in his
own private character—that which, as I know,
that gentleman's feelings would not permit him to
do? Hence I say that it is wrong, radically
wrong, to allow himself to be made a mere instru-
ment in the hands of designing men, to present
memorials either to divide the Union or to divide
any portion of this Union, when he knows it can
lead to no constitutional action.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I would have
been gratified if a little of this admonition had been
called forth on some other occasion. I have sat
here during this session, and I have heard this
Union not only threatened, but its dissolution an-
nounced. I sat yesteiday and heard the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] say, m ref-
erence to a course of legislation which he well
knew had been adopted by Congress within the
last two years, that if it was peioisted in, he and
others had placed themselves in a position of re-
sistance to it, m which they would defend them-
selves at every hazard. 1 have heard it again and
again declared by Senators coming from another
section of the Urjion, that if Congiess should adopt
certain measures they would not submit, but would
resist them at every hazard. Such declarations
called forth no rebuke. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] sat in his seat as quietly as I did; I
but now some people who do not hold exactly to
that mode of (Juing business, who do not come
here threatening and denouncing the Union, be-
lieving that Senators are in earnest in their threats,
ask us to do it peaceably, as they are non-resist-
j ant; and all this indignation is worked up and
| poured ant on my head. The Senate is called upon
| to put me down, and an appeal is made to know
! why the Senator dared to present such a petition.
| Sir, 1 dare walk up to the line of my constitutional
j duty, as I understand it. I dare do everything
j that I believe to be constitutional, and the Sen-
j ate cannot put me down until they resolve to put
j down the constitutional privileges of the State
which I in part represent here. So far as I under-
stand those rights and privileges I will exercise and
defend them, and when I cannot defend them so
far, I will no longer disgrace the seat I occupy, or
the constituency who sent me here, but I will go
home and tell them I had not the courage to
vindicate the constitutional privileges which they
sent me here to maintain. So far as my course
is concerned, and I must judge of it for my-
self within the line of constitutional duty, I
must counsel according to the light God has given
me and the convictions of my own understanding.
I will go neither to the North nor the South for
counsel, but when in the exercise of my duty I
transgress any of the rules of this body, any privi-
leges of anybody else, or any of the requirements
of the Constitution, I shall submit to anything
| which the Senate, in the exercise of its power, and
j in the vindication of its dignity, may see lit to offer.
' So much in relation to that.
In regard to this petition, Isee nothing irritating
or insulting m it. We have to hear every day
from the other side of the chamber very different
language from this petition. It has nothing to do
with any action in reference to slavery—it asks
that Congress shall propose immediate measures
for the peaceable dissolution of the Union. And
let me say, that if the argument set forth by the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] to-day, and
by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
yesterday, is to be the rule by which the good peo-
ple of the United States are to be measured, then
the right of petition is not worth anything, for it
amounts to nothing. Those Senators put it on
the ground that I have no right to present a pe-
tition here for action upon a subject upon which I
believed Congress had no power to act. That is
not my business—not at ail. It is for the people
to judge as to what they shall petition for, and
when the time comes for action, then I have the
right to judge as to what is the power of Con-
gress to grant their prayer. The people who pe-
tition have the right to judge also whether Con-
gress has a right to act, and then when the sub-
ject is before us we have the right to judge and
decide on the propriety and power of Congress to
act.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
yesterday advanced a doctiine which he advanced
a year ago; which I was sorry to hear repeated by
him, for I was sorry that a mind so discriminating
as his should entertain an erroneous opinion so
long. That is, if a petition asks for action which
has no reference to my person or property, I have
no right to present it. Sir, that would exclude
nine-tenths of all the petitions presented here.
Why, the greater number of petitioners here, ask-
ing for the abolition of corpotal punishment in
the navy, according to this argument, would be
excluded, for they would have no right to petition
if they had not leceived the lash on their backs.
So in regard to the petitions for the abolition of
the grog rations—nobody would have a right to
petition except those subject to that discipline. If
you take the two restrictions laid down by the
Senators from Kentucky and Georgia, and have
a committee to sift these petitions, you would ex-
clude ninety-nine hundredths of the petitions pre-
sented here, because in the first placc every Sen-
ator who presents a petition must believe in the
right of Congress to grant the prayer, and m the
next place, if he has no direct interest in the sub-
ject of the petition, he has no right to present it.
And thus the right of petition would be narrowed
down and whittled away to a mere nothing.
I have nothing more to say, and I hope the
question will be at once taken. I hope the peti-
tion will be disposed of in the usual way and laid
on the table, though I will not make the motion
to do it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 wish to make a remark
simply in reply to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale.] In laying down the principle
which 1 did yesterday, and which was but the re-
assertion of a principle which I have for years
