1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
Mr. WOODWARD resumed and concluded his
remarks, as above.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose and said, he
would not speak upon this question but for the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Gentry.] With what had been uttered
by that gentleman regarding the right of every
people to representation, heentirely agreed. That
principle of representation lies at the foundation
of our Government, and it is due to the people of
the Territories of the United States, to the people
of New Mexico, to the people of California, to
the people of Utah, that their rights and interests
should be represented here. And it is because it
might be inferred from the remarks of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] that those
who voted in the affirmative to lay upon the table
the resolution declaring that it is inexpedient to
admit Mr. Smith, were opposed to giving govern-
ment and representation to the people of New
Mexico, that he now made these remarks.
Whatever might be the views of other gentle-
men, for himself he declared that he had been gov-
erned, in giving his vote, not only by no such
motive, but by one entirely the contrary. He
believed that the speediest method of giving gov-
ernment to these people was to refrain at this mo-
ment from any proceeding calculated to offend the
opinions or sensibilities of any portion of the peo-
ple of any part of the country, while a great meas-
ure was pending, providing, among other things,
for the establishment of a territorial organization
for New Mexico. That measure must very soon
come before this House for its consideration, and
he trusted that it might receive such a support as
would secure its adoption. This, then, he thought
no lime, by hasty and inconsiderate action, to
peril the permanent welfare of the very people
whose good we had at heart.
That the one hundred thousand people of New
Mexico, who for much more than a century had
enjoyed the forms of civil government, were still
entitled to all the privileges which were the right
of every American citizen, he thought a proposi-
tion so plain, upon the very face of it, that it re-
quired no argument for its support; and the right
to be represented, without which none of those
privileges could be secured, he was for according
to these people; but he considered that person the
best friend of New Mexico who, in the surest
practical way, set about the attainment of his ob-
ject; and the best judgment he could form was,
that it was better to give a government, a constitu-
tion and laws, to New Mexico, and let Mr. Smith,
for whom he entertained the most friendly feel-
ings, wait for a few weeks, than it was immedi-
ately to admit him, (which, in fact, gave to the
people no government, other or more than they
have now,) and thus peril the adoption of that con-
stitution and those laws; for, in his opinion, it did
put them in peril.
Though these people have the right of repre-
sentation, yet it is a matter of discretion with us
at what time that right shall be exercised, and
whether immediately, or at the lapse of some pru-
dent interval, which is to be determined by all the
circumstances of the case. He, for one, would never
consent to postpone for any very considerable pe-
riod the enjoyment of the privilege of.representa-
tion; and it was only because he thought " the
longest way round, in this instance, the shortest
way home" that he had given an affirmative vote.
Neither would he consider a negative vote as
trenching upon the rights of Texas; such a vote
was no expression of opinion upon the question of
boundary; and even if it were, he would not feel as
much repugnance at giving it, if it were necessary,
as some other gentlemen at the South might. He
believed, that with whatever ability the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Howard] might represent his
district, (and he was sure every one would accord
to that gentleman the possession of ability;) yet no
one, not even that gentleman, would pretend that
he at all represented the sentiment or opinion of
New Mexico; and as he did not, it was fair that
they should have here some one who did. And m
proper season, and when it can be done without
periling the peace and harmony of the country,
and actually delaying the enjoyment of good gov-
ernment by New Mexico, he was vvilling ana de-
sirous to accord to her a representative.
When he declared that he was in favor of set-
tling the unfortunate difficulties which embarrass
the country, he spoke the sentiment of his heart;
and he earnestly desired the passage of the bill
now pending in the Senate, as the most likely
method to rid us of the harassing questions which
disturb our quiet, and peril our peace. This meas-
ure seemed the most practical, and, indeed, the
only one from which we could hope anything at
this session of Congress. It would give New
Mexico not only a Delegate without constitution
or laws, but a Delegate and constitution and laws;
and that so speedily, if we set ourselves earnestly
about its consideration and adoption, that the little
delay which a refusal to admit a Delegate to-day,
gives to her right of representation, was a matter
of the most inconsiderable importance; more es-
pecially as that delay secures laws and a constitu-
tion, while the admission of to-day provides for
neither.
That bill does more: it provides for the admis-
sion of California—an admission which he (Mr.
E.) sincerely desired, and, in his judgment, it pre-
sented the speediest means for her admission into
the Confederacy.
In his opinion, there were persons—the pretend-
ed friends of California—not, to be sure, in this
House or the other, who really at heart desired her
exclusion for the sake of the capital which might
be made by that exclusion; they did not seek the
best practical means of bringing her into the
Union, but they endeavored, after a method of
apparent speed, but real delay, which, in all prob-
ability would end in preventing the admission of
that State, and thus enable them to fan the flames
of faction, and of discord, and secure for them-
selves all that strength which the refusal to admit
a State into the Confederacy must infallibly give
them in the northern States, if the Representa-
tives of southern States shall suffer themselves to
be placed in a false position on this subject, as
many agitators, no doubt, hope they may.
These pretended friends of California say, that
they are in favor of bringing the present difficul-
ties to a speedy settlement, and of admitting that
State, while every step they take has a tendency
to postpone a settlement, and to exclude Califor-
nia. He was desirous to adopt every practicable
mode for bringing her into the Union. He had
felt assured in his own mind that the admission of
Mr. Smith, as a Delegate from New Mexico,
would have had the effect of delaying any adjust-
ment of the general territorial question, and, with
this conviction, he had voted to lay the resolution
of the Committee on Elections on the table. He
desired to see the sway of the United States ex-
tended in the shape of an organized government
overall the Territories we have aequired from Mex-
ico. He was for giving governments to Utah and
all the new Territories. He was at all times ready
to rebuke the opposite doctrine; and he trusted
that all those who sincerely desired the admission
of California and the Territories, would take the
plain course to reach that end.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he had
taken no part in the debates on the question of ad-
mitting the Delegate from New Mexico, nor did
he intend to participate in this discussion at any
great length.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr,
Gentry,] had announced the principle which had
governed his vote in favor of Mr. Smith, as a
Delegate from New Mexico, and had informed us
that he should govern himself by the same princi-
ple in voting for Mr. Babbit, the Delegate from
Deseret. To the correctness of the honorable
gentleman's theory, Mr. B. made no sort of ob-
jection, and if the theory was applicable to the
matter in hand, he should be found voting with
the gentleman from Tennessee. _ 1
The honorable gentleman says, it is a part of
the early theory of our Government, that, when-
ever you govern a people, you should grant them
representation. No one could mistake the mean-
ing of the gentleman. He meant to assimi-
late this case to that of our colonial forefathers,
and to assume that, as they complained with jus-
tice of the British Crown for governing them with-
out giving them representation, the people in New
Mexico and Deseret may justly make the same
complaint of us. The colonies were governed.
The Crown sent them governors, secretaries,
judges and tax-gatherers. It required the acts of
I their local legislatures to be sent home for approval.
1 It "overned them with most despotic sway; but
! do°we govern New Mexico and Deseret? How,
i sir, in what manner have we governed these Ter-
ritories? We have steadily refused them all gov-
ernments. The aegis of our' protection has not
been extended over them. We have sent them
neither governors, secretaiies, judges, or tax-gath-
erers. We have taken no cognizance of them, or
of their condition. This state of things ought not
so long to have existed. It was the solemn duty
of Congress to have taken these people under its
care—to have extended over them the shield of the
Constitution—to have given them laws and gov-
ernment. It was a reproach to Congress that all
this had been neglected or refused. He, (Mr. B.,)
took his due share of this general reproach. It
had been the misfortune of himself and of others,
that they could not agree on a form of government
proper to be granted. It had been the misfortune
of the people who were now seeking this informal
admission on the floor of Congress, that these
differences of opinion existed. But were we on
that account to set all precedent at defiance, disre-
gard the law, and trample the principles of the
Constitirtiiwi under foot ? He could not agree to
this. He stood reauy now, as he had stood from
the beginning to vote a proper republican form of
government "to these territories—to fix for them
proper metes and bounds; and this being done, he
should vote for the admission of Delegates from
each.
Mr. B. said he disclaimed all sectional feelings
in the votes he was giving. He had taken ground
against the admission of Mr. Smith when he
avowed himself a zealous pro-slavery advocate.
He based his opposition then, as now, on the
ground that the laws of the United States and the
Constitution had not been extended over the
Territory; that no territorial government had been
established; that nothing had been done which
gave to New Mexico any legal right to have her
Delegate on the floor of Congress. When Mr.
Smith changed his position, and to propitiate cer-
tain influences, he turned Free-Soiler, and pub-
lished a vulgar tirade against the South, he (Mr.
B.) had not changed his position. He voted
against him, as he had originally intended to do.
He should now vote against Mr. Babbit, albeit he
was understood to be at least not unfriendly to the
South.
He could not consent to admit every one to a
seat on this floor who comes here and demands
admission. If the people on Tiger Island should
send us a Delegate, he would vote against him. It
John Ross or Peter Pitchlyn ask admission from
the Choctaws and Cherokees, he would vote
against them. If the hunters and trappers on the
Rocky Mountains should send their Delegate here,
he would vote against him.
In all this proceeding he should govern himself
by no sectional feeling, but by the sternest princi-
ples. W henever Delegates came here, as they had
come in the earlier and better days of the Repub-
lic, from Ohio and Mississippi, from Alabama and
Indiana, from Arkansas and Michigan, and in-
deed, from all the Territories, he should vote to
admit them, and ask no questions as to whether
they or their constituents were for or against sla-
V<?He would not pursue this subject. He had
risen simply to reply to a remark of his friend
from Tennessee. He feared that the popular idea
thatgovernment and representation should go hand
in hand, when propagated by a gentleman so dis-
tinguished as the honorable member from Tennes-
see, and coupled with the question in hand, might
mislead the public mmd. He had, therefore, felt
bound to point out the clear distinction between
the case before us, and the one assumed by the gen-
tleman to exist.
He concluded by repeating that, whenever Del-
egates presented themselves from Territories
formed by the United States, and elected according
to law, he should vote for their admission. Be-
yond this he would not go.
Mr. ROOT then addressed the House for nearly
an hour. He ridiculed, as an absurdity, to talk
about our power to effect the conquest of a coun-
try, or of our want of power to extend laws over
that country after we have acquired it. He re-
plied to some of the positions taken by Mr. Wood-
ward, and other speakers who had preceded nim,
and insisted that the admission of Babbit would
be, in effect, to sanction all the laws and ordinances
which had been enacted by the people of lJeseret.
He then went at large into some political remarks,
referring to the rumored Cabinet appointments,
