1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
July 19,
and predicting the results to which they would
lead. [Mr. Root's speech will appear in the
Appendix.]
Mr. R. haviner concluded,
Mr. VENABLE obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
Tellers on that motion were asked, and Messrs.
SeddoNj and Stevens, of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 59, noes TO.
So the committee refused to rise.
~ Mr. TENABLE said, as he was too unwell
to address the committee this evening, he would
yield the floor to any gentleman who chose to take
it.
Mr. V. resumed his seat.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. DUER obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee for half an hour, partly in correc-
tion of misapprehensions and misreports (not af-
fecting this paper) of opinions heretofore expressed
by hun, and partly m further illustration and en-
forcement of hirf own views touching- the ques-
tion of the admission of Delegates. He yielded
constantly to inquiries and explanations on points
of constitutional and statute law, (which will be
embodied in the report hereafter published.)
Mr. D. having concluded—
Mr. BISSELL obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So she committee rose and reported.
Mr. WILDRiCK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correctly enrolled certain
bills, which received the signature of the Speaker.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 17 cifizrns of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal all laws by
whirii hiavcry or the slave trade it< upheld in the District
ot Columbia.
Al^o, ih« petition of £3 citizens of the same county,
prnyms: Congress to prohibit slavery and the slave trade in
ail the ioniums or the United Suios.
Also, the petinon of y,'j citizens of the same county,
pia.ving Congress to refuse the admission of any moie slave
Starrs.
ANo, the petition of 22 citizens of the same county,
praying Congress to piovide a trial byjur^ tor per&uiis
churned us fugitive ^lavxs.
Hy Mr. CALVIN: Tne petition of Thomas E. Orbesan,
nnd 67 othne, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a mail or po>t-route from llarrisoimlle,
Bedford county, to OjHuntingdon county, Penn-
sylvania.
Alto, the petition of William L. Wilson and 9 others,cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to provide the
means for the transpoitation of all eolored persons to Afnca
de-inng to emigrate thuhcr.
AIm>, the pennon of Dr. Osarles Cobum and 42 others,
ns of Pennsylvania, prajing for the <-airie thing.
By Mr. KING* of Khodr Island: The pennon of H
Sweetlnnd and other-*, citizen* ot Pi.ividenc^, in the Slate
of Kh-nie Jsland, sot a thnng" of the revenue laws, so that
the dutie*, be made «-peeifio, taking a*, the valuation of the
dutiable ait'Cies the awji.igo price at the tune of the pas-
gage of the faiitf of 1^46'.
By All. FOWLER. The petition of Jonathan Bli^s and
140 ottierri, citi^enn oi Anieboio', piaung
for a it vision of the tanfi'lawot and for the protection
of tin domestic interest* oi tins counnv.
* By Mr. SCtJKNCK : Two petitions ot citizen's of Darke
countv, ptaymg Congiess to appropriate means foi removing
a& manv of the black people ol this country as may be ready
and wihiii-: to emigrate to Liberia, m Africa—lor supporting
tb^m one year after their arrival there, and tor giving them
a hountv of land towards such suppoit.
By Air. BAYLY : The petition of sundry citizens of the
counties oi Acemnae and Northampton, and others, praying
for the establishment of <> hght-hou^e on Hog '-land.
15 v Air. CHAVDLER: The memonalof William E. Hor-
ner, AT D-, ami other Prote-'r-ors of the Aledicul depaitint'Ut
ol' the Un.versitv oi Pennsylvania, asl.ing that the grade® of
mcdieal ofhens ot the Navy shall have the same rank
relam ly to offieeis of the hue in the Navy, as correspond-
ing grade-; o! ni.-dieal officii in the Auny now possess rela-
tive to otFcers. of the line m the Army.
Ai .o, the memorial of the Professors of the Medical Col-
lege of ivnn-vlvanin, for the fame purpose.
Also, the memorial of mimeious burgeons and assistant
Sutgeons in the N<uy, for the same object.
IN SENATE.
Fridays My 19, 1850.
Mr. WALKER,. The evening before last I
waa ailed upon by a gentleman delegated by the
Bar of t'-ifi Di-hict of Go'umbia, and presented
with the memorial of twenty-five members of the
bar of this place on the subject of judicial reform
in the District. The memorial is signed by twenty-
five members of the bar, and accompanying it is a
bill. In their memorial they spegk of the bill
which has been introduced into the Senate, and
which is now before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and they suggest the adoption of that bill
with certain amendments which are embodied in
the bill accompanying their memorial and made a
part of it.
The memorial was read. It sets forth that the
subject of judicial reform has for many years -past
occupied and still occupies a great share of the
public attention in this District. At the late mu-
nicipal election held in the city of Washington,
the popular vote was taken on the reform question,
and the returns show that the people are almost
unanimously in favor of it. The memorialists
heartily concur in the popularopimon that judicial
reform is essent'ally necessary to the prosperity
of the District, and state that the present system
is antiquated, cumbersome, and dilatory; that it is
the most expensive system in the United States;
and is besides radically defective in its theory.
The memorialists further state that they have ex-
amined the bill to reorganize the courts now be-
fore the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, and
that in the main it meets with their approbation,
and with certain amendments, which theysuggest,
would be all that is required to meet the public
expectation, and accomplish the important object
to be effected.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. also presented a petition from citizens
of Washington on the same subject, accompanied
by a certified return of the vote of the citizens on
the question of judiciary reform at the late election
for Mayor; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of inhab-
itants of Los Angeles and its vicinity, setting forth
that for want of a port of entry withm that district,
its business and trade labor under the most seri-
ous disadvantages, its growth and settlement are
materially retarded, and great discontent prevails
among the people. The memorialists, who are
very numerous, state that its proximity to the
mining' region has caused it to be substantially
denuded of its laboring population, and hence, al-
though strikingly agricultural in its natural fea-
tures, it has for the last two years been dependent
on a foreign supply for not only a greater propor-
tion of its breadstuffs, but for even the coarser ar-
ticles of peas, beans, oats, barley, &c., which are
usually brought fiom some of the South American
ports, taken to San Francisco, and then reshipped
to San Pedro, from which cause they are subjected
to the most enormous expenses; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of James Ferguson, late first
assistant in the coast survey, asking that the Sec-
letary of the Treasury may be directed to furnish
him with certain information on file in that depart-
ment necessary for disproving a charge of incom-
petency which led to his dismissal from office;
which was refeired to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted documents in rela-
tion to the claim of the heirs of William Scott, a
soidier of the Revolution, for a pension; which was
referred to tJ*e Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Fall River, in Massachusetts, asking an
alteration of the tariff by imposing specific instead
of ad valorem duties; which was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
Also, a memorial from manufacturers and others
engaged in trade, asking an increase of duties on
foreign copper; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Also, the petition of Elipha Putnam, a soldier in
the last war with Great Britain, asking to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
DEPRECIATION OF REVOLUTIONARY PAT.
Mr. CLARKE. I am desired to present to the
Senate the memorial of William Wilkinson and
others, officers and soldiers in the revolutionary
army, and the descendants and heirs of officers and
sol diers in that army, asking Congress to make an
appropriation to pay them for depreciation in the
paper currency in which they were paid during
the revolutionary war.
These memorialists, sir, state that under the f*ct •
of the Continental Congress of 1776, and in obe-
dience to or in conformity with the request made
by George Washington, then commander-in-chief
of the army of the United States, in 1777, they
entered into the army of the United States as a
part of the Rhode Island brigade ; that they served
during the revolutionary war, and that for their
services as soldiers in that army they-were paid in
Continental money', the paper currency of the Con-
tinental Congress, which at that time was almost
worthless; they state that there have been at vari-
ous times acts passed by the Congress of the United
States providing for paying these depreciated bal-
ances, as they are sometimes called, but that they
themselves have never been benefited by or ena-
bled to avail themsflves of such laws. They
state that in 1785 the Legislature of Rhode Island
investigated these balances, and ascertained the
amount of the depreciation which would have
been due to them, and which they claim should be
paid by the Government of the United States, but
in consequence of the pecuniary disability of the
State of Rhode Island fts a State to assume that
debt due these revolutionary soldiers, their claim
was ascertained but not paid, as the State of Rhode
Island, then exhausted by her struggles in the rev-
olutionary war, had nothing to pay them with,
and the Government of the United States at that
time, as we all know,, wa3 embarrassed, and
there was nothing in the Treasury of the United
States in which they could be paid. In the year
1780 the State of Massachusetts ascertained these
depreciated balances that were due to the soldiers
from that State who served in the revolutionary
war, and the State of Massachusetts paid, and the
Government of the United States subsequently re-
paid to her, all that was due in that State. The
memorialists also state that other States have been
paid m like mariner, and they refer particularly to
Virginia, who was paid for similar claims of her
officers and soldiers serving in the revolutionary
war. The memoiialists further state that in 1836
they presented a memorial to the Congress of the
United States, which was referred to a selct com-
mittee in the House of Representatives, and that
committee made a report going in detail into all
the circumstances—taking the basis of the depre-
ciation as ascertained by the State of Rhode Island
—and reported a bill for the payment of these
depreciated balances, but for want of time it was
not passed in one or both Houses of Congress,
and consequently their claim has never been paid.
They ask that the Congress of the United States
will now extend to them the same measure of jus-
tice that has been extended to other soldier? serv-
ing in the same army of the revolutionary war;
that they will consider their memorial, and not de-
prive them of the same amount of pay and remu-
neration for depreciations which they suffered
upon the pay they received, because the State of
Rhode Island was unable at that time to assume
these balances, when, if they had assumed them,
they would have been paid as other States were.
1 have but a word to say, Mr. President, in re-
gard to these memorialists. The memorial is first
signed by a venerable gentleman, in a bold strong
hand, although he is rising of ninety years of age.
1 know him personally. At the time when all in
this country were called to arms to aid in our rev-
olutionary struggle, this gentleman was pursuing his
collegiate studies in the college in Rhode Island.
He left that institution and went into the service,
and served during the whole of the revolutionary
war. He is now upwards of ninety years of age,
and it is he who now comes and asks for the pay-
ment of this depreciated balance, for his remuner-
ation for services in the United States army during
the revolutionary war. The next signer is Mr.
Dexter. He is ninety-three years of age, and I
need only say that his too is a very just and sim-
ple claim, and one that should most assuredly
commend itself to Congress. 1 move that the me-
morial be received and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The memorial was so referred.
BINDING OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the second pait of the documents accom-
panying the annual message of the Piesident ehall be bound
in two volumes, one part to contain the report from the Gen*
era! Land Office, tkc other from the Department of the In-
terior.
