824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
tion, for the restitution and delivery of persons bound to
service or labor in any State who may escape into any other
State or Territory in the Union. And,
1 i. Resolved, That Congress has no power to prohibit or
obstruct the trade in slaves between the slaveholding States;
but that the admission or exclusion of slaves brought from
one into another of them depends exclusively upon their
own particular laws.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. DOUGLAS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the free navigation of the river St. Lawrence,
and for reciprocal trade with Canada; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend the |
act entitled "An act supplemental to the act for the ;
admission of Iowa avid Florida into the Union;" j
which was read a first and second time by its :
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi- ,
ciary. ,
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS. !
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Isaac j
F. Miller, a soldier in the late war with Mexico, j
asking an increase of pension; which was referred !
to the Committee on Pensions. |
Mr. MANGUM submitted additional docu- <
ments relative to the claims of John Hogan; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela- '
tions.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of Thomas ■
Webb and John Cokern, register and receiver of i
th$ land office at Greenburg, Louisiana, asking an
ncrease of their compensation. j
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 1
Mr. BORLAND, ftom the Committee on Print- !
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the ,
Report of the Secretary of War showing the ex- '
pc-nse of the national armories, and a report of the '
same showing the contracts entered into by said ,
Department during the year ending 30th of June, j
1849, reported in favor of the same; which report
was concurred in. j
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on the Post '
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the ;
petition of Thomas Rhodes, submitted a report, I
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by ;
a bill for his relief; which was read and passed to I
the second reading.
Mr. FOOTE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the Senate adjourn. !
Mr. FOOTE called for the yeas and nayb, and \
they were ordered; and being taken resulted as ;!
follows: 'j
YEAS—Messrs Badgei, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Clniko, J:
Corwin,Davis of Massachusetts,Dawson,Dajion, Greene,
Half, Mangum, Miller, Pearce, Husk, Seward, ^pruance, •
Upham, YVaie<, and Walker—5d0.
NAYS—Messrs. Boiland, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Cham, \
Clay, Cooper, Dickinson, Dodge of Jowa," Douglas, Foote, ;!
Houston, Jones, Morton, Noms, Soul£, Tut nt v, and j J
Whitcomb— If. • ' ' I'
The Seriate thereupon adjourned. I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 11, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. WALDO, by unanimous consent, with-
drew from the files of the House the papers in the
case of William B. Hart, with a view of laying f
them before the proper department having charge !
of said claim. ij
CONGRESS OF NATIONS. !
The SPEAKER stated the business first in order i
to be as follows: j
On the day on which petitions were last present- \
ed, a memorial had been presented by the gentle- \
man from Ohio, [Mr. Crowell,] praying Con- j
gress to adopt measures to settle international
disputes by arbitration, and for a Congress of Na-
tions. A motion had been made to refer the me- |
morial to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, which
motion had been lejected. The question then was
on a motion to refer to a select committee, pend-
ing which motion a motion had been made to lay !'
the memorial on the table. On the last named
motion the yeas and nays had been ordered, and ,
pending the taking thereof the House httd ad-
journed, ;;
The question, therefore, was now taken, "Shall
this memorial be laid upon the table?" and was
decided in the negative—yeas 65, nays 100.
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett.w Beale, Bissell,
Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Aloert G.'Brown, Burt.J.
P. Caldwell, Colcock, Conrad, Daniel, Deberry, Dirmmck,
Swing, Featherston, Fuller, Haralson, Isham G. Ham.«,
Sampson W. Harris, Ilibbard, Holliday, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, J. L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Job Mann, MeCler-
nand, McDowell, R. M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen,
■ Miller, Millson, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Phelps,
j Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson, Savage,
j Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Thomas,
i Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Toombs, Venable,
! Wallace, Watkins, Wildriek, Williams, Woodward, an<i
I Young—65.
| NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Baker, Bingham,
| Booth, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, J. Cable,
! Campbell, "Carter, Casey, Chandler, Cleveland, Chmrman,
i Williamson R. YV. Cobb, Cole-. Congei, Corwm, Crowell,
i Dickey, Dixon,Duer, Duncan,Dunham, Durkee, Alexander
| Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Gentrv, Gerry. Old -
; dings, Goodenow, Got I, Gould, Halloway, Harlan, T. L.
; Harris, Raymond, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe. Hunter,
■ Jackson, Julian, Daniel P. King, Geoige G. King, James G,
, King, John A. King, Preston King, Tj< vtii. Little-field, H.
i Mann, Marshall, MattCf-on, McGaughey, Meacham. Mooie,
r Morns, kelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, FeasJee, Peck. Pheenix,
' Pnnmn, Putnam, Reed, Reyno.d>, Ritlcy, Rockwell, Root,
; Rum?-ey, Sackett, Sa.-vtelle, Sehenck, Sehetinerhorn, Sin p-
1 perd, Silvester, Spalding, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus
I Stevens, Sfeisou, Strone, Sweetser, Tavlor, W. Thompson,
' Thurman, Undeilnll, Van JHke, Vinton, Waldo, Went-
j woirh, Whittlesey, Wilson, Wmthiop, and Wood—100.
So the House decided that the resolution should
I not he laid on the table.
And the question recurring on ihc motion to re-
■ fer to a select committee—
; Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi inquired of
the Speaker whether he (Mr. T.) could debate the
resolution ? If so, he desired to debate it
The SPEAKER. If debute arises on the nio-
; tion to refer to a select committee the memorial
must by the rule ffo over.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the memorial be
' referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER said that that motion had been
made on a former day and rejected.
Mr. CROWELL inquired of the Speaker
whether the pievious question did not cut off de-
bate ?
The SPEAKER said the previous question had
nor been moved.
Mr. CROWELL said he thought if hud been
moved.
The SPEAKER said not.
I Mr. CROWELL inquired if it was now too
late, to demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER said it was too late.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Some conversation followed between the Speaker
and members on the left, of which nothing was
heard on the right of the chair.
THE MEMPHIS CONVENTION.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, requested the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw
his motion for a moment, to enable him (Mr. S.)
to present the memorial of the Memphis Con-
vention, which (he said) he hoped the House
would allow him to present at this time.
Mr. BAYLY would be gratified (he said) to
act ommodate the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton*,] but other requests of a similar char-
acter would be made, and he could not discrimi-
nate. He must, therefore, decline to withdraw
the motion.
And the question on the said motion was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr. Pot-
ter, of Ohio, in the chair.)
The committee lesumed the consideration of the
joint resolution from the Senate "limiting the
expense of collecting the revenue fiom customs
for the present fiscal year."
The chair stated that the question pending; when
the House adjourned on Friday last, was the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
to amend the original resolution, by adding to the
end of the 1st section thereof, the following :
"But no part of the appropi iation heiehy ir;:id- isjinl! be ,
applied todefiaythe expense of collecting the revenue m
California and Oregon dining the aaid second half of the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1850: Protufcrf, That all laws
fixing the compensation of officers o« the customs be sus-
pended so far as regarded California and Oregon, until the
further action of Congress-,"
Mr. V. explained that the amendment which
be now offered to the original resolution was the
same as had been adopted as an amendment to the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and embraced the proposition made by himself
and the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
He did this to provide for the contingency of the
amendment reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means being rejected.
Tellers were asked and ordered.
Mr. ROOT moved to amend the amendment of
Mr. Vinton by striking out the proviso thereof.
After a word of explanation by Mr. Root, in
which he said the proviso was wrong in principle,
and that there was no more reason for discrimina-
ting between the Atlantic and the Pacific, than
there would be for discriminating between the
ports of New Orleans and Boston—
Tellers were asked and oidered on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Messrs. Ogle and Waldo were appointed tel-
lers, and reported—ayes 88, noes 89.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY asked if the Chairman had voted.
The CHAIRMAN replied that his vote, if cast,
would not alter the lesult.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved the fol-
lowing amendment as a substitute for the amend-
ment of Mr. Vinton:
For additional expenses occasioned by the ware-
housing svstem $50,000
For expenses of new dwucts in Texas, Oregon,
i^c., authonzrd.....,     25,000
For expenses oi new dt^tuets in California........ 100,t>0j
For atiuual increase of new di^tiicts, increase of
bustier, &c..„  50.030
M.iking the sum of $225,000
Mr. McLANE said : It seems to me astonish-
ing that the original resolution as adopted by the
Senate, as well as the substitute proposed by the
House Committee of Ways and Means, should
■ not only pu^pend and pro tanto repeal the act of
, March 3d, 1849, but also abandon its principle.
1 1 can very well understand that it is not in their
I power to go back to the first half of the present
1 fiscal year and apply the principle of the law to
| that period of time. This has been put out of our
! power by the erroneous construction of the law
j under which the Administration for that period of
1 time acted. But why shall we not now, in pro-
1 viding for the second half of the present fiscal
yem, apply the pnnciple of the law, and yet act
| with liberality to the Government? The Secre-
tary informs us that he has at command, accord-
j ing to the terms of that law, one half the sum of
j $1.560,000—to wif, $>780,000. And he further re-
■ ports, that this sum is not sufficient, and he asks
for a larger sum. This larger sum is given him
by the principal resolution of the Senate and the
substitute of the Committee of Ways and Means.
But why, let me ask, in voting this larger sum,
shall the House of Representatives quit the mani-
fest tenor of the law ot March, 1849} Every one
pays homage to the piinciple of the law on both
sides of the House. Why do we not vote the
specific sums estimated for by the Secretary of
the Treasury', or deemed just and proper by this
House? Why shall we, when he estimates for
specific sums for the Atlantic coast and also for
the California coast, deliberately throw away the
keys of the Treasury, and invite him to spend
what sums he pleases in California? I have
already said that 1 would go to any reasonable
and liberal extent to provide for an efficient and
prompt administration of the revenue depart-
ment of the Government. Nay, more; I am
willing, even for the balancc of the year, to give
the Secretary exactly what he desires and what he
estimates for. But I deem it most unreasonable,
most criminal, to invite him to return once more
to the old system of hresponsible and unlimited ex-
penditure.
Mr. McLANJS temporarily withdrew his amend-
ment, at the request of
Mr. BAYLY, who renewed it, m order, he
said, to make a few remarks, to which lie hoped
his side of the House, at least, would listen. If
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] as amended by the gentleman ftom
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] were adopted, it would
leave the Secretary of the Treasury utterly with-
out limit, and leave the amount of his expendi-
tures to be determined entirely by his discretion.
After a momentaiy conversation between Mr.
McLANE and Mr. VINTON—
