1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
by him, for I know nothing of the facts of the
case otherwise than has been stated by the Senator
fiom Kentucky. If this was a purchase of a horse
by a quartermaster, it is very easily to be ascer-
tained, by examining the quarterly returns of that
period, of whom the horse was purchased, and to
whom the money was paid. If otherwise, if the
horse was lost by the accidents of service, then
the claim of the man should be put on an entirely
different footing from that on which the Senator
from Kentucky has presented it. The Senator
from Missouri referred to another case—that of a
captain receiving money for his men. That he
cannot do. Whether on the ordinary muster and
pay roll, or on the extra-pay roll, the soldier must
have received the money himself, and have signed
his name opposite to theamount, which constitutes
his receipt therefor. The captain should be pres-
ent at ihe pay table, rather to protect the men than
to receive the money into his own hands. He has
no right to receive the money, or to receipt for it,
and I do not understand the case to be so presented.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The report is short, and
if the Senate will be kind enough to allow me, I
will read it, in order that all the facts may be un-
derstood.
[Mr. Underwood then read the report setting
forth the facts to be a3 he had briefly recapitula-
ted.]
These are the facts then. The man was separa-
ted from his property, and a false return made that
the horse had died at sea, it being proved afterwards
that the animal arrived in Florida and was sold to
the use of the Government. 'I his man followed
him there, and without a knowledge of these facts
he was discharged from service, paid off, and sent
home. The question now is, whether the Gov-
ernment, haying had the use of the horse thus
taker, from him without his consent, will pay him
for the animal, or require him to follow Mr. Pol-
lard, the officer who commanded the company.
Mr. ATCHISON. Did Mr. Pollard sell the
horse ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know; he is
represented tis having died.
Mr. WALKER. I do not wonder that the
Senator has contended for ten years, and I should
not wondtr if he should be obliged to contend for
ten years more, without getting the Government to
pay this claim, for certainly the Government may
just as well be called upon to pay for all horses
stolen, promiscuously and generally. If the report
read by the Senate makes out anything, it makes
out a uise of fraud against an individual, not as
a:ting in his official capacity, but as one disposed
to convert the property of others to his own use.
If Co< gress has really determined to pay claims of
thatcharacter, perhaps it is is well enough to es-
tablish the precedent now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the Senator from
"Wisconsin if the Government did not take poses-
sion of this property to transport it from New
Orleans? and whether it was not the duty of the
Government, when it reached Florida, to put the
man in possession of his propeity? lie was a
mounted man, and, according to the law, bound
to furnish his own horse, and it was the act of
Government that separated him from his property.
Government having thus taken possession of the
nag, and shipped him to Florida, it was its duty
to return him to his owner when he should follow
him. Whose fault is it that it was not done? It
was the fault of the Government. Had Mr. Offut
given the animal over to the officer, at his own
volition, and the officer then had sold him, and
appropriated the proceeds to his own use, the case
would seem to be made out which the gentleman
has in view. But the fault lies with the Govern-
ment in separating the mounted man from his
horse, and then allowing him to be appropuated
for the use of the Government without compensa-
ting the owner. It was the fault of the Govern-
ment at the start, and therefore the man should be
paid.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me that the Sen-
ator is reasoning upon a hypothesis, and not upon
the report; for certainly the report does not show
the case to be as he argues.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly it does; and
I will read it again, if the Senator desires.
Mr. WALKER. I heard it read; and there is
too much left to inference m the report. There is
not even an allegation that this captain has been
called on to pay this sum, or that he has refused
to pay it; and the report merely shows, if it shows
anything, a case of fraud by one individual upon
another. It was, therefore, a clear case for an ac-
tion by one individual against another, in which
the Government is not responsible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think it is due,
since the case has been put by the Senator from
Kentucky on an entirely different footing, that I
should say, that my answer to the Senator from
Missouri has now no application. As the case is
now presented, it appears that this man, being a
soldier under the orders of the Government, was
separated from his horse, and that his captain, in
violation of all right, committed an act which I
know not how to characterize, unless I say that he
stole the horse and sold him to the quartermaster.
If the Senator from Kentucky establishes that fact,
it is very clear that the rights of the soldier who
owned the horse, have been violated by the captain
who had authority under the Government to sep-
arate him from his horse; and though his claim
would certainly not be good in law, and might not
pass muster before an auditor, yet it is an equita-
ble claim. The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] very properly suggests, that it would
be a condemnation of the captain without his hav-
ing a chance to answer. As to the merits of the
case, I know nothing; and I rose merely to say,
that it having been put on an entirely different
basis, I do not wish my reply to the Senator from
Missouri to be considered as bearing upon it. I
look upon it now as merely a case of equity, in
which the rights of this man, under the laws of
the United States, have been violated by an officer
under a law of the United States. If the Senator
from Kentucky can make that good, the claim
should fairly be paid.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have just been informed
by the Senator from Missouri, who sits to the
right, [Mr. Benton,] that Captain Pollard is dead,
and that he also died, perhaps, without leaving
anything from which to pay this claim. If this be
so, then the horse is lost to Mr. Offut, as must be
manifest to everybody, even supposing him liable.
Buttheground upon which 1 have sought distinctly
to base this claim, is, that this man was separated
from his horse at the command of his superior,
and never united to him, while the Government
had the use of him, without having compensated
the owner therefor. But we are spending too much
time on this matter—more time than the horse is
worth—and I will leave it to the Senate.
Mr. DODGE. The Committee of Claims, to
whom this matter was referred, fully investigated
it, and came to the conclusion that the claim was
one in every way just and proper. And I think,
though I have but little knowledge of the law on
the subject, that mjP friend from Mississippi, who
is more familiar with it than I am, will admit that
if the man had been ordered on foot to do the ser-
vire of the Government, and had thus left his
horse, and it was lost, the law in that case would
have provided compensation for him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.) Cer-
tainly.
Mr. DODGE. I know that it has been thus
decided in Congress. This man was ordered on
board of another vessel, and separated from his
horse by the command of his captain, to whom he
was obliged to submit, and thus lost his property,
and I think the Government ought to pay him.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked consent to have the
bill now read a third time, but this, being objected
to, could not be done.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
for the admission of California as a State into the
Union, to estahlish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texa3 for the establishment of her western and
northwestern boundaries.
A long debate ensued, in which Mr KING.
Mr. FOOTE, Mr. BERRIEN, Mr. CLAY, Mr!
HALE, and Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi, partici-
pated ; and which will be published in the Appendix.
After which, on motion—
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 20, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and, after a
verbal amendment, on motion of Mr. Doer, was
approved.
Mr. DANIEL inquired if it would be in order
to move to postpone the special order?
The SPEAKER stated, that a motion to post-
pone could not be received, except by unanimous
consent, as the special order was pending in com-
mittee.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the regular or-
der of business.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL said it was evident, from the
manner in which the motion he was about to make
had hitherto been met, that it was likely to receive
little favor now. But he felt disposed to discharge
his duty, and to make another effort to induce the
House to take up and consider the bills on the
private calendar. 1 his business had long been
neglected, although, by the rules of the House,
two days in each week were especially assigned to
it; and great in justice was done by refusing to con-
sider the claims of our citizens upon the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BURT called the gentleman from North
Carolina to order.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be sus-
| pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole House, on the private
calendar.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STRONG offered the usual resolution to
terminate debate in Committee of the Whole this
day at half past one o'clock, on the resolution of
the Committee on Elections declaring it inexpe-
dient to admit Almon W. Babbit, Esquire, as a
j Delegate in the present Congress from the Terri-
! tory of Deseret; and moved the previous question
I thereon.
! The question being first on the adoption of the
j resolution of Mr. Strong—
Mr. DANIEL moved to lay the resolution on
i the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. FOWLER suggested to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, to modify his resolution by making
the time half-past twelve.
Mr. STRONG modified it by inserting " one
o'clock."
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
UTAH, (OR DESERET.)
On motion by Mr. STRONG, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McLane, of Maryland, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, the report of the Committee on
Elections, upon the application of A. W. Babbit,
Esq., for admission to a seat in the House as a
Delegate from Utah, (or Deseret.)
Mr. BISSELL thought it was much to be re-
gretted that Mr. Smith had been refused admission
as a Delegate from New Mexico. He was aiso
in favor of the admission of the Delegate from
Deseret, and he should regard his rejection as ex-
tremely unfortunate, for the reason, among others,
that in his opinion this was the last chance we
should have this session to do anything at all for
the Territory of Deseret; as on yesterday, in all
probability, was ourlast opportunity of doing any-
thing for New Mexico. He had scarcely a hope
now, he was sorry to say, that territorial govern-
ments would be established over either of these
Territories during the present session; and he had
still less expectation that either would now be ad-
mitted as a State.
He then contended that it was necessary to
have Delegates here from those Territories neces-
sary not alone, nor chiefly to the people there,
but to us in Congress; to the Government here,
under whose protection and guardianship these
people were. The Delegate from Deseret bein^
here, and it being in the discretion of the House
to admit him or not, he could see no sufficient
reason for refusing it. It would neither violate
any constitutional provision nor any existing
