1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
Mr. BAYLY (with the concurrence of Mr.
McLane) withdrew the amendment, it being the
* intention to move it, when in order, as an amend-
ment to the amendmentof the Committee ofWays
and Means, as amended on motion of Mr. Vin-
ton.
Mr. WINTHROP offered the following amend-
ment :
"Provided, That the expenses of weighing, gauging,
measuring, and appian-ing goods shall in no ease be charged
to the importers, and that the revenue-cutters shall be put
in couiuusfeion again forthwith.''
Mr. WINTHROP said, that he had only pro-
posed this amendment with a view of securing;
himself an opportunity of doing an act of justice
to his constituents. He held in his hand'a me-
morial from one hundred and twenty of the lead-
ing mercantile firms of Boston, loithout distinction
of party, protesting in the strongest terms against
the onerous exactions and serious perils to which
the commerce of the country was subjected by the
provisions of the late Treasury circular; and pray-
ing that the law of 1849 may be speedily amended,
so as to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
collect the revenue in the manner it has been col-
lected heretofore.
Mr. W. proceeded to rqad the memorial, at the
close of which he expressed the hope that this
voice from one of our great commercial commu-
nities would not be unheeded. Boston paid about
five millions of dollars annually into the Treasury
of the nation, and he believed that nowhere was
the revenue more faithfully and economically col-
lected. He did not propose, however, to prc3s
this amendment to a vote, because he knew that
nothing hut an imperious necessity had induced
the Secretary to issue the late cucular, and that
he would instantly return to the old system of
collection, as soon as Congress sho-ild enable him
to do so.
Mr. W. then withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MILLSONsubmitted the followingamend-
ment to the amendment offered by Mr.Vinton :
" Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall ho
so con&tiuod as in any manner to sanction or confirm any
sxpendituies by the Secretary of the Treasuiy, m paying
the expenses of collecting the revenue, during the first half
of the fiscal year beginning the fii1-! day oi Julv, 18-19, of a
larger sum than was appropriated tor that object hy the.'
fourth section of the act above sefened to.J'
Mr. MILLSON said that he regretted that so
little time had been allowed for the discussion of
this bill. A week had been given up to an ineffect-
ual effort to elect a Doorkeeper, but scarcely six
hours had been bestowed upon the consideration
of one of the most important measures of the ses-
sion.
The Constitution, said Mr. M., provides that
"no money shall be drawn from the Treasury,
but in consequence of appropriations made by
law." The Secretary, however, has undertaken
to draw money from the Treasury without such
appropriation. By the act of the 3d of March
last, the gross revenues from customs, from the
public lands, and from all miscellaneous sources
were required to be paid into the Treasury, with-
out any abatement or deduction, on account of
costs or expenses: once in the Treasury, they
could not legally be drawn out, without appropri-
ations made by'law. The Secretary has thought
proper to go beyond these appropriations, and has
drawn and paid from the Treasury more than
the amount limited by Congress. It is nothing to
the purpose that he could not bring the expenses
of collecting the revenue withm thejimit fixed by
Congress! Perhaps he could not; but that has
nothing to do with the question. If, after ex-
hausting the appropriations, there remained any
undischarged liabilities, it was for Congress to
make further appropriations. It did not justify
the Secretary in drawing from the Treasury
more than he was authorized to use. It is no un-
common thing that the just and .necessary liabili-
ties of the Government should exceed the sum
appropriated to meet them. But it is for Congress
to provide for such deficiencies, not the Secretary
of the Treasury.
I do not offer this amendment for the purpoes
of administering a rebuke to the Secretary, whose
intentions may have been entirely fair and proper,
but to rescue the act of the 3d of March from the
construction put upon it by him, under the opinion
of the Attorney General. I have read that opin-
ion; I think it a very extraoridnary one, and the
reasons by which he attempts to support it, still
more extraordinary. I doubt if there are ten mem-
bers of this House who would be willing to de-
fend it. Neither the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] nor the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] would venture to approve it.
Why, sir, so far from its being true that the lim-
itation was not intended to apply to the first half
of the present fiscal year, I say, that, according to
the plain interpretation of the law, it was not ex-
pected that it would ever have any application at
all, except to the first half year; for it was con-
templated that Congress, 011 its assembling in De-
cember, would make specific and definite appropri-
ations for the second half year and the succeeding
fiscal year. That was the reason why the Secre-
tary was required to submit, at the commencement
of this session, estimates of appropriations for the
expenses of the second half fiscal year—which, by
the by, he has utteily neglected to do. Of course,
Congress might appropriate more or less than
$1,560,000, just as it might think necessary or
proper. Tlie appropriations for the first half year,
howevei, weie necessarily indefinite, because Con-
gress was obliged to adjourn oil the very day of
the passage of the law, and there was no time to
frame a bill designating the particular subjects of
expenditure. All it could do was to limit this ex-
penditure; and it did so by the proviso restricting
it to §1,560,000. To provide for a possible fail-
ure by Congress to pass a bill with specific appro-
priations for the second half year, it was declared
that these indefinite appropriations, still limited,
however, by-a maximum amount, should continue
till Congress should make specific appropriations.
The very expressions used in the law, that the ex-
penses should not " thereafter "—that is, after the
30'h .Tune—excecd the sum of one million five
hundred and sixty thousand dollars per annum,
" uni in proportion for a less time," show that Con-
gress expected to act again upon the subject be-
fore one whole year was out.
Mr. M. withdrew his amendment, to enable
Mr. Toombs to explain.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment pro
forma. He said the gentleman from Virginia and
the gentleman from Maiyland had spoken of his
amendment as though it took off all restrictions
upon the expenditures of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in collecting the revenue. It did no
such thing. It did not give the Secretary an ad-
ditional dollar; it neither increased nor diminished
the amount of money. But it merely took off the
limitation upon the compensation of officers and
other expenses in collecting the revenue in Cali-
fornia and Oregon; and this "for the simple reason
that no limitation to what was necessary and
proper could be fixed by law m the present state
of things, especially in California.
Mr BAYLY renewed the amendment pro forma.
He said he was perfectly free to coqfess that if the
effect of the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] would be such as he [Mr.
T.] represented, he would vote for it with pleas-
ure; but it was perfectly manifest that the gentle-
man mistook the effect of the two provisions taken
together. The amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, he (Mr. B.) admitted, did not increase the
amount appropriated; but, in connection with the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, it made
the appropriation for California and Oregon un-
limited. The law, as it stood, declared that no :
more money should be expended in the col-
lection of the revenue than was expended in the
year 1848. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio excepted from the operation of the law
Oregon and California, and excepted it with the
view of increasing the amount to be expended 111
those two districts. The gentleman from Georgia
then came in and added that there should be no
limitation upon the salaries, and other expenses,
in Oregon and California. The one. enlarged the
appropriation, and the other provided that the
expenses 111 Oregon and California should be
unlimited.
Mr. GREEN (speaking upon a pro forma
amendment) expressed his opinion that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was partly right,
and only partly right. By the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, California and Oregon were
excepted out of the districts for which the amount
was appropriated to defray the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue; by the amendment of the gen-
tleman /rom Georgia all limitations upon salaries
and ex'penses in Oregon and California were re-
moved; but no additional appropriation was made;
no means were provided to pay these salaries and
expenses, and it would devolve upon Congress, if
the two amendments were adopted, either now or
hereafter, to make an additional appropriation,
without which Mr. Meredith could not pay one
solitary dime, either in California or Oregon. The
responsibility will have to be met sooner or later
by Congress. Hence the virtual, practical effect
of the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia,
taken in connection with that of the gentleman
from Ohio, would be as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia contended—to authorize unlimited expenses
in California and Oregon.
Mr. PRESTON ICING (upon a pro forma
amendment) said, the act of 3d March, 1849, was
designed to limit the expenses of collecting the
revenue. Itprovided that the gross revenue should
go into the Treasury, and that appropriations
should be made to defray the expenses of collection.
The act itself, then, was an act limiting the expense
of collecting the revenue. The amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia proposed to suspend all
laws limiting salaries or expenses, so far as Oregon
and California were concerned. It therefore pro-
posed directly to leave the salaiies and expenses
in.Oregon and California upon precisely^ the same
footing as that on which they stood prior to the
3d of March, 1849, when the Secretary of . the
Treasury had acted under general direction but
without lim'itation of law. The proposition, then,
of the gentleman from Georgia removed, as the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] contended,
all limitations whatever.
In his (Mr. IC's) judgment these expenses
should be estimated by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury. Whatever deficiencies there existed, if the
Secretary would show to the House and the
country how they had arisen, he (Mr. It.) would
vote to appropriate the.money to supply. But he
desired to know what they were for: he desired to
see the figures. He would give the Secretary any
reasonable sum he asked; but he desired that the
appropriation should be specific. That was the
object of the law of 1840—an object which a great
! many Representatives had for years been endeav-
I oi-ing to obtain. He regarded it as a most useful,
; beneficial law. A great deal of money had been
; squandered under all Administrations—he said this
j without imputing corruption to those who had had
! the control of these expenditures—but it had arisen
I from the defects of the system. The system was
, bad; the law of 1849 corrected it. The two prop-
i ositions taken together constituted a departure
I from that law—in fact a suspension if not a repeal
I of it in direct terms.
j The question, recurring upon Mr. Vinton's
amendment—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Hubbard and Fowler were appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers reported,
ayes 91, noes 90.
The Chairman voted jn the negative, making
ayes 91, noes 91.
So the amendment was lost.
The question recurring on striking out the orig-
inal resolution and inserting the substitute of the
Committee ofWays and Means, as amended—
Mr. HIBBARD moved to amend the original
resolution by adding at the end of the first section,
the following:
Provided, That in said sum shall not be included the ex-
penses of collecting liie revenue for the districts ot Cahfor-
ma and Oregon. «
Mr. HIBBARD said it would be pcrccived that
this amendment was in addition to the resolution
from the Senate. That resolution, if the construc-
tion given to it by the Secretary of the Treasury
was correct, would give him ^840,000 for collect-
in'r the revenues from customs for the current half
year. His amendment proposed to exclude from
the operation of that provision the expense for the
districts of California and Oregon. it wouid
a1 iow a sum sufficient for that purpose, in audition
to the sum contemplated by the fcencte s resolu-
tion, and would leave that part of the expenditure
to be regulated by the Secretary until it could
be intelligibly provided for by congress. That
would not be done now. It was evident from in-
formation which was before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and probably known to all,
that the situation of officers in those two districts,
especially in California, were such that the ex-
pense of collecting the revenue there could not now
