1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
law. He maintained that there was no neces-
sity for any precedent in this case. The House
should judge of ihe case, and decide it upon
its own merits. It has the same power and
right to do so, that former Houses nave had to
determine other cases. He denied, also, that the
admission of Mr. Babbit would be a " quasi re-
cognition" of the State constitution of Deseret,
and the laws passed under it. To contend for that,
would be to claim for the House, by itself, a power
which belongs to the entire legislative depart-
ment of the Government. He did not look upon
the people of Deseret as alone interested. The
people of the United States were likewise inter-
ested. The people of Deseret had evidently de-
sired and expected the admission of the Delegate
within a reasonable period of time. Did any one
doubt that, but for the difficulty between Texas
and New Mexico, Mr. Smith would kave been
admitted as a Delegate from that Territory ? No
one would doubt it. In the case of the application
from Des< ret there is no such difficulty in the way,
while all the reasons in favor of Mr. Smith's ad-
mission applied with equal or greater force to the
case now before us. Therefore Mr Babbit should
be admitted. He cared not if those who had sent
him heie were Mormons. It was sufficient for
him to know that they were American citizens.
[Mr. B.'s remarks will be published in full
in ihe Appendix ]
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, I re-
gretted last evening that 1 was too unwell to ad-
dress the committee, and very cheerfully surren-
dered the floor to gentlemen who desired to discuss j
the subject now under consideration. I do not in- j
tend to* tire the patience of the committee with a ;
speech of an hour, but merely to submit a few i
considerations which shall control my vote on this
occasion. And here 1 shall at once disclaim any
purpose to discuss this as a sectional question. A
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] on yesterday
informed us that, unfortunately, many of those
wiio started well, and promised much in the vote
for the Delegate from New Mexico, tired on the
way, and were missing on the final vote. He j
complained much that an apparent majority of fif-
teen dwindled down, on the final vote, to a minor-
ity of ten. He promised to smoke them out. \
That is his enterprise, sir, I have no interest in it.
<c Non nostrum tantas componere /ties." I will not
be induced to discuss this as a sectional question.
1 will not follow the lead of gentlemen who mingle
the slavery question with this dry matter of law. !
I voted against the admission of the Delegate from :
New Mexico, whose inhabitants have made an ,
effort to adopt a constitution excluding slavery. I ,
shall vote against the reception of the applicant j
from Deseret, whose constitution does not exclude !
slavery. 1 am gratified to remark that many gen- ;
tlemen from the North voted, on yesterday, against ;
the admission of the applicant fiom New Mexico. ;
3t was a pleasure to see that there were gentlemen i
from that region who could vote without reference I
to sectional feeling. For once, at least, prinri- j
pie seemed to achieve a victory, and I trust it is j
but one of a series of triumphs which a desire of !
justice shall secure, in the progress of legislation, j
which has been so signally obstructed in the por- i
tion of the session which has passed. Sir, it is a
dry matter of law whether we admit the applicant !
as a Delegate. To ascertain who is a Delegate we
must go to the law which gave the name and as- ,
signed his duties. If we do this, we see by the |
law of 1817, a reference was made to the ordinance I
of 17b7, by which*, under the old Confederation, ;
the Noithwest Territory, by that ordinance or- J
gamzed into a government, was entitled to a Dele- !
gate on the floor of Congress. _ That ordinance j
was a treaty agreement entered into by the thir- j
teen independent States; and the law of 1817 gave ;
to all Territories then created by law, or thereafter
to be organized into governments by Congress, a
Delegate in the same manner. !
The term delegate has a legal, a statutory mean-
ing—and that meaning is a person elected for a ■
territorial government organized by Congress. It
is not pretended that the claim of the applicant has ,
any such foundation. I am opposed to the admis- .
sion of Mr. Babbit, as a delegate for Deseret, be-
cause there is no such previous organization as the
law of 1817 requires. There is no precedent for
such a course, and therefore we are without au-
thority for such a measure. But the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] remarked that there
was no necessity for a precedent, that Congress
had the power to admit the applicant, and could
exercise that power. I grant it, sir; but Congress
has the power to do many things, but it is not al-
ways expedient to do so. Discretion must be
sound, controlled not by caprice, but by reason and
propriety. What reason is there that would justify
us in making a new chapter in our history—in
adopting a new policy in this case. Congress has
the power to give any person at their discretion,
a seat on this floor. But would it be pretended
that, in the exercise of that discretion, all persons
should be thus admitted ? Gentlemen speak of the
necessity of having a Delegate sent here to en-
lighten us touching the interests of the people of
Deseret. That can be done another way, without
any violation to the laws and usages of the coun-
try.
But, sir, where is this to stop? What popula-
tion, what amount of interest shall entitle a settle-
ment in the prairies as a Delegate here? We might
doubtless be much entertained with the history of
Indian wars, bear fights, and buffalo hunts, which
are the uniform incidents of the nomadic life of our
enterprising and moving; population. I can assure
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] that
the applicant loses nothing, in my estimation, of
his claim to a seat here, that he  epresents a Mor-
mon community. No, sir, the religious tenets of
that remarkable people do not enter into the ele-
ments of my opposition to the seat of Mr. Babbit
on this floor. To Jews, Turks, Christians, or
Mormons, I would award the same right, and the
same privileges, and I could not perceive the
necessity of his appeal to us in order to avoid the
effect of out of door influences, created by preju-
dices against the Mormons. I know nothing of
them but the extraoidinary fact that they have a
power of oiganization, which can collect the idle,
the vicious, and the unproductive, and make in a
short time a most prosperous community. There
is something to be admired in that result at least.
I forbear any expression of opinion as to any other
matter connected with them or their faith. But 1
am sure that no person in this House would be in-
fluenced in his vote by considerations drawn
from the religious creed of the Salt Lake com-
munity.' The gentleman speaks of the Mormon
regiment and the alacrity with which they obeyed
the call of the country in the Mcxican war. This
was true with regard to all portions of the country,
and gives no peculiar rights to them.
It is in vain that gentlemen urge the claims of
the people of Deseret because they have been
neglected by this Government—that American cit-
izens are placed without the protection of the
|aw—that arm which protects all others is not
upheld for their safety. Sir, if this were strictly
true, according to history, 1 am gratified to have
to say, that no part of that responsibility attaches
to me, or to those who, in the last Congress, te-
naciously adhered to the rights of their section.
None can forget the scenes of the last night of
the last Congress. An amendment offered by
Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin, to the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and which contained no discrimination
against the South, had passed the Senate. It was
rejected in this House, and an amendment concur-
ring with that offered by Mr. Webster adopted,
which excluded the slaveholder from taking his
property to the Territories. The Senate rejected
that amendment, and the attempt to extend the
protection of the law failed. The South endeavored
to extend that privilege, and the recognition of
equal rights to all the citizens of the United States.
I voted with them; and if the savage foe make a
graveyard of these lemoteand unprotected settle-
ments—if desolation and rum shall spread their
wings over them, the blame will be upon those
who determined to clog every effort to organize
governments for the Territories, with conditions
offensive and degrading to the citizens of the south-
ern States. Sir, I am astonished that gentlemen
should make appeals of this kind. I would, if it
were proper, most willingly enter into this discus-
sion. I would, on no occasion, decline to vindicate
the rights of those whose interests I represent.
But, sir, I do not deem this a proper occasion to
follow the example of some of those who have
preceded me. Gentlemen may talk of the result
of slavery agitation, of the ground-swell there is to
overwhelm all who raise their voice in favor of the
constitutional rights of the citizens of fifteen States
| of this Union.
History is not wanting in examples of those
who have been consumed in a fire of their own
kindling. It may be that the ground-swell may
find victims amongst those who have been prophe-
cymg destruction to others. If gentlemen do in
fact desire the repose of the country, and the res-
toration of confidence and kind feeling, they are in
a majority—let them do justice—let them award
political equality to all the others of the United
States—let thenji abstain from exasperating and
oppressive measures—let them come before this
House with bills for the government of the Terri-
tories of the United States which recognize our -
rights, and the storm will be lulled into a calm.
Exasperation and hostility will give place to
brotherly love and kind feeling, and the country,
convulsed to its centre, will be restored to quiet
and peace.
The withering curse of posterity will fall upon
those who could perform this heavenly work and
failed to do it.
Sir, I shall not discuss the compromise or ad-
justment bill, as was done on yesterday by a gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root.] It would be out
of place here, and could be productive of no good.
I therefore forbear, and urge upon the committee
not to mingle disturbing elements into the admin-
istration of our Government. The argument urged
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,}
has no legitimate application here. He truly said
that the revolutionary war was the result of an as-
sertion on the part of the English Government of
a right to tax us without representation; but even
the friends of this application do not deem thai
this would give representation to the people of
Deseret. It is what they call a mere courtesy—a
seat in this Hall. Sir, a coui tesy would be dearly
purchased by adding to the elements of exaspera-
tion now existing in the country.
Mr. SWEET&ER said that he would not have
risen to say anything on this question, had he not
felt himself compelled, by the aiguments which
had been brought forward, to explain the reasons
on which he should ground his vote. He then re-
ferred to the various acts of Congress which, in
his view, had any bearing on the question before
the committee, down to the act of 1817, which
gives the authority for the admission of Delegates
into this House. Under all the acts to which he
had alluded, there was no authority for the admis-
sion of a Delegate in this form. The admission
of the Delegate from Deseret was asked for on
principles which were not to be found operating
when the act of 1817 was passed, but on circum-
stances and a state of things which have arisen
since that act was passed, in the new and anom-
alous state of things which now exists, it was for
this House to decide whether it would reject the
application of people residing in a remote Terri-
tory, which has but recently come into our pos-
session, for the admission of a Delegate on this
floor to represent their wishes and their wants—
whether we will permit this people, thus inhabiting
a portion of Territory which originally formed no
part of the United States, to come here and rap at
our doors, and suffer them to go away unheard.
He trusted that, in the decision of this question,
we would not suffer ourselves to be diiven from
the correct course, by the distracting questions
which some gentlemen seemed disposed to mingle
with, and embarrass it.
The true question presented was, Has this
House the right, as a matter of discretion, in the
absence of legislation, to admit a Delegate ? It is
conceded that they have; and the question recurs
as to the propriety of exercising that discretion.
I maintain that whenever a party shows the pro-
priety of exercising the discretion, as a basis, he
can demand in that case its exercise in his favor
as a matter of right. This doctrine of discretion
is not a mere caprice, it is vested in judicial tribu-
nals and legislative bodies for wise purposes, and
should always favor the weak against the strong.
Is this a proper case and a proper time for the
exercise of this discretion towards the people of
Deseret ? That is the question for the House now
to consider. And it is a question for the grave
consideration of the House, whether we will ad-
mit the Delegate from Deseret to a seat on this
i iloor, that the voice of the people of Deseret may
' be heard. The admission of their Delegate is not
| all we ought to do for this people—we should give
j them a territorial government, and extend the pro-
1 tection of law and organization over them.
