820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
be limited or regulated understandingly, nor safe-
ly. He would go thus far; as now advised he
would go no further. He was for limited and
specific appropriations, and would make them so
in this case wnen it should be practicable.
Mr. H. temporarily withdrew his amendment,
at the request of
Mr. BAYLY^who pro forma renewed it. He
said that his friend from New Hampshire was
most clearly mistaken, both as to what had oc-
curred in committee, (to which he regretted that
are not permitted to see the light. And this, too,
is done by the action of gentlemen who are the
strenuous advocates of unrestricted trade. The
hatches of the vessels are now battened down as
they come into port, and the ©wners are without
remedy. And is this the condition in which these
gentlemen are willing to leave the country? He
knew of instances in which merchants had been
subjected to losses of the most serious character,
from similar delays ; he knew a case where a
cargo of tea had come into port, the delay of a
the gentleman had alluded,) and as to the effect pf i single day had nearly led to the loss of §100,000
his own amendment. In the committee they had j! in the sale of it. [Here the hammer fell.]
agreed to except Oregon and California from the !j Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
law of 1849, which appropriated $1,560,000 for jj amend the amendment of the gentleman from New
the collection of the revenue, but they had never j; Jersey, in the first item, by striking outgone mil-
agreed—and he felt sure that his friend from New
Hampshire would never agree—to except Cali-
fornia and Oregon from their amendment, believ-
ing, as he [Mr. B.] had attempted to show to the
House, that that amendment gave the Secretary
enough for Oregon and California.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire was precisely the same as that of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] which had
lion," and inserting in lieu thereof " seven hundred
and eighty thousand dollars." He wished to make
one or two remarks. He was very much gratified to
find that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr,
King] had now adopted the very principle for
which he [Mr. T.] contended. Now he was willing
to adopt the plan of that gentleman. He was will-
ing to take the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury for Oregon and California, as they were
just been rejected, and therefore he raised the point, |j furnished by him. But the Secretary had fur-
that it was not in order. . j! nished no estimates for the Atlantic coast. He
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and de- ij had only laid before the House some general esti-
cided the amendment out of order. mates. And as these estimates only embraced the
Mr. HIBBARD, waiving at present, calling in !! amount of §1,560,000 for the fiscal year, why he
question the«orrectness of the Chairman's decision, ■; was willing to adopt the views of the Secretary,
gave notice that, as at present informed, he should |[ and give him one half of the amount for the last
offer the amendment at a subsequent stage of the i' half of the fiscal year.
proceedings.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to amend
the original joint resolution by substituting spe-
cific amounts appropriated for the different objects
estimated for by the Secretary of the Treasury,
amounting;, in the aggregate, to $1,000,000.
Mr. KING said that he thought the House
would agree with him that, in the present stage of
the discussion, it was important to come down to
figures. Constructions of law and constructions
of fact have been advanced. But if we would take
the trouble to look at the original proposition in
figures, there would be found to be no need of
such constructions.
It was raised as an objection that the Secretary
of the Treasury had not submitted any estimates
on which could be predicated the amount of ex-
He regarded the estimates of the Secretary as
deceptive. He was willing to give him what he
estimated for Oregon and California. He was
j glad that the gentleman from New Jersey was lead-
, ing in a direction which was likely to bring them
| together.
He was sorry that he was confined by the rule
' of the committee to five minutes, as he was desir-
ous to get the gentleman from New Jersey to ac-
! company him through the various items in the esti-
' mates winch had been submitted by the Secretary,
j He was proceeding to particularize these items,
when the falling of the hammer cut short his re-
j marks.
i Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his amendment to
j the amendment at the request of
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, who, upon a pro
penditures which were required, [f the House 1forma amendment, after some interruptions on a
would look to the original estimates of the Seercta- :j point of order, proceeded :
ry, submitted at the commencement of the session, i1 The honorable gentleman from Mississippi (he
it would perceive that he hud adopted the esti- j said) asked his attention to the additions in the
mates of the last fiscal year, and taken one-half of j1 book of estimates. He (Mr. K.) could only
the amount, as the yum required for the half of the [■ say, no one supposed several lines of thousands
picsent fiscal year, commencing from the first of ' of dollars would add up $462; the mistake arose
January last. To this the Secretary has added -1 from supposing those figuies had any relation to
some estimates for items which had not occurred
before the commencement of this portion of the j
fiscal year. ;
He thought that the Secretary had made a mis- ''
take in his estimate on the subject of warehouses.
The estimate of the Secretary was ^1,100,000. s;
Believing this to be a mistake, he had inserted in /'
his amendment the sum of one million. :
As to the expenses of collection in Oregon and
California, it would be impossible to fix any spe-
cific sum, as it would be impracticable to obtain I
the services of individuals there on the same terms ;
as elsewhere. For this reason he had omitted any |
restriction on the payment of salaries in Oregon >;
and California, until Congress should be requned ']
to act on information which will hereafter be'>
received. j
He did not regard this as a proper time to go j
inro the question of the amount required for col- i
lection of rhe revenue of the country. The pro- :
per time for that discussion would be when the i
subject of the general revenue system came up
, m the city
, emoluments than the collector's salary, excepting
before wh'eh period ample materials will be fur- h also the onerous responsibility which his friends
nished to Congress by the Treasury Department. ;! incurred in signing enormous bonds. Summary
in the me m time, he would remind the committee |j decision was, however, now required to enable
tnat the whole country was suffering from our |! the public officers to proceed in their proper col-
neglect to come to final action on this subject, to ,1 lection of the public revenue now pouring in at its
an extent wh«-:h was beyond our conception. !| fullest tide
Every ouicr seat and desk in the custom houses
had been vacated. Ships were coining m from all
parts of the world, freighted with valuable cargoes,
whil« thpre wa.-s no sufficient for^e to attend to the
LiMth.irgi.tg of these civgoep. The nccessory con-
sequence is that th ° hatches, instead of being
opened, that the goods mny he takers out for mar-
ket, chained down and locked, and the cargoes
A brief explanation and conversation took place
between Messrs. BAYLY, KING of New Jer-
sey, and VINTON,
The question recurring on Mr. Thompson's
amendment to the amendment to strike out
$1,000,000, and insert $780,000, was taken and de-
cided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend by striking out
$1,000,000 and inserting $800,000.
After a brief explanation by Mr. BAYLY,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES moved an amendment to strike out
$1,000,000 and insert 0785,000.
Mr. JONES said, that in the remarks which he
submitted to the committee a few days ago, when
the resolution now under consideration was pend-
ing, he had referred to the report of the expenses
incurred in the collection of the revenue from cus-
toms at the various custom-houses throughout the
country, in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1849,
and he had called particular attention to the several
items of expense in the respective departments of
the custom-house at New York, commenting upon
the discrepancy between the amount stated in the
report to have been paid and the amount which
those items, when extended and footed up, actually
made; which he did not at the time understand,
nor did he profess to understand them at this time;
but, upon reflection, he thought that probably the
difference was paid out of fees which never went
into the Treasury. For instance, the several items
given in the report show the actual cost of the
collector's department to be   .$115,000 00
Amount stated to have,been paid,... 82,36*3 95
Cost more than paid $32,636 05
Actual cost of Naval Officers' Depart-
partment     §61,100 00
Amount stated to have been paid  12,205 48
Cost more than paid §48,894 52
Actual cost of Surveyor's Depart-
ment  $18,720 00
Amount stated to have been paid  462 93
Cost more than paid, $18,257 07
Actual cost for inspectors, weighers,
gaugers, measurers, and markers.. .§367,134 68
Amount stated to have been paid 347,484 18
each other. But if there were mistakes—not made
by the furnisher—they were not chargeable to this
side of the House; for, as he understood, the
same officer in the department of the Judiciary
who made those figures, had made them for many
years past. He (Mr. It.) declared to the honor-
able gentleman from Mississippi, that when the
time came to settle definitely the question as to the j
amount of expenditure for collecting the revenue, :
he would be found alongside of those who went :
the farthest for specific appropriations and rigid j
accountability. To the honoiable chairman of j
Ways and Means, however, he would say, !
that limiting the salary of a collector in New i
York to the amount that would satisfy a judge, |
would not meet his concurrence, the duties :
were of a very different character. A man fit to j
be a collector in New York, possessing qualifica- j
tions in knowledge of business, experience, in- ;
telligence, -high and long-tried integrity, would, j
of New York, command higher i
Cost more than paid $19,650 50
Thus showing the actual cost of the above four
branches of the New York custom-house to ex-
ceed the amount stated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his':report, to have been paid, by the
sum of $119,438 14, and this too without any ex-
planation from the Treasury Department.
The compensation of several of the officers en-
gaged in these departments is made up by fees for
entrance and clearance of ships and vessels, per-
mits to land goods, and various other specified
duties, and by per centage upon the amount of
customs received, with limitations upon the
amount of annual compensation to be received
by most, if not all, of these officers.
Now, he supposed, upon reflection, that this
sum of $119,438 14, which the report shows these
departments to have cost, but which the report
does not show to have been paid, was actually
paid by fees prescribed by law, but of which no
account is given in this report. If he was right in
this matter, the Secretary should have made a full
and fair statement of the entire costs of the collecT
dons from customs. Add this sum of §119,438 14
to the aggregate expenses actually paid for the
I i collection of the customs at New York, as report-
j| ed by the Secretary, of $868,774 53, and we have
II the sum of $983,212 67, every cent of which i3
i i just as much a tax upon the people—the produc-
j; tive industry of the country—as if it had been first
(j paid into the Treasury. The labor of the coun-
jj try is the Treasury of the Government. His ob-
i; ject was to protect it from unnecessary burdens.
t! The report shows the amount paid
!i for appraisements to be §137,321 06
|j When the number of officers given and
1 their salaries $re extended and foot-
[| ed up, the entire annual cost of this
, Department appears to be only.. ... 90,026 00
Difference $47,295 06
li Thus showing that there was actually paid for
appraisements at the single port of New York
$47,295 06; more than the entire cost of all the
1 persons employed m this service, as by reference
i to the report will clearly appear. To say the
, least of it, this entire report seemed to be vague,
i confused and incomprehensible, as a report of ex-
1 penses which have heretofore occurred and been
