Ib50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
827
paid. And as an estimate upon which to base fu- !
ture appropriations, it was wholly unsatisfactory.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOLMES moved to amend the amend-
ment as follows:
Provided, That-the Secretary of the Treasury have au-
thority to expend for the collection of the revenue in Cali-
fornia so much as may be necessary therefor.
He said this was an amendment which was
recommended by the practical good sense which
characterized the conduct of individuals and of cor-
porations in the management of their business. It
is perfectly obvious (said he) that gentlemen on the
other (the Democratic) side are lost in amazement
at their own figures, and before them—
" Wilds immeasurably spread,
Seem length'nmg as they go."
Now (he continued) unless there were more wis-
dom in this House, to collect the revenues of this
country and to manage the machinery of their col-
lection than intelligent merchants or corporations
had in conducting their own business operations,
they could not reasonably appropriate a certain sum
•and say to the Secretary of the Treasury, You may
use this; but you must not go one cent beyond it.
Would a merchant or a corporation who had just
erected an immense steam engine, with the exact
capabilities of which—the exact amount of fuel it
would require, or the price of that fuel, the amount,
cost of the labor necessary to keep the machine in
■operation—they were not acquainted, appropriate
a certain.amount and tell their agent to go forward
and keep the engine in operation, but that he must
3imit to the sum prescribed by the expenses' Was J
there a man, astute in figures as gentlemen were, 1
who could give any estimate, any approximation !
to an estimate of the revenue which would be re- j
ceived in California, or of the cost of the tabor,
the erection of buildings and all the paraphernalia !
necessary for the collection of that revenue? Un- ;
less they were to show themselves wiser in their ;
generation than any and every body else, they j
would make no arbitrary limitation, but would j
leave the Secretary with means sufficient to collect
the revenue, and hold him to liis accountability as
a public officer for the proper discharge of this
duty.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, remarking that they were now
acting upon probably the most important bill that
would come before the House, and that perhaps
not two-thirds of the House were in, said he would
move that the committee rise; and he hoped that
liis side of the House would not vote, so that less
than a quorum would appear, and they would
thus have the roll called and it be seen who were
absent.
The CHAIRMAN propounded the question on
the motion to rise.
Several gentlemen, namely.- Messrs. Conkad,
Toombs," Williams, and Phelps, addressed the
Chair—some of them proceeding to make some re-
marks, but being calied to order.
Mr. TOOMBS, however, succeeded in saying
that this motion was an extraordinary one—ex-
traordinary in every sense of the word.
Mr. BAYLY withdrew the motion, remarking
that gentlemen on the other side misunderstood his
object in making it. His object had,been, not to
break up the committee, but to call members in.
Mr. HOUSTON pto forma renewed the amend-
ment of Mr. Holmes.
He said he thought this whole debate, running
tiow through two or three days, showed the ne-
cessity of adopting the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury on this subject. He
complained, as much in this case, of the Commit-
tee.of Ways and Means, as some members of the
Committee of Ways and Means seemed disposed
to complain of the Secretary of the Treasury.
From the foundation of the Government up to the
3d of March last, we had never had any law which
professed to limit the expenses of the collection of
the revenue. At that time, with a great increase
of the maritime coast of the country, Congress
had passed this law, upon information which, at
that time, was relied upon—that was, that the
revenue could be collected for the amount estima-
ted by Mr. Walker, the late Secretary of the
Treasury. It was now found that it could not
be done; it had not then been done; it could not
be done And gentlemen now came forward and
complained that specific estimates of all the items
of expenditure had not been submitted to Con-
gress, and went on to propose plan after plan to
do that very thing which had never before been
done. What did the limitation proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means amount to? It
was a mere gross sum. He wanted the committee
to report; the committee should report every item
of expenditure in the collection of the revenue.
Until this was done, (he only thing for this House
to do was to suspend the act of the 3d of March.
They should not attempt to limit the amount of
expenditure unless they could ascertain exactly
every item of expenditure. He hoped the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would act promptly
upon this question during the present session of
Congress. He wanted it to be done. He thought
it could be done. But until it was done, he was
not disposed to grope his way in the dark by
attempting to fix arbitrary limitations. He with-
drew the amendment.
Mr. THURSTON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the resolution re-
ported as a substitute by the Committee of Ways
and Means:
" But no part of the appropriation hereby made shall be
applied to defray the expenses of collecting the revenue m
California and Oregon, during the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1850."
The amendment having been sent to the table
and read—
Mr. THURSTON said:
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment
to the substitute reported by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to enable me to
state a few facts to the committee, which I do not
believe to be well understood. If the resolution to
which I propose this amendment shall pass as re-
ported, it will allow the Secretary of the Treasury
a certain sum, with which to collect the revenues
of the Government, including the expenses in-
curred in that service on the Pacific coast. I do
not propose to discuss the point whether too much
or too little is proposed to be placed at the disposal
of the Secretary for the collection of the revenue;
but I wish to suggest the impropriety of including
California and Oregon in this arrangement, in
which the revenues collectcd in their several ports
will be snbject to the same laws in collecting
which apply to the Atlantic side of the continent.
Now, sir, it so happens that the state of things
on the Pacific side is anomalous, unprecedented,
and to which the present revenue laws cannot well
be made to apply. There is a state of things there
that do not exist here, and will not—a state to
which the present laws are inadequate. What
then should be done? What all wise governments
ought to do, frame their laws to meet the circum-
stances of the times and the case. Offer a remedy
in shape of laws that will fill the extent of the de-
mand. In other words: if the state of things are
different on the Pacific coast from what they are
on the Atlantic, to which these laws were origi-
nally intended to apply, to meet which was the
object for which they were made—if, I say, the
needs and wants of the revenue service on that side
are other and different from what they are on this, j
then let this Congress, as it should, meet the case, j
furnish a remedy, full and ample remedy, by I
special legislation for the collection of the revenue
on that side. For this reason, I do not wish that
coast to be included in this arrangement; because, ,
if it is, the public service on that side must be ]
neglected, and much revenue lost. It is certain, j
qmte certain, that the requisite seivice on that side
cannot be obtained for wages, eilher authorized or
justified by the present laws. And I am opposed
to leaving the expense of collecting the revenue on
that side discretionary with the Secretary; if so,
he must rely on his officers, and their discretion
will be very likely to run into extravagance. But
there must be a remedy somehow, for certain it is,
that the revenue cannot be safely collected in
Oregon and California,' under the present laws,
and with the present pay.
Take the collection district of Oregon for exam-
ple. The collector resides at Ast-oria, some two
hundred and fifty miles by water to the port of
Nesqually. This port is that where the Hudson's
Bay Company import, a large quantity of their
goods. Up to this time,'there has been no deputy
collector at that port—no revenue officer of any
kind—because the collector has been unable to
find a man who would discharge the duties of the
office for the salary, or any pay within the power
of the collector to give. There is, then, nothing
to prevent the Hudson's Bay Company, or other
foreigners, from smuggling goods to any amount
into that port, and not only to supply the Briti&h
north, but to flood over the Territory with goods
on which no duty is paid. To say nothing about
the danger to which the revenue is exposed by
this state of things, our merchants in Oregon will
have to contend against odds, paying duty on
their own goods,'and selling in competition- with
the company who may smuggle theirs. Whether
this is the fact now or not, I will not pretend to
say; but sure it is, that such will be the case, un-
less this desideratum in the revenue service in
Oregon is supplied by special legislation. Even
the collector himself is there on the petty salary of
one thousand dollars a year, when the wages of a
good mechanic sometimes reaches to sixteen dol-
lars a day. Such is my information by the last
mail. And if a remedy is not provided, even the
collector will resign, and the whole district be thu"S
left unofficered.
But, Mr. Chairman, if you take the California
district, things are still worse. There the Govern-
ment has a collector, whose duties are defined by
law. The present laws were framed to apply to
circumstances totally different from those with
which he is surrounded. I am informed by the
Representatives from that State, just arrived here,
that the collector at San Francisco, in order to save
and protect the revenue, has, under the advice of
friends, taken the responsibility of paying for ser-
vices mare than is authorized by law, relying oa
the magnanimity of the Government to approve
his acts under the circumstances of the case. But
after he has gone as far as he dared go, he has not
paid a price for services near what the same ser-
vices would have commanded at other markets.
The result is, that many men have been magnani-
mously laboring for this Government, under half
pay, expecting, when the facts come to be rightly
understood by Congress, that they will be proper-
ly remunerated for their service. The result will
be, if this state of things goes on, and no legislation
be had to meet the case, that this and future Con-
gresses will be flooded with petitions, praying for
compensation for services rendered the Govern-
ment in California.
i The state of things in California are as they are.
! The Government must meet them, and provide
1 for them. We must have laws adapted to the
i times and circumstances, and not compel those to
i adapt themselves to the laws. The Government
cannot expect to be served below par—what busi-
ness men give for labor she must give. Now, I
am informed that the collector in San Francisco
has ventured to pay inspectors four dollars per
day. Labor has been obtained for this price, but
with a sort of an understanding that the Govern-
ment will makeup the deficit. It is nothing more
than rio-ht that Government should do this, for how
can it be expected for men to labor for four dollars
per day, when the expense of living may be ten
dollars per day? Who can expect one to serve
the Government for four dollars per day, when
for the same time, he can be paid ten or sixteen
dollars ?* It is evident, therefore, nay, it is conclu-
sive, that, unless there is some special legislation
to meet the case, the Government will lose thou-
sands of dollars of revenue, that, with the services
required, might have been collected.
A "am, Mr. Chairman, I am informed that the
collector at San Francisco does not wish that the
expenses of collecting the revenue in California
should be left either to his discretion, or to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury. I do not
believe it should be. The reasons assigned by the
collector are cogent—they are just—-and they are
the?e: that the state of facts in California *s 80
: artomalous, so entirely different from any that has
1 ever existed on this coast, that, although he or the
j Secretary might economise in the most rigid man-
, ner, then the expenses would be such in many
case* that Congress could not be made to believe
I they were no°extravagant. I do not think U policy
i to allow this discretion to the Secretary 01 to his
collectors. I am for restricting them by law; then
i they know what to do, and the Government knows
■ what it has a right to expect. Up to this, t.me,
I the collector there has had to exercise a large dis-
! cretion, and the result is, as I am told by one of
I the Representatives from there, that neither the
' collector nor any one else is able to tell what has
' been the actual expense of collecting the revenue.
