1 50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3-29
the same; which were severally referred to the Committee
ori the Post Office and Po<ftRoads.
Also, the petition of Wiliiain EKvell, jr., of Mayfit>!d, in
the counlv of Somerset, State of Maine* for a pension. Re-
ferred 10 the Committee on Jnvnlid Pensions.
llyMr. REKO: The petition of professors and students
of Washington College, Pennsylvania, for cheap postage.
Also, the'pKitioo of j. McCoroi) and 153 others, citizens
of Ashland county, Ohio, praying the discontinuance of the
Sabbath mails.
Also, the petition of J. W. F. White and 109 others, for
ch< ap postage; which were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pos>t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DURHAM: The petition of William G. Arm-
strong and 145 otbere, citizens of the city of Jeffersonviile,
Indiana, praying the passage of an act of Congress declaring
said city a port of delivery under the charge of the revenue
officers of the port of Louisville, Kentucky; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Uy Mr. LlTTLEFlShD: The petition of Rev. L. W.
Harris and 55 others, citizens of North Brtdgton, Maine,
praying lor reduction of postage.
Also, the petition of James Strout and 120 others, citizens
of Durham, Maine, praying the reduction of postage; *ach
of which were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
tty Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Richard Walden, of
Jackson county, Ohio, a soldier during the war with Eng-
land in 1814, praying for a pension. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
13y Mr. BAYLY : The petition of the heirs of William
Shirl^ck for bounty land-
By Mr. CONGER: The memorial of 50 citizens of Cayu-
ga countys New York, asking the establishment of postage
on prepaid leuers at two cents per half ounce.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of John Kirk, B. I?\
Hiener and others, citizens of Yonngs^own, Mahoning coun-
ty, Ohm, praying the reduction of postage on prepaid letters
to two cents por half ounce.
By Mr. RTSLEY: The petition of John Stewaid and 71
other citizens of Chautauque countv, TJew York, prating
Congress to grant an appropriation for the improvement of
Portland harboron Lake Erie- Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Walker Reid, and 58 other surviving officers and soldiers of
the |rite war with Great Britain, asking Oonciess to grant
bounty lands to the officers and soldiers who served in that
war.
Also, the inomoiial and pioceedings of a meeting ot ihe
ciuz'-ns of Mason county, Kentucky, and certain surviving
officers of the late war with Great Britain, asking that
bounty lauds may he granted to the officers and soldiers who
served in that war.
Also, the memorial of L. E. Bennett, and other volunteer
officers of the late war with Mexico, praving that the sur-
viving officers, and the heirs of deceased officer, \\ ho served
in that war, may he further provided for by Congress.
Also, the memorial of J. M. Preston and nutritious other
citizens of Covington, Kentucky, praying a reduction of
the rates of postage to two cents tor every half ounce of
prepaid letter matter.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of Alexander B.
Johnson, Enquire, President of the Ontario Branch Bank,
and 11 other citizens of Utica, Oneida county, New York,
in favor of a uniform reduction of postage on prepaid letters
to two cents per half ounce.
Also,the petition ofL. Lord Onties, and 81 other citizens
of the same place, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Francis Bates, and 21 other citizens
of ihe same place, for the same purposo.
Also, the petition of Ephraim Lanfred, and 116 other cit-
izens of Camden, same county, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John Remington, and 19 other citi-
zens of the same place, tor the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Artemas Tiowbndge, and 34 other
citizens of the same place, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of O. S. Williams, and 5 other citizens
of Clinton, m same county, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of teachers and students ofWlutestown
Seminary, in same county, for same purpose: all of winch
petitions were severally referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Ilenrv R* Hart, and 20 other citizens
of sain* countv, interested in the manufacture of iron, in
favor of increasing the duties on iron, and making tne
uties thereon specific .
V.\ Mi KAUFMAN: The petition of citizens of bamne
pari-t), fur a mail route fiom Maury to P. H. Hilton's.
A!<?o, the petition of citizens of \ an Zandt county, for a
!. i'i)i> petition of citizens of Newton and Sabine coun-
E a'ko, tlic petition of citizens ot Cass and Upshur coun-
^A'iio, thli petition of citizen? of Van Zandt county, for a
mail routo from Mmmt Pleasant to Palestine.
Also X Potion of John Woik, late assistant surgeon.
Also, the memorial of Charles Black of GaWe,.
Bv Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of ten. N. Y.Km&Ker-
bociterand 1,112 others, citizens of Steuben count;,IMw
York, that postage be charged at but two cents per lu f
""(h^Mr &0P\GLANDS: Tlie petition sianed by John Gray j
and 42 others of the Stale of Ohio, asking for a modification
Sf the law reanlanns postage. .Referred to the Committee
nn thr Po t Offii-H ,ind Vnrt Rood". _
Rv Mr THOMP.SO'V, of Pennsylvania: A memorial
signed' by' Hon. C. M. Uecd, and seventy other eitizc ns of
j?m- countv, Pennsylvania, asking for a reduction of the
" AKO, a manorial naned h  E Haskell, ami fifty other citi-
•/-ens of Clarion countv, Pennsylvania, of similar mipor
''l^a to. the fbre.o,,,. and
so referred, s,,,.,,! by W. N. MeDou.all, BWq., and thirty
oth. i eitr/en^ of Potter eomity. Pent',svlvania.
Alio a men.oral nf Calvm Carroll ana lifty-stx cm*
of Potter and Tioga coimttes, Pennsylvania tor a mail
citizens
route
from P. McWells, Potter county, up Phcenix run" via .Mix-
town, to Westfield, Tioga county, Pennsylvania. Relerfed
to the Coinmitttee on Hie Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of Daniel Buckley, and forty-seven citi-
zens of McKean county, for a mail route from Roulett,
Potter county, to Cerfs, McKean county, Pennsylvania.
Referred as above.
Also, a petition signed by John Harlet, and thirty other
citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, for a mail route
from Catfish Post Office, Clarion county via Colllnsburg
and Jefferson Furnace to Sluppervilie, Clarion county,a dis-
tance of twenty miles.
Also, a memorial stoned by William Henry, jr., and forty
other citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, for an alter-
ation of the tariff, and introduction of specific duties. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, a similar memorial, siened by Justice Mehl, and
thirty-seven other citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania,
and similarly referred.
By Mr. WENTWORTH : Severn! petitions from the citi-
zens of Chicago, for fixing the rate ot po.-tage at two cents
the half ounce, lleferred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Po^t Roads.
AI«o, the petition of citizens of Peoria countj% Illinois, on
the subject of land limitation and land reform. Referred to
the Committee on PtiMic Lands.
Also, the petition of Daniel H. Temple, teacher of the
Chicago English and Classical High School, and his pupils,
for a reduction of postage to two cents prepaid. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Officfe and Post Roads.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of Abner Loid Backup,-
and 147 ofher citizen? of Lucas county, Ohio, foi a reduc-
tion in the rates of postage. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. COLE ; Th*> petition of D. Halt, jr., H. A. Tenny,
and 460 other citizens of Wisconsin, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mml route fiom Madison, Wisconsin, to
Prairie du Cbien via the WisconMn River Valley. Referred
to the Committee on ihe Post Officp and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of John Davis, and 60 other citizens of
Wisconsin, for the establishment of a mail route from Min-
eral Point to Prame du Chien via Linden, &.c. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Po-t Roads.
By Mr. BAY: The memorial of J. B. New, relative to the
United States mad service.
Bv Mr CALDWELL, of Kentucky: The petition of the
heirs of John Emerson, praying an allowance of interest on
commutation pay allowed tor services in the Revolutionary
war. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claim*.
By Mr. WELLBORN: The petition of D. F. Wilcox, Asa
Pond, and others, praying the reduction of postage on pre-
paid letters of half an ounce to two cents.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of Jarvis Boies and others,
of the State of Connecticut, praying for the enactment of
such laws a* will protect them in the enjoyment of a patent
light, which is used m (he British Provinces of North
America, and the articles there made and sold m the markets
ol the United States, to the injury, and against the rights 01
the petitioner*. f
By Mr. KING, of Mi^sachusetts : The petition of James I
Phillips and 55 other citizens, of Lynn, Massachusetts, lor i
placing buoys on dangerous rocks near Boston and Lynn ,
harbors. j
Also, the petition of D. P. Gailorep and the officers of the j
Essex County Teachers' Association, in aid of the memo- j
rial of the Philadelphia Teachers' Convention for a bureau
for collecting educational statistics.
Also, the petition of Peter Rix, for increase of pension.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY": The petition of the citizens
of the State of Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from McConneilsville to Cambridge.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Washington county,
praymtr for the establishment of a mail route from Constitu-
tion to Federalton. „ _
Al«o, a petition of the citizens of Morgan and Perry coun-
ties, praying for the establishment of a mail loyte from
Malta to Logan.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Morgan and Perry coun-
ties, praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Deava to Athens. . r. * •
Also, the petition of citizens of Stomrmtan and Groton„ in
Connecticut, praying for an appropriation for the removal
of the sandbar in Mystic river, and for buoys, beacons, &c.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mi. NELSON: The petition of Peter U. Morsan. ad-
ministrator of John Arnold, deceased, and George G. Bish-
op. for the extension of certain letters patent. Referred to ;
the Committee on Patents. i
Bv Mr. PARKER: The petition of Daniel Burkhartand
others, citizens of Berkeley county, Viigmia, prating for
the reduction of postage on prepaid letters, and its removal
from newspapers witlun 30 miles of the place of their pub-
lication. _ .
By Mr. GOTT: The memoiial of E. W. Cnrties anrt
others, citizens of Onondaga county, New York, for cheap
P°Also^'the niemonal of D. C. Leroy and others, citizens of
said county, (or the same puipo&o.
Also, the in«*niorial of Win. Finch and 48 other citizens;
the memorial of William Khoades and 68 other citizens;
arid the memorial of' Win. H. Topp and 430 other citizen*
of Onondago county, Npw York, for the relief of Drayton
and Sayre. now in prison m the District of Columbia. Also,
for the abolition ot slavery in said Distuct, and for other
purposes.
By Mr. WILSON: The petition of Samuel Griffin and 43
others, citizens of iVolson, Nre.w Hamp^iire; the petition ot
R. Cojieiand and IU3 other.-, citizen, of W.il|io'e, New
Hampshire ; the petition of Samuel H- Toltnan ami 9 others,
citizens of South Merrimack.New Hampshire; and tliepe-
tition of John Wintmore, and 49 others, citizens ot Filz-
wiiiiant, New Hampshire, all praying for cheap postage.
Referred to the Committee on tile Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, tile memorial of Edward F. Sire and 30 others, cit-
izens of Poitsn.ouih, New Hampshire, piaving for certain
modifications reiaimg to the liabilities of American ship
owners. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HARALSON: The petition of Andrew Smith, of
Campbell county, Georgia, asking for the payment of certain
'Treasury notes belonging to liinj, which were stolen from
the mail, forged by some one unknown, and redeemed at
the Assistant Treasurer's office of the United Slates at New
York.
On motion Ivy Mr. HENKY,
Resolved, That the papers on file in the Clerk's office,
asking a pension for Bebecca Freeman, be taken therefrom,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 11, 1850.
MEMORIAL FOR DISSOLUTION OF THE UNION.
Tile first business in order being the unfinished
business of Friday morning, viz: a motion to re-
ceive a petition presented by Mr. Hale praying
for the dissolution of the. Union, on whien queB-
tion Mr.- Chase was entitled to the floor—
Mr. CHASE. When 1 yielded the floor on
Friday to the distinguished Senator from Texes, ■
[Mr. Houston,] 1 was about to say that the
course which 1 proposed to take upon the ques-
tion before us had a precedent in the action of the
Legislature of my own State. In both branches
of that Legislature, Mr. President, have petitions
on this subject been presented. They have, in
both branches, been disposed of by reference.
In the. House of Representatives, during the
last session, I think, a petition of this sort was
received and W8S referred, and an elaborate and
able report, against acting upon the prayer of the
petitioners, wag the result. At an earlier period,
a similar petition was presented in the Senate of
Ohio, and was received, referred, and repotted
upon. The report then submitted has since been
the subject of frequent and general commendation,
both North and South, as one most happily
adapted to the occasion.
1 think, sir, ibat the course Ihus indicated is the
right course. It is founded upon a correct ap-
prehension of the nature of the right of petition,
and the tiue duty of legislative bodies in resp'ect
to such petitions as that now before us.
1 do not concur with those honorable Senatois
who have seen fit to disparage the right of petition as
" n poor right," " a right, to beg." It is the ines-
timable right, guarantied by the Constitution to
I the people,of making known, in proper form, their
' wishes to the Legislature. It is called, indeed, in
| the Constitution, the right of "petition." " Peli-
I tion" is the word used." But what is meant? Not
; supplication, certainly, but the right of the people
! to express their views upon any subject of interest
' to them, and to ask such action as they may de-
sire. The word " petition/' is used in the sense
that belongs to it when used in judicial proceed-
ings. It describes an application in writing. It
may be art application for that which is demanda--
ble as an absolute right, or that which the tribunal
or body addressed may grant or deny atdiscretion,
or that which cannot be granted at all, for want of
power to grant or to act upon the subject of the ap-
plication. But it is for the people, to whom the
! right of petition belongs, to determine for-them-
se^ves upon what occasions they will exercise it;,
and when Jhey have determined, and have exer-
cised it, and their petitions are presented here, or
it! any other legislative body, they should be re-
i ceived. To refuse to receive them IS, 1J1 my
| judgment, an infringement upon their right. When
j'once received, they may be disposed of as seems
j fit, in any way consistent with a fair and respect-
i ful hearing. To stop short of this—to refuse to
, receive a petition—to say to the petitioners, " you
;; shall not be heard"—is an invasion of their eon-
:i stitutional privilege. Sir, we cannot abridge that
!: privilege by law. It is riot in the power of both
!' branches of Congress combined to abridge that
1; piivilege by law; much less can we abridge it by
!j mere usage or rule. _ 1 .
ii Nor, Mr. President, does it seem to me wise to
H denounce ns madmen those who come here, no
i matter whether from the North or from the South
j -no matter whether their petitions be presented
;i bv the Senator from North Carolina or the Sena-
tor from New Hampere-w ask for action pre-
, paratory to a dissolution of the Union. They a.e
I mistaken men, but, I hope, not mad. They ask
for action which we have no constitutional power
■i t0 take, and which we ought not to take, if we had
ji ^ power. They are mistaken if they think we
ij j1RVe the power. They are mistaken if they think
ji that the power, if we had it, should be exercised,
{j They depict the southerners as weii as the north-
