18,50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
142S
Mr. FITCH. { desire to state the reason why
the Chair is mistaken. I deny that the committee
haveacted upon this matter 
Loud calls to order.
Mr. FITCH resumed his seat.
The CHAIRMAN again stated his decision.
Mr. PITCH appealed therefrom. And (said
Mr. F.) I ask that my amendment may be again
read. It is not understood by the Chair. The
amendment which 1 propose to offer has a pro-
spective operation. It is, to admit Mr. Smith as
Delegate from New Mexico at a certain future day.
The CHAIR. The Clerk will read the amend-
ment.
The amendment having been again read—
The CHAIR Said, the Chair decides that this
amendment substantially brings before the com-
mittee the proposition to admit Mr. Smith as a
Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico,
v/hich proposition was rejected by the committee
on a previous day. And from this decision an ap-
peal is taken.
Mr. JONES, (to the Chair.) Is not the amend-
ment out of order on the ground of irrelevancy
also ?
The CHAIR. The Chair so decides.
Mr. RICHARDSON desired to put an inquiry
to the Chair. He understood that the question
was pending on the adoption of the resolution re-
ported by the Committee on Elections. The
House was dividing and tellers were demanded.
He desired to know whether it was in oider to
entertain this proposition pending the decision of
the other question ?
The CHAIR, said, the Chair understood the de-
mand for tellers to have been withdrawn, other-
wise tlft Chair would not have entertained another
proposition.
Mr. FITCH, (to the Chair.) Does the Chair
rule my amendment out of order upon the ground
that the subject-matter of it had been previously
acted upon, or upon the ground of irrelevancy?
The CHAIR. Oil both grounds—first, on the
ground that the amendment is not germane, as has
been decided on a former occasion by the commit-
tee; and, secondly, upon the ground that the sub-
ject-matter has been disposed of by the committee,
'and is not, therefore, in Older.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative, without
a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the amendment of Mr. Fitch was not re-
ceived.
The question then recurred on the motion here-
tofoie submitted by Mr. Jones, that the commit-
tee rise and report to the House the resolution le-
ported by the Committee 011 Elections, (declaring
it inexpedient to admit Mr. Babbit as a Delegate
from the Territory of Deseret.)
The question was taken, and decided w the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the committee rose, and reported the resolu-
tion to the House. .
And the question being on the adoption of that
resolution—
Mr. STRONG demanded the previous question.
Mr. DUERasked Mr. S. to withdraw.
Mr. STROJNG declined.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 now move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table, and on that motion I
ask the yeas and nays. . . , „ , N
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (to the Speaker.)
If the motion to lay the resolution on the table pre-
vail, will it carry the whole subject with it?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table, should it prevail, will carry the
whole subject with it—as the Chair decided on a
former occasion.
The yeas and nays on the motion of Mr. boa-
man were then ordered. ,
And the question, "Shall the resolution be laid
ott the table?" was taken, and decided m the ai-
jirmative-—yeas J04, nays 78; as follow:
YEAS—Me^rs. Alison, .Amh rson, Ashe, Ashmun, Aver-
ftr Bavlv, Bocoek, Boudon, Bowie, Breck, WUUam >,
HftnvjJ,"liufl, Hint, Chester Cutler, Thomas ii. hiu'yr, j
«< or«e A. Galdwtll, Joseph V. Caldwell, Cluigiuau Wil- t
hi«w>h R. W. Cobls Colcock, Conrad, Daniel, Deberry, j
tfiuunick, Duncan, Dunham, Ethmiud^on, tVather^ou,
Fuller Geiiv, Gorman, H<dl, Hamilton, Haral-
son Isham G. Hams, Thomas L. Hairis, IlHjmond, Hib-
bard, liilhfwd, Hoagta-ud, Holladay, Holme-, Howard, Hub-
hard ln e, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jame  L.
Joliu-iun" Robcit W. Johnson, Jones, Kerr, John A. King,
La S&re, Littlefhld, Job Mann, Maishall, Matteson, Mc-
Dowell, Robert W. McLdtie, Funs E. McLean, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Million, Moreh^atl,
Morse, Morton, Orr, Outjaw, Owen, Parker, I'ea^lee,
Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbing Ro^c?, Savage, Saw-
telle, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Sianton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Thomas, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Venabjc, W'alden,
Waldo, Wallace, Watkms, Wf liborn, Whittlesey, Wil
drick, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward, and Young—104.
NAYS—Mes&rs. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bingham,
Bissell, Bokee, Booth. Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Jo&eph
Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, CroweH, Dickey, Dixon, Doty,
Duer, Durkee, Alexander Evan?>, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Fowler, Gentry, Guiding?, Gilniore,Gnodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Haljovvay, Flarlan, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter,
Julian, Geoige G. Ktn^, James G. King, Preston King,
Leffier, Horace Mann, McDonald, Meachatn, Moore, Morris,
NeUon, Newell, Ogie, Otis, Pitman, Potter, Iieed, Risley,
Koot, Rose, Kumsey, ScheiKk,Sehermerliorn, ck-hooleralt,
Spaulding, Sprayue, Thaddeu> Steven*-, Stetson, Sweeper,
T.ivlor, Thurman, underhill, Wentworth, White, Wilmot
and Wood—78. ^
So the resolution was laid upon the table. j
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote by j
which the resolution was laid on the table, and to
lay that motion on the table.
The question was taken, and
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
So the whole subject was disposed of by being
laid on the table.
Mr. MRADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and to have put uponits passage, a joint
resolution from the Senate, (of which the purport
was not stated.)
Mr. BURT objected-
On motion, the House adjourned.
petitions, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and appropriately re-
ferred. !
By Mr. MEACflAM: The petition of Quintius C. Rich :
and 100 citizens ot Slioreham, Vermont, asking tor a change |
ot tiie revenue laws of lb46. J
By Mr. CHAX'DLEii • The pen lion of the Franklin In- j
stitute, ut Philddelpnia, asking Congress to authorize the j
appointment ot a scu-'Htitii* eoips, to he attached to the com- j
mission on the Mexican Dounu.uy survey. i
By Mi. TUCK : The remonstrance oi Enoch Place and j
40 othets, ministers ot the Fiee Will Baptist connection, in ,
New lUmpshne, agaim-t the extension of slaveiy into ter- I
ritoty now free, against the enactment of any more stringent
laws (or the rccapture of fugitive slaves, and against the
continuance ot shivery m the District ot Columbia.
By Mr. Dt'TY: The petition of D. Rood, Enoch G.
Dailmg, and William YVad&worth, lor a mail-route from
Madison to YYauke^iau.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 20,1850.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of the
Interior, made m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 28th of March last, calling for
the quantity of land sold and the amount ot money
received at each of the land offices of the United
States during the last three years, together with
the expense ot' each of said offices, and the quan-
tity of land now remaining; unsold, &o.
On motion of Mr. FELCH* it was ordered that
it be referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and the motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
memorials akd petitions.
Mr. SEWARD presented a. memorial of citi-
zens of De Ruyter, New York, asking that a pub-
lic vessel may be employed to convey the delegates
from the United States to the Peace Convention :
at Frankfort, in Germany, which was ordered, to ,
lie on the table. 1
Mr. MASON presented a memorial ofsurgeons
m the army and navy, and physicians of Annap-
olis, Maryland, asking the regulation by law of
the rank of the medical officers of the navy ; which
was referied to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of in-
habitants of Newark, Wayne county, New York,
asking that a pension be granted to Samuel Dewey;
which was referred to the Committee oti Pen-
sions. . t
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented addi-
tional documents in the case of the legal represent-
atives of Gen. Nathaniel Greene; which were le-
i'erred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Charles Hibbs, principal
messenger in the office of the Commissioner of
I Pensions; which was referred to the Committee on
I Military Atfiurs.
Mr. DAVJS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial signed by some 600 persons of Black-
stone, in the State of Massachusetts, asking- a
modification of the tariff of 1846, and the substitu-
tion of specific for ad valorem duties, setting forth
that they have found by experience the operation
of the revenue lawa of 1846 most disastrous to
their industrial pursuits; which was refeired to the
Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. GREENE. I have a petition similar in
import to that first presented by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, from citizens of Kill-
mgiy, Connecticut, which I dsire may have the
same reference*, the motion wasagreed to.
On motion l>y Mr. BRADBURY,
Ordered, That Amos Holton have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
METEOROLOGY.
Mr. MANGUM. Some time since the Senate
adopted an order to print a report of theSecretaiy
of theNavy, communicatingthe report of Professor
William P. Espy on the subject of meteorology;
and i rise now for the purpose of moving that an
additional number be printed, say four thousand
copies. It is a very interesting document, as I
learn on all hands. Many stones have been used
in lithographing the copies now in preparation,
which, unless these additional copies be ordered at
once, will be obliteiated in a short time. It is the
value of the report, and the demand there is for it,
which prompts me to make this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands this report to have been once referred to
the Printing Committee, who directed its printing,
and that the motion now is to print an extra num-
ber.
Mr. MANGUM. Yes, sir. I am under the
impression that the motion to print an extra num-
ber does not necessarily go to the Printing Com-
mittee. They have ordered the report to be
printed, and it will be competent for the Senate to
order the extra number at once.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know if this is the
report indicating the character of storms through-
out the country.
Mr. MANGUM. I have not read the report,
but it is one in which there is collected, as 1 un-
derstand, a vast amount of data in reference to that
interesting science which, a few years a^o, even
among the wisest, was the subject of ridicule, but
which is the subject of ridicule no longer, except
among the uninformed, it has the highest testi-
monials in favor of it as a science, and has excited
general attention in Europe—among others, from
the celebrated Arago. I understand that a num-
ber of stones have been used for lithographing a
portion ofthts work, which will soon be destroyed.
An additional number can be struck off at a veiy
slight expense, and X hope the Senate will feel no
difficulty in ordering the work.
Mr, HALE. I have opposed propositions of
this sort so often and so unsuccessfully that really
I feel disheartened at interposing- any objection to
this one.
Mr. BADGER, (in hisseat.) Withhold it, then.
Mr. HALE. No, i cannot withhold it. The
Senator from North Carolinasays that this matter
was formerly a subject of general ridicule, but that
now it is only a matter ot ridicule among the un-
informed. We/1, sir, I confess myself to be among
that uninformed number. I do not believe one
word of it, and as to the high testimonials that it
has elicited, peimit me to say one word. There
is another book which has received high testi-
monials; and if this motion to print extra copies
of this report be adopted, it will be well enough to
i amend it by ordering the printing of four thousand
| copies of Webster'sdictionary on thissame ground.
I No book that has been published lately has re-
j ceived testimonials so high as that, and yetl ven-
1 ture to say that a greater humbug has never been
presented to us. And if it is adopted as a standard,
I we shall soon have no English language at all on
| this side of the Atlantic, but merely a sort of
i American patuis. Although we hear daily lectures
I from all sides of the house about our extravagance
in printing, yet there are continually presented
wibe propositions for extra printing, which find
somebody to chum an exception for them from the
charge of extravagance, and, despite of all the lec-
tures on economy, they aie adopted, if we ever
mean to arrest this m&uer, we must begin to do it
at once.
