1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22.
Mr, BADGER. I wish merely to say that I
shall indulge in no lecture on economy. X think
they are very idle disquisitions, and that, in regard
to this subject of printing, they are always brought
forward without an expectation or prospect, how-
ever sincere may be the desire of those who bring
them forward, that they will induce the practice
of economy. In truth, the name is so often used
and so much abused that I think it rather carries
a prejudice against any proposition which is intro-
duced with a flourishing declaration on the subject
of economy. What my colleague said in regard
to this report is true. What was once jeered and
laughed at has now come to command ihe respect
ancf consideration of the scientific world, and i see
no reason why the Senate should not order this
publication. 1 hope that, notwithstanding this old
cry of economy, there will be no serious obstacle
offered to doing what may tend to advance the in-
terests of science, and promote the welfare of the
country.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. MANGUM. I will modify the motion so
as to piovide for the printing of three thousand
additional copies.
The motion was so modified, and the question
being taken, it was agreed to, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atcluaou, Cadger, Burrif.n, C;na, Clarke,
Clav, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, DolIl"; ot Wisconsin,
Dodge ill low*, Douglas, Downs, Greene, Houston, Jones,
M-ingum, Peaiee, Plielps, itu.-k, Seward, riuu/e, ekuigeun,
Underwood, Uphdin, and Wales—
NA\ 8—Messis. Bradbuiy, Brigllt, Chase, Clemens, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dayton, DrUiusoii, Feleh, fialu, Ilaiulin,
Kins, Mason, Noiris, Pratt, Sebastian, S|,ruance, Turney,
Walker, VVhueoiiib, and Yulee—20.
NEW MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the following resolution:
Rcsoh'cdf That the Committee on Military Allans be in-
structed to inquire into tile evprdieney 01 prohibiting by
law any officer of ill'' army from assuming or exercising
witllln tlio limits 01 Ihe United States any civil power or
authoiuy not conferred by any act of Congress, and of pro-
viding an adequate punishment for such ollelice.
Mr. PEARCE addressed the Senate upwards
of an hour, in reply to the remarks of Mr. Hous-
ton on preceding days, and m defence of the late
President of the CJnued States.
A leport will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. RUSK. 1 do not use, Mr. President, at
this moment, to enter into this debate, or even to
answer the extraordinary arguments of the Sen-
ator Irom Maryland ; much less do 1 rise with any
purpose of preventing my colleague from embra-
cing an opportunity of defending himself. But 1
rise dimply to say, in connection with this subject,
as this question of boundary between Texas and
the United States is approaching a point, and as it
is about to become a question who drew the sword,
1 rise to say that Texas came into the Union
claiming these boundaries, and that, in all the ne-
gotiations and transactions that took place between
this Government and Mexico, this Government
insisted upon the boundaries of Texas as defined
by hciself. This fact all the negotiations show.
All the intercouise between this Government and
Mexico asserted the boundaries of Texas to the
Rio Grande. This was asset tell over and over
again. Every acre of that terntory claimed by
Texas was included in the treaty of peace between
Mexico and the United States. And, sir, these
boundaues, which were insisted upon as against
Mexico, and for which war was declared to assert
them, now are denied, when Texas is concerned.
And by whom? By the Congress of the United
States? No, sir. Under any authority of the
Congress? No, sir. By whom, then? underan
order of the Secretary of War, reversing the
former order! And we are told that if we attempt
by force to restrain a portion of our citizens, in
our territory, who under this advice are attempt-
ing to make a State, we shall be making war
against the United States, and shall thereby be
committing treason. 1 hope and trust that this ne-
cessity will be avoided. 1 hope and trust that the
action of' this Government will fall back into its
proper train, and that some of that kindness of
which Senators talk so much, but of which I must
confess 1 have seen so little, will be exhibited, and
that this matter will be amicably adjusted. I am
sure 1 have thrown no obstruction in the way. If
the question is left to be determined whether
Texas has a right to extend her laws there, and
if, under the advice of the Executive of this Gov-
ernment without the authority of Congress and the
consent of Texas, theses, people should form a
State for the purpose of being brought into this
Union—if, under these circumstances, this terri-
tory belonging to Texas is to be held under the
military force of the United States, Texas will re-
sist ; even if it be treason, she will resist—and the
full share of that treason that shall attach to one
citizen shall attach to me. With all my hopes of
peace and all my attachments to this Union, I
will never tamely submit to the exercise of un-
authorized military power, and you may be sure
that Texas will not. This is a contest between
right and wrong, and the right is with Texas.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until Monday
next, and I should now call for the order of the
day, but that an executive message has just been
received of an important character, which seems
to require immediate consideration.
The further consideration of the subject was ac-
cordingly postponed till eleven o'clock on Monday.
Mr. CLAY I now move that the Senate go
into executive session.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business ; and, after some time
spent theiem, the doois were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 22, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
A RECESS.
Mr. OLDS asked the unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution; which was read
for information:
Ra>oloed, (tilt; Senate concurring) That tlie Speaker ot
the House oi Llepiu&enuLUvig, and liie President or' the
Senate, adjourn tlii'n respective Houses on Monday, liie
:2btJi day of August next, at twelve o clock, 111.
Resolved, j uri/ier, by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Lmted Staiea of Jimerita, That the ne-vt sess-jon
ot tiie 31st Congress commence oil the first Monday ot
November next.
Objection being made,
Mr. OLDS moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer the resolution.
The SPEAKER suggested that the first propo-
sition contained in the resolution lequired the con-
currence of the Senate, but not of the President;
the second required also the signature of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. INGE expressed the hope that the latter
part would be stricken out.
Mr. OLDS said, he did not wish to offer the
proposition to adjourn on the SJ81I1 of August,
unless coupled with the proposition to meet on
the first of November.
The Sl^EAiiER'suggested that the gentleman's
object could be attained by modifying the reso-
lution so as to provide for taking a lecess from
28th August to 1st ^November.
Mr. OLDS accepted the suggestion, and modi-
fied his resolution, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring tnerpm,) That the Pres-
ident of the Senate, and the Speaker of the Hou e ol .Rep-
resentatives, adjourn their respective Houses on Monday,
the 5i8ili day oi August next, at tvvolve o'clock, in., to take
a tecesd until the ihst Monday in November next.
The question being on the adoption of the res-
olution,
Mr. RCJMSEY asked the yeas and naya.
BUSINESS O.N THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr, PRESTON K1JNTG rose to a question of
order, and inquired if there was not a previous
question pending upon the motion offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,]
on Monday last, that the rules of the House be
suspended to enable him to move to proceed to the
consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER, upon reference to the Journal,
stated that that motion had been made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and that it was the lirst
business in order.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the suspension of the rules to receive the motion
of Mr. Thompson.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays—
The SPEAKER counted the House, and. an-
nounced, ayes 16—not a sufficient number.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers upon or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question recurring upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules— ,
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Duncan and McMullen were appointed.
Mr. STANLY inquired what was the question?
Was it to suspend the rules to take up the resolu-
tion to fix the day of adjournment, or to receive
the resolution to proceed to business on the Speak-
er's table?
The SPEAKER. To proceed to business on
the Speaker's table.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 128, noes 1
So the rules were suspended.
The question being on agreeing to the motion to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table, was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing:
A message from the President, heretofore re-
ceived, which was read, and is as follows:
To the House of Representatives oj the United States:
1 iransimt to the House ot Representatives a <_opy of a
difpatch addressed by the Mnustei of the United ^utes at
Patia to the Secretary of State, with a translation of the
documents which accompanied it, relauve to the memoiial
ot Pierie Piron, a citizen ot the JPiencii Republic, who, it
will he peieeived, pre&ents a just claim to pecumaiy remu-
neration irom thirf Government, on account ot services
rendered to citizens of the United States.
Washington, June 13, IfcoO. Z. TAYLOR.
On motion by Mr. McCLERNAND, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affans, and ordered
to be printed.
A message from the President, heretofore re-
ceived, which was read, and is as follows:
To the House of Rtyi eseutatives of the United States :
I herewith transmit to the JHL>u-e ol Repiesuitatives a
report ol the Secretaiy ot State, with aceomp.in>nig papers,
m answer to its resolution oi UieSdtft oi'March iUst.
Washington, May 18,1850. - Z. TAYLOR,
[This covered the correspondence between the
Secretary of btate and the United States Consul at
Vienna.j
On motion by Mr. McCLERNAND, the mes-
sage and accompanying documents were referied
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
A message from the President, heretofore re-
ceived, which was read, and is as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
i herewith transmit a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating the information, as far as it can be furnished,
required by the resolution ot tli*-1 House oi Representatives
ol the 17th instant, lespeetnig the amount ol money col-
lected from cu>toms in California, Irom the conclusion ol the
war until the collector appointed under tne act ut M.ucn
3, It>49, entered upon his (Junes; the objects ior which said
money has been expended; and the authority under which
the collections arid disbursements were made.
Washington, June '26, 16.00. Z. TAYLOR.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY", referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
A message from the President of the United
States, heretofore received, which was read, and
is as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:^ -j
In reply to the resolution of the House of Repre?entahves
of the 17th ultimo, in regard to the number ot vessels, guns,
and men, constituting the Afncan squadron, the annual ex-
penses of that squadron, See., L submit herewith a report
Irom the Secretary of the Navy, with accompanying docu-
ments. Z. TAYLOR.
Washington, July ], 1850.
On motion by Mr. BURT, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affana.
Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States; which was read, as follows:
To the IIou*.e of Representatives of the United States:
1 herewith tian&iuit to the House ot fitpiehumauves, in
compliance with the icquest contained in their jesoSutum
of the 24th day of January last, the inlomiation Udived tor
by that resolution, telating to certain proceedings >4' the
British Government, in the forcible seizute and occupa-
tion ol the Island ot Tigre; also, all tlie "facts, circuin-
1 stances, and communications, within the Knowledge of
'the Executive, lelative to any seizure or occupation or
'attempted seizure or occupation, by the Briti&h Goveru-
< ment, of any port, river, towu, temtoiy, or island, belong-
' mg to, oi claimed by, any ot the Slate* ot Central Aniei-
' ica.5>
The resolution of the House speaks of the Inland of Tigre,
in the State of Nicaragua. I am not aware of the exigence
ot any such island in that State, and presume that the res-
olution refeis to the island of the same name in the gult of
Fonseca, in the State of Honduras.
The concluding part of the resolution, requesting the
Piefidcnt to eeiumuHicate to tiie .House all treaties not here
