830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
ernei-s, and no doubt truly, according to their re-
spective ideas of them, the grievances which they
desire to have redressed; but they have mistaken
the remedy. It is not to be found in a dissolution
of the Union. The petitioners from the North
who desire a dissolution of the Union, desire that
which, if accomplished, would in no degree ad-
vance their purposes. The petitioners or resolu-
tionists from the South, who contemplate dis-
union, look to that which, if attained, would over-
whelm all their hopes in utter ruin.
I regret, Mr. President, that, upon the motion
to receive the petition now presented, we are not
to have the vote of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] He apprehends, clearly
enough, the line of discrimination established here.
The question of reception was made upon the pe-
tition presented a day or two since by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum.] That peti-
tion, like this, looked towards a dissolution of the
Union, yet the Senate decided to receive it almost
unanimously. There were but two votes against
reception. One of these votes was given by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, in conformity
with the usage to which he adheres of denying
reception to all petitions on this subject, or touch-
ing in any way the great question of slavery,
whether they come from the North or the South.
But after the honorable Senator saw, as he did see,
that the usage to which he adhered was to be dis-
regarded, and that, instead of it, there was to be a
mere invidious sectional discrimination m respect
to the reception of petitions, I did hope that he
would be inclined to give to petitions from the
North the same benefit of hearing which the Sen-
ale, by a vote so nearly unanimous, accorded to
petttions from the South.
I regiet,also, that we are not to have the vote
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stur-
geon.] I am sorry he could not see in the petition
ftom North Carolina, for the reception of which
he did vote, the hateful chaiactenstics which he
sees in this, which conies from citizens oi his own
State, i congratulate the Senator, however, on
the applause which his discrimination has drawn
from honorable Senators on the Whig side of the
Chamber, and particularly from the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.]
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
avows, too, his purpose to vote against the recep-
tion of this petition, although he voted lor the
reception of the petition from North Carolina. 1
am sorry for this ; but he, too, has his com-
mendation and his commcnder. While the Sena-
tor tiom Geoigia [Mr. Dawson] bestows the meed
of apptoliation upon the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Sturgeon,] theSenator from Mississippi
[Mr. Foote] baptizes with his applause the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
I have already said that I have no objection to
receiving this petition and laying it on the table,
as was done with the one from North Carolina.
1 am quite willing that both petitions should be
referred to a committee, with such instructions as
the Senate may see fit to give. But I protest
against discrimination. Let every respectful peti-
tion piesented here, no matter fiom wnat quarter
it comes, meet with the reception due to the repre-
sentations of the people addressed to their repre-
sentatives. Let them be received. If the Senate
entertains, in regard to the objects for which they
pray, opinions so unanimous, so fixed, and so
unalterable, that reference would be useless, let
them be laid upon the table, or if it be thought
desirable, for the sake of satisfying the petitioners
and the country, to answer the petition by a state-
ment of leasons why its prayer cannot or should
not oe gianted, let it be referred.
In most things, Mr. President, it will give me
pleasure to follow the example of gentlemen from
whom I am now compelled to ditTer. But in this
matter 1 think it safer and better to follow the ex-
ample which has been set before me by the Legis-
lature of my State. That example is in favor of
receiving this petition; and denying its prayer.
With the people of Ohio the right of petition
is sacred, and sacred also is the union of the
States.
I shall vote, therefore, for the reception of thi3
petition, and I shall also, on every occasion, by
my vote and by my action, prove that I am, as
Ohio is, for the Union, and against dissolution.
Mr. DAYTON. I desire to say a word or two
about this petition, and in doing so I wish not to
be misunderstood. I concede the right of petition
in its fullest and most ample sense; but that right
is not a vague, an undefined, and unconsidered
right. It is a right known and recognized in the
books as one which is well settled. It is that
remedy which, the citizen or subject has against
the sovereign power, and it comes in its place as
the right of action comes in a suit at law. It is a
suit, not a suit at law; but it is a suit addressed
by the subject to the sovereign power, and it ad-
dresses itself to the conscience of that tribunal;
and all the books which treat upon this subject
treat of it as a right which is a well-settled, a
well-considered thing. But, sir, I have yet to
know that the right of petition has ever been ex-
tended directly to the destruction of the sovereign
power to which it is addressed. It is a right
which is limited to the redress of grievances.
That is the burden of this right, and that is the
exclusive limit of the right; and it is a right which
remains inviolable in the hands of the citizen or
subject so long as he continues a citizen or sub-
ject. But it is not, I repeat, the right of any
party to petition the sovereign power to destroy
itself. Such a request is repugnant to the right of
petition, which is limited only to redress of griev-
ances under which the citizen or subject labors
while he is a citizen or subject.
Now, what is this petition ? I do not deal with
the petition or memorial with reference to the
grounds on which the petition itself rests its re-
quest. It puts in, by way of preamble, some
opinion as to the matter of slavery, and then, as a
consequent, asks Congress to dissolve the Union.
I would deal with it as if it came without assign-
ing any reason, and would vote against it in the
one case as I would in the other. It asks us to
do that which we have no right to do, and is in its
character not respectful to the body which is ad-
dressed. The very first element of an appropri-
ate petition is that it must be in its character
respectful to the body addressed.
Now, a petition may be disrespectful not only
in form and language, but in the subject-matter.
No man has a right to come here, and ask me,
in any phraseology, to commit perjury or be
guilty of treason; and if that be the subject-mat-
ter of the petition, the form is nothing. This pe-
tition, it is irue, is in mild and respectful language,
but it comes here and addresses the representa-
tives of sovereign powers, and asks us to dissolve
the Union. It asks us to put an end to the Fed-
eral Government; it asks us to destroy the Con-
stitution peaceably. Why, the first thing I did
when 1 came heie was to take an oath to support
that Constitution which these men ask me to de-
stroy. Now, is it respectful to this body to make
a request of us to do that which we have posi-
tively sworn we would not do? Sir, I submit that
it is not.
But' my friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] has said (and said, 1 think, with some
point too) that there are wrongs upon both sides
of this question; and I go with him m reference to
certain remarks that he made in regard to the peti-
tion presented by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum.] When I entered
this body, sir, some seven years ago or there-
abouts, there was one uniform rule or usage—call
it so, if you will—acted upon by the Senate upon
the presentation of petitions tending to the agita-
tion of the question of slavery. The motion to
receive was laid upon the table. That had been
the uniform rule for some time anterior to that;
and, in reference to the hundreds of petitions pre-
sented since, that rule or practice has been applied
to them all, without a single exception. It was
done, Mr. President, as I understood, as a kind of
compromise upon this floor. A petition or me-
morial of this character was presented, and the
motion to receive it was laid upon the table. That
puts the petition or memorial on the files, and en-
ters it upon the minutes of the Senate. It goes
upon the Journal, and for all practical purposes it
stands in the same position as though it had been
received and laid upon the table. It was a species
of compromise of the matter, which rids us of de-
bate upon tins exciting subject.
Weil, sir, a memorial of this kind was offered
some time since by the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] ana I and my asso-
ciates, acting m good faith, on the understanding
which had existed for the last ten years in refer-
ence to all these memorials, on the yeas and nays
being demanded, voted in conformity with the past
rule of the Senate. If I 'had intended to vote
against the reception, if the yeas and nays had not
been called, I would have been the'more deter-
mined so to vote when a person chose to put us on
the record in regard to a matter of this sort.
This rule or usage ought to be lived up to with
great respect on both sides of the chamber; and
permit me to say it has been violated, as I think,
in the case of the memorial from North Carolina,
and the South has come up directly and voted for
the reception of papers agitating this very ques-
tion. This rule was never applied to those peti-
tions only which call for action. One-half of these
petitions were only setting forth the duties of Con-
gress, as the petitioners believed; others asked for
the passage of a law; yet all had been laid on the
table. But here is a memorial on this very ex-
citing subject which was received by the votes of all
our friends on the other side of the chamber.
Now, the rule shoulij be applied on both sides of
the chamber, and I will apply it if the South vote
in this way. This matter has heretofore been treat-
ed in this manner by both parties in good faith,
with a view to avoid the agitation of this trouble-
some question.
But, sir, that too is outside of the question under
immediate consideration, which is, whether we
will receive a memorial addressed to us, asking us
directly to destroy the Government; to do it peace-
ably, to be sure, but asking us directly to destroy
the Government. It is one of that character of
memorials that I think ought not to be received,
much less acted upon, as the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] suggests, by reference to a
committee, with instructions to report upon it.
Why, Mr. President, in reference to this matter,
what position would the Senate of the United
States occupy, supposing a committee of this body
appointed, with instructions from the Senate to
make a report with resolutions against the prayer
of the petition ? The honorable Senator from New
York says that he conceives every man who would
send such a memorial as this is a madman; and
yet we are to have a special committee here who
are to be instructed to make an argument on this
question presented by madmen. If you appoint a
committee of that kind at this time of day, it strikes
me that they will be much in the same position as
that of the plain countryman in a local Legislature,
of whom we have heard, who, being called upon
to answer a somewhat frothy antagonist, declined
to do so on the ground that " nothing wrenched
him so much as to kick against nothing."
Sir, who wants argument, who wants debate or
reason, in answer to memorials of this kind? I,
for one, do not.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, no man who at-
! tends the discussions in the Senate can fail to per-
: ceive thepredisposition which prevails here to push
i principles to their extremes. If we do not find a
j massive wall where they must stop, we follow
; them indefinitely, with as much metaphysical zeal
! as any of the disciples of the ancient schools of
i logic. The provision respecting the right of peti-
tion is contained in one of the amended articles of
the Constitution, which provides that Congress
shall pass no law to prevent the people from as-
sembling peaceably and petitioning for redress of
grievances. I do not deny that the right thus
secured is an important one, but'I do not rate it by
any means as high as the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Chase] appears to do. Thanks to the
wisdom of our forefathers, and to the spirit of our
institutions, the people of this country have a much
more efficient remedy than the right of petition for
any abuse by the Government, whether appre-
hended or existing—the right of action; the right
to send you home, and me home, and all of us
home, and put other and better men in our places,
that their wishes may be accomplished. The
Government is theirs, and the ballot-box is a far
better security for its faithful administration than
this humble right of petition. In England, whence
the measure is derived, it is the best means the
people have for a redress of grievances; and a poor
one it is, too, there, as the experience of every day
demenstrates. With a hereditary Executive, a
hereditary House of Lords, and a House of Com-
mons originally elected for the life of the Sover-
eign, the right to petition is about all that is left
to the people. Why, sir, if we were utterly to
refuse to receive petitions in this country, it would
produce no other effect than to rouse public in-
