1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLO®E.
dignation and to hurl us from our places. No
legislature in thi3 broad land will ever place
any improper limitation upon the exercise of this
right. But, sir, there ar.e limitatiofis which control
it, necessarily arising out of the nature of things.
You would not receive a petition .couched in
insolent or obscene or blasphemous language.
Would you receive one asking Congress to de-
clare that there was no God, and to pass a
law prohibiting the people of the United States
from assembling for the purposes of religious
worship? Would you refer such a petition—as
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward J pro-
poses to refer this—with grave instructions to re-
port the proofs of the existence of a God, and to
add their feeble evidence to the testimony upon
that subject which is found equally in the Book of
Nature and in the Book of Revelation, and which
is with us and around us from the cradle to the
grave.' Then, sir, if there are limitations to the
duty of receiving, if not to the right of presenting
petitions, what are they ? They should be decent
in their language, and the action they ask for
should be within the sphere of our constitutional
power. This principle the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis,] in my opinion, laid down
the other day with equal truth and force. If I
understood his vote, however, it happened to him,
as to most of us too often in life, that his doctrine
wa3 better than his practice. I think, on a test
vote on that occasion, he was among those in
favor of the introduction of a petition asking
what we could not grant. The constitutional ob-
ject of the right of petition is declared to be the re-
dress of grievances. Instead of a valuable right,
.an application to Congress to do what vt cannot do,
reduces it to a farce, and is calculated to bring the
right itself into contempt. If we have no-power
to grant the prayer of the petition, why should
such a petition be received ? And our time thus
profitiessiy spent might be devoted to useful and
national purposes. I am not speaking, sir, of a
doubtful question—of petitions for measures of
doubtful validity, and about which reasonable men
may differ, and do differ. These should be re-
spectfully received and considered. But I speak
of applications for the exercise of powers which
we have clearly and undeniably no right to assume
—like this for the dissolution of the Union, or for
the annihilation of a State of this Confederacy.
It has been said, sir—and it has been said in
reproach—that if we ought not to receive petitions
asking us to do an unconstitutional act, we ought
not to receive petitions or remonstrances against
such an act. I do not so understand our own
duties or the rights of the people. There is a
great difference between a proposition to do what
we have.no right to do, and a remonstrance against
doing it when there is reason to apprehend it may
be done. The one asks us to violate our oaths
and the Constitution, the other to recollect the ob-
ligations of both.
This petition asks us to dissolve the Union. I
shall vote for rejecting it; and if there were any
other mode by which our indignation at such a
wicked and foolish proposition could be more
powerfully expressed, I should adopt it with pleas-
ure, I had occasion some time since, and under
much less imposing circumstances than the pres-
ent, to say we ought to have one unpronounceable
word, as the Jews had of old, and that word
" dissolution." I repeat the sentiment—and with
a stronger conviction, if possible, than ever of its
truth and importance.
We talk flippantly of breaking up this Union as
we talk about dividing a township. The great
difficulty of our position is, sir, that we do not
know how well we arc off. The sun never shone
on so prosperous a country as this; and yet we re-
ject almost contemptuously the blessings of God,
and seem utterly insensible to the favors he has
showered upon us. Look over the pages of ancient
history, sir; look round the world as it is, and where
will you find more freedom, more happiness, less
oppression, less misery, than in this country?
And yet we seem from time to time ready to reject
all these elements of public and private prosperity,
and to destroy this Government, the world's best
hope and our own. Instead of this eternal sys-
tem of complaining, we should bow our knees in
gratitude to' Him who gave us these blessings, and
who, 1 sometimes fear, will strike us with judicial
blindness as He did his chosen people of old. That
we have difficulties sometimes to encounter is but
1
the common lot of humanity, individual as well as
national. But when these come, let them be ad-
justed in a proper spirit of compromise, and the
future may bring us all that the fondest aspiration
can desire.
This petition asks us to take measures to dis-
solve this Union peaceably. It professes to come
from the followers of William Penn, the great
apostle of peace; from a portion of the most re-
spectable Society of Friends, whose high moral
qualities no man appreciates better than 1 do. But
what kind of -a proposition is this ? To dissolve this
Union peaceably! I say it with all proper deference
to the petitioners, but I say it emphatically, that
he who expects such a result is either already in
an insane hospital or ought to be placed there.
He who believes that such a Government as this,
with its traditions, its institutions, its promises of
the past, its performance of the present, and its
hopes of the future, living in the heart's core of
almost every American, can be broken up without
bloodshed, has read human nature and human his-
tory to little purpose. No, sir, the Gordian knot
that binds us together will never be severed but by
the sword. To talk, then, of dissolution is to talk
of war. Both are inseparably connected, and the
evil day that brings the one will bring the other.
And what kind of a war will it be ? Such a war,
sir, as this world has never seen. The nearer we
have been as friends, the more deadly will be our
feelings as enemies. It will have all the elements
of a civil war; of an intestine war. Wherever the
border may be, it will be marked by blood and
conflagration from one end of it to the other. Far
be it from me to weigh the injuries that each por-
tion might inflicfupon the other, and then strike
the balance of evil with mathematical precision.
It is enough for me to know that ruinous would-be
the hopes of both. And where is all this to end?
If jealousies and fancied rival interests, or real
grievances, are to divide us into two confederacies,
where is that division to stop? Similar causes
will exist—they are inseparable from human na-
ture—and we shall finally be reduced to State sov-
ereignties, and may read our fate in the fate of the
Greek republics so vividly portrayed by the" an-
cient historians.
Why, sir, it is but a year or two ago since, on
the occasion of a war with Mexico, that a dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhous,] still unhappily detained from his
place by sickness, depicted in glowing colors the
danger of victorious generals returning from for-
eign conquest. I believed then, as I believe yet,
that he greatly overrated the danger, and that
there was a preservative force in this country
which would laugh to scorn the efforts of military
power. And it was but a day or two since that
the other distinguished Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] now in his seat, pronounced
a splendid eulogy upon General Scott for the mod-
eration he exhibited when he entered the capi-
tal of Mexico. The Senator, if I recollect right,
thought he deserved some distinguished mark, of
his country's approbation for remaining faithful to
her interests and his own duty, and not placing
himself at the head of a Mexican kingdom. Few
men, sir, have a warmer personal regard for Gen.
Scott than I have, and perhaps still fewer place a
higher estimate upon his services than I do. He
has won a high station among the great captains
of the age, and he has also won imperishable honor i
for himself and for his country. The campaign !
from Vera Cruz to Mexico is among the proudest j
feats on military record. But, sir, with all this, I l
have no thanks to render him for the moderation
to which the Senator from South Carolina alludes.
I do not believe that the thought of such treachery
ever entered his mind; nor do I believe that, if he
had made the attempt, there was one American in
the army who would have deserted the standard
of his country to follow the standard of a disloyal
soldier. The stars and the stripes would have
stiil been the cloud by day and pillar of fire by ;
night, to conduct our gallant countrymen to that
home whose associations neither time nor dis-
tance could weaken or sever. All honor, then, to j
Gen. Scott, and to the army, for what they did '
and suffered; but there let us stop. I trust it will ,
be long before we find a Rubicon in our country. ]
But, sir, what will gentlemen say who antici- j
pate such danger from military power, to the i
danger to be apprehended to great sections of our I
country, when these are arrayed against each j
other in an. armor and an attitude easy to foresee
but impossible to prevent? The border would
bristle with bayonets. Every commanding height
would be crowned by its fortress. Standing ar-
mies would become part of the permanent organi-
zation of each. And the probability is, judging
from the lessons of history, that we shall be
brought together again by some powerful leader,
and find ourselves in a consolidated instead of a
confederated country, under the iron rule of a
military despot. God save me from witnessing:
that day! s
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I am much
obliged to the member from Michigan for the
clearness and force with which he has expressed
opinions„in which, in the main, I entirely concur,
especially in what he says of that existing ideal-
ism which I find spread over the country, that
there can be or may be such a thing as a peace-
able breaking up of this Union.
1 am quite sorry that my friend from New
Hampshire has presented any such peution as
this, and I shall be quite surprised if there be any
votes in the Senate for receiving it. Jt would be
on our part an assumption of power; it would
look as if by possibility we could do something
to the effect and with the tendency, which this, I
will say, presumptuous petition, from whatever
source it comes, calls upon us to do.
I think the substance of this petition is such
that, to be appropriate, it should have had a. pre-
amble in these words:
"Gentlemen members of Congress, whereas at the com-
mencement ot tins session you and each of you took your
solemn oatlis in the presence of God, and on the Holy
Evangelists, that you would support the Constitution of the •
United Stales; now, therefore, we piay you to take imme-
diate steps to hrt'uk up the Union, and overthrow the Consti-
tution of the United States as soon as you can. And, as in
duty bound, we will ever pray."
Mr. CASS. That's first rate.
Mr. BUTLER. I will make but a single re-
mark. It seems to me that this is a petition pray-
ing for the right of suicide; presented, I will not
say by madmen, but presented by those who, with
a torch in their hands, would burn down the tem-
ple of the Union, and then preach sermons over it
and throw the blame upon others. Yes, sir, they
throw firebrands from the altar of the temple
which they are bound to cherish; and when it is
in flames, they will preach funeral sermons over
its ruins, and then cast the blame of that ruin upon
others.
Mr. HALE. This discussion has elicited one
fact which affords me great satisfaction; and that
is, sir, that the honorable Senator from Michigan,
occupying so commanding a place-as he does in
the country and in this Senate, has avowed a
principle of action directly contrary to that whieh
is indicated by the vote which he gave only a few
days ago, to which I wish to call his attention.
The honorable Senator, in the discrimination which
he applies to papers to be received by the Senate,
says, if they ask that'which we have palpably no
power to grant, they should not be received; bat
he says, if any of the citizens of this country ap-
•prehend action on the part of Congress which they
think will be dangerous and detrimental, they have
a right to remonstrate against that action, and we
are bound to receivc that remonstrance. How
frail, sir, is human memory! On Thursday last,
I had the honor to present precisely such a paper
as that to this body—the remonstrance of some
members of the Association of Friends—coming
here and not asking for any action on the part of
Congress, but simply, in the words of the honor-
1 able Senator from Michigan, remonstrating against
action which they anticipated—the admission of
i any more slave States, or the extension of slavery
into the Territoiies,
1 Mr. CASS. The object of that petition was to
induce Congress not to admit any new Slates into
; the Union without a prohibition of slavery.
| Mr. HALE. No, sir; that was not it. It was
a petition against action, and comes within the
' definition laid down by the honorable Senator from
j Michigan. I appeal to every Senator who hears
' me if that is not the case? It is a difference of
words between us; but I ask the common sense
understanding of the whole people if it is not ?
\Mr. CASS. Was not the object to prevent
California, or any other new State, from being
admitted into the Unioh without such a prohibition >
It was asking us to do what we could not do—that
is all. 1 have not another word to say.
