THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.^TERMS~$>3 FOR THIS SESSloE
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY) JULY 24, 1850.
New Series..., No. 90
tofore published which mav have been negotiated with any
of the States ot Central America, " by any person acting by
authority of the late Administration, or under the ays-
pices of tho present Administration," so far as it has refer-
ence to treaties negotiated wirh any of those States by in-
structions ft am this Government, cannot be complied with,
inasmuch as those treaties have not been acted upon by the
Senate of the United States, and ate now in the possession
of that body, to whom, by the Constitution, they are di-
lected to be transmitted for advice in regard to their ratifi-
cation.
But, as its communication is not liable to the same objec-
tion, i transmit, for the information of the Hou«e, a copy of
a treaty in regard to a ship cana! across the Isthmus, nego-
tiated by Efiiah Hise, our fate Charge d'Affaires m Guate-
mala, with the Government of Nicaragua, on the 21st day of
June, 1849, accompanied by copies of his instructions from,
and correspondence with, the Department of State.
1shall cheerfully comply with the request of the House
of Representatives, to lay before them the treaties negotia-
ted with the States of Central America, now before the
Senate, whenever it shall be compatible with the public in-
terest to make the communication. For the present, J com-
municate herewith a copy ot the treaty with Great Britain,
and of the correspondence between the American Secretary
of State and the Rriti^h Plenipotentiary at the time it was
concluded. The ratifications of it were*exchanged at Wash-
ington on the 4th day of July instant.
£ also transmit the report of the Secretary of State, to
whom the resolution of the House was referred, and who
conducted the negotiations relative to Central America, un-
der the duection of my lamented predecessor.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, July 18, 1850.
Mr. McCLBRNAND moved that the commu-
nication and accompanying documents be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that they
be printed.
Mr. SAVAGE moved that they be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which motion was put and decided in the
negative.
The question recurring on the former motion, it
was put and agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONERS.
I. A communication from the Department of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House of the 3d of March, 1849, a
statement from the Commissioner of Pensions,
showing the names and residences of all the inva-
lid pensioners of the United States, the time when
placed upon the roll, the amount of pension which
they respectively receive, and the acts under which
received, &?..
Mr. BAYLY inquired of the Chair whether that
was the document, the proposition to print which
Sed to so much discussion ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. CONGER moved that the communication
be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, he wished to pro-
pound the inquiry to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Printing, [Mr. Mc Willie,] what
had been the action of that committee upon the
document containing a list of the pensioners of the
United States which had been referred to them
gome time since f
The SPEAKER suggested that debate would
be more properly in order after the question had
been taken on the motion to lay on the table.
That question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the communication was laid on the table.
The question recurring on the motion to print—
Mr, WENTWORTH repeated his inquiry ad-
dressed to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
McWilue.]
Mr. McWILLlE replied, that the Committe on
Printing had agreed to recommend to the House to
have the document referred to by the gentleman
printed, and a member of the committee was now
waiting to make the report.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, the reply of the
gentleman answered the object which he had in
view. He had nothing more to say.
The question wag taken, and
The document was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the vote.
He said, as this document merely gave the names
of those invalid pensioners who had drawn their
pensions, he could not see that it could be of any
value to have it printed. He thought it would be a
useless expense, and hoped it would not beincurred.
90
Mr. CONGER inquired of the gentleman from
Kentucky, for what purpose the communication
was sent to the House, if not to be printed and
laid before the House, that the House might be
possessed of the information which it furnished?
It was eent in pursuance of a resolution of in-
quiry and of the usage of the department, and it
should be printed. He hoped therefore, that the
motion to reconsider would not prevail.
Mr. S WEETSERobtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. MARSHALL, who, in reply to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Conger,] why this communication had been sent
here if not to be printed, said that he (Mr. M.)
supposed it had been sent in merely because it had
been called for. He could not see what object
was to be effected by the printing;.
Mr. SWEETSER opposed the printing of the
document. He did not perceive that its printing
could accomplish any general or practical pur-
poses.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, briefly explained
that the object of printing the communication was
to enable frauds and impositions to be detected.
And he hoped the motion to print would be agreed
He moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The question on that motion was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative, without a division.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
I. Also, a communication from the Treasury
Department, transmitting, in compliance with the
provisions of the 3d section of the act of March
3,1843, to regulate the recoinage of certain foreign
gold and silver coin, a report from the Director
of the_ Mint, showing the result of the assay of
the coins referred to in the act; which, on motion
by Mr. Bayly, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Senate:
In Senate of the United States, )
May 28, 1850. j
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the Jlou«eof Repre-
sentatives that Ihe Senate has empowered the standing
Committee on Public Buildings to act jointly with the com-
mittee on the same subject of the House of Representa-
tives. Attest, ASBCJRY DICKINS, Secretary.
^ Mr. HOUSTON (scarcely heard in the confu-
sion of the Hall) moved a concurrence on the
part of the House in the resolution. He was
understood to say, that the appointment of a
joint committee was desired for a particular pur-
pose. He understood the object of the resolu-
tion to be to authorize the committee of the two
Houses to consult together upon certain additions
to the Capito!—involving the matter of additional
accommodations to the Supreme Court, the House
of Representatives, &c. As these contemplated
improvements were upon a large scale, it was
deemed desirable that the two committees should
consult together, and act jointly. He hoped the
resolution would be concurred in.
Mr. RICHARDSON said a few words which
it was not possible to hear, but which were under-
stood to be in opposition to the resolution, and in
general protest against these great projects for the
improvements of the Capitol. He was opposed to
the whole matter.
Mr. HOUSTON interposing, (and Mr. R.
yielding the door,) said he would state for the
information of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] that the joint resolution did not con-
template any appropriation of money, or authorize
the joint committee to make any contract. Its
only object was to authorize the two committees
to sit together. But the result of their delibera-
tion, whatever that might be, would await the
action of the House. The resolution merely ena-
bled the committees to sit jointly, as without such
a resolution they could not do.
Mr. RICHARDSON said, he was perfectly !
aware of all that the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. I
Houston] had said. But he (Mr. R.) had long
understood what the practical operation of this
mode of proceeding was. A joint committee would
beappointed, theHouse would consider as commit-
ted to the recommendations of that committee, and
appropriations would be made for the construction
of these buildings. And this was about all that the
House would know about the matter. He alluded
to the manner in which appropriations had been
made for the Patent Office, and expressed the be-
lief that very few gentlemen understood the extent
to which the public money was to be appropriated.
The appropriations had run up from thousands to
hundreds of thousands. If gentlemen would come
here with a plain and open proposition for the ap-
propriations they wanted, he was sure that very
ewf, if any members, would vote forthemagnificent
improvements which were contemplated. He was
opposed to the whole system. The time mightcome
when some of these gentlemen, about whose mile-
age so many complaints were made, might want
the Capitol nearer to their own residences, and they
would then give those gentlemen the benefit of that
mileage which so much distressed them.
He moved that the communication be laid upon
the table.
Mr WOODWARD requested the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. PJCHARDSON said he would do so.
So the motion to lay on the table was with-
drawn.
Mir. WOODWARD said, he was in favor of the
resolution. He was willing to do anything which
would promote the project of a new Hall for the
accommodation of this body. Efforts towards that
object had been made during the last twenty years.
He was willing and anxious to remove the impedi-
ments that existed to legislation in this House.
It was impossible for members to debate—it was
impossible for them even to practice good manners
here, because a member was not going to sit
silent whilst another member was speaking, when
he could not hear. He said, therefore, that this
was an unmannerly Hall, and that order never could
be maintained in tt. Look at it! A stranger would
suppose that at the time it was constructed^here was
not a man in the nation, from the President down,
who knew that there was m nature such a science as
accoustics, and that surfaces reflected sounds, It
was not a Hall—it was a cavern—a mammoth cave,
in which men might speak in all parts, and be
understood in none. It was constiucted with a
view to concentrate the voice of the member on
the Speaker's ear, leaving every one else deaf.
Better that the members should be dumb too, un-
less a different Hall should be given to them, tie
believed that five times the cost of a new Hall
would be saved to the country in five years. He
believed that if the House had transacted its busi-
ness in a building differently constructed, certain
claims, the passage of which had given offence to
some gentlemen, never would have passed
without debate. This House legislated upon an
amount of unjust claims m the couiseof fweyeais,
which would save to the Government twice over
the cost of constructing a suitable Hall. He would
construct such a building, even if the cost were
five millions of dollars. The country would be the
gainers m money—it would be the gainers in the
influence which this House would poapess over
the public mind—because he insisted that speak-
mg here without the possibility of being heard,
tended strongly to demoralise the House. The
whole habit and bearing of the members would
be improved, if they had a Hall in which it was
possible to hear.
He trusted the pecuniary consideration would
have no influence in the decision of the question.
He was astonished that the House should hesi-
tate a moment about an expenditure for such
a purpose. It would be better to expend any
amount of money for a Hall in which the debates
could be effectively heard. Men could not even
keep their tempers here. They were obliged to
get into a passion, in order to speak loud enough
to be heard at all. Aad hence it was that that
