332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
Mr. HALE. It was remonstrating againstaction.
But I don't know what it is that should wake up
such a storm at this time. I have before me the
Journal of 1848, and 1 find that the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania presented a petition of
exactly a similar character, and the presentation of
that petition raised no such storm on that occasion.
On the 99th page you will find that, on the 10th
of January, Mr. Cameron presented the petition
of the " Philadelphia Female Abolition Society,"
praying for the peaceable dissolution of the Union.
A motion to receive was made; objection was
taken, and the motion was laid upon the table.
There was no such stoim created on thatoccasion;
no such excitement; no "talk about torches and
burning of temples, nor preaching of funeral ser-
mons. Well, sir, at a subsequent period, during
that same session, eight similar memorials were
presented, and there was no great excitement on
that occasion. The excitement does nut, then,
grow out of the petitions, but from something out-
side of and extraneous to them.
i will not say another word on that subject; but
I will turn round and say a single word to the hon-
orable Senatur from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,]
in relation to some remarks which fell from him
the other day. 1 must say that those remarks fell
upon my ear with a pain which I cannot express.
He said that the reason why he should voteagainst
the reception was, that we had no power to grant
the prayer of the petition. Well, then, sir, if that
is a correct idea, then that venerated name in
Massachusetts whose fame is a portion of the
common property of us all, lived ana died in the
pertinacious assertion of an obsnnate error. Sir,
if that is the right of petition, and if tnaus the crite-
rioifto be applied to it, then gentlemen on the other
side of the chamber—gentlemen coming from the
southern States—have all along been right in voting
against the reception of every one ot those peti-
tions asking the action of Congress for the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in this Disuict,
because they say that they do not honestly believe
that Congress possesses any such power. Well,
then, having that belief in their own breasts, they
have the authority of the honorable and venerable
Senator from Massachusetts in voting against the
reception of these petitions. If the ground as-
sumed by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Davis] is right, then the whole course
of the North has been' wrong, obstinate, and falla-
cious, in coming here and petitioning the Senate to
do that which clearly they had no right to do; and
the right of petition, as understood by us of the
North, has been entirely wrong, and gentlemen
from the slaveholding States have been right.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 rise merely to congratulate the
Senate that we have a thorough convert in the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire; that he
has at last discovcted that the South has been
ri^ht all along. And now that the scales have at
last fallen from his eyes, I trust that he will never
go darkling on his way on this subject in connec-'
tion with the slavery question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think, sir,:
the honorable Senator from jNew Hampshire [Mr.-
Hale] does not do me justice, though I have no
doubt he intends so to do. 1 think the Senate will
be able to call to their recollection the position*
which I took the other day when this matter was
up: in the first place, that, in my judgment, the
petitioners asked for that which, to my mind, is
palpably out of our power to grant. But 1 did
not stop there, sir. I went on further to show
that I could not, do what was asked without viola-
ting the oath that I had taken. 1 gave this two-
fold reason for my conduct on that occasion. And
I wish now merely to add, that what my heart
tells me is right, no casuistry can prevail upon me
not to do, or to do that which i believe is wrong.
Now, I do say that, in asking this body to take
measures to dissolve this Union, there is a palpable
error, a palpable wrong, it is not only wrong
generally, but it is wrong politically. It is out of
our power to concede what is required ot us. This
satisfies my mind. 1 settle no rule in regard to
the right of petition. Il is well known heie, sir,
that at all times I have maintained that right in its
broadest extent. I have at all times supported
and sustained it. But now, sir, there comes a case
which I can see palpably is wrong in itself. 1 can
see that it is vicious, not to say wicked, in itself;
and I am prepared to act, and to act instanter; I
care not in what form, whether it be by the rejec-
tion of the petition, or by the denial of its prayer;
but I am prepared to act, as I said before, without
any further reflection on the subject.
Mr WALES. As this petition purports to
come in part from inhabitants of the State whieh
I have the honor in part to represent upon this
floor, (Delaware,) 1 took occasion to inspect it,
and i do not find amongst the signers of that pe-
tition the name of a single person known to me as
a citizen of Delaware. The person who commu-
nicated the petition to the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and who states in
a postscript that he collected these names at some
public meeting in Hamilton, in Pennsylvania, re-
sides in Cnester county. I can inform that honor-
able Senator and the Senate that in Delaware there
are no advocates of disunion. She was the first to
adopt the Constitution, and she will be the last to
desert it.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to say a single word
before the vote is taken on this question. I have
always been the advocate of the right of petition
in its broadest and most extended sense, i believe
it is a right which belongs to every citizen, that it
is guarantied to him by the Constitution, and that
antecedently to all human enactments the right
existed. 1 have, therefore, I repeat, been its ad-
vocate, at home and m the halls of the National
Legislature. But i have always discriminated
thus far, that the prayer of the petitioner must be
respectful to the body to which n was to be pre-
sented. This petition I do not think is respectful;
for it asks substantially what the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asserts that it does; and
that is, that we should violate the oaths which we
took to the Chair in which you are sitting. It is
not respectful; it is not propei; it is asking more
than we can grant; and 1 am therefore bound,
much as I am in favor of the light of petition, to
vote against the reception of the petition which
has been presented.
In the State of Pennsylvania there is a deep—I
was going to say everlasting—attachment to the
Union of these States, and there is no considera-
ble or respectable portion of the people of that
Commonwealth'that are not in tavor of the per-
petuation of the Union of the States to the latest
posterity. The sentiment expressed in the pe-
tition is not the sentiment of people of that State,
or of but very few of them at least, and I have
said that 1 am acting but in conformity to the
wishes of those whom I have the honor, with my
respected colleague, to represent here, and that I
shall have their approval m voting against the re-
ception of this petition.
Sir, in eveiy emergency Pennsylvania will be
found steadfast to the Union. She is opposed to
the agitation of the question of dissolution, wheth-
er at the North or the South. She believes it is a
question that ought not to be mooted anywhere,
and that it is full of mischievous consequences to
the good understanding which ought to exist be-
tween the different portions of the country. She
knows the value of the Union. She understands
that her own mteiests, the interests of her people,
are wrapped up in the perpetuation of that Union.
But without any interested motive to attach her to
it, she is attached to it, and will remain attached to
it. She knows that it was achieved by the joint
efforts of the old thirteen States—by the mother of
the thirty States which now compose this Union.
I represent the sentiments of my constituents fully.
The Union is dear to me, because it was achieved
by the outpouring of the blood of the citizens of
all the Stales. The earth in the South was moist-
ened by the blood of the soldiers of the North;
the battle-fields of Brandy wine and Saratoga were
saturated with the blood of southern men; and,
sir, I am utterly and fojever opposed to the sev-
erance of this Union. When 1 or my children, or
my children's children choose to go to the South,
and kneel at the graves of those who penshsd in
the revolutionary stiuggle, I wish to pass into no
strange country; I wish to worship there in my
own land. And when southern men resort to
Saratoga or Brandywine to contemplate the
theatre of the struggles and the glories of our
armies, I wish they may come as citizens of this
gieat Confederacy, and not as foreigners, with
passports admitting them.
Sir, I hope, when these walls that surround us,
when these columns which uphold the dome above
our heads shall have crumbled as graniteand mar-
ble will crumble under the touch of time, that this
Union shall be still preserved,and that whenother
representatives, the representatives of other remote
generations, stand here legislating for posterity,
they will still be legislating for the whole Union,
as it now is, with such sister States as may be
added in the course of time. I am opposed to the
dissolution of the Union. I know that, instead of
being respected by the whole world as we now are
respected, as soon as we shall have been broken
up into little confederacies—the Northern Confed-
eracy, the Confederacy of the Middle States, the
Western Confederacy, and the Confederacy of the
South—we shall be despised; and those who
wished to see the problem solved unsuccessfully
of man's competency forself-government, will thus
have abundant occasion to rejoice. Sir, entertain-
ing these views, I shall vote against the leception
of this petition, and, if I know it, against ait peti-
tions looking to a dissolution of this Union, wheth-
er tney come from the South or from the North.
And 1 do hope that we shall agitate this question
no more; that we shall pour water upon the flame
that is raging throughout the land; that we will
quench it by kindness to each other; by doing
nothing to provoke or excite hostility on the part
of one section of the Union against another. Let
us regard the benefits of this Union; let us stand
by it, because it was achieved by our forefathers,
who came fresh from the fiery furnace of the revo-
lution, in which they had been purified from all
the dross of selfishness, to concert wisely for the
then existing States, and for all that should be
added m future.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am glad to heat so many
declarations on the part of Northern gentlemen
that they do not intend to aid in accomplishing the
| designs expressed by these petitioners. I always
! listen with pleasure to such avowals; but I am
constrained to say that a little more action, and a
little less talking, would be more to the purpose.
If Senators desire us to believe them sincere in
their professions of love for the Union, that sin-
cerity ought to be manifested by their conduct.
Who has put the Union in danger? Not the South,
for we have committed no aggressions, and pro-
pose to commit none. We are responsible only
for making known our determinadon to resist op-
pression, come from what quarter it may. It is
the North, arid the North alone, who are the agi-
tators. It is the North alone by whom this fair
fabric has been shaken to its centre; and the alle-
gation that there are southern disunionists, for the
sake of disunion, is an unmitigated calumny, which
shall not be pronounced in my hearing without
being branded as it deserves. If you love the
Union so much, cease your aggressions—pause m
your efforts to destroy that Constitution which is
its only bond. You need be under no apprehen-
sions lor the Union, unless your conduct makes its
destruction a duty. From the South you have
nothing to fear, so long as you do not attempt to
perpetrate a wrong. I do not misunderstand the
policy which causes you to denounce those who
defend the rights of the weaker section, who
have dared to step between power and its victims,
as factionists and disorganizes. I know that to
me, individually, there has been attributed a de-
liberate design to dissolve the Union. Great God !
what have I to gain by such course? I have
no bitter enmities against any section or any
party. I have no disappointed aspirations urging
me on to desperate expedients. There is not
in this broad land a single individual with fewer
motives to disturb its harmony. I have friends,
and warm ones, in all its parts. For a long time
I commanded a New England regiment. For a
long time I was associated with northern men in
all the scenes which made up the changeful drama
of a soldier's life. Does any man suppose that I
can contemplate with satisfaction the possibility of
standing face to face as foes with those by whom
I have so often stood side by side as friends? The
charge is a gross absurdity; but even absurdities
may come to be believed from constant repetition.
An opinion once set afloat by a letter-writer from
Washington is taken up, and repeated by all the
parrot tribe through the land. Without the mind,
the independence, or the honesty to think; they
have beerrcursed with the power of speech, and not
unfrequently becomes the instruments of mischief.
But recently I noticed that some small-fry politi-
cian, whose name I do not remember—some min-
now m the waters of Pennsylvania politics—elec-
trified his little auditory by the declaration that he
