1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
Mr. JONESsaid, this bill provided, he believed,
that the assignee or the holder, provided he was
not the soldier, should Day the fee.
Mr. RICHARDSON said that a bill had passed
a year a^o, allowing the registers and receivers to
charge fifty cents where the warrants were in the
hands of the assignee; ^ut they get nothing in case
they were entered in the name of the soldier. The
object of the bill was to entitle the officers to the
same pay where the lands were entered by war-
rant as where they were entered with the money.
Mr. TAYLOR concurred in what had been said
in regard to the importance of the passage of this
bill. He did not intend to detain the House.
Mr. JONES requested the gentleman from Ohio
to yield the floor, that the bill might be read.
Mr. TAYLOR yielded.
The bill was read.
Mr. TAYLOR observed, that he merely wished
t-o pay a word m concurrence with what had been
said on the other side of the House, in reference
to the necessity of the immediate passage of the
bill. He did so because he had constant applica-
tions from gentlemen connected with the land of-
fices of the country—particularly from two or three
gentlemen in his own town, where the land papers
of southern Ohio were all concentrated and kept.
The duties of the registers and receiver? had been
very greatly increased, as had been said by the
gentleman from Indiana; and it seemed to him that
there ought to be no hesitation in passing this bill
without a reference
He had personal knowledge of the vast amount
of labor imposed upon the registers and receivers
in his portion of the country by the transfer of the
Mexican land warrants, without any compensa-
tion whatever. Their salary was very small; it
was very well known that they received not over
five hundred dollars; it was not right that gentle-
men who purchased these warrants for speculation
(and it was well known that the greater part of
them were purchased by speculators) should, at
the cost of only fifty cents, have the benefit of
three times the amount of labor on the part of the
registers and receivers than was necessary for the
enuy of the public lands by money. He trusted
that the bill would be passed.
Mr. LEFFLER said, he would only trouble the
House a moment. He wished merely to say
that the Commissioner of Public Lands having
had his attention called to the subject, after a full
examination of a copy of the Senate bill, had
written a letter to the delegation from Iowa, in
which he endoised this bill fiom beginning to end,
and recommended us passage at as early a day as
possible. He had not now that letter in his pos-
session: if it were with him, he would call for its
reading to the House.
Mr. CARXTER (Mr. L. yielding) said he
wished to make an inquiry of the gentleman
from Iowa: had the gentleman heard of any of
these olftcers who had resigned for want of pay ?
Mr. LEFFLER replied that he had not.
Mr. SaCKETT said, there was one feature of
this bill which he thought very objectionable, and
he would refer the bill to a committee fo<- the pur-
pose ot having u amended or modified in that fea-
ture at least. It was this: that in case the lands
were located in the name of the soldier, the receiver
or register should be paid out of the Treasury.
JNTow he presumed thai the elfect of this would be
that every warrant would be located in the name
of the soldier by some arrangement that the buyer
or assignee would no doul>t make.
Mr RICHARDSON (Mr. S. yielding for ex-
planation) said, if the gentleman from New York
imagined that all the public lands hereafter en-
tered by soldiers' warrants would be entered
directly by thesoldier, he was surely mistaken, and
did not understand the operation of our land sys-
tem. A large pioportion of the lands located by
©peculators and other buyers would be, as they
had heretofore been, locatcd by warrants assigned
by the soldier.
Mr. SACKETT did not know but the gentle-
man from Illinois might be correct, but he was not
satisfied of it. But it was reasonable to suppose,
and to him it was probable that, were such an
amendment adopted as now proposed, the men
who purchased these warrants, and held them m
large num* e. s, would invent some means by winch
they could be located in the name of the soldier,
though they were in fact for somebody else.
Another point: He had not yet heaid the inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] an-
swered in-the affirmative; he had not heard any
I gentleman say he knew of any case in which these
land officers had resigned for wantof pay, although
this process of entering by bounty land warrants
had been going on about two years. The fact wets,
that it was an additional duty, to continue only
three or four years, distributed among the various
land offices throughout the United States; and being
temporary in its nature, he saw no necessity for
an increase of their compensation
Mr. SEDDON said he knew very little, indeed,
upon the subject of this bill. But it struck him,
that it certainly ought to be referred to the appro-
priate committee, and be considered before it wa3
acted upon.
Mr. KAUFMAN interposed, and raised the
; point of order, that this bill, involving an appro-
priation of money, must, of necessity, go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it could neither be discussed nor acted
upon in the House until it was returned from that
committee. The second section (he said) made a
very lar^e appropriation.
The SPEAKER (after examination of the bill)
said it did not, in his opinion, contain an appro-
piiation, nor come within the lule referred to. He
therefore overruled the point of order.
The second section of the bill was read.
Mr. SEDDON contended, that the bill ought to
be sent to the appropriate committee, and be re-
ported, before it received the favorable considera-
tion of the House. As he understood it, it involved
an unjust and most objectionable principle. By
the law granting bounty land to the soldiers in
the Mexican war, it was expressly stipulated
their warrants should not be subject to anjc fees
or charged to the land officers, when used to enter
land. The soldiers received the warrants with
that understood privilege of exemption from ali
such charges, and the warrants were, to the extent
of such usual charges, enhanced in value. A very
large number of such warrants had been sold, and
the purchasers had, of course, paid for them with
the understanding that such exemption had attached
to them, at a price enhanced by that advantage.
To impose such charges now, would be directly to
depreciate in the hands of the assignees, to an ex-
tent corresponding'with such charges, the value
of the warrant's purchased by them. This would
be by retroactive legislation to strip them of a
right for which they had fairly paid. It would be
hard and unjust. Assignees are not a class who
hold a very favorable estimation m the considera-
tion of the House, and they certainly aie no fa-
vorites of mine Still they are entitled to justice,
to the preservation, in full validity, of their pur-
chased rights. But, sir, the injury will by no
means be confined to them. It might, perhaps,
be doubted whether you would not entitle the
assignees to go back against the soldiers, their
assignors, to the extent of the diminished value,
for to that extent, without fault of theirs, the con-
sideration for which they have paid will have
failed. But, admitting this to be a strained appli-
cation of a well-known legal principle, it is at
least clear that all soldiers who still hold war-
rants, (and there are numbers who have neither
entered lands nor sold their warrants,) will imme-
diately have the market value of their warrants
diminished to the extent of the charges to be im-
posed by this bill. You show m the bill itself a
consciousness that the privilege of entry without
charge cannot be rightfully taken from the soldier,
for, when he makes the'entry m person, a provis-
ion is made for his exemption. But, as is well
known, in the great majority of cases, the soldier
cannot, without expense and sacrifice exceeding
the benefit of the bounty, make entry m person—
to make his warrant available, he must sell. But
by incumbering his warrant when sold, you di-
mmish its value, and directly strip him in part of
the paltry pittance of national bounty for which
he fought and bled. This you propose to do in
the face of the direct stipulations of the bountv
bill, that his warrant should be free from such
charge or disadvantage.
Mr. Chairman, I have no disposition to pursue
! a harsh or illiberal course to the land officers.^ If
! they do not receive proper compensation for their
services, let them be justly paid, by ali means.
\ WiU cheerfully give my aid to such a measuie of
justice; but let their compensation be from the
'public Treasury, or in some other way, not infrin-
ging purchased rights, nor involving retroactive
legislation, nor depriving, even partially, the poor
soldier of the privilege expressly stipulated to be
given him by the law, under which he may have
enlisted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that he did
not care a great deal whether the bill before the
House passed or not. But he was satisfied, that
if the debate should be continued much longer,
there was no hope that the business on the Speak-
er's table could be got through with to-day. He
presumed that every gentleman had made up his
mind how he intended to vote, and that he would
not be much enlightened by further debate. He
understood the pending motion to be to refer the
bill.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion now be-
fore the House,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under'
stood to say, he had made, or indicated, the motion
to refer. At all events, he hoped the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] would allow the
motion to be received.
Mr. JOHNSON, indicating his willingness that
the motionshould be made—
Mr. THOMPSON said, he moved that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion. The House can decide as it pleases.
Mr. STRONG, (to the Speaker.) What is the
motion of reference?
The SPEAKER. It is to refer to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The question was then taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there was a
second.
And the main question was ordered, and being
taken, the bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
After the decision had been announced—
Mr. LEFFLER submitted that he had called
for a division before the result was announced.
Some conversation followed.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair had not heard
the gentleman, but intimated that he could attain
his object by moving a reconsideration of the vote
i referring the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LEFFLER did not make the motion.
~ The following bills from the Senate were sever-
ally read a second and third time by their titles,
and refened, as indicated below, viz:
An act for the relief of H. J. McOhntock, Har-
rison Gill, and Mansfield Carter. Referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Captain Nathan Adams,
of Tennessee. On motion by Mr. THOMAS, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Simon Greenleaf. Re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
MEXICAN WAR. EXTRA PAY.
The joint resolution from the Senate for resto-
ring the settlement of the three months' extra pay
claims to the accounting officers of the Treasury,
coming up in order, was read a first and second
time by its title, with a view to its commitment;
\v hen,
Messrs. BURT and HARALSON simultane-
ously addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER recognized the gentleman from
South Carolina,
Mr. BURT—who aslted that the bill might be
read.
Mr. HARALSON had risen (he said) for the
purpose of offering an amendment.
The bill having been read—
Mr. BURT moved to amend it by striking out
the words >■ first of July," and inserting the words
" afier the passage of the joint resolution."
Mr. B. said, he would ask that the resolution
might oe put upon its passage now. The object
of it, he was sure, was so apparent as to require
little, if any, explanation. He did not wish to
take up the time of the House with any remarks,
but if any gentleman desired an explanation, he
(Mr. B.) was prepared to give it.
Mr. TtlOMPaON, of Mississippi, inquired the
reasons for the change contemplated by the joint
resolution. d
Mr. BURT said, that prior to the year Io4s,
these duties had all been discharged by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury. When the
three months' extra pay was given to the soldiers
