Ib50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8Si
He would now take the same figures, merely-
adding such items as had become necessary from
the extension of the sphere of operations, and he
hoped that the House would consent to give what
was now .asked by his amendment. More than
this amount it would not, in his opinion, be just
to ask; less-than this would not be sufficient-to
carry on the wort. The work which had been
added since the late Administration went out of
office, justified the addition which he had made
in his amendment. Such was the state of things
in the districts of California and Oregon, accord-
ing to the representations of the gentleman from
Oregon yesterday, as well as of other persons
recently arrived from distant portions of our coun-
try, that the exact limit to which the cost of col-
lection there should be restricted, could not be
fixed. It was a condition of things unexampled,
unknown in any other country in the world.
It was not possible to specify in figures the pre-
cise amount which ought to be appropriated.
Taking into consideration the estimates of the late
Secretary of the Treasury, and the new circum-
stances which had since occurred—taking one with
the other, it was clear that the work could not be
done for a less amount than was fixed by his
amendment, and which only looked to an approx-
imation of the real cost.
If it could be supposed that there were any pur-
pose among gentlemen on the other side to impede
the collection of the revenue, and to embarrass the
operations of the Secretary of the Treasury, he
begged to admonish them that the result would be
a loss, instead of a saving to the public treasury".
Could it be possible that any one desired to place
the merchant, who may now be abroad collecting his
cargo, m a position of embarrassment on return-
in" to his country, when he should find himself
prevented from landing his goods—now when, as
he stated yesterday, "every other seat^and desk
in the custom-houses had been vacated ?"
He would assert, without the fear of contradic-
tion, that a less sum than he now proposed by his
amendment would not be sufficient to insure the
performance of the services which were required.
His proposition had this advantage, that it appro-
priated specific sums in all cases in which the items
of cost could be ascertained.
Mr. GREEN wished to propound a question to
the gentleman from New Jersey. He desired to
know whether individuals could be found m Cali-
fornia and Oregon willing to accept the offices at
the salaries which were fixed by law?
Mr. KING replied that he thought it not likely
that any one could be found willing to give his sei-
vices at such a rate of compensation.
Mr. GREEN said he knew that such could be
found. ,
Mr. THURSTON said he knew that nonesuch
could be found.
Mr. KINGresumed. He would leave thegentle-
men to settle this question' between themselves.
There was no doubt that the House would find it
necessary, and would be ready to appropriate more
for the cost of collection in these districts, than m
other portions of the country. He felt quite^sat-
isfied that if we give the bill the shape which he
pToposed, and /shall be adopted in that form, it
would be found to be especially fitted for its ob-
je<He put it to the House whether, in any view
which could be taken, they who had recently en-
tered on the duties of the Government, ought to
be required to perform those duties m circumstan-
ces more disadvantageous than had previously ex-
isted at a less cost than the preceding Administra-
tis found iwelf able to do? The disadvantages
were obviously on the side of the present incum-
bents During the last Congress we had a Whig
chairman of the Committee of Ways and[Means,
and he took pleasure in bearing testimony to the
ability with which that gentleman filltd the station.
It was a period m which we were engaged in a war,
a war, too, which had been earned on by an Ad-
ministration to which the chairman was opposed.
But did that gentleman attempt to throw any im-
j „IL, In the wav of the Administration? Did
he ever attempt to cavil at measures to the seventh
" a hair' He would appeal to the record.
£1 cha irman of the Committee of Ways and
Means showed himsSlf m that position, both a
statesman and a patriot. Although he could not
aDorove the course of the Administration, he re-
amed from throwing any difficulty in Us way.
He woijld.no w call on the gentleman from Virgin-
ia [Mr. Bailt] to imitate the example of the chair-
man of the last Committee of Way a and Means. He
may rest assured, that by taking such a course he
will not suffer in his reputation either beforehis con-
stituents or the country. If the gentleman from
Virginia would take the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means of the late Congress for
his pxample, he will not lessan his weight in this
House or anywhere else. If he will consent to a
fair and adequate appropriation, he (Mr. It.)
would be ready to vote with him, and to join
him cordially in every effort to reduce the cost as
far as may be consistent with the public interest.
Let him do as his predecessor in the chair of
the Committee of Ways and Means did, bring
down these matters to the test of figures, and every-
thing would go on well.
It is the proper time to do this now, when every-
thing connected with the collection of the revenue
is in a state of confusion. It is impossible to
carry on the operations of the Treasury as things
now stand. The able and faithful Secretary who
now administers the duties of the Department, is
at this moment in a most uncomfortable position—
his hands tied—unable to take a step.
Now he would ask gentlemen on the other side
whether they really believed that the intelligent
framers of the last law intended, in limiting the
amount of the cost to $1,560,000, to establish a
rule which was at no time, and in no^change of
circumstances, to be transcended ? The acquisition
of California had made an important change in the
cost of collection. It never could have been pro-
posed that a rule should be established, stringent
and unalterable, without leference to geographical
limits. It could never have been intended for any-
thing beyond a line of departure from which a
correct course could be made.
One of the objects of that law was clearly to
limit the discretion in the hands at' the Secretary
of the Treasury. But it could never have been
contemplated to lay down a rule to govern all fu-
ture expenditures, which should, like the laws of
the Medes and Persians, be unchangeable. This
law had been already subjected to three different
constructions. In the first place there was the con-
struction put upon it by the chairman of the Conn-
mittee of Ways and Means. Then there was a dif-
ferent construction put upon it by a member of the
same committee. And, thirdly, there was the con-
struction of the law by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the officers employed in carrying it into
execution. All these constructions differed from
each other. It must be perfectly evident from
this fact, that there was not in the language of the
law that complete perspicuity which was assumed
by some gentlemen who had referred to it.
As far as he had been able to bring his mind
to a conclusion on the subject, there could be no
better, because no safer, rule than to take the sys-
tem which had been adopted during the last Ad-
ministration, and to apply it to the present. He had
only made one alteration from the estimates of
the Secretary, by deducting $100,000 because he
thought there had been a mistake made in the
item concerning warehouses.
But for the clause adding the^mount receivable
from cartage, drayage, &c., the Jate Secretary of
the Treasury would not have been able to get
along. And therefore this item is embraced in
his proposition. .
With reference to the cost of collection in Cali-
fornia and Oregon, it was clear, from what infor-
mation had been given by those who were person-
ally conversant with the condition of things m
those places, that no exact basis could be tormed
on which specific appropriations could be made.
All that it appeared possible for us to do in respect
to these collections, was to approximate as closely
as we could to the facts.
He concluded with moving the previous ques-
tion ; but withdrew it ut the request of Mr. Bayly.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, I should not have
deemed it necessary to say a word ill addition to
what I have already submitted, but for two re-
marks of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
King.] He has said that his amendment gives
S less to Mr. Meredith for the Atlantic-service than
| Mr.Walker expended in 1848; and he asks, with a
good deal-of emphasis, if we ought not to be will-
ing to this. .
Sir, 1 admit his proposition on the face of it
would seem to give Mr. Meredith for the Atlantic
service less than Mr. Walker expended. One half
of what Mr. Walker expended v^ts $1,060,313.
The first item of the gentleman's amendment ap<
propriates $1,000,000; and lie would leave the
impression, therefore, that it was $66,313 less than
Mr. Walker had. But he makes an additional
appropriation of $50,000 for warehouses. Now,
the warehousing expenses were included in Mr.
Walker's expenditure.
Mr. PHCENIX said he understood the gentle-
man from Virginia to charge the warehouse ex-
penses upon the expenses of the collection of the
revenue for 1848. He (Mr. P.) thought by refer-
ring to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
there would be found no charge for warehouses
until 1849.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from New York,
is mistaken. According to a statement furnished
by the present Secretary of the Treasury,the ex-
penses under this head in 1848 were $152,733. He
states it now to be $194,634. But to make up
that sum he adds $42,571, the pay of inspectors
employed as store-keepers, but paid as inspectors;
which item left out, as it ought to be, would leave
this expenditure $152,063, about the same as Mr.
Walker's. But take him at his word, and the ex-
cess this year is but.$41,911 for the whole year.
Yet the amendment of the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Kmc.,] appropriates$50,000 for the
half year, which in fact, according to their own
showing, increases the amount given to Mr. Mer-
edith upwards of $29,000. Then an additional
appropriation of $50,000 is made for new districts,
and increase of business. It has not intimated that
there would be on the eastern side of the conti-
nent any increase of business, except such as
giew out of new districts. On the contrary, it is
estimated by the Secretary, that the business of
this year will be less than 1848. There has been
but one new district established since that time,
except in California and Oregon, which is other-
wise provided for, and that is Brazos de Santiago,
and the collector there only estimates the expense
for a whole year at $20,000. Half of it is $10,000,
and leaves an excess of $40,000. Besides this,
Mr. Meredith had reduced the marine service
one-third in June last—before the commencement
of the fiscal year. The year preceding, its expense
was $274,488—one-third of which was $91,OOQ
and some odd dollars.
IVk. VINTON. That is for the whole year.
Mr. BAYLY. It is. The half of it is forty-
five thousand and odd dollars.
Then Mr. Walker was charged with the ex-
penses of the debenture system, abolished by
the act of 3d March last. That is estimated at
$40,000—one half of which is #20,000. Besides
all thi3 the revenue-cutters, during the-war with
Mexico, were armed and equipped as vessels of
war, but paid as cutters. The additional charge
in this respect must have been great; the precise
amount of it cannot be stated. Put it at $50,000,
(and it could not have been less,) and it remains
still to be stated that a portion of the revenue ser-
vice has been removed from the Atlantic to the
Pacific; and to the extent of that removal has
there been a relief to the necessary expense of the
Atlantic service.  
To recapitulate: add to the $1,000,000, $29,000
for warehouses; $40,000 for new districts; for re-
duction of revenue service, $45,000; for saving, in
consequence of abolition of debenture system,
$20,000; increased expenditure upon cutters used
as vessels of war, say $50,000—for half year,
$25,000; to say nothing about the revenue-cut-
i ter force transferred to California,—and the to-
tal will give Mr. Meredith $93,000 more for the
! Atlantic coast than Mr. Walker expended, oo
' the gentleman is entirely wrong when he supposes
he is giving Mr. Meredith less than Mr. Walker
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. King]
has recommended me to emulate the example ot
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means during the last Congress, who he informs
us never attempted to thwart the Administration,
but always took pleasure m carrying out then-
views, and cordially cooperating with them in their
financial project. The gentleman 1from New Jerw
sev was not a member of the last Congie s. If he
had been, I should have been greatly surprised at
his statement. I was a member of that Con-
gress, and recollect the course of the gentleman
from Ohio well; and bo far from always sustaining
