1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLttBE.
July 2%
Committee of Ways and Means. And if that mo-
tion should be rejected, the next question will be
on the third reading of the bill.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered, and, hav-
ing; been taken (first on the motion of Mr. Briggs)
and decided in the affirmative,
The b>!l was referred to the Committee of the
Whole or  the state of the Union.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Senate bill, entitled "An act for the relief of
Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Coitnclly, of
Arkansas," coming up in order, was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked that it
might be put upon its passage.
Mr. FOWLER inquired whether the bill had
been before any committee of the House.
The SPEAKER said it had not. It was a Sen-
ate bill.
Mr. FOWLER hoped it would be referred to
the appropriate committee.
Mr. JOHNSON moved its reference to the Com-
mi'tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FOWLERinquiredof the Speaker, whether
that was the proper reference?
Mr. JOHNSON. I moved the reference to that
committee because I supposed it to be the appro-
priate one. If the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Fowler] can designate a more appropriate
reference, I am willing that the bill shall take that
direction
Mr. FOWLER. I do not object to .the refer-
ence moved if, in the judgment of the Chair, it is
the proper reference.
The SPEAKER said, it was the appropriate
reference.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not object, then.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Senate bill, entitled " An act making an appro-
priation for a custom-house at Bangor, in the State
of Maine," was read a first and second time by
its title, and, on motion by Mr. BAYLY, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
COLT—MORSE.
The joint resolution from the Senate for the re-
lief of Samuel Colt and B. F. Morse, coming up
in order, was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. JONES. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. STANLY said, he hoped the bill would not
go to the Committee of Ways and Means. It did
not belong there, as he understood. The facts of
the case were, that the Sultan of Turkey had made
these presents to two of our countrymen for their
inventions—to Mr. Morse for his magnetic tele-
graph, and to Mr. Coltfor hisimprovement infire-
arms. He hoped the bill would not be referred,
but put upon its passage at once.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if the bill was open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER replied, that it was not at this
time, as a motion to refer was pending.
Mr. CARTTER gave notice, that when amend-
ments should be in order, he should move one to
provide for remitting the duty upon all iron which
had been converted into ploughs.
Mr. MORSE said, he hoped the bill, or rather
the joint resolution, would not be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It was as well
understood by every member of the House now,
as it.could possibly be after a reference and a re-
port from a committee; and every member was as
well prepared to vote upon it now as he would be
six months hence. It was very well known that
the Sultan of Turkey had made presents to two of
our countrymen, as an acknowledgment of their
ingenuity. And he really thought it unworthy of
the House to be huckstering with gentlemen who,
by their genius, had acquired an enviable reputa-
tion in foreign countries, in order to make them
pay a few dimes into the Treasury. If Mr. Morse
and Mr. Colt had been in Europe, and had re-
ceived these presents there in propriis personis, no
custom-house officer would have dared to charge
dunes upon them; but they had been sent to them
here. No one supposed that those gentlemen in-
tended to sell the articles which had thus been pre-
sented to them; and if a duty were charged, it
could only be for the purpose of making them
tributary to this Government,-—a thing that would,
in his judgment, be utterly unworthy of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired of the gentleman
from Louisiana what was the amount charged
upon the articles?
Mr. MORSE said, he knew nothing about the
amount, nor was it a matter of any consequence.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman said some-
thing about a few dimes.
Mr. MORSE resumed. What he desired to
say was, that whatever the opinions of individual
members might be, they were as well prepared to
vote now as they would be after the subject had
been sent to a committee and reported back to the
House. He was himself in favor of the resolu-
tion, whatever the amount of the duty might be.
if it were ten thousand, or even fifty thousand
dollars. And he apprehended there would be no
serious opposition to its passage; he could see no
necessity, therefore, for sending it to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, there to remain an indefi-
nite length of time, and perhaps never to come
back again; for that committee had already an
accumulation of business before it. Was there a
man in that House, he would ask, who was pre-
pared to say that a present made to a citizen of
this country as a testimonial of his genius should
be made a source of profit to the Government?
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order. The
bill, or joint resolution, he believed, proposed to
make an appropriation out of the Treasury, and
the rule required that all bills making appropria-
tions should go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said it would have to go to
the Committee of the Whole before final action
could be taken upon it by the House. Tt might,
however, be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means if in the judgment of the House such
reference was necessary. And the question now
being upon the motion to refer to the Committee
of Ways and Means, if was not in order to dis-
cuss the merits of the bill upon that motion.
Mr. MORSE said, he did not intend to discuss
the merits of the bill, for he thought it was a mat-
ter that required no discussion. If the rule re-
quired that it should go to the Committee of the
whole House on the state of the Union, he would
move, and he believed that motion was always in
order, that it be so referred.
Mr. BAYLY paid, that he did not mean to ex-
press an opinion adverse to this bill; so far from it,
the present inclination of his mind was favorable
to it. But the Committee of Ways and Means
had before it several other propositions of a simi-
lar character, and it was deemed advisable by the
committee that they should all be included in one
bill, that they should all be put together, and stand
or fall together. At this late period of the session,
it was necessary to economize time and expedite
the public business as much as possible. For
these reasons, he hoped it would be the pleasure
of the House to refer this bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means. In answer to the gentleman
from Delaware as to the amount of duty, he would
state that he had been told that the duty on the
snuff-box was five hundred dollars. But he agreed
with the gentleman from Louisiana, that the
amount of duty, whatever it might be, could not
affect the, question at all. His only object was to
send the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means
for the reasons that he had stated. The gentleman
was mistaken in supposing that a suspension of
the rules would be necessary to enable the com-
mittee to report; on the contrary the rules required
that the committees should be called for reports at
certain periods, though he believed they had not
been called for the last six weeks. He hoped they
would be called this very day.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Speaker
whether the Chair had decided that the bill must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, that inasmuch as the
bill provided for an appropriation of money to re-
imburse certain persons for money paid into the
Treasury, it must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK said he hoped, then, it would
go to the Commiitee of the Whole, and not to the
Committee of Ways and Means. He entirely-
concurred in everything that had been said by the
gentleman from Louisiana. He knew nothing of
the bill until it made its appearance here this morn-
ing; but he agreed with him in the belief that
every member of that House on the simple ques-
tion of appropriation contained in the bill, was as
well prepared to vote now as he would be after six
months' delay, and after its reference to a com-
mittee, and a report from that committee in regard
to it. The case was simply this: The ingenuity
of two of our countrymen, as exhibited in two im-
portant inventions, had attracted the notice of a
foreign Government, and a present had been made
to each of them. One of the presents came from
a Government whose people we were in the habit
of regarding as being but half civilized, whilst we,
professing to be highly civilized, and of all people
in the world the most ingenious, were standing at
the threshold of this country and saying, You
may bring your presents in, but we want to spec-
ulate a httle; we want to make a little pecuniary
profit out of the ingenuity of our countrymen, to
take toll as your presents go by. We, the civil-
ized and refined people, say to the semi-barbarous,
You admire the ingenuity of our citizens, do you?
Very well; while we permit you to show a noble
generosity and bestow a testimonial of meytt upon
them, we propose to make a little pecuniary profit
from the transaction. That is about the amount
of it.
If the bill (continued Mr. S ) should be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, it will have
to take its chances, and dull enough they are, of
being reported back so as to be acted upon by the
House. The chairman of the committee himself
stated that the committees had not bee  called for
reports for six weeks, but that they ought to be.
WrJl, sir, I agree with him that they ought to be;
but will they he? Where is the probability that this
little bill wiU fare any better than many others, large
and small, that have gone their way in different di-
rections to committees of this House? This is a
bill that ought to pass either by itself or in con-
nection with others as proposed by the chairman-
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
only effect of keeping it back in order to connect
it with others, will be to hszard the passage of
this bill, if not of the rest. Believing this, I think
it would be better to do all the justice that we can
by passing this bill, and leave the others to take
their chances.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, interposed*
Mr. SCHENCK yielded the floor to
Mr. STEPHENS, who desired to be informed
by the Speaker whether it would he in order to
move a suspension of the rule, which required the
commitment?
The SPEAKER. The House is already acting
under a suspension of the rule.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will a further suspension
of the rule be in order ?
The SPEAKER. When the House is acting"
under one suspension of the rule, it is not in order
to move another.
Mr. CARTTER requested his colleague [Mr.
Sciienck] to yield the floor for a moment. He
(Mr. C.) desired to make an inquiry,
Mr. SCHENCK said he would move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CARTTER hoped, he said, that his col-
league would indulge him one moment. ^
Mr. GREEN" also wished the floor a moment.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Schen-ck) Does the
gentleman yield the floor to his colleague? [Mr-
Cartter ]
Mr. SCHENCK. For inquiry—yes.
Mr. CiUlTTER desired to know whether it
would be in order to move to refer the whole sub-
ject to a select committee on snuff-boxes?
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previsus ques-
tion , in the hope, he said, that the motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union would Le agreed to.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question (being, first, on ref-
erence to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union) was ordered to be now t^ken.
Mr. JONES inquired whether a motion of ref-
erence to the Committee of Ways and Means had
not been made?
The SPEAKER said, the rules provided that
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Uniop shall have precedence.
