1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
The question was then taken, and deckled in the
ailii motive.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BUTLER moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on ihat bill.
The SPEAKER said, the motion was not in
order, and if the House should go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, the bill
would have to take its regular place on the calendar.
SWAMP LANDS.
An act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits, was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that the bill
was one which affected the interests of the people
of the northwestern, western, and southwestern
States. It came in the name of Arkansas, hut it
was designed to reach all these States. Conse-
quently, its provisions, if they were worth any-
thing at all, reached to the furthest extent. The
bill as it now stood, although professedly of a
character and designed m good faith to benefit the
States to which it referred, was worthless. It was
so, not from any design, as he believed, to effect a
fraud, but from ignorance of the technical language
of the surveys. That the House might understand
it, he would send to the Clerk's table a letter, which
he desired might be read. The letter came from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, in
answer to full inquiry made by himself (Mr. J.)
From this letter the House would perceive how
utterly defective the bill was.
The letter was read by the Clerk, as follows:
General Land Office, July 20, 1851).
Sir: t have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter o( jesierday, inqtming whether Senate bill No. 3 wjN
embrace all public lauds subject to annual overflow; and
if not, then what is the character of those swamp Jands that
will be afieeted by that act? In ansv\ er, I have the honor (o
state, that, by the first section of that hill, it is proposed to
grant to the State of Arkansas <• the whole of those swamp
4 and overflowed lands, known and designated on the plats
t of the General Land Office as ' swamp Jynds,' and winch
(shall remain unsold at the passage of this act," &.c. This
provision is extended by the fourth section of that act to
u each of the other Stale? of the Union in which such
'swamp lands,'known and design'ted as afoie=;,\id, tnay
be situated." Tins erant being thus restricted to such of
the swamp and overflowed lands as are known and desig-
nated on the pints of this office as " iwamp lavd*," will not
include much of that which is subject to annual overflow ;
for the reason, that it lias always- been an object witn the
deputy surveyors to -urvey the wet or overflowed lands in
the divest seasons; and hence, those which are returned on
th.1 plat and fitld notes as " swamp lands," are generally of
that character in the dry seasons, and consequently, mostly
irreclaimable.
I have caused an examination to he made of the plate ot
the surveys in Michigan, Mississippi, along the river, Loui-
siana, on the west hank of the Mississippi. Illinois, along
the " American bottom," as it is called, and Florida ; and
with the exception of the last-mentioned State, very few of
the land^ a¥d represented as "swamp." This is especially
the cas?e in the plats of the old surveys, on which but ixttlc
of the topography of the country is shown. j
li\ striking out all in'the fomth line after the woids ;
"overflowed lands;'7 ail in th" fifth line, and all in the i
sixth line, except the words " shall be," at the end of that !
line, in the first section, the object of the bill will, iu my
opinion, he fully obtained.
Very lespectfully, vour ob't serVt,
J. MJTTERFIELD, Commissioner.
Hon. R. W. Johnson, House of Reps.
The bill as it stands (continued Mr. J.) is not
worth a penny. It is altogether a mistake. I have
no doubt, as I have said, that it was well designed,
and that its defects escaped the observation of the
Senators. I shall, therefore, move to refer it to
the Committee on Public Lands, in order (hat they
may consider the subject and report back to the
House such a bill as ought to pass, or report none
at all. I do not feel that I can vote for such a bill
as is now before us. I desire it to go to the com-
mittee, accompanied by the letter which has been
read. I would make further remarks elucidating
this whole matter, but that the House is now not in
a temper to listen to me. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and
The main question was ordered, being first on
the reference.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was referred.
The following bills from the Senate, coming up
in their order, were severally read a firstand second j
time by their titles, and referred as indicated below, j
viz: !
An act to authorize the change of venue in cer-
tain cases. On motion by Mr. THOMPSON of
Pennsylvania, was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Joint resolution supplementary to the resolution
to_ refund money to the States which have sup-
plied volunteers and furnished transportation du-
ring the war with Mexico, before being mustered
into the service of the United States. On motion
by Mr. BURT, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
An act for the relief of George Poindexter. On
motion by Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the State of Iowa in aid of the
i construction of certain roads in said State. On mo-
tion by Mr. LEFFLER, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Judith Wor-
then, deceased. On motion by Mr. SAWTELLE
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel,
the widow and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel,
lote assistant quartermaster in the army of the
United States. On motion by Mr. BURT, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act granting to the State of Missouri the
right of way and a portion of the public lands for
making a railroad from the town of Hannibal to
the town of St. Joseph, in said State. Referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
CUSTOMS.
Senate bill, entitled " An act to regulate the j
collection of duties on imports and tonnage," ap- |
proved March 3, 1779, coming up in order, was i
read twice, by its title, and, on motion, read the |
third time and passed. ]
THE CALEB GRIMSIIAW. [
The bill authorizing the presentation of a gold j
medal to David Cook, master of the English j
Barque Sarah— ,
Mr. RUMSEY. I move that the bill be referred I
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union. !
In reply to an inquiry (as the reporter under- '
stood) by Mr. PRESTON KING— j
The SPEAKER said all bills containing appro-
priations must go to the Committee of the Whole i
on the state of the Union. j
In reply to an inquiry by Mr. JONES— !
The SPEAKER said, that unanimous consent '
would be equivalent to a suspension of the rules, <
and that if no objection were made the bill could
be acted upon without commitment. !
Objection was made. 'j
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the !i
Whole on the state "of the Union. n
ALABAMA RAILROAD. !!
The bill of the Senate, entitled "An act granting
the right of way and making a grant of land to !j
the State of Alabama, in aid of the construction of
a railroad from Se!ma,on the Alabama river, to J
Gunter's landing, on the Tennessee river." !j
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands. 1
Mr. MEADEsaid, that there werea great many J
bills granting public lands for purposes of pub-
lic improvements. He would, theiefore, move that
this and other bills of a similar character be re-
ferred to a select committee.
The SPEAKER. It is out of order to move to
refer any other bill except that before the House;
and the question would be, first, on the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] to lefer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB hoped, he said, that this bill would
take the same direction as had been given to bills
of a similar character.
Mr. MEADE suggested, that by reference to a
select committee, the subject would receive a more
thorough examination than could be given to it by
the Committee on Public Lands, which had other
matters to engage its attention. He hoped that a
select committee would be appointed, who would
report some general system for the action of the
House.
Mr. McCLERNAND hoped, he said, that the
reference moved by the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] would be made. This House had
appointed a Standing Committee upon the Public
Lands. That committee was authorized to take
into consideration measures of this description, and
all measures relating to the public lands. It had
been the uniform practice of the House to refer
such measures to it. He was not aware that the
conduct of that committee during the present ses-
sion, or at any previous session, presented any
justification for the motion that was now made.
Very few bills of this character had been reported
by the committee, and still fewer passed. He
thought the time had arrived when the Represent-
atives of the new States, and the liberal-minded
>n every portion of the country might look to
the adoption of a moj-e liberal policy than had
heretofore been pursued in relation to the public
lands. He insisted that the reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was the appropriate refer-
ence of this bill; and he should, under the circum-
stances of the case, regard it as an indignity, if
this bill were wrested from that committee, and
given to a select committee. He moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MEADE asked him to withdraw.
Mr. McCLERNAND withdrew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HALL inquired of the Speaker, what the
bill under consideration was ?
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. MEADE said, he had made the motion to
refer the bill to a select committee without the
slightest intention to reflect upon the Committee
on Public Lands in respect to this or any other sub-
ject. But he had considered that committee to have
been raised with a view to different objects. And
although this bill proposed to make an appropria-
tion for a particular purpose, yet it did not come
within the policy and the appropriate ranffe of
duties of the Committee on Public Lands. That
committee was raised with a view to the protec-
tion of the public lands, by overlooking, as it
were, all those interests connected with them. But
the object of this biil was directly in opposition
to the policy upon which that committee had been
raised. It was antagonistic to the duty which ap-
propriately belonged to that committee.
Mr. HUBBARD interposed with a question or
remark, of which nothing was heard by the re-
porter.
Mr. MEADE (continuing) said, he perceived
that the gentleman did not understand his object.
He was about to remark that the Committee on
Public Lands were not charged with the consider-
ation of the question which this bill presented.
It contained an appropriation for a particular ob-
ject with which the Committee on Public Lands
had nothing to do; and, instead of demanding
an appropriation from the public Treasury, the
j demand was upon the public lands. And, simply
i because the demand was made in that way, the
' hill did not necessarily connect itself with the
| duties of the Committee on Public Land. He
| hoped the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McCler-
' nand] would take his (Mr. M.'s) word when
j he satd, that at the time he made his motion, he
did not know what the organization of the Com-
| mittee on Public Lands was. For the purposes
j for which that committee was raised, he was
j satisfied with it. But here were appropriations
i called for by some fifteen or twenty bills, (he did
I not know what the number exactly was,) to aid
I companies m the construction of roads, or canals,
' or other works of internal improvement. His
object was not to deprive these applicants of any
benefits, but to secure these benefits to other sec-
tions of the United States, which had equal claims
upon the public lands; sections which, although
they had not any public domain within their own
borders, had yet a community of interest in its
disposition. He wished to secure to them the
advantages which these bills sought to bestow
upon the particular States in which these lands
might lie. Hence, he had moved the reference
to a select committee, with a view to a distribution
of the benefits of these lands among all the States,
instead of confining them to the Stales in which
the lands were situated.
Fie appealed to gentlemen in that House
whether the States in which the public lands lie,
had not already derived an advantage from them,
which had been denied to the older States of this
Union, although, when the lands were paid for,
the old States were called on to contribute their
proportion?
Mr. McCLERNAND (the floor being tempo-
rarily yielded to him) said, he would reply to the
question of the gentleman from Virginia, who had
