14 U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
asked whether the new States had not derived ad-
vantages from the public lands, which the older
States had not. He would say to the gentleman,
that the people of the new States had to pay a
dollar and a quarter an acre for all the lands de-
voted to agricultural purposes, wheieas the people
of the older States 
Mr. MORSE (interposing) said he rose to a
point of order, which was, that the gentleman from
Virginia and the gentleman from Illinois were dis-
cussing the merits of the bill upon the simple ques-
tion of reference.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair regarded the ar-
gument of the gentleman from "Virginia as being
confined to the question of reference. The gentle-
man was discossing the propriety of the reference
of the bill to a select committee, instead of send-
ing it to a standing committee.
Mr. MEADE (resuming) said, he was oblised
in some measure to discuss the merits of the bill,
because, if it had any merits, he wished those
merits extended more largely than this bill con-
templated. Therefore jt was that he had moved
its reference to a select committee. He was for
securing to all sections of the country Lhose bene-
fits and advantages which the bill sought to secure
for a particular locality. And if it were constitu-
tional, expedient or proper, to make these grants
to the particular States where the lands lie; if it
were right that every State in the Union in which
there were public lands, should have an appropri-
ation for the purpose of enabling it to construct
works of this sort, why then 
Mr. MORSE (again interposing) insisted upon
his point of order. The remarks of the aentieman
from Virginia, he said, were directed to the merits
of the bill, and not to the question of reference;
and by continuing this course of argument out of
order, he was interrupting other necessary busi-
ness.
Mr. MEADE. The Speaker has decided that
I am m order; I hope, therefore, I shall not be in-
terrupted.
The SPEAKER. There is not a more delicate
question that can be presented to the Chair than
when he is required to determine whether a gen-
tleman confines himself to the question before the
House. The Chair thinks that the gentleman
from Virginia has done so.
Mr. MEADE (continuing) said, he was not ex-
tremely solicitous to take this bill fiom the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, but he apprehended that
his object could only be secured by referring it to
a select committee, with the view and understand-
ing that the select committee should not, in any
measure that they might report, favor any particu-
lar section of the country, but bring in a bill pro-
viding some general system that would be applica-
ble to all the States. Here was a system proposed
that was applicable to only half the States of the
Union—a system which, in the manner in which
it was attempted to be carried out, would inure
exclusively to the benefit of the new States. And
in reply to the remark of the honorable gentleman
from Illinois, he would only say, that if the lands
in his State had been purchased at a dollar and a
quarter an acre for agricultural purposes, the gen-
tleman must bear m mind that nine tenths or more
of those lands were purchased by emigrants from
the older States, to which none of these benefits
were proposed to be extended. They received no ,
such aid m their works of internal improvement. !
in his own State there had been expended for
works of internal improvement, ten or twelve mil-
lions of dollars, every cent of which had been
drawn from the pockets of their own citizens.
They were endeaforing now, by extending their
improvements, to affoid to the new States the ad-
vantage of easy communication with the Atlantic
sea-board. The State of Virginia has now a work
in progress stretching towards the Mississippi,
which, if it ever reaches that river, will greatly
benefit that entire valley, giving to it one of the
best ports on the Atlantic.
Mr. MORSE again rose to a question of order.
He said it certainly appeared to him that the
question as to whether this bill should be referred
to a select committee, or to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, was a very narrow question, and did
not admit of such latitude of debate as the gentle-
man from Virginia seemed disposed to take.
The SPEAKER said, it appeared to the Chair
that the temarks of the gentleman from Virginia
were taking too wide a range.
Mr. MEADE said, he certainly had a right to
show that, by referring the bill to a select com-
mittee, benefits would be attained which would not
bo attained if it were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS remarked, that it must be
apparent to the gentleman from Virginia, that if
he persisted in this course of argument, there
would have to be a call of the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the gen-
tleman from Virginia, to give way for a moment.
Mr. MEADE declined to yield the floor. He
observed that he should have been through by
this time with what he had to say, if he had not
been interrupted. He only intended to hint at the
policy that he should like to see adopted by the
House, instead of this local policy, which was
doing everything for the injury of the older States,
and nothing for their good. He wished to see a
general system adopted , bywhich all would be ben-
| efited, in the place of the special legislation that
j was here proposed. He could not consent to see
I the funds of his constituents dissipated in this way.
I Mr. JONES. I rise to a point of order. The
> gentleman, as I think, is discussing the propriety
of the disposition of these lands, and not the pro-
priety of the reference of the bill to a standing or
select committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,} that each
time the point of order has been made, the Chair
has recognized its application. The gentleman
will confine his remarks to the question of refer-
ence.
Mr. JONES. Does the Speaker decide 
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] understands, then, that he must take
his seat.
The SPEAKER said, the remarks of the gentle-
man from Virginia were clearly beyond the range
of legitimate debate, and out of order. ;
Mr."MEA HE said, he regretted it was so. He
certainly did not intend to violate any of the rules
of order. He had availed himself of that general
spirit of liberty which pervaded this House and
the whole nation, to speak his sentiments. One
would suppose that the object was to smother up
his remarks, and to prevent them going before the
country.
Mr. JONES. I insist on the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the question before the House.
Mr. MEADE. I move the previous question.
Mr.STRONG. I move thatthe House adjourn.
THE CALEB GRIMSHAW.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked Mr. S. to
withdraw, to enable him (Mr. McL ) to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the joint res-
olution providing for the presentation of a gold
medal to Captain Cook had been refeired to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
Mr. STRONG withdrew the motion.
Mr. McLANE made the motion to reconsider.
He said that the objection which had been raised
to the resolution, had been made under the im-
pression that the subject had not been before a
committee of this House. The resolution, how-
ever, had been before the Committee on Com-
merce; and that committee had declined to report
a separate resolution because this was pending.
He hoped the vote would be reconsidered, and
that, by unanimous consent, the resolution would
be acted upon.
Mr. PRESTON KING understood, he said,
that when a bill or joint resolution made an appro-
priation it must, of necessity, go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said, such was the rule of the
House, and a motion to suspend the rule could
not now be entertained. But, by unanimous
consent, the House might order the resolution to
its third reading without commitment. The Chair
had so stated, and the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] had objected.
Mr. PRESTON KING. As the resolution
has been referred, I think the rules of the House
j had better be observed.
j The SPEAKER. If a motion to reconsider
; should prevail, and ohjecuon is made, (as it now
' is,) the resolution would have to be considered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
So the motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
And the House adjourned.
' PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees :
By IVTr. BTBBARD: The memorial of B. B. French, ask-
insf the Hou*e to cause Mm to be employed 10 compile and
prepare for its use a parliamentary manual.
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition of citizens of Clarion
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a modification of the taiiff
Jaw of 1846
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The petition of Law-
son Goodwin, praying Consress tosrrant him a pension.
By Mi KING, of Massachusetts : The petition of David
Ptnirree and 300 other citizens of Salem, in the State of
Massachusetts, praj me for a modification of the tariff laws.
By Mr. "EVANS, of Ohio : Four memorials of citizens of
Muskingum and Guernsey connties, Ohio, praying Consresa
to provide means to remove all that portion of the African
race who are ready and willing to emigrate to Africa, to
support them one year, and to provide them a donation of
lands.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 22, 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate
the following communication from the Hou.Daw-
iel Webster, which was read:
Washington, July 22. J850i.
To the IJon. Wh. It. Kin«,
President pi o tern, oj the Senate of the United States:
Fir: I have to rrques-t that you yviH Jay before the Senate
the accompanying eopy of a communication addressed by
me to rhe Governor ofMa$saehu;-etts.
With the highest regard, J have the honor to h*1 vour obe-
(Jicnt&ervant, _ DANiEL WEBSTER.
Washington, July 22, 1850,
To his Excellency Geo. N. Briggs,
Governor of M<jssackuselt$:
Sir: I have to inform you that I have been appointed Sec-
retary of State for the Uitited Slates, and that my seat in
the Senate will be vacant from this day.
I have the honor to be, wrtti regard, your Ex e'tency's
obedient servant, DANIEL WEBSTER.
.MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS,
Mr. MILL2R presented a petition of R. Bying-
ton and others, citizens of Warren county, New
Jer&ey, asking that Congress wiil pass a bill pro-
viding means to remove from our country all that
portion of the African race now free, and that pro-
vision may be made for their real wants for one
year; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from Lewis
Masquerier and numerous other citizens residing
at Green Point, near the city of New York, ask-
ing that no new State may be admitted ,into the
Union unless the public lands within its limits be
set apart in limited quantities for the benefit of ac-
tual settlers not possessed of other lands; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition of J. M.
Bennett and others, citizens of St. Louis, Missou-
ri, asking that a portion of the public lands may
be set apart for the benefit of the Hungarian refu-
gees now residing in the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of Bethiah Black, daughter and heir of
George Black, a revolutionary officer, asking to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Rob-
ert Mills, architect, of Washington, proposing to
furnish a plan for a national mausoleum in the city
of Washington, for the reception of the remains of
all the Presidents. The memorialist sets forth
that such a structure, while it would constitute a
noble ornament to the city of the nation, could be
made subservient to the great purpose of render-
ing conspicuous and honorable the names of those
of our citizens who have rendered distinguished
services to the nation in her councils, and died in
her service at the seat of Government; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Buildings.
Mr. MANGUM presented a memorial very
numerously and respectably signed by citizens of
New Hanover and Brunswick counties, in the
State of North Carolina, asking for an extension
of credit on duties imposed on railroad iron im-
ported for the construction of the Wilmington
and Manchester railroad, and pledging every fa-
cility to Government for the transportation of the
mails, troops, munitions of war, and public stores.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
HUNGARIAN PRESENTATION.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask permission of the Senate
to present a beautifully prepared memento as a
