1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
wade for the regular order of business, and that
that demand was equivalent to an objection to all
other business out of the regular order.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. HILHARD requested the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] to waive his mo-
tion for the regular order of business, so as to ena-
ble him (Mr. H.) to present the annual report of
the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion. His object was simply to present the report,
that it might be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, insisted on
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated to the eentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] that the report could
only be introduced by unanimous consent. The
regular order of business was insisted upon, and
objections were made in several quarters.
The report, therefore, was not presented.
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, (commencing where the call
had been suspended on the day when it was last
made, with the Committee of Ways and Means.)
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY rose and said, that, since the
Committee of Ways and Means had reported to
the House the bill-making appropriations for the
support of the army, reformed estimates had been
sent in to them from the Department of War,
made necessary by the bill which had recently
been passed for the increase of the army. These
estimates would render it necessary that every
item of the bill should be reformed. He supposed
it would be better that the bill should be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means,
rather than that the task of reforming the items
should be undertaken in the House. That was a
question, however, which he should submit to the
decision of the House itself. He made the state-
ment, in order that it might be distinctly under-
stood by the House that every item of the bill had
to he reformed. He moved, therefore, that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means. If it was the pleasure of the House that
the reforms should take place here, the motion he
had made would of course be voted down.
Mr. JONES desired to be informed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Bayly.] whether the communication con-
taining: these reformed estimates had been made to
the House, and by the House been referred to the
committee ?
Mr. BAYLY said, it had not. The communi-
cation had been addressed to him (Mr. B.) as
chairman of the committee.
Mr. JONES said, his opinion was that the com-
munication should have been sent to the House.
The, question was then stated to be on dischar-
ging the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union ftom the further consideration of the
said hill, and on recommitting it to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
No objection having been made 
The Committee of ihe Whole on the state of the
Union was discliai^ed from the further considera- j
tion of the said bill, and it was recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means. j
Mr. JONES said, he hoped the chairman of the (
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] i
would bring these estimates into the House in 1
time to have them printed before the bill was I
acted upon, so that the members of the House j
might understand what the contemplated changes I
were. ** i
Mr. BAYLY. I have only one manuscript j
copy of the es imates. It is in my room. I will, i
however, bring it here, in order that it may be 1
printed, if such be the pleasure of the House. I i
move that the communication be printed. j
No objection having been made— I
The printing- was ordered. I
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER said, that the call of the com-
mittees for leports was still proceeding.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of John A.
Rodgers, for compensation for seivices as an ex-
aminer of the land offices in the States of Alabama
and Mississippi; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of, John H. Baker,
which was read a first and second lime by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. N., the Committee of Claims
was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of John M. Duffield, praying for
compensation for services performed for the United
States during the late war with Mexico; and it was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom had been referred the bill from the Sen-
ate to establish a Board of Accounts, reported
back the same with sundry amendments.
Mr. N. asked that the. bill be made the special
order of the day for Friday next.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
that the bill and amendments be referred to the
Committep of the Whole on the state of the Union r
Mr. NELSON. Provided the bill is made the
special order.
| The SPEAKER said, the question on making
; the bil! the special order could be entertained only
I by unanimous consent.
j Objection was made.
I The SPEAKER. Objection having been made,
I the motion cannot be entertained.
| Mr. NELSON. Then I shall ask that the bill
j be nut upon its passage.
Mr. RUMSEY. 1 insist upon the reference.
The SPEAKER. The colleague of the gentle-
man [Mr. Nei.son] is entitled to the floor.
M\k NELSON. 1 ask that the bill be taken up
and put upon its pa3saee.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
the information of the House.
Mr. RUMSEY. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that the bill and amendments be
printed.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the vote stood—ayes 68, noes 41.
No quorum voting.
Mr. STRONG called for tellers.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked that the title of the bill
might be read.
The title was read.
Mr. SACKETT asked the Speaker to state the
question. It was not understood (Mr. S. said) in
that part of the Hall.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. JOHN A. KING desired the Speaker to
state what the effect of the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union would be ?
, The SPEAKER. The effect of the motion,
should it prevail, will be, to put the bill in its
regu'ar order on the calandar of business in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHN A.KING. Where it will never be
reached until doomsday!
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Strong
and Root were appointed.
And the question was again taken, and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 88, noes 49.
So the bill was referred to thfr-Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
And the bill and amendments were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CROWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C., in support of this motion, said he wished '
to observe, that if the bill went to the Committee !
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it would j
never be heard of again during the present session; '
and he, for one, thought that it was a matter of
great importance, not only 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man will suspend his remarks until order is re-
stored. Gentlemen will resume their seats,
Mr. CROWELL, (continuing the sentence,)
—not only to the interests of claimants upon the
Government, but also to the Treasury of the
United States, that such a board as that contem-
plated by thi«? bill should be established, and
established^ without delay. The interests of the
Treasury, it was not unparliamentary, he trusted,
to say, after what they had seen and known, had
suffered exceedingly, in consequence of allowing
■ improper claims to pass unobserved through this
I body. By the provisions of dn« hill, which, he
; thought, had, without duo consideration, been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, claims of this kind uoukl undergo
severe scrutiny and examination, such as they
were subjected to before a court of justice, in the
trial of suits between parties litigant Testimony
would be taken, not ex parte, but the Government
would have the opportunity to appearand cross-
examine the witnesses for the claimants, and bring
in rebutting testimony. And in this way the rights
and interests not only of the claimants, but of the
Government, would'be protected, and the ends of
justice would be subserved and promoted.
This question of creating a board of this kind
had frequently been before Congress—it was not
a new question—and a measure of this kind had
always been received with much favor by the
most experienced legislators in both branches of
Congress. This bill, after mature consideration,
had passed the Senate of the United States during
this session, and he believed by nearly if not quite
a unanimous vote; and here it had been, without
a moment's consideration, without stopping to
reflect upon its immense importance to the claim-
ants upon the Government, and to the interests of
the Treasury of the United States—it had been,
he must be permitted to say, thoughtlessly referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, which reference, at this stage of the ses-
sion, was tantamount, equivalent to its rejection
without consideration. He hoped that the motion
would be reconsidered. The bill had been ma-
tured with much labor; it was well guarded—per-
haps as well guarded as it could be by the wisdom
of the best, men in this and the other branch of
Congress. As he before said, the interests of the
claimants upon the Government required, as an
act of justice, that a board of this kind should be
created, by which their claims, whatever they
might be, might receive a full, a fair, and candid
examination. It was equally, or in a greater degree,
demanded (he repeated) by the interests of the
Treasury, and he hoped and trusted that the vote
of reference would be reconsidered, and this bill
be put upon its passage. It might not be perfect
iri all its details. Human art and ingenuity could
not perfect a measure of this kind without the aid
of experience; but in the light which experience
shed upon this and all other questions, they might
hereafter perfect it, if it was found to be (as no
doubt it would be) imperfect in some of its details.
He moved the previous question, and called the
yeas and nays upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CONGER moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed to his colleague to
withdraw, for one moment, the previous question.
Mr. CROWELL. Certainly, if my colleague
will renew it.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Schenck,) The mo-
tion to lay on the table is pending; debate, there-
fore, would not be in order, even if the demand
for the previous question were withdrawn.
The question being upon Mr. Crowell's de-
mand for the yeas and nays—
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced—ayes 31, noes 60; and that the yeas and
nays were ordefed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. There is no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER. A quorum is not requisite to
order the yeas and nays.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 108, nays 81; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Als-ton, Ashe, Aven tt, Ray, Bay-
Jv, Bmirliam, Bipsell, Boo'b, Bowdon, Bojd, Albert G.
Brown, Bnel. Chester Butler, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Canter, Clinsc-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Conner, Dame}, Deherrv,
Dickey, Dimmick, Dixon, Erimund^on, Nafhan Evans,
Ewinjr. Featherston, Fitcli, Frecdley, Fuller, Gilmore, Gor-
man, Gott, Gould, Green, Hall, .Hamilton, Harlan, Ldiam
G. Harris., Ilebard, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson. Jones. Julian. Kaufman, Pres-
ton King, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Ma*on, Matleson,
McDonald, McDowHI, McGaiurliey, McMullen. M> Queen,
McWillie, Meade, Miiler, MiMson, Morn*, Morse, Morion,
Ogle, Okl% Orr, Oil's, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peck, Phelps
Pitman, Pottei, Risley, Root, Ross, Rttm-ey, Savage, Saw-
telle, Schoolcraft, Sliepperd, Silvester, Fjedewk P. sstan-
fcey, Wildnek, Williams, Wilmut, Wood, and Young—108.
