m
TJfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 12,
fecta of the Union, and, in the absence of its com-
mercial regulations, the natural laws of trade
would resume their ascendency, and the services
of the commercial classes of the North be nolonger
required, Her tonnage now is inconsiderable, and
her shipping would at first be insufficient for the
great demands of our exports and imports; but the
English ship-owners would underbid those of the
North, who would not be required to serve us in
this way.
What would be the effects of all this upon the
great commercial marts now revelling in opulence?
—upon her flourishing manufacturing towns, swel-
ling into the importance of cities?—upon her vast
tonnage, increasing with the increase of southern
productions? I leave these to be answered by the
demagogue who, in the event of dissolution, would
be doomed to howl forever amid the desolation he
will have caused.
The Federal Government raises annually from
imports more than thirty millions of dollars, which
go into the national treasury, and indirectly an
immense sum is levied upon the South for the ben-
efit of northern manufacturers. This revenue is
expended chiefly in the North; and while the
South pays tribute to this Government, she is
scarcely permitted to share in the largess.
Under a separate southern confederation, we
would be relieved of these burdens; the wealth of
our soil would accumulate in the hands of its nat-
ural proprietors, to be expended within our own
limits in works of utility and taste.
Our monopoly of the valuable staples of cotton,
tobacco, sugar, and rice, would insure us the chief
control of the commerce of the world. Our natu-
ral facilities of intercommunication would invite
an extended internal commerce. Holding the
mouth of the Mississippi, and the most important
part of its navigable trunk, all the produce of the
non-siavehoiding States, which seeks egress to
the ocean through its channel, would pay us trib-
ute. Cuba, with her institution of slavery and
kindred sympathies, is ready to spring into our
embrace, and a field of indefinite extension invites
us south and west of the Rio Grande. With these
views of future wealth and grandeur lightening up
the path of our destiny, can you believe that we
fear to tread it alone? When these points, barely
noticed in my remarks, are fully elaborated in all
their amplitude before the Southern Convention to
assemble in Nashville in June next, can you doubt
the unanimity of the South? I believe that love
of the Union is still strong with the southern peo-
ple; but will it be increased by a bold and free
discussion of these topics ?
The objects of this convention are to maintain
the rights of the South, under the Constitution,
and save the Union; but { submit to the considera-
tion of the representatives of the North, if it would
not be better, by a timely display of magnanimity
on their part, to concede the one object, and there-
by accomplish the other, without forcing us to this
perilous expedient? The meeting of this conven-
tion is decreed by the irreversible voice of the peo-
ple, unless the action of Congress, in due time,
remove the causes of present complaint and future
apprehension; and whilst I avow its object to be
conservative, I should be wanting in candor were I
not to declare that it may lead to other and far dif-
ferent results. The intense excitement of the pub-
lic mind is comparatively powerless now, because
of the diversity of views in regard to the proper
remedy for the mischief. But this heat is favora-
ble to fusion of mind upon subordinate details, and
the recommendations of the convention are not
hkely to meet with a cold reception from the
masses, especially if they are extreme or revolu-
tionary. Their effect will be to concentrate the
public mind upon an organized plan of action,
which will be carried into execution with a celer-
ity and energy which no opposition dare to encoun-
ter.
The meeting of the convention will be preceded
by popular elections for delegates, occurring about
the same time throughout the whole South. In
this canvass all those questions which tend to the
estrangement of the people from the Union will
necessaiily be introduced, and augment, without
measure, the present excitement. With these
causes of aggravation, who can estimate the force
of the pressure from without upon this conven-
tion ? The continental Congress of '76 were swept
on by the storm of popular excitement to the dec-
laration of American independence, which forever
dissolved our union with Great Britain. The acts
of insult and injury which kindled the fires of the
revolution were trifial, in comparison with those
which now inflame the public mind of the South.
Have our people forgotten the memorable decla-
ration, that <sKwhen a long train of abuses and
usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object,
evinces a design to reduce them under absolute
despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to
throw off such government, and to provide
new guards for their future security?" I warn j
the North, that the living truth here uttered 1
animates every southern heart, and that every j
voice in that convention will proclaim it; that mil- j
lions of freemen will shout their joyous responses,
until every hill and valley* of the South resound |
with the anthem. Do not delude yourselves with the I
fatal error, that the resistanceof the South is con- '
fined to one form of aggression—the Wilmot pro-
viso; and that your objects can be accomplished
by adopting the substitute proposed by the Cabi-
net. The same resistance will be offered to the ad-
mission of California. We know that the latter
measure would be followed by immediate results
more injurious to us than the application of the
Wilmot proviso to all the Territories of the Union.
Representation m both branches of Congress
would instantly follow its admission, and two ad-
ditional free-soil Senators would give efficient aid
in extending this favored principle to our remain- j
ing territory. The strict balance of power no
longer exists in the Senate, but with the aid of a
few heroic friends from the non-slaveholding
States, that theatre has heretofore been doubtfuj
battle-ground. But with any accession to the
strength of the North, the parliamentary struggle
could be no longer maintained. From this con-
sideration alone, the piesent admission of Califor-
nia would meet with determined and unmeasured
resistance.
Will the representatives of the North attempt, !
by the power of numbers, to outrage the Consti-
tution and degrade the South by the admission of
this Territory as a State, without the offer of some
equivalent? I suggest to them to remember that
we are sworn to support the Constitution, and
could scarcely sit m tame acquicscence and wit-
ness its open and shameful violation. The at-
tempted consummation of such an act would be
the overthrow of the Constitution which the
people we represent would resist by force of arms.
We are here as the representatives of the people, ;
but are our obligations to the Constitution and the j
South less than those of other individual citizens, j
who, in the aggregate are the people ? We assume j
additional obligations when we come as representa- i
tives; but are we relieved from those which rested ;
upon us as private citizens ? My individual opin- j
ion is, that if the southern people ought to resist a [
measure of aggression, after its consummation, we !
here are under the same or a higher obligation to ;
resist its consummation. These suggestions are .
made, not in the nature of threats or menace. I do [
not underrate the firmness of the North; as a mat- j
ter of discretion, it is always proper to assume that ij
yourantagonistis firm,even if the fact be doubtful. J
But the course proper to be pursued in any and ii
every event is for the determination of southern |j
members. I am willing to suggest, and if my (J
course is not approved, to follow any path of;,
honor which may be pointed out by those who "
are older and wiser. I trust that we shall stand
together as one man, and present our breasts as
the shield of the Constitution.
Mr. BAKER. Did I understand the gentleman
as stating that the Wilmot proviso had been defeat-
ed ? If so, when was it defeated ?
Mr. INGE. The other day when the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] was laid
on the table.
Mr. BAKER. When the proviso comes up as
a distinct proposition it will not be defeated.
Mr. INGE. But it svill never come up asadis- !;
tinct proposition. You will give it the go-by. ij
Mr. BAKER, No, we will not. You will see. .i
Mr. INGE. Yes, you will give it the go-by. ,|
Did you vote on the motion to lay the resolution !'
on the fable?
Mr. BAKER. No. j
Mr. INGE. Then you had better ask those who j
voted to lay it on the table. |!
Mr. INGE having concluded— '
Mr. HILLfARD (from among many com- !>
petitojrs) ob.tai.ned the floor. ij
An ineffectual motion was made that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. HILLFARD then proceeded to address the
committee, expressing his dissent from the policy-
recommended by the President in relation to Cali-
fornia, and in enforcing the necessity of a com-
plete and final settlement of the question at this
time.
Mr. H. had spoken some fifteen or twenty
minutes, when he yielded to a motion that the
committee rise. [His remarks will be published
when corrected.]
The motion having been agreed to, the com-
mittee rose,
And the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BULLS.
By Mr. SACKETT: A bill to establish a post road from
Ovid Landing on Seneca Lake, to Sheldrake on Cayuga
Lake, in Seneca county, Now Fork.
Also, a bill to dispose of the public lands, in small quanti-
ties, to actual settlers free of all charge except the cost of
purvey and sale.
Also, a bill to repeal an act entitled u An aot to ext( nd a
patent heretofore granted to William Woodworth," pas?ed
February 26th, 1845.
Also, a bill to prohibit slavery in all the territory belonging
to the United State*
By Mr. RICHARDSON: A hill to confirm titles to land to
the heirs and devisees in certain ca^s.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois : A bill to grant to each of
the States in which public lands are situated, a quantity of
land erjUHl to one township in each land district, to aid in
making geological and mineralogieal surveys in such States
respectively.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of William F. Bartlett
and 85 other citizens of Moriow county, Ohio, requesting
Congress to reducc the present rates of postage by estab-
lishing the lates of postage on prepaid letters at two cents
ppr half ounce. Referred to the Committee on the Po&t
Offioc and Post Roads*.
Also, the petition of G W. Armstrong and others, citi-
zens of Knox county, Ohio, asking Congress to fix the rates
of postage on prepaid letters at. two cents per half ounce.
Refeired to the same committee.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of Francis O. Pratt
and 162 others, citizens of Somerset. Niagata county, New
York, praying Congress to establish the rate of postage on
prepaid letters* at two cents per half ounce. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. LITTLEFIBLD: The memorial ot Alexander
Barbour, of Portland, Maine, against the renewal of the
patent-right of Woodworth's planing machine. Referred
to the Committee on Patents.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of George Mcintosh
and 58 others, citizens of Noifolk, asking a reduction of
postage to two cents on all prepaid letters. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. M1LLSON, the petition and papers of
William Tee weie ordered to be withdrawn from the files
of the House, and referred to the Committee on invalid
Pension*.
By Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Mr<. Nancy Haggard, asking the allowance of interest on
commutation pay granted for the services ofher father, Wil-
liam Grimes, in the revolutionary war. Refeired to the
Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims..
By Mr, SWEETSER: The petition of Samuel W. Rose,
and other citizens ot Alexandria, Licking county, Ohio,
piaying Congress lo reduce the rates of postage.
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of Mr. E. Beardsley
and others, citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Belleme, Jackson county via Andrew, Can-
ton, Scotch Grove, Edinburgh, Anamosa, the county seat of
Jones county, to Independence, the county seat of Buchanan
county, Iowa.
Also, the petition of S. P. Stuugbton and others, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Prarip du Chien to
Independence, the county seat of Buchanan county via El-
cader and Buffalo Grove.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of the citizens of Hig-
gin«port, Biown county, Ohio, asking for the reduction of
postage. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koadf.
By Mi. PCJTNAM: The petition of Dexter Ewell and
H3 others, citizens of jhe counties of Etie and Wyoming,
New Yoik, asking Congress to considei "the unconstitu-
tionality, injustice and oppression of the national chaplaincy
system, and abolish the office of chaplain wturever it may
exist midei the authority of Congress." Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
ANo, th« petition ofJoseph R. Page and 27 others, citizens
of Perrv county, New York, praying that po-tage on pre-
paid letters weighing not over half an ounce, may be estab-
lished at two cents.
Also, the like petitition of N. Brownson and 18 others, of
Wat^aw, New York.
And the like petition of Daniel Burhank and S3 others-*,
teachers and students in Middlebury Aeademy, Wyoming,
New York.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Alexander Hilands and
117 others, citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praving
Congress tr> change the tariff laws,and for an increase of
duties upon certain articles. Referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Also, the petition of G. A. Elliott and 58 others, citizens
of the '•ame county, upon the same subject. Referred to the
same committee.
Also, the petition of John Painters and Mothers, citizens
