i mo,
THE CONCESSIONAL 6L0Jfc&
841
of the same county, upon the same subject, lieferred to the
same committee.
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of David 6. Bates, ask-
ing Congress to refund the taxes paid on lead smelted prior
to. 1830.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa? The petition of 140 citi-,
sens of the frontier counties on the Des Moines river, in the
State of iowa, praying for the establishment of a military
postal Lizz«ird Fork on-said river, for the protection of'said"
frontier against the aggressions'of the Indians; Referred to
the Committee on MiEitary Affairs.
By Mr. McLAN AHAN: The petition of citizens of Perry
county, Pennsylvania, for a reduction m the rates of post-
age. lieferred to the Committee on the Fust Office and Post
Itoads.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
Danville, and vicinity, for a mail route from Danville via
Pilot, Mjddte Fork, Sugar Grove,.Ten Mile Grove, and Au-
cords, to Poutmc. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Po«ti Roads.
AKo, the petition for the same purpose, from the citizc ns
of Poptiac. and vicinity. Refbried to the Committee outbe
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BOWL1N: The memorial of the Legislature of
Mij^bioiiri asking the grant ot alternate bectious at ti e pub-
lic lands, along the Current iiver in .-aid State, for a dis-
tance of about one hundred miles from Jake's Forks, to the
month, for the purpose of improving the navigation of the
same.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Missouri, asking
a giant of the inundated land, in southeastern Missouri, to
sai.l State, for the purpose of reclaiming and improving the
tame.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Missouri, asking
an appropriation for leveeing tlie banks of the Mississippi
riv«*r rtlong the borders of the counties, of New Madrid, Sioit,
and Missis-ippi, for the purpose of reclaiming huge Jiodies
of land now jendered useless by overflows. All of which
were referred to tlje Committee on Public bands.
Also, the memorial of the Legislatme ot Uiu sHate of Mis-
souri, asking for the construction ol a great Central Railroad
from the Mississippi river to the b,\y of Sw« Francisco, m
California, with a branch to Oregon, for the purpose of facili-
tating military opetations., increasing couiiuert e, enhancing
the value of the public lands, and pi omotui" intercourse with
the different and distant sections of the Rcpubhc. Which
wa< referred to the; Committee on Public Lands.
Bv Mr. RISLEY : The petition of John Cro.>sgiove and
107 other citizens of Cnautauque county, Nt-w Yofk, pray-
ing Congress to grant an appropriation forthe impiovement
of Portland harbor, on Lake Erie. Refejred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Casper Rou e, deceased,
for remuneration for losses sustained by said Rojjse in the
Revolutionary War. Referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of Joseph S. Penny-
packer and 86 other citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for
the passage of a law for the immediate abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. HIBBAKD : The petition of Silas Waterman, of
Lebanon, New Hampshire, an invalid sohiier of the last
war with Great Britain, piaying for an increase of his pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mr. HARLAN: The petition of James T. Bliss and
46 other peisons of the counties of Allen and De Kalb, m
the State of Indiana, praying for the suppression of the slave
trade by means of a vigorous system ot colonization. Re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, the petition of John Taylor, and 5*2 others of the
counties of Blackford, Delaware, and Graut, m the State of
Indiana, deploring the manifold evils of war, and believing
it possible to supersede, in most cases, its alleged necessity,
by the adoption of wise and peaceable substitutes; and re-
questing Congress to take such action as it may deem best
in favor of a Congress of Nations for the accomplishment of
so desirable an object. Referied to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. ,
Also, the petition of A. D. Coble and 92 others, of the
counties of Noble and Whitley, in the State of-Indiana,
praying for the establishment©!'a post route from Columbia,
in Whitley county via Pavvpano to Wolf Lake, in Noble
county. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. ^ ,
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio : Several petitions numerously
signed by citizens of Ctvtroll and Columbiana, foi the e tab-
hshment of a mail route from Cairollton to Salem, Oluo.
Also, two petitions from M. O. Junbin, John Downs, and
174 others, of Steubenville, Ohio, for " land limitation and
freedom of tiie public lands."
A|^o the petition of C. C. Walcott and2o others, propri-
etors and workmen of the woollen factory at Steubenville,
Ohio, for a reduction of postage.
Also, from the county officers of Jefferson county, Ohio,
011 the same subject.
Also, from J. (Jattell, Esq., and 35 others, of Columbiana
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, from George C. Baldwin and 36 others, of Maho-
ning county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, from the gentlemen of the Steubenville (Ohio) bar,
on the same subject.
Also, a memorial fiom John Harinan, Esq., of Ravenna,
Ohio, asking bounty lands for himself and all other soldiers
in the war of 181Q.
Also, the petition of Nathan Winteringer, asking remuner-
ation for the loss of a boat and load of flour at New Or-
leans, during the siege of that city, in 1815 all ot which
were referred to appropriate committees.
Mr CABLE also asked leave to withdiaw from the files
of the House the papers of Charles Foreman, and relcr
them to the Committee on on Claims.
Alio to withdraw from tee files of the House the papers
of James Maekall; and that they be referred to the Commit-
MBv^U "tHUKMAN : The petition of M. K. Piatt and 90
others, praying Congress to levy an additional duty on lion
impotted into the United States, and to make the said duty
specific, inferred to the Committee on Manufactures.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Febrvxiry 12,1850.
Mr. WRITC0MB presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives to
use their influence in obtaining the passage of a
IdW requiring that all suits brought in the United
States courts, involving questions of patent-rights
brought by patentees and. their assigns who are in-
solvent, may be compelled to give security for
costs of suit, or in default thereof that the suit may
be dismissed; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed.
M'r. HAMLIN presented twenty-four petitions
ftom citizens of Maine, asking that the spirit ra-
tion may be abolished in the navy of the United
States.
AI30, a like number of petitions from citizens of
the same State, asking that flogging may be abol-
ished in the navy of the United States; which sev-
eral petitions were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. .
Mr. COOPER presented'a communication from
Robert W. Patterson, director of the United States
Mint at Philadelphia, in relation to the capacity of
the mint, and in relation to the establishment of a
branch mint at New York; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Also, the memorial of John S. Van Dyke, legal
representative of Henry Van Dyke, late a lieuten-
ant in the navy, asking the payment of certain
priz.e money to which he claims to be entitled;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, five petitions from citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, asking the repeal or modification of the tariff of
1846, and the imposition of specific instead of ad
valorem duties; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of the Philadelphia Board of
Trade, asking an appropriation for completing the
breakwater in the Delaware Bay.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
asking the construction of ice harbors in the Del-
aware river; which several memorials were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of Penn-
sylvania, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Beaver to Erie, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr.- SEWARD presented a petition, signed by
108 citizens of Chenango county, in the State of
New York, asking that newspapers may b6 ex-
empt from postage within a limited distance from j
the places of publication. 1
Also, a petition from the president, professors, ;
and teachers of the New York Institution for the j
Deaf and Dumb, asking a reduction of the rates ;
of postage; which several petitions were referred j
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post ,
Roads. . . |
Mr. FOOTE' presented a memorial of the regis- j
ter and receiver of the land office at Washington, I
Mississippi, asking to be allowed commissions on
.entries of bounty land warrants; which he moved
to refer to the Committee on Public Lands. ;
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, suggested that the me-
morial had better lie on the table, as a general bill ;
had already been reported; and the memorial was ;
laid on the table.
Mr. FOOTE also presented the memorial of
Albert-B. Norton and others, seamen in the naval
service during the late war with Mexico, calling
the attention of Congress to the hardships endured
by them on an inclement coast, and the fatiguing
inland marches and attacks made by them in the
capacity of soldiers, and asking that the same
right of bounty land may be extended to them as
was granted to the army; which he moved to refer
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH suggested that it would be better
to refer the memorial to the Committee on Milr-
ry Affairs, as some had taken that direction,
while others had been sent to the Committee on
Public Lands, which committee had been -dis-
charged from their consideration, and they had
been referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON -presented the petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, asking the establishment of a
mail l-oute from the Iron Mountain to Greenville,
in" that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and-Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the heirs
of Perez Morton, asking Indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1300; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition from Gar-
ret Burns, asking to be allowed a pension in con-
sideration of wounds received in the military ser-
vice of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition from members of the Presbyte-
rian Church in Augusta, Illinois, asking a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial from Franklin Drury and other citizens
of Massachusetts-, engaged in the manufacture of
shoe lasts, asking that the patent-right of Thomas
Blanchard may be protected frorti violation; Which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial from the' manufacturers of
boots and shoes in the county qf Middlesex, Statg
of Massachusetts, remonstrating: against any. in?
crease of duties on shoemakers' lasts, and stating
that shoe and bootmakers' lasts have been manu-
factured by the machine for turning irregular
forms patented to Thomas Blanchard for nearly
thirty years; that the patent has been twice re-
newed, the last renewal to take effect on the 20th
| January, 1848; that, before the last renewal, the
market was well supplied with lasts at a reason-
able price, but that since its renewal Blanchard
has demanded such prices for running his machine
that some of the licensees who formeily used it
have refused to take licenses from him, and pray
that no additional duties may be levied on the
importation of lasts into this country. The memo-
ji rial was laid on the table.
! Also, a petition from the citizens of Worcester,
i! Massachusetts, numerously signed, to the same
: effect as the above; which was ordered to He on
j the table.
' Mr. BALDWIN presented the memorial of
Philo S. Beers and other citizens of the United
: States, showing that after the expiration of the
I patent granted to Thomas Blanchard for an engine
| for turning irregular bodies, and before its renew-
al by the act of 30th June, 1834, the memorialists
I and those under whom they claim, rightfully
erected machines for the, purpose of putting said
invention into use, and were protected in. the
enjoyment thereof by a special provision in said
renewal act of 1834; but which was inadvertently
| omitted in the act of renewal of 15th February,
I 1847, and asking, a re-enactment of the same;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
I ciary.
i Also, a petition from citizens of New Haven,
| asking the establishment of a uniform rate of post-
: age at two cents per half ounce for prepaid letters.
! Also, a petition of the professors and students of
! Yale Theological Seminary, in New Haven, Con-
i necticut, in favor of reducing postage to two cents
! per half ounce on all letters prepaid; which several
' petitions were referred to the Committee on the
Post Ofhce and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
citizens of Niagara county, New York,asking the
construction of a ship canal between Lake Ontario
and Lake Erie and around the SaultdeSte. Marie;
! which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
\ Also, a memorial from the heirs of Ebenezer
Harrington, a revolutionary' officer, asking to be
i allowed his half-pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
i Also, two petitions from citizens of INew York,
in favor of cheap postage; . , .
Also, the momonal of Haym M. Salomon, heir
\ of Haym Salomon-, asking the repayment of ad-
vances rnade by his father during the revolution-
ary wars which was referred to the Committee on
■ Revolutionary Claims.
, - Also, a memorial from Wm. E. Mr.Master, ask-
l! ing that he may be authorized to execute for the
■ ' Government portraits of Presidents.
;> I will remark (said Mr. D.) that this young gen-
:j tleman is one of high promise, not unknown in the
