1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAYS—Meesr®. Alexander, Bennett, Bocock, Bokee,
Briue^j William J. Brown, Dmrows, Hurt, Thomas
B Rutl -r,E. C. ('aboil, Calvin. Chandler, Clarke, Cleve-
land, Cole, Corwin, Crowdl, Dory, Duncan, Dunham,
Fowler, Gerrv. Gidding*, Gunnel!, HaHoway, Haymond,
H- nry, Hibbard, Billiard, H'dladay, Holmes, Houston.
Howe, Hubbard, Hunter. Inge, William T. Jackson, Kerr,
G^orsre G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La Sere,
Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, McCltrnand, Robert M,
McLane,„ Meaoham, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Newell,
Peaslee, Phoenix, Putnam, Reed, Richardson,Robbins,Rob-
inson, Rockwell, Rose, Sacke'f, SeheiKk, Sehermerhorn,
Scddon, Spaubling, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens,
Strons, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Un-
derbill, Vinton, Waldo, Wc-ntworlh, White, and Wood-
ward—81.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
The bill therefore remains upon the calendar of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported an amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute for the bill for the establishment of a Board of
Accounts, which was, on his motion, ordered to be
punted, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to be taken up
when the bill upon that subject was taken up in
the eommitfee for consideration.
Mr. D. also reported, from the same committee, a
bill for the relief of Captain George Simpton, of
Galveston, which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were ordered to He on the table and be piinted,
viz:
The petition of Zachariah Lawrence, praying
compensation for the capture of the British sloop
Vulture, in 1813;
The peiinon of Edward Devitt, Daniel Tomp-
kins, and John H. Payne, askirfg for compensa-
tion for services as firemen and coal-heavers on
board the United States steamship Alleghany;
The memorial of G. de Lirac, praying relief by
debenture on certain goods exported by him; and
The petition of Joseph C. Doxey, praying for
remuneration for damages done to his farm and
crops destroyed by the United States army in 1814,
under the command of General Wade Hampton.
Mr. DUNHAM, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Elisha
Britton, of the State of New York, for compensa-
tion for certain property destroyed by the enemy
during the late war, m consequence of the impress-
ment of his team; and it was ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. D. moved that the Committee of Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Robert, Sarah, and Mary Ann Hatts-
horne, executors and heirs of Richard Hart^horne,
for indemnity for French spoliations, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated, that that com-
mittee had reported a bill upon the subject, which
had been referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to which he moved that
this memorial be referred. It was so referred.
Mr. DUNHAM, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of J. J. Bulow,jr., deceased; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with there-
port accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, asked that said committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
sundry memorials upon the subject of the erection
of custom-houses at different points.
Mr. McL. said, he would state to the House that
he learned that the memorials of this character—
some of them upon this subject-y-had been under
the consideration of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and many or all of them had been pro-
vided for, by being included m the general appro-
priation bill. He moved the reference of these
memorials to the Committee of Ways and Means,
in order that they might take the same course. It
was so ordered.
Mr. McL., from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bilhs; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
title, and refeued to the Committee of Ways and
Mean*, viz:
A bill authorizing the erection of a custoip-hoyse
at Pitteburg;
A bill authorizing the erection of a custom-house
at St. Louis, Missouri;
A bill authorizing the erection of a custom-house
at the borough of Norfolk, Virgina; and
A bill authorizing the erection of a custom-house
in the city of Wilmington, Delaware.
On motion by Mr. McL., under instruction
of the Committee on Commerce, the following
bills, heretofore reported from said committee, ana
referred to' the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, were recalled, and committed
to the Committee of Ways and Means, viz :
A bill authorizing the construction of a custom-
house in the city of Cincinnati;
A bill authorizing the erection of a new, or the
repair of the old custom-house in the city of Bath,
Maine; and
A bill authorizing the erection of a new, or the
repair of the old custom-house in the city of Mo-
bile, Alabama.
Mr. McL., also, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bills, which were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill authorizing the issuing of registers to cer-
taid foreign built vessels; and
A bill entitled "An act to modify the provisions
of existing laws regulating the transportation of
goods, wares and merchandise, between the ports
in the respective collection districts of the United
States."
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON BOOKS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill to release from
duty certain printed books belonging to certain
religious societies; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. McL., in explanation, said, that the
value of these books amounted to the sum of
seventy-eight pounds sterling. They were sent
as a present to benevolent societies in the United
States, for the purpose of being distributed to the
poor. The duty upon them was thirty per cent.
The object of the bill was to remit that duty; and
he asked that the bill might be put upon its passage.
Mr. HALL moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE hoped, he said, that that motion
would not prevail.
Mr. KAUFMAN was understood to say, that if
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union should not prevail, he
should move to refer to the Committee of Ways
and Means; to which, he believed, several other
bills similar in character had been referred.
Mr. McLANE did not desire, he said, to take
up the time of the House in any discussion upon
this bill. This was not a case similar to those re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Kaufman.] Those to which that gentleman re-
ferred were cases in which duties that had been
paid were asked to be paid back. Such was not
this case. The books had just been imported;
they were in the custom-house, and were awaiting
this act for the remission of the duties, in order
that the books might be distributed among the
poor, for whom they were designed. It was not
necessary that the bill should be referred either to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or to the Committee of Ways and Means.
He hoped the question might be taken on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. HALL said, he could not undertake to
say how he might vote if the bill had undergone
an examination and its merits been explained. To
this end, something more than the mere reading
of the bill was requisite. The facts ought to be
investigated, in order that the House might see
whether the passage of the bill was proper or not.
With a view to its proper examination, and in
order that members might vote understandingly,
he had moved the reference of the bill to the
Committee of the. Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
that motion.
Mr. HALL called for the reading of the bill.
And it was read.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the vote stood—ayes
47, noes 65.
No quorum voting.
Tellers were called for and ordered, and Messrs*
Peck and Evans, of Ohio, were appointed.
And the question was then again taken^and the
vote stood—ayes 73, noes 59.
So the-bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I move a re-
consideration of the vote.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote with
the majority.
Mr. McLANE. I did.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr._ McLANE proceeded with his remarks.
He said that he had made the motion to reconsider,
not with any intention of pressing the bill to its
passage at this time. But it was a habit of this
House, when the members were passing through
the tellers, without regard to the facts of the ease,
for other members to state what the case upon
which they were votmg was, and often to state it
improperly. In the present instance he had heard
it stated in all directions, that these were abolition
books designed for the city of Boston. He did
not know whether gentlemen voted under that im-
pression or not; but he dtd not choose that such &
statement should go forth without contradiction.
The books were sent by a benevolent missionary
society in London to the Protestant Episcopal
Society in the United Stales, the seat of which was
Virginia and Maryland; and the application for
the remission of the duties came from u distin-
guished clergyman of the latter State.
Mr. BAYLY desired, he said, to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman who had just
taken his seat, [Mr. McLane.} He (Mr. B.) was
one of those who had exerted themselves to get
this bill referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. He had not done so
until he had asked the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] what the character of the books
was. He (Mr. B.) could get no information in
regard to them, except that they were i>ooks seni
here from London for the purpose of gratuitous
distribution. Now, whether they were religious
books, or school books as some gentlemen had
suggested, he was not willing to lend his aid to
their gratuitous distribution until something was
known about their character.
Mr. McLANE desired to inquire of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,} whether he
[Mr. B.] was one of the gentlemen who had said
that these were abolition books ?
Mr. BAYLY. I was not.
Mr. McLANE. My remarks applied exclu-
sively to those who did say so.
Mr. BAYLY. I stated to a number of gentle-
men, that the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. McLane,] who had reported the bill,
could not tell us what the character of the books
was. He said they were books which had been
sent here for gratuitous distribution. And, I re-
peat, that i will give no aid of mine to such distri-
bution, until I know what the character of the
books is.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] does not correctly state what my rep-
resentation was. I did state, that they were books
sent here to respectable Protestant Episcopal cler-
gymen and societies in Virginia and Maryland.
Mr. FOWLER interposed toaquestion of order.
He submitted, that it was not in order for members
to occupy the area in front of the Speaker's chair,
and thus prevent members in their seats from
hearing.
The SPEAKER enforced the rule.
Mr. McLANE, (resuming.) * I have already-
said that I do not desire to press this bill to its
passfise at this time, against the disposition of the
House. My only object in moving the reconsid-
eration was, to state how this application came
before the committee. Having done so, I shall
not trespass on the time of the House by fuither
remarks. I withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CARTTER desired, he said, to make an
inquiry.
Mr. McLANE said, the subject was not now
before the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, renewed the
motion to reconsider—remarking, that he had voted
in the affirmative under a misapprehension of the
question.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a point of order. He
submitted, whether the gentleman from Pennsyl-
