342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
°-a!!eries of art, and that to his merits testimonials
will soon be found on the walls of this Capitol. To
his memorial I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate, but especially I desire to call to it the attention
of the Library Committee.
Many of the States of this Union have preserved
the portraits of their Governors, Chief Justices,
and other eminent citizens, but the Gener al Govern-
ment has not been so careful in this respect, so far
as my knowledge extends. I hope this subject
will have the early attention of the Library Com-
mittee, and that the Senate will hear from them
thereon at an early day.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted additional docu-
ments relative to the claim of James Wright for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. B. also presented the memorial of John 0.
Means, asking compensation for services as acting
Purser in the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee, on Naval Alfairs.
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of the
Merchants' Bank of Providence, Rhode Island,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to th'e Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Nancy
Bowen, widow of a deceased naval seaman, asking
to be placed on the pension roll; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of citizens of
Burlington, New Jersey, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Walker county, Texas, aslong the estab-
lishment of a post office at Hegeia, ill that State;
which was leferred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of Daniel j
V. Q.uenaudon, in behalf of himself and the volun- i
teers who served in the Seminole war, asking to j
be allowed bounty lands; which was referred to |
the Committee on Public Lands. j
Mr. H, also presented a petition of citizens of i
Dutchess county, New York, asking that the im- j
portation of intoxicating liquors into the United I
States may be prohibited; which was ordered to i
lie on the table. j
Mr. HALE submitted an additional document |
relating to the petition of Lois Brewster, late Lois J
Drew; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. II. also presented the petition of citizens of
Leominster, Massachusetts, asking the adoption of J
amicable measures for the adjustment of interna-
tional controversies; which was referred to the I
Committee on Foreign Relations. j
Mr. II. also presented a petition of members of
the Exeter'House of Delegates, in New Hamp-
shire.; a petition of citizens of Vermont; a petition ;
of citizens of Massachusetts, and two petitions of '■
citizens of Maine, asking a reduction of the lates j
of postage; which were severally referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roatls. j
Mr. H. further presented a petition of citizens
of New York, asking that the rates of postage
may be reduced and the franking privilege abol-
ished; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. !
Mr. II. also presented thiee petitions of citizens !
of Dover, New Hampshire, asking that corporal !
punishment in the Navy may be abolished; which <
were referred to ihe Committee on Naval Affairs. 1
Mr. H. also presented two petitions of citizens j
of Dover, New Hampshire, asking that the spirit j
ration m the Navy may be abolished; which were i
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. |
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES. I
Mr. HALE. I'have also received and been j
requested to present a petition, signed by 1,483 !
women of Dover. New Hampshire, praying that i
s'aveiy may not be extended into the Territories j
of New Mexico and California. I wish that it be i
received and referred to the Committee on the |
Territories.
Mr. MANGUM. The question on its reception :
-is laised, sir.
Mr. HALE. I desire the petition to be read, i
that ihe Senate may understand its purport.
Mr. KING. I move to lay the motion of re- i
ception on the table. :
Mr. HALE. Let the petition be read first. ;
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. BUTLER. There is an objection to the
reading. I understand the' Senator from Alabama
to move that the motion to receive be laid on the
table. I inquire if it can be read until it is re-
ceived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
petition is called for. The petition will be read.
The petition was then read by the Secretary.
" To the Honorable the Senate and Hovse of
Representatives of the United States of Jlmenca:
"The undersigned women, of Dover, New Hampshire,
respectfully request that slavery may not be extended into
the Territories of New Mexico and California."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to lay the question of reception on the
table.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was about to rise for that
purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—
YEAS—Messrs. Atchis-on, Benton, Berrien,Borland, But-
ler, "Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson,
Houston, Hunter, Kmg, Mangum, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian,
Sturgeon, Tiirnpy, and Underwood—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, liiadbury, Bught, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Convin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton,
Dodge of Iowa, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Douglas-, Feleh,
Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller, Norn?, Phelps, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Wales, and Walker—26.
So the motion to lay the question of reception
on the table was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS rose when his name was called
and said: A memorial requiring non-action having
been received the other day, on the motion to lay
the question of reception of this memorial on the
table I vote tl No."
Mr. HALE. I move to refer the memorial to
the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. MASON. The motion just taken was a
motion to lay the question of reception upon the
table. I now move that the petition be laid upon
the table:
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. Can
that motion be put before the question of reception
has been acted upon?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that there was no further objection to the
reception from the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Before the question is put, I
wish to say one word. 1 shall vote now that the
petition be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands* the petition to he received.
Mr DOUGLAS. I objected, sir, before the
question of reception was taken.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The question, then,
is now on the reception of the petition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What I have to say is this :
The other day a petition, or the proceedings of a
meeting, was received here, asKing non-action
upon the subject of slavery in the Territories, it
was insisted that that should be leceived, although
it lelcited to this slavery agitation question, be-
cause there was a clear distinction between a pe-
tition asking non-action and one requiring action.
I did not perceive the distinction as clearly as the
Senate did; and, as 1 have been opposed to the re-
ception of petitions on this agitating question, I
voted against the reception of that petition; but I
was in a minority of two out of fifty Senators.
Here, too, sir, is a petition asking non-action, that
slavery shall not be extended. It is a petition
against action by this Government, and the ex-
tending of slavery to the Territories. It asks
non-action, and nothing but non-action. I now
vote, in order to get into lme with the decision of
the Senate, to receive this petition, because the
Senate, by a unanimous vote, with the exception
of myself and one other Senator, has decided that
petitions not praying for the action of this body
were to be received. My object is to find out a
rule that will be adhered to, whether the petition
comes from the North or from the South, and that
gentlemen will vote alike on the question, no mat-
ter from what latitude the petition comes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope we shall
have the rule of the Senate on this subject read.
The Secretary read from the 25th rule, as fol-
lows:
" Before any petition or memorial addressed to the Senate
shall be received and read at the' table, whether the same
shall be introduced by the Pre-ident or a member, a brief
statement of the contents of the petition or memorial shall
verbally be made by the introducer."
Mr. DAVIS. Now read the parliamentary law.
The Secretary read section 19 of Jefferson's
Manual, on the subject of "Petitions," as follows:
"A petition prays something. A remonstrance has no
prayer. Petitions must be subscribed by the petitioners, un-
less they are sittending, or unable to sign, and averred by a
member. But a petition not subscribed, but which the
member presenting it affirmed to be all in the handwriting
of the petitioner, and his name written in the beginning, was
on the question (March 14, 1800) received by the Senate.
The averment of a member, or of somebody without doors,
that they know the handwriting of the petitioners, is neces-
sary, if it be questioned. It must be presented by a mem-
ber—not by the petitioners—and must be opened by him,
holding it in his hand.
"RegulatJy a motion for receiving it must be made and
seconded, and a question put whether it shall be received?
But a cry from the House of'received,' or even its silence,
dispenses with the formality of this question. It is then to
be read at the table and disposed of."
Mr. KING. I did not regard it as a matter of
very great importance whether that memorial was
received or not. A majority of the Senate have
decided to receive it. The object which I had in
view was, that at this particular period, when
there is so much excitement, not only here, but
throughout the land on this slavery question, we
should not, by any action of ours, increase the ex-
citement, and that we might not contribute to the
agitation which already exists, and which may do
incalculable mischief. I am disposed to let the
memorial take the course which other memorials
take. As to the non-action of which the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois speaks, I think it is
absurd to say that this petition prays for non-
action. What do they ask? They ask that by
action of Congress slavery shall be prohibited from
going into the Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the honorable Sena-
tor is mistaken.
Mr. KING. No, sir, I am not mistakep.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the petition may
be read.
The petition was again read.
Mr. KING. Very well. Does tlie Senator pre-
tend that the prayer of the petition does not call
for action on the part of Congress ? Does he not
know that without some such action, every State
has an equal right in this territory, and that every
citizen of the United States can go to those Tern-
tones and carry his property of every description
with him. And yet he says this petition requires
non-action. Sir, I do not understand it so. Gen-
tlemen may receive such memorials as they please,
and discuss them so as to increase the agitation on
this subject of slavery, but I tell them now that
they are drawing a fearful responsibility on them-
selves, and that they will be responsible if the ex-
! citement goes much further.
] Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell the honorable Sen-
! ator that I do know that every citizen and each
! State has an equal right in the Territories. 1 have
; no question about that. And I have as little doubt
, that slavery does not, and cannot exist in theTer-
| ritones unless it is extended there. I have as little
: doubt that by existing law slavery is now prohib-
1 ited in California and New Mexico, as certainly as
! in Massachusetts or in New York. I have as little
doubt that this is a question which is settled not
only by the laws of nations, but by the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States; that
the existing laws of Mexico, or the laws as they
existed at the time of the acquisition of that coun-
try, remain in force and unaltered, except so far as
they are in violation of the Constitution of the
United States. The law establishing the Catholic
church m those countries is not in force, because
that is in violation of the Constitution of the United
States, and hence it ceased to exist the moment the
country was acquired by us. But am I to be told
that the law of Mexico, which was a law adopted
by the people themselves, prohibiting slavery, is a
law in violation of the Constitution of the United
States?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There is no such
law.
Mr. KING. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be that I am entirely
mistaken, but I think the gemlenian from Ala-
bama will find it difficult to prove it, as I am pre-
pared to show that slavery was abolished by the
constitutional and legal authorities of Mexico be-
fore New Mexico was acquired by us. 1 am also
prepared to show that the honorable Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] was mistaken when he
said it was adopted simply on the military edrct of
