1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOHE.
July 23,
vania [Mr. Stevens] had not voted with the mi-
nority ? (i. e., in the negative.)
The SPEAKER said no. The gentleman had
just stated that he had voted with the major ty
under a misapprehension of the question.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
between Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, and the
Speaker.
Mr. STEVENS then repeated the assertion he
had made, that he had voted under misapprehen-
sion. He certainly never should have voted, he
said, against the remission of duties upon these
books. He had no desire to impose a tax- upon
knowledge of that kind. He hoped that the mo-
tion to reconsider would prevail, and that the bill
would be put upon its passage.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I do not want an abolition
discussion here. I move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
Tellers on that motion were asked, and refused.
A division was ordered. And the votes, being
taken, stood—ayes 75, noes 65.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked for the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
Committee on Commerce was discharged from the
further consideration of sundry petitions of citi-
zens of'the United States, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800, and they were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
s'ate of the Union.
Mr. PHCEN1X, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill granting a register to the
barque James Patton, jr., now the Granadian
barque "Bogota," owned by John Benson, a
citizen of the United States, residing in the city of
New York; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. P. asked that the bill might be put upon
its passage.
The bill*having been read,
Mr. P. explained, that this vessel had been sold
to a party in New Granada upon certain condi-
tions; that her name had been thereupon changed;
that the conditions of sale had not been complied
with; that she had, therefore, reverted to her ori-
ginal ownership, and that it was desired that the
name should again be changed.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is she owned entirely
by American citizens?
Mr. PHCENIX. Entirely.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is she American built?
Mr. PHCENIX. She is; and is so described in
the bill; and that fact must be made to appear to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Thereupon, no objection being made,
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which wa3 referred the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Mississippi, relating to
a donation of land for the benefit of the Naval
School; and the memorial of the State of Arkan-
sas, asking a donation of land to aid in the erec-
tion of an institution for the education of the blind,
and asking that the office of surveyor general
may be continued until all the business of said
office shall be completed, made adverse reports
thereon; which were ordered to he on the table
and be printed.
Mr. C., from the Committee on Public Lands,
to which memorials uponahe subject had been re-
ferred, reported a bill granting the right of way j
to the Gainesville and De Kalb Plank Road Com-
pany; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. C. said, he had been desired by the friends
of the bill to ask that it be put upon its passage.
And as he had some knowledge of the section of
country through which it was proposed that the
road should be made, he desired to say a very few
words in relation to it.
The SPEAKER suggested that the bill should
be read.
After a conversation on a point of order be-
tween Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, and the
Speaker—
The bill was read.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he had no direct
interest in the road—he lived more than three hun-
dred niilcs from it; but he knew the great conve-
nience and -benefit which it would be to the citi-
zens of that section of country, and the inconveni-
ences which they suffered from want of good
communication. It was a poor prairie country
through which the road would pass, and in bad
weather they could not carry over three or four
bales of cotton to the load with their six-horee
teams. The construction of this road would greatly
reduce the expense of transportation to market;
while it would cost the Government little or noth-
ing—as most of the land on the route was taken
up. He was well acquainted with the country,
and was satisfied that the road would not pass
over six sections of the public land. He would
also state that it would be of great benefit to the
country at its western terminus, and would pro-
mote the sales of the public lands there—which
being a thin pine country the land was not now
i taken up on account of the great expense of getting
j their produce to market. It would thus benefit
the Treasury by promoting the sales of the public
! iandsjand would beagreat benefit to the people
I interested, whilst it could injure nobody. He
| hoped the House would not hesitate to pass the
j bill without delay. He repeated that neither he
J nor his constituents had any immediate interest in
| the passage of the bill; the gentleman from Missis-
■' sippi, [Mr. McWilue,] was interested, and he
i hoped the gentleman would let the House know
i the state of the case.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the bill by
striking out the word " minerals," (in that part
which proposed to grant the timber, stones, miner-
als, &c , on the route of the road, to the company.)
Mr. COBB said he was willing: he would ac-
cept the amendment.
Mr. CONGER moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McWILLIE. The right of way proposed
to be granted was over a barren country 
Mr. COBB interposed, and a word of conver-
sation ensued between him and Mr. McWilue.
Mr. McWILLIE further yielded thefloorat the
request of Mr. Inge.
Mr. INGE. I merely wish to make one remark
to the House. I want the House distinctly to un-
derstand that this bill grants nothing but the right of
way. It makes no donation of land; and the ef-
fect of the construction of the road must be to
enhance the price of the public lands and bring
them into market. If this bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it may not be reached again this session,
and as it is a matter of some local interest, I move
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. McWillie] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. INGE. With the consent of the gentle-
man, I make the motion.
Mr. McWILLIE yielded the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. INGE demanded the previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, said, he un-
derstood the friends of this bill to state that it
granted nothing but the right of way; but, if he
understood the reading of the bill, it granted more—
much more. It granted not only the timber ne-
cessary to build the road, but the right to occupy
any mill seats and water privileges—the right to
erect buildings, saw-mills, &c., upon the public
lands. He did not know as he had much objec-
tion to these grants, but thought it proper that
the bill should be understood by the House.
Mr. INGE said the gentleman was altogether
mistaken as to the provisions of the bill. He had
no objection to its being read again, if the House
desired it.
The SPEAKER said, the previous question had
been demanded, and debate was not in order, but
the bill would be read again to the House.
The bill was read.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 80,
noes not counted.
And the main question was ordered, being first
on the motion of Mr. Conger, to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CROWELL inquired if the bill did not
make an appropriation, and this being the case,
if it was not necessary, under the rule, that it should
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
The SPEAKER said it did not make an appro-
priation.
Mr. CROWELL. It makes a grant of timber,
landv&c.
The SPEAKER said, the House had always
considered thai a grant of the public lands was not
such an appropriation as came within the oper*
ation of the rule requring bills to go to the Com*
miUee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Conger, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to refer the bill.
The question recurring on the amendment to
strike out the word " minerals," was taken and
decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading:—
Messrs. SACKETT and CROWELL, respect-
ively, proposed to offer amendments. But they
were not in order at this time.
Mr. CROWELL moved to suspend therules, to
ffointo Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Rejected.
Mr. CROWELL moved to lay the bill on the
table. Rejected.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. CONGER raised the point of order, that it
could not be read a third time to-day, not having
been engrossed.
The SPEAKER said, the question was now on
ordering the bill to be engrossed.
The question was taken, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed.
The question being on the third reading of the
bill-
Mr. CONGER objected to its reading at this
time.
On motion by Mr. COBB, of Alabama, a motion
to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to be read
a third time, was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER stated that, objection being
made to the third reading at this time, the bill
would lie over.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back, with sundry
amendments, Senate bill entitled " An act grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the States of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama,
in aid of the construction of a railroad from Chi-
cago, Illinois, to Mobile, Alabama."
Mr. C. said, the friends of the measure proposed
to put the bill on its passage. Before that was
done he desired to amend it in the third line of the
fifth section—'strike out the word " ten," and in-
sert " twelve."
Mr. STRONG called for the reading of the bill.
Mr. COBB said, he would give way for the read-
ing of the bill, but he wished it understood that
he did not yield the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said, he would move
an amendment to the amendment—to strike out
" twelve," and insert " six."
Mr. JONES inquired, what was the pending
question r
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if it was in order to
move to commit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
A pause ensued.
Mr. JONES said, he would move to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, claimed the floor.
Mr. BAYLY raised the point of order, that no
amendment could be offered until Lhe bill was read
the first time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is mistaken in reference to the fact. The
bill was read a first and second time, before the
amendment was offered.
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER stated, that the only pending
question was upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Alabama. The gentleman having re-
tained the floor, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] could not move his amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON suggested, that the gentle-
man from Alabama could yield the floor to allow
his colleague [Mr. Harris] to offer his amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will remember that the question has once been de-
cided by the Chair and by the House, that the
