1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MB?
floor cannot be yielded by one gentleman to anoth-
er so as to allow him to offer an amendment, ex-
cept by general consent.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Cobb—
Mr. COBB inquired if a discussion of the general
merits of the bill was in order ? He supposed it
might not be, as the question was now upon his
amendment.
The SPEAKER said, the range of debate was
not very limited.
Mr. COBB said, he would proceed, but would
not detain the House long. It was proper (he
said) for him to state—particularly in these peril-
ous times, when almost everybody who brought
a measure, public or private, before the House, or
before the country, was suspected of being inter-
ested and influenced by sinister motives—that so
far as this bill was concerned, he had no individual
interest, nor had his section of Alabama any par-
ticular interest. His. section had an interest in
common with all the western and southern States.
If a work of a national character had been pre-
sented to the American Congress for aid in its pro-
motion, this, he thought, was clearly such an one.
It was proposed to run from the northwest to the
extreme southern portion of the State of Alabama,
binding several States together. If gentlemen de-
sired the perpetuation of this Union, in all proba-
bility they could do nothing more effective towards
securing this object than to tie the Northwest with
the extreme South, thereby binding not only the
Northwest, but the Northeast to the South, by a
railroad connecting the several sections of coun-
try. All we had to know to bind us together was
that our interests were identified; and there was
no surer way of identifying the interests and the
feelings of the various portions of the country than
by establishing facilities for easy communication
with each other. He repeated, he thought this
system was calculated to perpetuate this glorious
Confederacy. For one, he was for the Union, if
it could be preserved upon principles of equality
and justice. He was prepared to do everything in
hid power for the preservation of the Union upon
these principles. But the polar star which should
guide him into the haven of Union was justice: he
should insist that justice be done not only to the
North, but to the South. The South asked noth-
ing but justice. He believed if, by this system of
railroads and other communications, we connected
ourselves immediately together, and interchanged
sentiments and feelings, the views and punciples
of the different sections might, in all probability,
be modified, and we might see the necessity of
perpetuating the Union, as a matter of interest, if
for no other reason.
A pause ensuing,
Mr. MEADE rose and inquired if the gentle-
man from Alabama had moved the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. COBB replied that he had not; and he
would state to the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (who hardly ever got the floor,) that he did
not intend to move it. The friends of the meas-
ute did not desire to have it moved. They i hought
it was pioper that a question of this importance
should be fully and fairly investigated, if it had
merits, let it -stand; if not, let it be rejected.
He wished only to add a woid in relation to that
section of country in Alabama over which the road
would run, that they might not get the idea that Ala-
bama was getting a bribe m this matter. He woukl
not, as an individual, give twelve and a half cents
an acre for the land through which it would pass;
it was remote from any water-courses, a barren,
pine country, in the interior. The work was
purely national in its character; and he believed
the bill ought to pass. He would "now leave the
bill in the hands of the House—especially of its
friends; and would not go into any general re-
marks in its support.
Mr. MARSHALL proposed to offer an amend-
ment in the form otan additional section.
The SPEAKER stated that no amendment was
in order, unless it were an amendment to the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL asked to have the amend-
ment read for information.
It was read, as follows :
Sec. 8. And it is hereby further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands ami alternate sections or pub-
lic lan is be, and they are hereby, granted to the States ot
Illinois and Indiana, respectively, under the same restric-
tions, and to the same extent, as are hereinbefore provided, J
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of the Alton,
Mount Carmel,and New Alh.iny raihoad: Provided, That
said lands hereby granted shall be applied in the coiistiuc-
tion of said road only, as. the work piogresses, and to no
Other purpose whatever.
Mr. INGE inquired if that amendment was in
order now?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. MARSHALL gave notice that he intended
to offer the amendment just read as soon as it
should be in order.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
now on the amendment of Mr. Cobb.
Mr. MARSHALL indicated his desire to offer
the amendment at the proper tune.
Mr. RICHARDSON then obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES asked him to yield.
Mr. RICHARDSON apparently giving way,
Mr. JONES said he desired to move the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON declined, he said, to yield
the floor for any such purpose. He had sup-
posed that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] desired the floor for the purpose of making
an inquiry or an explanation. For that, and for
no other purpose, he would yield.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
JONES and RICHARDSON; and also, on a
point of order between Mr. THOMPSON, of
Mississippi, and the Speaker.
Mr. RICHARDSON then proceeded with his
remarks. He thought, he said, that if gentlemen
understood the provisions of this bill, there could
and would be no objection to its passage. He was
aware that this was a pretty broad assertion
to make; but he had no doubt of its correctness.
He believed that if gentlemen would investigate
.the facts, theie could be no doubt of the passage
of the bill. It proposed to give each alternate sec-
Uon of the public land along the line of country
over which the road was to pass, m aid of its con-
struction. It proposed, also, that the sections
which were not taken, should not be sold unless
they would bring two dollars and fifty cents per
acre. By this donation, the Government itself
would lose nothing, but, on the contrary, would be
thegainer. How so? The route over which it
was proposed that the road should pass in the
State of Illinois—the mam part of it,—passed over
what was known as the Grand Prairie. That
prairie, with three fourths of the road running
through it, would average thirty miles in width.
That land was not taken up by settlers, and would
not be, unless some facilities were given either by
the General Government or by the State for us set-
tlement. if this work should be completed, the
Government would thus be enabled to sell the
land which she held on that prairie, if the work
was not completed, the Government might hold its
land some thirty, forty, or fiity years; for it could
not be expected that persons would go there and
settle unless they had some means of transporting
their material, timber, &c. So far as the construc-
tion of the road in the State of Illinois was con-
cerned, he repeated that it would be an advantage
to the Government itself; it lost nothing, but, on
the contrary, would receive in dollars and cents us
remuneration for that which it gave away. This
was the only feature of the bill; that was all there
was of it. it was true that it proposed to donate
land to the States of Mississippi and Alabama
for that portion of the road which ran thiough
those States; buthe understood from the Represen-
tatives of these States, that all the region of country
through which it was proposed that the road
sh Duld pass was of such a character that it would
be valuable only when furnished with means of
transporting timber to points where it could be sold
and used, it had been objected against this bill,
that it gave away one hundred millions of acres
without any remuneration: that was not tiue.
Objection had also been made, that it was wrong
to raise the price of the public lands in the neigh-
borhood of the work 
Mr. JONES interposed, and inquired of the^
Speaker, whether the morning hour had expired?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES thereupon moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. INGE submitted that the floor could not
be thus taken, in the midst of his remarks, from
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. RICHARDSON stood upon the(same point
of right, and declared that he did not yield the
floor.
The SPEAKER said, it had heretofore been cte*
cided by the Chair, that, after the expiration of the
morning hour, the floor could be claimed by any
member, even when another member was address-
ing the House, for the purpose of moving that the
House proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's tab!$. Afcd the Chair, therefore}
decided that the motion of the gentleman from •
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was in order.
Mr. INGE hoped (he said) that the motion
would be voted down.
The question, " Will the House proceed to the.
consideration of business on the Speaker's table?"
was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 85^
noes 50.
Mr. INGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Leffler and
Williams were appointed.
Mr. McCLERNJWSD. I ask permission of th§
House to allow me to put one question to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The House
is dividing.
Mr. McCLERNAND, This is the virtual de-
feat of the measure 
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Several Members also called to"order.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 87, noes 45.
Mr. RICHARDSON and Mr. INGE demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to theSpeaker.) Will
it be in order now to move that there be a call of
the House ?
[Great confusion in the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will suspend their
remarks, and no motion will be received until or-
der is restored. Gentlemen in the aisles will re-
sume their seats.
After the lapse of some moments,
Mr. McCLERNAND resumed. I ask the
Speaker to state whether it is in order now to move
that there he a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I make the mo-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to.a
question of order, if the House should now
proceed.to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, what will be the position of the
bill when committees shall be again called for re-
ports?
The SPEAKER. If the House should now
pass to the business on the Speakers table, this
bill, being upon its engrossment, will go to the
| Speaker's table among the House bills on their
I engrossment. The bill must be reached, however,
by proceeding to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
demand for the yeas and nays <?n the motion of
Mr. Jones.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Speaker.) I de-
sire to be informed by the Chair, what has become
of my motion for a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The -Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman as having made the motion,
but merely as inquiring whether it would be in
order to submit it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I did distinctly make
the motion for a call of the House.
The question was taken and decided m the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question lecurrmg upon proceeding to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table—
Mr. WILLIAMS suggested to gentlemen on
the other side, not to insist upon the yeas and
nays upon the question, and added, that it was
manifest that this bill could not pass to-day.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman, that
remarks were out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that if the House
proceeded to the business on the Speaker's table,
it would be a virtual, final disposition of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired if it was in order
to move to postpone the further consideration of
the bill to a day certain?
The SPEAKER said, that no motion., was in
order connected with the bill, while the. motion
