1850.
TOP CQISGl
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
continue his remarks by unaminoiis consent:
Mr. DISNEY said his renjarks were merely ex
planatory. ' '' ' ■
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said that there
were two hundred gentlemen' here who would' be
glad to have five minutes to make explanations; -
The SPEAKER said the question of order was
insisted upon.' Thegertt'.eman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] Cannot preyed' with his remarks.
Mr. DISNEY- said he would simply say that,
having failed to obtain the floor, he had finally
voted In favor of the passage of the Resolution, in
the hope that he might perhaps have a chance to
move a reconsideration■ of the vote.' He was en-
tirely Opposed to its passage, as allowing alto-
gether tOol&Yge a sum. ' ■
Mr.' STEPHENS'insisted on the pointof order.
Mr. DISNEY then asked the unanimous con-
sent *of the House to change his vote.
Mr. STEPHENS objected.
And so the conversation ended.
TITLES OP LANDS.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Richardson, for leave to bring in a bill, of. which
previous notice had been given.
The bill was read by its title-(for information)
as a bill " to confirm the titles of lands't'p heirs
and deyisees in certain cases."
No objection having been made, the bill was
introduced, and was read, twice by its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and that
it be printed.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, (being,
he suggested, the more appropriate reference.)
Mr. RICHARDSON acquiesced in the proposed,
change.
And the bill was referred to the ^Committee on
the Judiciary and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the committees be
called for reports.
' The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before.the House a communication from the Clerk'
of the House, furnishing information in relation to
certain maps. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call for
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported' a bill For the relief of George Colliers^
and William G. Petters; which' was read twice,
referred!] to the Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
'On motion by Mr. THOMAS;,'the 'Committee
on Claims Was discharged from 'the further con-
sideration of the memorials of George P. War-
field and others, and of William N. Dbrsett and.
others, asking indemnity for French spoliations;
and they were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affiuis.
Also, on motion by Mr. T., the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of John Lee, askiiig pay for fur-
nishing a horse and carriage for the use of the
House of Representatives; a!nd it was referred to
the Committee on Accounts.
t--:Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the foliowirig'cases; which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed, viz :
The memorial of John G, Gamble, asking com-
pensation for a pair of mules employed in the
military service of the United States; and
The memorial of Henry D. Johnson, for com-
pensation for services as judge advocate on sun-
dry general naval courts-martial.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Plunkett; which
was read twice i )d committed to a Committee of
the Whole House. .
Mr NELSON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bills; which were read
twee and committed ton Committee of the Whole
House, viz: . ^
A bill for the relief of A. Baudoum and A. D,
Roberts; and
A bill for the relief of S. J. Bowen.
Mr DANIEL, from the Committee of .Claims,
reported the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to, viz:
ftonoltai Thilt the Clerk of the House obtain for the use
of toCommittee of Claims, a copy of the records m the
case of the British sloog Vulture, which was libelled and
condemnedinthe district c<?urt of the United States for the
district ofMaine, during the last war with Great Britain. 1
Mr. HUBBARD, frorn the Committee of
Claims, reported the following bills; wh ich were
severally read twice by their titl.es and committed
tp a. Committee of the Whole House, vis:
A bill for the relief of Winthrop S. Harding; and.
At bill for the relief of Daniel. Steenrod,
Mr. PHCENIX, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a: bill for the relief of Williams,
Staples & Williams^ which was read twice by its'
title and referred to a Committee of the Whole'
House. ' '
Mr. STETSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Smith &
Hersey; which was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to a Committee of'the Whole House.
M,r. GRINNELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to provide for the regis-
tering of conveyances of vessels and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, w.ith
the view to cammitment.
Mr. G. asked that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage now It passed the House last year, but at a
period too late to be reached in the Senate. It was
a l}ill, thought by commercial men to be of great
advantage to this species of property.
The bill was then read through, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and, being en-
grossed, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported back, without
amendment, the Senate bill entitled "An act to
provide for the repair and improvement of the dam
at the head of Cumberland island, in the Ohio
river;" and it was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE, from the same committee, re-
ported, back, with several amendments, the bill to
regulate the value of certain foreign coins; which,
with the amendments, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. McLANE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to conunue in force an act therein
mentioned; which was read twice and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McLANE moved that the bill be made the
special order of the day for the first Monday m
March.
Mr. McL. explained that the bill proposed to
continue in force the act of 1800, authorizing the
levying of a tonnage duty of two cents on vessels
entering the port of Baltimore. The act of 1800,
which had been continued in force from time to
time, would expire on the first" of June, 1§50. It
was important; that the present bill, which pro-
posed further to,renew "the. act until 1861, should
receive-the early action of the Hpuse. He there-
fore moved that the bill ,be made tfie special order-
for the day he had designated.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
made "the special order of the day for the first,
Monday in March next,
Mr. AXBERTSON, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported,back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the
House bill further to extend the time for locating
Yirginia military land warrants, and. for the re-
turn of the surveys thereon to the General Land
Office.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. MEADE inquired whether the bill em-
braced the cases under the law of 1841 ?
Mr. TAYLOR rose and said: Mr- Speaker,
the bill now before the House is one of very con-
siderable importance to the district I represent,and
I am very anxious that it should be passed with-
out delay. It will be recollected by the members
of the last Congress, that during its first session
the time for locating Virginia military land war-
rants, issued for services of the officers and sol-
diers of the State of Virginia upon Continental
establishment, was extended to the first day of
January,1850.
That time having now elapsed, the office of the
Surveyor of the Virginia Military District-in Ohio
is now, in effect, closed against the entering and
locating of the residue of the lands in that district.
I have now before me a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, dated yester-
day, in which he states,—" that from the report
'of the Surveyor of the Virginia Military District,
' dated 29th November, 1849, about 180,000 acres
' of land remain in said district subject to entry,
' and that the amount of continental land warrants
« on Mi in this office, is-106,000 acres,'or about,
' that amount.- .-i f
These lands are of- comparatively little value.
Some are, worth lOcerHs, some 20,cents, some 50
cents, and. some smalt portions, in detpebed' lots,
may be said to be wtirth one dollar per acre. And'
they are subject to entry only by tljose holding
Virginia military land warrants, for continental
services during the revolutionary war. The
100,000 acres referred to by the Commissioner
of the Land Office, now on file at' the General
Land Office, and any others of a similar liipd , held
by persons in any part of the country,—whether
they are such as are referred to by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] and are owned by
persons in that State, in Ohio, or in any other
State, can only be entered in that district.
It is, therefore, of great, importance to the own-
ers of, these military land warrants, wherever they,
may reside, as well a* to the citizens of Ohio, in
that part of. the Virginia military district in Ohio,
which f represent, that this bill should, pass, with-
out delay, that the surveys may progress. The
180,000 acres of land in that district are the only
lands in Ohio which have not yet been surveyed.
As the surrounding country is, settled, cultivated,
and improved, the price of real estate advances, and
many of. the old inhabitants of that' part of. the,
country desire to enter smalt parts qf those unoc-
cupied lands for timber and pasture, lapds, where
the quality renders it unfit for cultivation.
1 will notdetairi the House, Mr. Speaker, unne-
cessarily.' The bill now before the House is an,
exact copy of the law passed during the first ses-
sion of the last Congress. It was introduced, by
myself some weeks since, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and is now reported back
by that committee, with a recommendation that it
now be put upon its passage. The public interest,
requires that it should be acted on at once, and I
trust the House will pass the bill witffout any
delay.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at
this time; and, having been read a, third time, was
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Wm.
J. Price; which was read twice by its title and
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HOAGLAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to reduce the price of.
the public lands belonging to the United States, in
the vicinity of the Wabash and Erie and Mjami
Extension,Canal, in the State of Ohio ; which was
read twice by its title and committed,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania,.from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported .Mck, with
an amendment, the biy entitled "An act to extend
the benefit of An act to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization, and to repeal the acts heretofore
passed on the subject of .the wives.and children of
citizens;" which bill was referred to the Gonjmittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the Committee on the Judiciary was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Rogers and wife, on the subject of Freneh
spoliations; and it was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Also, on motion by Mr. T., the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of. the citizens of Armstrong county,
Pennsylvania, praying a change in the tariff law;
arid it was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported the follow-
ing bill, which was read twice by its title arid re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, viz:
A bill for the relief of Christopher H. Dix.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of the heirs of Wil-
liam Sterrett, asking for the establishing of a tri-
bunal for the adjustment of a claim under the
treaty with Spain; which was ordered to lie on the
table and l>e printed.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to change the time of
hoiding the district court of the United States for
the western district of Virginia and for other pur-
