1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1439
Mr. WENT WORTH and others called for the
reading of the bill.
H was read.
Mr. BAYLY moved to refer thetiill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He begged leave, in making this motion, to state,
that Jt must go there, as it contained an appropri-
ation.
The SPEAKER. The bill, containing an ap-
propriation, must be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, unless, by
unanimous consent, the question is permitted to be
taken upon ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. CONRAD said, he hoped the unanimous
consent would be given.
Mr. BAYLY said he should object. But before
doing so, he desired to assign his reasons. There
had yet no monument been erected by Congress
to the Father of his Country.
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated, that
debate was not in order, as the bill contained an
appropriation, and must first be considered and
discussed (if discussion arose) in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY said, he objected to its being put
upon its passage now; for no monument had been
erected by Congress to any other of the deceased
Presidents.
Mr. CONRAD inquired whether, if the bill
were sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the gentleman from Virginia
would move to amend it by providing for the erec-
tion of a monument to the Father of his Country ?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that he should move an
amendment providing for monuments to all the
deceased Presidents.
Mr. MORSE inquired if it would be in order to
instruct the Committee of Ways and Means to
report an amendment to the bill to include other
appropriations ?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was pending, and such a motion would not
now be in order.
Mr. MORSE inquired if it would be in order
to instruct the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, that no motion was in
order which would give rise to debate. The rule
was peremptory that no debate could take place in
the House upon an appropriation bill until it had
been considered in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. GENTRY said, he appiehended that in-
structions could be given to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Instructions can be given;
but no instructions, the Chair apprehends, that
will raise a discussion upon the meiits of the bill.
The rule is p sitive, that all bills relating to appro-
priations of money shall first be considered and
discussed in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and the Chair would rule, if it be-
came necessary, that by the operation of the rule,
a bill after the second rending should go to the
commatee. It had been customary, however, to
propound the question to the House, whether Che
bill should i e leftried as requiied by the rule.
Mr. BILLIARD, (to tne Speaker.) is it com-
petent for - e now to move 10 increase the amount?
The SPEAKER. The Unair has decidcd that
no motion of mat kind can oe made now, because
it wouid bring up the mti its of the bill, which can-
not be considered at this fine. Where a bill con-
tain* an appropriation, the rule requires that it
shall fii st be con&ideied in Committee of the Whole
oil the state uf the Union, and no other motion,
ex® 'puo teier to the Committee of the Whole on the
siaiej of (he Union, or to one of the standing com-
mutes of the H'>u-o, is in order.
Mr. tiiLLlAIU>. I can only say that, when
the bill sintii be taken up, I hope the amount of j{
the ?ipj>n>}.nation may be increased. j[
The question was men taken, and the bill was
refeirtU to the Committee of the Whole on the '
state of the Union. j j
PENSIONS. r
The joint rc ^oluuo.i, explanatory of certain pen-
sion acts therein mentioned, came up in order. 1
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
passage of the bill. :
Mr. WALDO called for the reading of the bill; |
and it was read. i
Mr. FREEDLEY. This bill has been discussed
upon three or four different occasions. I have no
doubt that the members of this House have made
up their minds upon it, and that they are fully pre-
pared to vote. I therefore call for the previous
question, and hope the House will sustain me.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (to the
Speaker.) My impression is, that when this bill
was last before the House, I was entitled to the
floor upon itt Gentlemen near me inform me that
such was the fact, and it is my belief that it is so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON. Since I obtained the floor
on a former day, 1 have examined the bill care-
fully.
Mr. T. then entered into a conversation with
Mr. Jones, as to one point of construction of the
law, upon which he desired some information
from a gentleman not now in his seat. If the bill
could be set right m that particular, he should be
satisfied with it.
Mr. JONES moved the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and the bill was passed.
Mr. WALDO moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the House, in re-
gard to an index to the claims against the Govern-
ment, which had been ordered last Congress to be
prepared under the direction of the former Clerk
of the House, and which was now in course of
preparation—suggesting to the House the proprie-
ty of authorizing the employment of additional
force thereon, to have said index completed before
the meeting of the next session of Congress.
The communication having been read—
On motion by Mr. DANIEL, it was referred to
the Committee of Claims, which committee (Mr.
D. said) had the subject under consideration.
STATE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
Th& SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the New York State Agricultural
Society, inviting the members of Congress to at-
tend their next annual exhibition on the 3d, 4th,
and 5th of Septemoer next, in the city of New
York; which was read.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whoie on the state of
the Union.
LOUISIANA COURTS.
Mr. MORSE rose (he said) to a privileged
question, and he hoped the House would give mm
its ear for a single moment. He wished to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the House
had referred a bill from the Senate, containing an
amendment to the act creating the western judi-
ciary district for Louisiana. He moved to recon-
sider the vote for the purpose of putting the bill
on its pasoge.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bayly.) Does the
gentleman from Virginia withdraw his motion?
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will withdraw it for this pur-
pose.
Mr. MORSE made the motion to reconsider al-
luded to. He said he desired simply to state to
the House, that the Senate had passed a bill
amending the act creating a judiciary for the west-
ern district of Louisiana; which original act omit-
ted one or two counties; and unless this bill were
immediately passed, it would be impossible foi
the marshals to take the census of the Stale of
Louisiana properly. It involved no appropriation
at all; it merely corrected an en or, by which the
parish of Bienviiie, which he represented, was
erroneously placed in the first judicial district.
He explained the manner in whicti the error had
arisen, and said that, in consequence of it the peo-
ple in these parishes were not able to bring their
suits either in the eastern or western districts, nor
the marshals to take their census, under these cir-
cumstances. lie hoped the vote would be recon-
sidered.
Mr. CONRAD said, it was on his motion that
this Dili had been referred to ihe Committee on the
Judiciary. He had made the motion for tne pur-
pose of moving an amendment to the bill, having
reference to the eastern district of the State. Hav-
ing understood, however, from his colleague, that
if this bill were referred? to a committee, it would
endanger its passage at this session; arrd believing
it to be important to the people of Louisiana that
it be passed immediately, he hoped that the motion
to reconsider would prevail.
Mr. HALL asked that the bill be reported, that
they might know what they were acting upon.
The bill was lead.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was again brought before the House.
And the question recurring on referring it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, was taken, and de«
cided m the negative.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. MORSE expressed the hope that it would
be read a third time and passed.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
ADVANCES OF MAINE.
On motion by Mr. LITTLEF1 ELD, the vote
was reconsidered by which the bill from the Sen-
ate in reference to the payment of interest to
Maine was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. L. then withdrew the motion te refer to the
Committee of Ways'and Means; and on his mo-
tion, the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BAYLY renewed his motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whoie
on the state of the Union. 4
He however waived his motion at the request
of Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said there
had been for some time in the hands of the Judici-
ary Committee a bill from the Senate to provide
for the holding of the District Courts of the United
States in case of sickness or other disability of the
district judge—winch he now asked the House
to allow him to report back from the Judiciary
Committee with a view to put it upon its passage.
He said this bill was peculiarly applicable at this
time to the southern district of New York. The
United States judge of that district was in very
bad health and not able to hold his court. But
instead of making it a special act in regard to the
southern district of New York, the Committee on
the Judiciary in the Senate had reported a general
bill providing for all such cases. The bill was
very well considered; he thought it included noth-
ing that could be objectionable to anybody, and
nothing but what was necessary, in case of the
sickness or other disability of the judge, to provide
for holding the court. He therefore asked the
previous question on the passage of the bill. The
question was taken and there was a second.
The main question was ordered,and being taken*
The bill was read a third time and passed.
TIGRE ISLAND.
Mr. SAVAGE moved to reconsider the vote of
yesterday, referring the message of the President
in answer to the resolution of this House, passed
24th of January, to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs; and said, he did not intend to make a
speech—he should say but httie. His only objeci
in making the motion was to state his position in
relation to the matters of the message. The sub-
ject might not come up again this session, and si-
lence now might hereafter be cite.I as evidence of
approbation, it was to exclude this conclusion
that he desired the attention of the House for a
few moments. He held it to be the duty of poli-
ticians and parties to declare their opinions and
policy, with that kind of certainty, called by the
law books, certainty to a certain intent, m every
particular, which excludes all doubt or argument.
The not doing this, has caused much of the evil
and distraction of the piesent hour.
That, upon hearing of the hostile proceedings
of the English in Central America, he had moved
the original resolution. Tire Administration an-
sweied, that it was not compatible with the public
interest to give the lnlormcition asked. I believed
this a mer e evasion, to conceal the policy inteded to
be pursued. 1 could not then, nor can I now, under-
stand what cause there was for such concealment,
except to avoid the opinion and censure of this
House, which surely could never have advised the
tieaty which is now sent to us, together with the
