846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13.
poses; which was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be directed to have a copy of all the land laws of the United
States placed in the committee room of the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Joseph Richards, devisee, &c., which was read
twice by its title .and referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief Robert
Davidson; which was read twice by its title and
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, made adverse reports on
the following cases; which were ordered to lie on
the table and be printed, viz:
On the petition of Israel Johnson, prayjng for
compensation for services rendered as an Indian
Agent; and
On the memorials of E. D. McKinney and
others; and of R. J. McElhany and N. R. Smith,
securities for Samuel H. Bureh.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
the Committee on Indian Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, asking for the re-
moval of the Chippewa Indians.
'Mr. JOHNSON said he learned from the De-
partment that all the necessary steps had been
taken. He moved, therefore, that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill, and that it be laid.on the table.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill
for the relief of James Dixon; which was read
twice by its title and referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, Sen-
ate bill entitled "An act to provide for the adjust-
ment and payment of expenses incurred, and
obligations contracted, by the State of Florida m
providing for the safety of the people of that
State during the recent insurrection or the Semi-
nole Indians;" which bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved that the bill
be made the special order of the day for the last
Tuesday of this month.
Mr. CARTER objected.
Mr BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do not pass, the
Senate bill to refund to the State of North Caro-
lina the amount of money advanced and transport-
ation furnished to volunteers from thatState during
the late war with Mexico; which bill was commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Oil motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the officers and
soldiers of the war of 1812, prayifig a grant of
bounty land; also, from the memorial of the 2d
regiment of Kentucky foot, at Danville; and they
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Oil motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the following memorials, and they
were ordered to lie on the table, viz:
The memorial of Aaron Hinchman and others,
citizens of Salem, Ohio, asking Coiigress to abol-
ish the army and navy, to abandon the fortifica-
tions of the United States, and all means of resist-
ance to an enemy;
The memorial of the citizens of Fort Gatlin,
Florida, asking relief in consequence of having
been driven from their homes by the Indians;
The memorial of J. A. D. Lawrence's adminis-
trator, asking payment for supplies furnished the
United States army;
The memorial of George Lend rum, praying com-
pensationforbeeffurnished theUnited States army
at Fort Jesup; and
The memorial of Captain William Black's com-
pany of mounted volunteers, for compensation for
military services.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported- a bill for the relief of
Manuel X. Harmony; which was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the said
committee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of Benjamin S. Ely,
on the subject of maintaining military officers in
California; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. EWING, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Elizabeth M.
Churchill; and it was ordered to lie on the taSle.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of John B.
Klein, for the purchase of his improved gun; and
it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for" the relief of
Edward Everett, which was read twice by its title
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mi. WHITE, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas O.
Seifridge, a commander in the United States navy;
which was read twice by its title and referred to
a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Graves, which was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House.
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Marinus M. Piercy,
for a pension in consequence of wounds received
in the service on board the United States ship John
Adams, and it was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Oregon Ter-
ritory; and it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution to supply the Territories of Ore-
gon and Minnesota with copies of the Narrative of
the Exploring Expedition; which was read twice
by its title and oi-deied to be engrossed for a third
reading; and, being engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BAKER rose, he said, to what he sup-
posed to be a privileged question. He had, some
time since, presented the credentials of Hugh N.
Smith, delegate elect from the Territory of New
Mexico, which were referred to the Committee on
Elections. A motion had been made to reconsider
the vote, and that motion was now pending. He
desired to have the question disposed of, that tiie
petition might go to the Committee on Elections
to be decided, as he understood that the commit-
tee was anxious to decide it upon the same ground
as that upon which it was understood the case of
the delegate from Deseret had been decided.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER said that, in the opinion of the
Chair, this was not a question of privilege which
could be called up at this time. The motion to
reconsider was a privileged question to be called
up when that class of business was in order. It
would be in older when the call of the States for
petitions was in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made an adverse report on
the claim of Zachanah Barber, for a pension; and
it was ordered to he on the table and be printed.
Mr. WALDO, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read
and agieed to, viz:
Resolved, That the petition and papers in the case of
Lieut. E. Starr, be withdi.ivvnfiom the hle ol the House and
retened to the Committee on R'jvolutiouaiy Pensions.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Jacob Diinl;house, and a bill for the relief of
Anna Griffin; which were severally read twice by
their titles and referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Eliza-
beth McDougal; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported the following
bills, which were severally read twice by their ti-
tles and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, viz:
A bill for the relief of Jesse Done; and
A biH for the benefit of Hubert Booby.
Mr. MATTESON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adveise report on the pe-
tition of Elizabeth Armstrong, for back pension;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made adverse reports on the me-
morials of. Margaret Hill and Mr. Gallagher; and
leave was granted to the petitioners to withdraw
their papers.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Amaziah Ford,
for back pay of pension; and it was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
severally read twice by their titles and referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, viz:
A bill for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman, and
A bill for the relief of William Wicher.
Mr. OWEN, on leave being granted, reported a
bill for the relief of the Monroe Railroad and
Banking Company, of the State of Georgia; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. SIBLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, requested to communicate to this House the report of
the officer of the army who was dispatched to Pembia
Settlement, or to the Red River of the north, under orders
of the Department of War, in the summer of 1849, with
such other documents relating to the said expedition as
may be in the possession of the Department, tending to
show the condition of affairs on the northwestern frontier
ot the Territory of Minnesota.
On motion by Mr. "WALDEN", the Committee
on Patents was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions of Levi C. Wadleigh
and five others, W. B. Harsellene, Thomas Blan-
chard, A. T. Godwin, and H. Y. Gibson, asking
to be secured in their rights to a machine for cut-
ting irregular forms; and it was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide for the selection
of school lands in the State of Illinois, in certain
cases, in lieu of the 16th section; which was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. THCJRSTON said: Mr. Speaker, I have
some resolutions which I hope the House will do
me the favor to allow me to present. I will send
them to your table, sir, to be read for information.
I hope the House will be disposed to adopt them.
The resolutions were then read, and no objec-
tion being made, were adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making additional appro-
priations for the construction of light-houses at Cape Dis-
appomtment.and New Dungeness, and for the construction
and anehoidge of the requisite number of buoystoindicate
the channels at the mouth of the Columbia river, and ihe
approaches to the harbor of Astoria, in the Territory of Ore
gon.
Also, that said committee be further instructed to inquire
what other improvements ai« necessary to be, made to facil-
itate navigation, and to aid our commerce at the mouth of
said Columbia river, and at liie Straits of Fuca, Admuuky
Jnlet, the channels and harbors of Pugpt'^ Pound, and the
approaches to, and the harbor of the port of NesquulJy, and
into the expediency of making appiopriations for the "same,
or any part theieof.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, by general
consent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed,to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law,
for the adequate punishment of persons who, as agents,
ahull collect or receive money from the Government, and
shall fail to pay the same promptly to the persons entitled
thereto.
Mr. BISSELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to grant the right of way to
the Alton and Sangamon Railroad Company; but
it was objected to.
