1850.
THE congressional OLOim
These measures must, of course, originate solely with
themselves. Assure tbem of the sincere fieaire of the Ex-
ecutive'of the United States to protectant! defend them in
the formation of any government, Vepublican m its charac-
ter, hereafter to be submitted to Congress, which shall be
the result of their own deliberative ehoicfc. But let it be
at the same time, distinctly understood by them, that the
plan of such a government must originate with themselves,
and without the.interference of the Executive."
I challenge any gentleman to show any passage
parallel to this in any document emanating from
the last Administration. Nothing like it—nothing
in the remotest degree akin to it, can be found in any
of the masterly productions of Mr. Polk, or those of
his able and patriotic Cabinet. I gp further, and
say, the annals of diplomacy might be ransacked
in vain fbf such an exhibition as is contained in
this passage. Remember, sir, these instructions
did not concern our relations with any foreign
government: they were to be used on our own ter-
ritory and among our own people. And yet you
have in them all the caution, all the secrecy, and
all the mystery, which might have been expected
in the most artful specimens of international diplo-
macy. Mr. XCing " was fully possessed of the Pres-
ident's views!" But what were those views? They
are nowhere given in this document. No, sir! it
is evident they were made known m the secrecy
of cabinet consultations—the words in which they
were conveyed swelled not beyond the lofty ceil-
ings of the Executive mansion,and they are buried
in the memory of the cabal that concocted them,
and of the agent to whom they were communica-
ted. Mr. King was instructed to " suggest to the
people of California the adoption of measures best cal-
culated to gipe them (the President's views) effect;'''
and immediately upon the heels of this comes that
most ludicrous caution, " these measures must of
course originate with themselves!" And so fearful
was Mr. Clayton that " the views of the Presi-
dent," and " the measures" suggested " to give
them effect," might be suspected by somebody
to be really the views and measures of the Pres-
ident, that he repeats the caution over and over
again, no less than three times in thjp single par-
agraph ! He says to the people of California,
"you ought to do this;" but mind, "it must origin-
ate solely with yourselves;" and mind again, it
must " be the result of your own deliberate
choice;" and yet again remember, it must be
" without the interference of the Executive."
This last caution is absolutely so ridiculous that
it excites contempt as well as amusement. Who is
it that warns the people of California against "the
interference of the Executive ? " Why, sir, it is
the Executive himself. And why should the
President caution the people of California against
his own interference? There can only be one
reason; and that is, because he felt conscious that he
was interfering, and he sought in this blundering
way to conceal it from himself as well as from those
to whom this paternal advice was addressed. Sir,
there is nothing like this in ail history, unless it be
m some of those examples of profound legal skill,
of which we have instances on record, where a
deed of conveyance, fraudulent in its character,
attempts to evade the force of the facts by gravely
declaring there is no fraud in the transaction.
But, Mr. Speaker, I leave this transparent
artifice, which is calculated merely to excite a
smile, and I approach other considerations of far
deeper import. Can you conceive it possible that
the Piesident of the United States, or rather his
Cabinet advisers, could have sent this agent to Cal-
ifornia on this important mission, without having
thought of the great question of slavery, and with-
out having given Mr. King the most ample in-
structions in'regard to it? Can you suppose that
in the advices he was to bear to the people of that
distant Territory, there were none which touched
this all-important subject? It is impossible.
When you reflect, sir, that but for this disturbing
question there would have been no necessity for
such an agent, and no pretext for any action on
the part of the Executive, you cannot resist the
conviction that "the views of the President," on
this subject, were freely communicated to Mr.
Kino-, and by him to the people of California.
What were those views? What was Mr. King
authorized to say to the people of California, on
this vital and all-absorbing question? What did
he say to them ? Did he tell them, they could not
be admitted into this Union as a sovereign State,
if their constitution should tolerate slavery?
Did he encourage them, m the name and by
the authority of the Executive, to seek to icon*
cilrnte the favor of the northern States, by sacri-
ficing the interests of the southern > Something
on this subject, he must have said—something
conveying a suggestion of " measures best calcu-
lated to give effect" to the President's views. Nor
can we be at a loss, Mr. Speaker, to determine
the character of the communication made by this
agent to the people of California. Lay aside all
newspaper rumors and verbal reports, and look at
the unequivocal declarations of Mr. Clayton's let-
ter, in which, as the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] well remarked, he usurped the ju-
dicial power, and proclaimed that the preexisting
laws of Mexico would control the relations of the
inhabitants with each other, in spite of the Consti-
tution of the United States ! Look again at the
proceedings of the convention, and the actual pro-
hibition of slavery incorporated int'o their consti-
tution, with the Executive recommendation that
the constitution be sanctioned, and the State ad-
mitted into the Union ! Here you have the result
of the movement, in which, no doubt, the Presi-
dent's views have been completely effected. And
is it possible to mistake the character of the advice
which produced this result? Concealed though it
may be from the eye, it is plainly written in these
facts. I coneeive it to be only a legitimate infer-
ence from the premises, that the President's advi-
sers, in hatching up this notable means of escaping
from their awkward position, have deemed it in-
dispensable to secure a constitution excluding
slavery, so as to make it acceptable to the prepon-
derating power of the northern States in the two
Houses of Congress. Any other scheme would
in all probability have failed; and having resolved
upon the fatal step, it would have been weakness
not to give it every possible chance of success.
To have provided for any show of fairness or fa-
vor to the southern States would,In the present
condition of opinion and power in the North, have
resulted in inevitable discomfiture. Hence, in all
the calculations of this Cabinet cabal, the propriety
of making a slave State on the shores ot the Pa-
cific was not for one moment considered.
In making these remarks, sir, I mean no dis-
respect to Mr. King. 1 have long enjoyed the ac-
quaintance of that gentleman, and I entertain for
him personally the highest esteem. I speak only
of his late mission to California in its political
bearings; and in that view my judgment does
most decidedly condemn alike the Administration
and its agent.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us pause awhile and
consider the nature and the magnitude of the
crime involved in this proceeding. I say crime,
sir—crime against the Constitution of the land—
against the rights of one half of the sovereign
States of this Confederacy, and against the integri*
ty and the very existence of the Union itself. The
people now in California have been invited by the
President to assume the government of a country
belonging to the United States—to fix their own
boundaries, and usurp the control of a vast and
valuable territory—to prescribe the qualifications
of voters, and, in short, to do everything neces-
sary to the establishment of an independent State
government. These are functions strictly legisla-
tive in their character, and never before, in any
similar instance, exercised except by the authority
and direction of the Government of the United
States. What the people of California have none
is strictly revofutionary, and the President of the
United States has been virtually at the head of this
revolution. If there be any validity m these pro-
ceedings, California is at this moment an independ-
ent State. She may or may not ask to be admit-
ted into the Union. If the revolution be success-
ful, she is the arbiter o'f her own destiny, with
complete power, jurisdiction, and ownership over
the territory, which has'been thus wrested from
the United States.
And for what has the President placed the rela-
tions of this Government with California in this
perilous position? Only, sir, to relieve Ins ad-
ministration from that equally perilous position in
which its conflicting supporters had placed it—
only, sir, to avoid that rock, on which it was felt
the bark of its power must inevitably split. The
President has undertaken to cut the Gordian knot
of the slave question, with the sword of arbitrary
power. Here, in my judgment, lies the most cul-
pable part of this whole plot. What was the
VVilmot proviso ? It was simply the exclusion of
slavery by the power of CorigVess. But here We
have the same thing effected by the trenchant
power iof the ExeetiUve. It thattWS nVt what, iri-  
srtruments he has itnnldyii—pit matterS-ftotihit he
has stirred lip the people of C&li'foMia, to do.'ttii?
thing in their o wn naftie. The Usurpation \fhicfi
effects it, and the indirection which attempts to
conceal it, only mark th'e act in Still blacker Co'lorfi
.for the condemnation of the people. , '
I have said this question had been greatly com-
plicated by the measures of the Executive. He
has htimself usurped the judicial power and? pro-
claimed the Wilmot proviso in force in California;
and he has again usurped the WgMative power to
procure its incorporation in the pronunciamient'o of
a revolutionary movement. And now in this form
the measure is presented to us for our Acceptance!
Not in the simple form of its original existence,
but surrounded by a thousand accessory questions
of the greatest magnitude and of the most vital im-
portance. There is the question of Jjmits—the
question concerning the number, character, and lo-
cation of the inhabitants—the cognate question -of
the admission .of Deseret and New Mexico, with
the hnsettled boundary of Texas—and finally,
there is the great question of disturbing the present
comparative equilibrium of the northern and south-
ern States, and the admission of a principle—the
establishment of a precedent—whicii shrouds the
future of one Section of"this Union in impenetrable
darkness. At this delicate and dangerous crisis,
while the two sections of the Union are exasper-
ated against each other almost to the point of rup-
ture, all these momentous questions are precipi-
tated upon us. If there had been no war between
the North and the South, such as has been waged
for some years—if, in a season of profound calm,
a territorial government had been established, and
the South had enjoyed a fair aad equal chance for
the establishment of her institutions m California
—if, under these circumstances, a State govern-
ment had been regularly formed with the consent
of Congress, the South would, even then, have
been reluctant to see the equilibrium of the system
disturbed, and her assent would have been attend-
ed with the most gloomy forebodings. I do not
doubt, however, that she would have submitted
to the measure in spite of its danger. But how
different is the case which is presented to her
now ? For years past we have been continually
assaulted in the most vulnerable points, and the
assailants have been shielded under the shadow of
the Union, whose fundamental principles they
have outraged. The agitation has been violently
maintained ever since the acquisition of California
—a measure most baleful to the South' has been
held in terrorem over the heads of the people—
and under the influence of these rf isa.strous circum-
starices, the people of the Sou thern States and tliejr
institutions have been virtually excluded by force
from the territory in question. During all this
time the South has been protesting against these
outrages, and by her firm resistance she has been
able to prevent unjust legislation, and I believe
she has even succeeded in making a powerful im-
pression in her favor upon a large portion of the
northern people. Just at this critical time, the
old question, in a more insidious form, is about
to be presented to us, and we are gravely asked to
accept and Submit to it. We are called upon to
abandon all precedent—to violate all law—to
trample on the Constitution—and to sanction the
grossest usurpations in order to bring upon our-
selves the very evil against which we have been
so long struggling. And to place us under the
strongest possible duress, the question is to be
presented in the shape of a State asking "to be;
admitted into the Union, when, for the purpose of
vindicating our ow,n rights under the Constitution,
j we must seemingly place ourselves in opposition
1 to the rights of the people of California. But this
I will not embarrass us for a moment. Those peo-
| pie will scarcely expect us to submit to a subversion
I of the most sacred principles of our fundamental
j law, in order that they may enjoy the advantages of
I a violated Constitution, Such a submission on our
part, while it would be ruinous to us, would ren-
I der the Union itself almost valueless to them. A
fatal omen would it be to the destinies of this
great Confederacy, if this new star should arise
from amidst the fragments of a broken Constitu-
tion, paled in its ascent by the cloud of Executive
usurpation.
Fatal, indeed, would the policy inevitably be„
