1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
acts of Congress of 1808 and 1819, an exhibit of
the contracts authorized by the Treasury Depart-
ment, during the years 1848-'49; of payments
made from the Treasury, according to specific
laws; of the expenditures for the discharge of
miscellaneous claims; of the expenditures out of
the marine hospital fund for the relief of sick and
disabled seamen, for the year 1849; which com-
munication,
On the motion of Mr. BAYLY, was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed. .
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The joint resolution from the Senate, "limiting
the expenses for collecting the revenue from cus-
toms for the present fiscal'year," having been re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment to the
amendment of the House, and now coming up on
the question of concurrence therein—
The amendment of the Senate was read. It au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose
of the Government lease of certain warehouses on
the best practicable terms for the Government, on
or about the 1st of January next, or to retain such
parts of the lease, or to lease other warehouses for
the storage of unclaimed goods as are required by
law to be stored by the Government.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the said amendment
of the Senate be concurred in by the House; and,
he said, before following up that motion with
another, he merely desired to say, that the amend-
ment of the Senate met the concurrence of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that it was
in accordance with views which he had presented
in the committee. He thought it was an import-
ant part of the resolution. He moved the previous
question.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the amend-
ment, which was again read.
Mr. ASHE desired to inquire, he said, of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Bayly",] whether the adoption of the amend-
ment would not do away with the warehousing
system ?
Mr. BAYLY. No—it will not.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question (on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the
House) was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive without a division.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid
upon the table.
So the joint resolution awaits only .the signature
of the President to become a law.
THE SUPREME COURT.
The joint resolution from the Senate authorizing
the appointment of a special clerk by the Supreme
Court of the United States, coming up on its first
and second reading, and having received the
same—
Mr. BAYLY said the Supreme Court of the
United States, in consequence of the press of busi-
ness upon them, growing out of the reform that
had been made in the discussions before that tri-
bunal, had found it absolutely necessary to have a
clerk to transcribe their opinions. Tl^ey had not
time to do it themselves. And that court asked
for this clerk, of a moderate salary, to be appoint-
ed by the court itself. He hoped there wouW be
no objections to putting this joint resolution on its
Mr. JONES said he objected to the resolution
being put upon its passage, and he not only op-
posed it now, but he should oppose it whenever
the question came up.
Thejudiciary system had been increasing and
augmenting in expenses every year—almost every
day he might say, and it now cost at least twice as
much as, in his opinion, it was worth to the coun-
try. And pass this resolution, and give this clerk,
and another year perhaps every justice of that
court would want a clerk to be paid out of the
public treasury at $6 a day. Now, if we inquired
as to the compensation received by the clerk of
the Supreme .Court of the United States, it would
bp found to be sufficient to pay for all the clerical
duties that could possibly be required, either for
the court at the council room or in the courtroom.
He could not see the necessity for an additional
clerk when they had a clerk there to do the busi-
ness, furnished by law, and amply paid to do all
the duties that the court could possibly require.
He moved that the resolution be referred to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union. -
Mr. BAYLY said his friend from Tennessee, he
was sure, misunderstood the character of this
clerk called for. The Judges of the Supreme
Court were required to record their opinions of
course. In writing their opinions they frequently
interlined them very much. Some of them wrote
bad hands. It was impossible for men of their
age to do this copying for themselves; and if they
could do it it would be very false economy to require
them to do it, because their time might be much
better employed. A clerk to copy these opinions
must be a man who understood technical terms,
who understood the abbreviations which the
judges made. He must be a lawyer. But in ad-
dition to that, the resolution contemplated addi-
tional duty upon his part. It was to make inves-
tigation, to aid the Court in investigations, which
would save much mere drudgery of labor on their
part, and enable them to dispatch their business
more expeditiously.
It was very well known that for the opinions of
the majority of that Court he had no very great
respeet; for the opinions of others of them he had
a high respcct. But he had no idea that that high
tribunal would ask an appointment of that sort
unless there were a necessity for it. He had no
particular anxiety about the disposition of the
resolution. If it were the pleasure of the House
to send it to the Committee on the Judiciary he
would not object. But in the mean time that Court
was in session, and ill want of these very services,
as he was informed.
Mr. CARTER said he wished the resolution to
be read, that it might be ascertained what kind of
a clerk it proposed to give the Supreme Court.
The resolution was read accordingly.
Mr. CARTER said he considered this an ex-
traordinary application. In the organization of the
Court they had generally a competent clerk, with
deputies. This Court was furnished with three,
and the extraordinary duties of this particular
officer contemplated by the resolution were defined
by the resolution itself. They were, as he under-
stood from the reading of the resolution, to make
researches, and gather up materials [a laugh] for
opinions on the part of the Bench; and the reason
assigned for it by the able chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] was,
that the Judges had become old and not able to
do it themselves. A better remedy for that state
of things was a reformation of the Constitution of
the United States, compelling the Judges to quit
the Bench when they became unfit to do the duties
of the Bench.
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and inquired if the
gentleman would dispense with the services of
Chief Justice Taney in that court ?
Mr. CARTER replied, when he became so old
and inefficient that he could not do his own think-
ing [a laugh] without being supplied with a clerk
for that purpose, he (Mr. C.) would be in favor
of it. If he comprehended this resolution, it pro-
vided a clerk to aid them in thinking, [laughter]—
a clerk for investigalion! [Renewed laughter.]
This was the proposition that was coolly made
here by the Supreme Court of the United States
—that.they might be furnished with auxiliary
brains, to do their thinking, [laughter,] which
now, God knows, they did not do. But the way
to correct the evil was not by thrusting upon them
a supplemental judge, (for that seemed to be the
office of the clerk proposed,) but to reform the
Constitution, and cut them off when old age, de-
bility, or bad habits [laughter] disabled them for
investigating for themselves.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
thought the resolution should go to the Committee
on the Judiciary; he thought it due to the Supreme
Court that it should take this reference. Here
was an application coolly made- 
Mr. CARTER interposing. I think the appli-
cation is very cool.
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that the discussion
was not quite of the same character. It was
pretty earnest, somewhat'cavalier.
This was not, as he understood, a clerk at all
for the court; it was a clerk for the judges. They
Had a vast duty upon them. He himself knew
that there was a vast duty resting upon that Bench;
and they had as little aid in performing that duty,
even much less aid than any other body doing the
same amount of business. He was in favor, how-
ever, of the resolution being investigated, and
thought it should be referred to the Committee <Jn
thejudiciary.
He had been sorry, very sdrry indeed, to hear
reflections cast upon that Court, whose course
had done honor to the country, whose decisions
had done so much, not only to interpret our own
Constitution, _ but to shed light upon the great
principles of international and of common law.
He would give them no extra or unnecessary
officers. But when the Committee of Ways and
Means, and several of the committees of the House,
as well as the Senate, had their clerks, he thought
it was not unreasonable that the Supreme Court
should ask one. They had much more need of
one. He would treat their application respect-
fully. He preferred to see the resolution referred.
He hoped the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] would allow it to go to the Committee on
the Judiciary. -If it went to the Committee of the
Whole it was an end to' all efforts to investigate
it—it would be long before it would be reached.
Mr. CLEVELAND said he did not feel will-
ing to sit here, and hear the highest tribunal of the
country assailed in the manner in which it had
been, and witness a broad laugh all over this
House at the wit displayed—at whose expense ?
at yours (said Mr. C.) and mine, and the expense
ofthis nalion; for the moment that any man makes
the American people believe that that Court is in-
competent to discharge the duties that are devolved
upon it, that moment the great security for liberty
in this land is destroyed. Was that Court (he
asked) of the character described ? Was it thus
destitutejof brains ? Because it merely asked, under
peculiar circumstances, for an additional clerk, to
aid it in dispatching the business of the public, did
it follow that it was thereby admitting, in the face
and eyes of the American people, that it needed
another judge, and a judge possessing brains to a
greaterjjjamount then they had ?
In justice to the judges of this Court—not as
much as in justice to himself and to this House—
he would state what he understood to be the
groundsof this application. Under the old system
of allowing the lawyers to spin their yarns as long
as they saw fit, the Court did not dispatch the
busirfess before it so rapidly but a single clerk
could discharge the duties which he believed
everybody admitted were discharged by a clerk—
which never had been, were not now, and nfeyer
would be required to be performed by the judges'
themselves. Now they had seen fit ro imitate the
example set them by this House, and limit the
lawyers to two hours—as this House—the sensi-
ble, thinking part of it had limited those of them
who were lawyers to one hour. He thought that
was wise. He believed this change of system
necessarily dispatched business so rapidly that
they now needed an additional clerk. He saw
nothing unreasonable in thi3—nothing that should
call down upon their heads the ridicule of any gen-
tleman or the ridicule of the House. Why, it
seemed to him the plainest proposition ever made,
and as reasonable as it was plain.
But aside from that, had it come to this that
this House had so little confidence in the Supreme
Court of the United States of America, that they
were unwilling to grant them the assistance of a
clerk to do their writing, when they came forward
and unanimously told them that they wanted that
assistance? Was it necessary to go through all the
ceremony of referring this simple proposition to a
committee, having it investigated, and a report
made upon it, as though the justices of the Su-
preme Court of the United States were not com-
petent to decide this matter? Why, there was
not a State in this Union, not one in which the
courts were not empowered to appoint their own
clerk. And now, would the legislative power riot
accede to the necessities of the Court, which sim-
ply asked that the power should be extended to
them by legislation of saying that all the duties
might be done—which all lawyers conceded should
be done—by a clerk. Now, had it come to this
that they seriously called m question the sanity
of that court, because they simply asked an addi-
tional clerk, owing to a change of their practice,
