1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
144 V
■derstands from the Secretary that there are charts
accompanying the reports transmitted.
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi. A map of ail the
surveys of routes, military ant] topographical,
which were made during the Mexican war, or
since, by the topographical engineers and officers
commanding escorts, is in a state of progress, and
I hope will soon be submitted to the Senate.
Hence, I doubt the propriety of printing the maps
accompanying these separate reports until the
printing of the general map to which I hare re-
ferred, when it can be ascertained if any of these
particular maps should be wanted. 1 therefore wish,
if any of these maps and reports be deemed by
any Senator of sufficient importance to be printed
separately from the great map, that the subject
should be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make any proposition of reference?
Mr. DAVIS. As there is no answer to the
proposition which I submitted, I move that these
reports be printed; which motion, of course, goes
to the Committee on Printing.
According to the rules, the motion was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITION.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
William H. Harrison, asking to be allowed a pen-
sion in consideration of an injury received in the
revenue service; which wa3 referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives to the
resolution of the Senate for restoring the settlement
of the three months' extra pay claims to the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, reported in favor
of concurring in said amendment.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Matagorda,
Texas, relative to the alleged interference of the
General Government with the exercise by Texas
ofjurisdiction in Santa Fe, reported against print-
ing the same; which was concurred in.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land to
the State of Indiana to aid m the construction of a
railroad from a point on the boundary line between
Indiana and Illinois, near its intersection with
Lake Michigan, to the city of Indianapolis, and a
branch to intersect the Southern Michigan Rail-
road at or near a point where the same enters said
State of Indiana, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. DODGE,ofWisconsm, from thesamecom-
mittee, to which was referred the bill granting to
the State of Wisconsin a donation of public lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from the
city of Milwaukee to the Mississippi river, re-
ported back the same with an amendment striking
out all after the cnacting clause and inserting a
substitute; which was read.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and the amendment having been
adopted, the bill was reported to the Senate, and
■ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, and asked its immediate con-
sideration:
Rcsoh erf That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriety ot making the ports ot Monterey,
San Eedro, and San Diego, California, porta ol entry.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
L. E. A. Lawson, sole surviving heir of General
Eletizer W. Ripley, deceased.
The bill was then read twice, by unanimous
consent, and ordered to be printed.;
DONATION OF LAND TO MICHIGAN.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill 277, being the bill
erantin" to the State of Michigan the rightof way
and a donation of public land for the purposes of
locating and constructing a canal from Rochester,
in said State, to the waters of Lake Michigan.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and no
amendment having been proposed, it was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
SAFETY ON THE WESTERN WATERS.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider bill 242, being the bill to pro-
vide for the additional security of the lives and
property of persons navigating the western waters;
and no amendment having been proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
PRIVATE BILL.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 179, being
the bill for the relief of William Hardin.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I should really
like some more information on this subject than
the report appears to furnish. From the report,
it appears that this individual was a disbursing
officer of the Government. Because the Govern-
ment did not pay his demands, he became a bor-
rower. In consequence of that loan, he was
subsequently subjected to cost and trouble by a
suit brought against him. It appears to me that
this furnishes no reason for the payment of the
claim. In the first place, if this individual was a
disbursing officer of the Government, and the Gov-
ernment failed to furnish him the money necessary
to meet the demands against them, there was no
obligation, expressed or implied, on his part, as
an officer, to borrow from other officers, or from a
bank, to meet the demands of the Government.
Clearly not. And if, by taking the loan, he sub-
jected himself to costand trouble, itis one of those
things that he must bear himself. I should like to
hear something further in relation to the claim
from the gentleman who called up the bill. If it
be as I understand it, I cannot consent to the pas-
sage of the lull.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I will make a few
words of explanation to satisfy the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana. I think this is a just claim,
and one that ought to be paid by the Government
of the United States. At the time the Government
of the United States was enrolling and emigrating
the Cherokee Indians, it was a matter of very con-
siderable importance to the Government and to the
Stateof Georgia that all these Indians should be re-
moved to the westoftheMississippi. Consequently,
a general ag-ent was sent out to the Cherokee
country, m Georgia, to enrol and send off these In-
dians to the west of the Mississippi. Everybody
who remembers the circumstance, remembers the
anxiety of the Government to have them enrolled
and removed from the lands they occupied in the
State of Georgia. This individual was a«ub-agent
under the general agent sent out by the Adminis-
tration. The object of the Government was to
enroll and send off as many Cherokee Indians as
possible. An amount of funds was furnished by
the Government, supposed to be sufficient for the
disbursements not only of the prineipafagent, but
also of the sub-agent. The money placed at the
disposition of the sub-agent gave out. The agent
was authorized by the Secretary of War, in an
emergency of that description, to procure money.
The instructions were positive to enroll as many
Indians as could be enrolled, and to send them off
as^rapidly as possible.
The agent directed the sub-agent, because he had
credit which the agent himself had not, to meet
the expenses of transporting the Indians already
enrolled, and he, under the authority given him
by the Secretary of War, authorized thissub-agent
to procure money for the purpose of enrolling more
Indians. He did so. He went and procuied the
money on his own note at a bank of good repute.
In a few days after he borrowed the money, the
bank broke. In the mean time he had paid out
part of the money he received from the bank,
which he immediately redeemed in good money,
out of his own pocket—subjecting himself to a very
considerable expense, which the papers show, but
which the committee did not think they had a
rio-ht to allow. When his note was due, he offered
to redeem it in the money which he had received
from the bank. It was refused. And a suit was
brought against him to recover the amount. He
defended this suit. And it is now only proposed to
pay him the actual certified expenses of that suit
which he had to pay out of his own pocket,
He
lost a great deal of time in defending the suit. And
it seems to me that the Senator from Indiana,
when he comes to consider all the circumstances
of the case, will not object to the payment of those
expenses-
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, according to the
statement made by the honorable Senator from
Texas, I think it would be a very dangerous pre-
cedent to allow this claim. I deny that the Secre-
tary of War, or any head of a department, has a
right to authorize a subordinate officer to become
a money borrower. The Government of the Uni-
ted States is supposed stall times to have means
within her Treasury to meet the ordinary and ex-
traordinary expenses of the Government. And
any order directing a paymaster, or any inferior
officer of the Government, to borrow is nugatory,
and ought to be treated by this body as inopera-
tive. The effect of it is just such a result as we
have before us. The officer effects a loan, and the
loan involves himself, and involves the Govern-
ment. After effecting the loan, he is subjected to
a lawsuit; when he asks the Government to be-
come paymaster of his lawyers' and attorneys'
fees.
1 am unwilling to sanction such a precedent. I
think it wrong, not to say anything of thea<nount—
§600 for defending a suit involving $2,000. That
is quite a handsome percentage on the amount.
Really, I do not think the attorney was poorly
paid for defending such a suit. But I cannot vote
for the principle that the United States should be
a money borrower, and that a subordinate officer,
so far removed from the Government as a sub-
Indian agent, should be authorized to make loans
and subject the Government to cost under such
circumstances.
Mr DAWSON. Mr. Piesident, I am acquaint-
ed with this transaction. It happened in the sec-
tion of country in which I reside. Mr. Hardin
was a citizen of the State of Georgia. The princi-
ple contended for by the Senator from Indiana is
correct as a law principle. The Government haa
no power to authorize an agent to borrow money.
But if, for the benefit of the Government, such a
thing shall be done, principles of equity interpose,
and say that the Government should relieve the
individual who has thus acted from any liability
that would accrue in consequence of that aet. I
presume that none will deny that.
Now, it so happened, that at that period, when
the money gave out, a considerable length of tim£
must necessarily transpire before funds could be
transmitted from Washington. In consequence of
the embarrassing circumstances which occurred in
1836, '37, and '38, it was with difficulty that mo-
ney was transmitted from any portion of the
United States to the Cherokee country of Georgia,
The agent of the Government was mstiucted to
get money in order to facilitate the removal and
enrollment of ihe Indians. Colonel Hardin, the
sub-agent, being a man of responsibility, was di-
rected by Mr. Benjamin F. Curry, chief agent of
the Government, ae.ting under the authority of the
War Department, to go to Macon, m the State of
Georgia, and borrow the money in order to emi-
grate certain Indian families. He goes to the city
of Macon and borrows #2,000, giving his own note
for it. He returns to the Indian country, and ap-
propriates a part of the money in enrolling these
Indians. But in a few days after he borrowed the
money, the bank of Macon failed, and its notes
became of no value. Colonel Hardin redeemed
all of them that he had paid out, out of his own
pocket. He then had the whole of the money
which he borrowed from the bank of Macon in his
possession. Colonel Hardin returned to Macon,
and offered to return to the bank the amount ad-
vanced on his note—the very same money. In the
mean time his note was transferred to a thud
party, who was a creditor of the bank, who re-
fused to receive the money. Colonel Hardin then
refused to pay the note, stating that, although it
was for the Government of the United States, it
would be unjust to force him to pay the debt. A
suit was instituted upon the note, it being indivi-
dual paper, though for the benefit of the Govern-
ment. It was in litigation for five or six years.
It was carried from court to court, and finally to
the court of equ'ty; and by a decree of that court,
the bank, or rather this third party to whom this
note was assigned, was compelled to take the
money in payment of the note.
Now the question which arises is this—and I
am sure any lawyer, and I am sure my friend from
Indiana, will recognize the principle in a moment.
At whose cost sheuld this defence be? Certainly
