1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The bill has just been re-
ported from that commiitee.
Mr. RUMSEY. 1 do not see why security for
costs should l)e required in this class of cases,
more than in any other. I therefore call for tel-
lers on the motion to refer to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Tellers were refused.
The question was then taken on referring the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and the vote was declared to be—ayes
65, noes 35.
No quoinm voting.
The SPEAKER. It is evident that there is a
quorum in the House, and the Chair asks that tel-
lers may be ordered.
No objection having been made,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldo and
Cungman were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the affirma-
tive vote was declared to be 64.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen are requested to
vote upon one side or the other, as otherwise the
House will be left without a quorum.
The negative vote was then taken, and declared i
to be 58.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KERR, fiom the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, made adveise reports m the following
cases; which were ordered to lie on the table and
be printed, viz:
The petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Samuel
Waples, for commutation pay due him for servi-
ces as a lieutenant m the Vnginia continental line;
and
The memorial of Elizabeth W. Beechy, of Ken-
sington, Pennsylvania, the daughter and legal re-
presentative of Michael McDonald, for remunera-
tion for losses sustained by her father in the service
of the United States.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Capt. John De Treville; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. JN'EWF.LL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill lor the relief of
Abigail Stafford; which was read a first and second
time by its title, leferred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and, with thereport accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of Charles J. Davis, administrator of
Captain John Davis, an officer in the war of the
Revolution; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report (which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed) on the petition of Stephen
Hoyt, and other heirs of Stephen Hoyt, deceased,
asking the passage of a special act for the benefit
of his father's family,,giving land in California
equal in value to the amount of pensions to which
he would have been entitled from 1818 to 1824.
On motion by Mr. M1LLSON, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Mrs.
Mary Baury, of Boston, and it was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. i
Mr. M., from the same committee, madeadverse !
reports in the following cases; which were ordered i
to lie on the table, and be printed, viz: j
The petition of the heirs of Casper Rouse for I
compensation in land or money, for losses sus- 1
tamed and services rendered by their ancestor dur-
ing the levolutionary war;
The petition of Mary M. Telfair, heir at law of
Israel Pearce, asking satisfaction for certain final ,
settlement certificates issued to ten soldiers of the ,
Rhode Island line, and for balance of pay and |
gratuity; and
The petition of Nancy Haggard, only child of j
"William Grymes, asking the payment of interest j
on commutation pay. ;
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on Pri- I
vnte Land Claims, reported a bill to authorize the !
Secretary of War to purchase a certain etrjp of J
land in the town of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, for
military and other purposes; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
prmted.
Also, a bill allowing William H. Wells the
bounty land which would have been due to his
brother, Lemuel Wells, had he lived, as a private
soldier in the war with Great Britain-, which was
read a first and second tune by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report, which was
ordered to he on ihe table and be printed, on the
petition of Peter Bellinger, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by him in consequence of the
purchase of a tract of land which had been pre-
viously sold by the United Slates.
On motion by Mr. R., leave was granted to
Peier Bellinger to withdraw from the files the deeds
and certificates of entry in the above case.
Mr. E WING moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and was disagreed to.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, to which the bill of the House to encouiage
agriculture, and for other purposes, was referred,
reported the same back, with sundry amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then addressed
the House at length, m explanation of the objects
contemplated by this bill. He looked upon it as
a measure of great importance. Five years Ago
he had introduced a similar proposition, to give
to every citizen, the head of a family, a portion
of the public lands, for the purpose ot settlement,
and on which he might establish for himself a
home. There were many gentlemen who at that
tune regarded the plan as lmpiacticable, and as
unhkcJy to lead to any useful results. But since
that time the public mind had taken up the sub-
ject. It had been widely discussed out of doors,
and Congress had at various peuods made liberal
donations of tne public domain, in aid of public
institutions, and in recompense for public services.
He now came forward to ask for a participation
in this bounty, in the name of the common man,
who, by his toil and sweat, had quietly and effect-
ually contributed to the support of the Govern-
ment. For that class of our citizens he desired
to aslc that they also may be permitted to come
in for a share of these public lands.
He adverted to the manifestations of sympathy
which had been exhibited here in behalf of those
patrioticjbreigners who had been driven from their
own country, and had sought aiefuge among us.
A great deal had been eloquently said m favor of
the claims of these exiles to our piotection. But
no voice had been raised on this fioorm behalf of the
poor man whose life is devoted to labor. Had this
bill earlier been passed into a law, it would have
obviated the necessity for the passage of the bill,
which had lately gone from this House, granting
one hundred and sixty acres of land to every sol-
dier who had served m the various wars in which
we have been engaged. He was of opinion that
the bill to which he referred would be beneficial 111
its operation as far as it went, it would relieve
the soldier who had returned from a hazardous
service, weaned, afflicted, or wounded, by giving
htm fiom $1UU to $150. But the bill which he had
now reported, embraces all the benefits conferred
by that measure, and, in addition, gives a quaiter
section of land to every American citizen who will
settle on the land for the purpose of cultivation
and improvement.
The bill, which had been read, explained itself
better than he could explain it. It had been sub-
mitted to the action of an intelligent committee,
where it had undergone much examination and
deliberation, and had been carefully constructed,
with a view to prevent the perpetration of frauds.
In laying down the basis of this proposition, be-
cause he was aware that some gentlemen had not
given their attention to the subject, he would send
to the Clerk an authority or two, for the purpose
of having them read, to show the House the sub-
stratum on which his proposition rested.
He then sent the books to the Clerk's table, who
read the opinions of Vattel and Genera) Jack-
son on the subject of the policy of the settlement
of the public lands, in which the wisdom of such
an appropriation of them was pointed out.
In addition to these authorities, which constitu-
ted the basis of his proposition, he would also put
the inquiry, By whom are these public lands
owned? They are held by the Government of the
United States as agent for the people of the United
States. By whom were these public lands ac-
quired ? They were acquired by the Federal Gov-
ernment for the people. We have now a greater
aggregate of public lands than we have any use
for. But numerous individuals among us have no
portion of these lands. As a whole, therefore, we
have too much, while, as individuals, we have too
little. He desired to know on what ground the
Government was justified in withholding these
lands from those citizens who may be desirous 10
go on them for the purpose of cultivation. By
what authority did the Government w ithhold these
lards? Did the Constitution of the United Siates
provide any such authority ? No. Was it to be
found in any of these great principles which he at
the foundation of all natural rights ? Not so. The
proper object of onr Government, and of all Gov-
ernments, is to effect the greatest possible good to
the greatest possible number.
He denied the right of the Government to take
ftlGO or $200 from any citizen of the United States
as the purchase of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public domain, thus denying the right of
any other citizen who did not pay the same
amount, to a settlement on anv part of the pub-
he domain. This exclusion of the citizens from
the cultivation of the public lands, destroyed one
of the elements of national prosperity. The ne-
cessity for the cultivation of the earth was im-
posed on man by the law of his nature. Unless
he obeys that law, he cannot continue to exist.
What light, then, has any Government, instituted
for the benefit of a community, to withhold from
those over whom it is extended, the ri^ht to do
that which is necessary to sustain life? No man
ought to be prevented from enjoying this right,
because he cannot pay for it an equivalent in
money. Like the air, or like heat,it is the prop-
erty of all, intended to be used and enjoyed by ail.
Hence, therefore, the Government which acts in
contravention of this principle, makes war on the
interests of those it is bound to protect.
In this connection, he went on to say that he
was not one of those who attached any great im-
portance to the idea of a special Providence.
There are frequently many things happening in
the course of events, which we are unable to com-
prehend , because they are evidently out of the line
which connects cause and effect. Hence arises
the idea of sppcial Providence. But if we take the
trouble of tracing out theee apparent anomalies, we
may probably find that they are the necessary re-
suits of the operation of some first principle. He
went on to argue that the general principles which
; lay at the bottom of the policy illustrated by this
j bill, if worked out, would produce the most bene-
j ficiat melioration in the condition of man; putting
' an end to war and fdminef and many other evils
which arise from defective systems of government.
He asked gentlemen to take a glance at the con-
dition of Ireland, where, in violation of ail these
great principles for which he contended, a landed
aristocracy held the possession of the soil, while
the thousands who were excluded from this class
were cut down by starvation. This was the con-
sequence of the violation of that great law which
lies at the foundation of all human rights, and
which provides that every man shall enjoy the
produce of the labor of his own hands, without
molestation, and without the interference of Gov-
ernment.
It might be urged as an objection to this bill,
that the public lands had been pledged for the
payment of the public debt. He then reminded
the House that the law authorizing a loan, and
pledging the public domain, was passed in the
month of January; while another law granting
large portions of these public lands as bounties to
the soldiers who had served in the war with Mex-
ico, did not become a law until the following Feb-
ruary. This fact he adverted to as evidence that,
even at the time when these lands were thus
pledged, Congress did not regard this pledge as
tying up its hands in the disposal of these lands.
But, admitting it to be true that these lands were
