1850.
THE ' GfcOS®
355
powers to obtain the information which might be
within the hands of our Government. I desire to
know if it is necessary, ami if necessary, I sug-
gest the propriety of malting an amendment, so
that ail the original papers now in the hands of
the accredited minister of our Government there
shall be transmitted to thia Board.
Mr. KING. It is altogether unnecessary. The
object of the Senator will be substantially attained
without this. The treaty stipulation is that the
Brazilian Government shall deliver all the papers
which they possess, in order that the commission
may understand the whole subject, and proceed
to make a fair division of the proceeds among the
claimants.
Mr HAMLIN. The explanation of the chair-
men of the Committee on Foreign Relations is
perfectly satisfactory. From the nature of the
bill itself, and the manner in which it was read,
it appeared to me impossible to understand it,
although I gave the best possible attention to the
reading of the bill.
Mr. PEA.RCE. I have received a communica-
tion from some of the parties interested in this bill,
which I think it js proper should be mentioned.
They refer to the printed correspondence, which
I believe has been laid before the Senate, between
certain merchants at Rio and Mr. Tod, our min-
ister in that country. They are desirous that the
commission should sit at Rio; and they suggest
that there are certain papers, which cannot be ob-
tained in any other place, and which it is desirable
to have access to. I desire to know of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations wheth-
er the committee took that thing into consideration ?
I believe the bill contemplates the sitting of the
commission at the city of Washington only.
* Mr. KING. That subject was brought to the
notice of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The course suggested by the honorable Senator
from Maryland would be a departure from every
thing that has ever taken place in the settlement of
claims of citizens of the United States against
foreign Governments. The committee determined
to pursue the ordinary course, as being more con-
sistent with what was due to the claimants than
sending a commission to Rio in order to adjust
claims there, beyond our jurisdiction and control,
putting those claimants residing in the country to
great difficulty and inconvenience. As to the
idea of the gentleman that the commission cannot
get all the papers necessary for the adjustment of
the claims, the treaty expressly piovides for the
delivery of all that are needed. I trust, sir, we
shall pursue the ordinary course, and not send out
a roving commission to adjudicate upon them.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no desire to press the
matter. I felt it due to the merchants who had
written to me that I should present this explan-
ation.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, in drawing this bill
I have omitted to fix a limitation to the commis-
sion. I, therefore, move so to amend the bill as
to limit its operation to one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
CONSTITUTION OF CALIFORNIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message, transmitted by the Pres-
ident of the United Slates:
To the Seriate of the United States:
T transmit herewith to the Senate, for tie information o
that body, an authenticated copy of the « Constitution of the
State of California," recuved by me from the Hon. William
JM.Gwrn. Z.TAYLOR.
Washington, February 13,1850.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I move to re-
fer the message and accompanying papers to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. BENTON/ it had been my expectation, i
sir, that the honorable Senator from Kentucky 5
[Mr. Clay] would make a motion for a select
committee on the President's message which has
just come in. I think, sir, that it is an appropri-
ate occasion for such a committee, and that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky is the appropri-
ate person to make the motion. I wait, 3ir, to
see if he will, in obedience to ^ sense of public
duty, make that motion,
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, after the motion
which jh&s been made by the honorable Senator
from.Illinois, it would not be in order to propose
a reference to a select committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will, with the permission
of the Senate, state to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, that if it is his wish to submit that mo-
tion, I will waive my own.
The motion to refer the documents to the Com-
mittee on Territories was then withdrawn.
Mr. CLAY. I am very sensible, indeed, of
the courtesy of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois. It was not my purpose to make the motion
to refer this subject to a select committee. The
honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
and myself had some little conversation on the
subject a day or two ago, in the course of which
he kindly expressed a wish that I would make
such a motion; but I told him, I think, that my
personal feelings were such that I had no desire
to take the lead upon the subject; but I added
that, if it were the pleasure of the Senate to direct
me to act in conjunction wjth any select committee
on the subject, especially as it had had the kind-
ness heretofore to exonerate me from the duty of
acting on its standing committees, I should feel
myself bound most cheerfully to obey that wish;
but at the same time that I could not, in accord-
ance'with my present feelings, make the motion
myself.
Mr. FOOTE. I move, sir, that the subject lie
upon the table for the present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope it will not take that
course, but that it may go to some committee.
iMr. FOOTE. The reason why I wish the sub-
ject to lie over is* that I hold in my hand a resolu-
tion which I propose to offer, and which embraces
this whole subject. I would have offered it to-day,
only I thought that the attention of the Senate
would have been called to other matters more
pressing.
The motion to postpone was rejected by a vote
of 20 to 18.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move that the mes-
sage be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I but pursue a
course according to the early precedents and the
early action of the Senate. I have in my hand a
memorandum of the admission of all the States
which have been admitted into tins Union from
Vermont to Iowa. The course which was-fol-
lowed in the admission of the wlfole of them, down
to Wisconsin, was to refer theapplications for the
admission of new States, together with the Presi-
dent's message by which th6y were usually com-
municated, to committees named by the Senate.
The first precedent which I find upon this subject
relates to the admission of Vermont. " In the
House of Representatives, on the 9th of February,
1791, a message was received from the President
of the United States communicating authentic doc-
uments, asking, with the consent of the State of
New'York, that Vernront be admitted into the
Union." That message and accompanying docu-
ments were referred to three members. I find—
"February 12th, bill for admission of Vermont, received
from the Senate."
"In the Senate of the United State?, 9th Februaiy, 179J,
a message was received from the President of the United
States.
" Ordered, That the message from the President of the
United States of this date, with the papers accompanying
it, he referred to Messrs. King, Monroe, Ellsworth, Langdon,
and Hawkins, to eotibider and report what is proper to be
done thereon.5'
These are the early precedents, sir, on which I
think we may act.
I think the present is an appropriate occasion
for referring the President's message to a commit-
tee specially appointed by the Senate for that pur-
pose, and I will therefore submit a motion that the
Senator from Kentucky be chairman of such a
committee by order of the Senate. If the Senator
himself does not feel justified by his personal feel-
ings in coming forward on this occasion—though
1 believe if he yielded to a sense of public duty,
he would feel that the country looks'to him on
this occasion—but if he does not feel himself at
liberty, from personal considerations, I, sir, will
make the motion, and now move that it be referred
to a select committee, of which the Senator from
Kentucky is to be chairman—the rest to be ap 
pointed by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
this message be referred to 9. select committee, to
be appointed by the Senate, of which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] js to be chairman.
The Chair is in doubt whfether this can be done
under the rules, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. FOOTE. .1 objecttothat motion., I wish
it to be understood, however, that I have no objec-
tion to the honorable Senator from Kentucky at
all; but! hold in'my hand a resolution wlirch I*
intended to offer during the dayi the object of
\frhich is to permit this particular subject, with all
the questions now before the Senate on the subject
of slavery, together with all bills, to be referred to
a special committee of fifteen members of the
Senate, to be chosen by ballot. For one, sir, I
am unwilling that the different portions of this
subject shall be divided. 1 am anxious that a
special committee shall be raised by ballot to con-
sider the whole question in all its bearings, which
are so well known that it is unnecessar/for me to
explain them. It is on that account, and not be-
cause I have not the most exalted respect for the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, that I object
to the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise merely to state that T
submitted the motion in obedience to what 1 con-
sidered my duty, to refer this message and the
constitution accompanying it to the Committee on
Territories, to which all the other bills in relation
to the same subject have been referred;and I wish
to state further, that if it is the desire of the Senate,
in the present attitude of affairs, to raise a select
committee as pioposed, I will interpose no objec-
tion. On the contrary, I will be entirely willing,
not only that this should go there, but that all the
other bills and resolutions on this subject which
have been referred to the Committee on Territories
shall be reported back and sent there too.
I merely wish to state that, in making the mo-
tion, I have no desire and no feeling on the sub-
ject, and I hope the Senate will take that couise
which they think it due to the subject to take,
without tefeience to any feelings of delicacy.
Mr. FOOTE. I am not desirous to submit my
motion at the present moment, especially as the
time is come for taking up the order of the day;
and it is not, in my opinion, seemly that we should
continue this debate under present circumstances.
I move, therefore, that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. MILLER. I would suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi whether it would
not be better to order the constitution to be
printed.
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly; include that in my
motion.
The further consideration of the subject was'
then postponed, and the message and accompany*
ing documents were ordered to be printed.
THE NICARAGUA "QUESTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States :
To the Senate of the United States:
I have received a resolution of the Senate of the 28th ulti-
mo, requesting "the President of the United States to
cause to be laid before the Senate, <in open if, in
Ins opinion, consistent with the public interest, othei wise
in Executive f-e^sjon,) copies of all instiuetions and com-
munications of the late Secretary of State to our lateehaig**
d'affaires at Guatemala, and all dUpatche&and communica-
tions from said char«6 d'aflfaii es to the Department of State,
including any conventions or treaties he may have con-
cluded with either ot the States computing the late repub-
lic of Central America; and also all correspi iuience be-
tween our said chame d'affanes and the Governments or
representatives of either of *>aid States; ai\d al.-o all com-
munications and insUuction> from the present Secretaty of
^tatetoour late cham£ d'affaires or our present charge
d'affaires to either of said States; and of all di.-patelies or
communications from our charge d'affaires to the Depart-
ment of State, including any conventions or treaties h« may
have concluded with either of said State?} and ateo all cor-
respondence between the Department of State and either of
*aid-charge d'affaires touching the eo-called kingdom of the
Mo-qmtoes and the right of way from tlie Atlantic through
Lake Nicaragua." The information called for i y this reso-
lution will be cheerfully communicated to the Senate as
soon a> it shall be found to be compatible with the pi,l,he
interest. . JAYijUK-
Washington, February 13, 1850.
Mr KING. I imagine, sir, from hearing the
message read, that those papers relate to a subject
whichls still under discussion between this Gov-
ernmentand the Government of Great Britain, and
it is probable that a great many of these papers
are of a character that ought not to be printed and
made public until they have been examined by a
committer. _ .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair bega
