356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
leave to state that there are no papers accompany-
ing the message. It is a message declining to fur-
nish them.
Mr. KING. I was under the impression that
they had been.communicated; but, sir, I subrr.it to
the Seriate whether it would not be best that the
Committee on Foreign Relations should have the
subject before them. If they think so, 1 will
move the reference of the message to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, that they may deter-
mine whether it would be well, in the present state
of things, when negotiations are going on, to
have these papers thrown before the country,
which might embarrass the proceedings.
P«lr. DOUGLAS I hope it will be referred to
to that committee, and that they will inquire
whether the reports which we have seen in the
newspapers are true, that more than six months
ago treaties were made and conventions entered
into between Nicaragua and this Government, by
which extensive advantages were secured to the
United States, and by which we had the right to
make a canal across the Isthmus of Nicaragua,
and to build up important posts to defend it. I
wish it to be known whether these treaties have
been suppressed and withheld from the Senate. I
hope the committee will inquire whether these ad
vantages are about to be surrendered, and we are
to be voluntarily divested of them, and whether
they are to be given up to another country with-
out compensation. . I hope they will inquire into
all these things; and it is for this reason that I hope
the reference will be made.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that the message be laid
on the table for the present, for the reason just
stated. I will offer at another time certain resolu-
tions, and will submit the motion that they be sent
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, which
resolutions shall embrace the subject referred to
by the honorable Senator from Illinois.
The motion to lay the message on the table was
agreed to.
admission of ladies.
Mr. FOOTE. I now rise to call for the orders
of the day, but, anterior to doing so, I simply
wish to make my usual motion to introduce the
ladies.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, there is a duty
to be performed here, which 1 should be glad to
devolve upon some other and older Senator. But
really, sir, the Senate is not a court of love and
beauty. Senators are not troubadours and minne-
singers; and we have matters to deal with very
difi'eient fiom those of romantic gallantry. The
Senate has grave and weighty affairs to transact;
and the transaction of them is not likely to be ad-
vanced, but to be cheeked and obstructed, by sus-
pending the rules of the Senate. The oratory of
the Senate is very commanding; but it is utterly
powerless when heard amidst that blaze of beauty
with which the Senator from Mississippi delights
to surround us. It falls upon unwilling ears and
minds, when opposed by that mute but potent
eloquence which flashes from the eye of beauty—
that
 Language by the virgin made,
Not heard, but felt; not ulteied, but betrayed.
Sir, I desire to save the Senate from the dan-
gers of this witchery—to avoid the artillery of
Cupid, with which of late we have been besieged.
I confess myself to have been a victim; and, ta-
king counsel and courage from despair, I insist
upon that protection which the rules of the Senate
afford. I hope this will not be considered un-
gal'ant.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection, in consideration of one fact.
He has entirely forgotten to look into the galleries.
If he had done so, he would have found that he
would not be protected. Even if I withdraw my
motion, the Senator will still be in the midst of
dangers. I believe there are at least sixty ladies j
waiting to come in, who are authorized to expect
admittance this morning.
Mr. CLAY, (to Mr. Pkarcjs.) Oh, give way.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not so much afraid of the
iufluencc of the ladies at that distance, but 1 think
I have reason to object to being brought into such
close quarters. 1 submit for the present, but I
give notice that to-morrow I shall insist on the ob-
jection.
The question was then put, and the motion was
agreed to, and many ladies were introduced to the
privileged seats.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the series of resolutions
introduced by Mr. Clay.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, addressed the Sen-
ate for an hour and a half, and then gave way, on
the suggestion of
Mr. MANGUM, for a motion to proceed to the
consideration of Executive business, [Mr. D.'s
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
After some time the doors of the Senate Cham-
ber were reopened.
APPOINTMENT OF A SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the message of the President this day re-
ceived, on the subject of admitting California as a State
into the Union, with the accompanying documents, be re-
ferred to a special committee of fifteen, to he chosen hy bal-
lot, whose duty it shall be to consider the same, and also to
take into consideration the various propositions now before
the Senate relating to the same subject, in conncction with
the question of domestic slavery, m all its various bearings,
and to report, if thev find it practicable to do so, a plan for
the definitivesettlement of the present unhappy controversy,
and rescue from impending perils the sacred Union itself.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 14, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday (which was very long}-
was read and approved.
the supreme court.
Mr. PECK rose and addressed the Speaker,
and was recognized by him.
Mr. JONES rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. PECK. So do I.
Mr. P. claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Peck] had been recognized, and would
proceed.
Mr. PECK moved a reconsideration of the vote,
taken yesterday, on the passage of the joint res-
olution authorizing the Judges of the Supreme
Court to employ an additional clerk. He had
voted for the resolution, doubting at the time the
policy and expediency of the measure. But re-
garding the members of that high tribunal as the
best judges of its necessity and propriety, he had
yielded the resolution a reluctant support. Since
the adjournment of the House last evening he had
been informed, upon what he believed to be good
authority, that the Judges weie not unanimously
in favor of the project—that they were divi-
ded in opinion as to its expediency—a majority,
however, desiring its adoption. In this aspect of
the case he could not any longer give the measure
his support. If the Judges themselves were not
agreed as to the necessity of the measure, he
thought the House ought not to favor a project of
so novel a character. He trusted the House would
reconsider the vote, and reject the resolution..
Mr. STANLY said that he hoped the vote
would be reconsidered, for this reason among
others: Congress passed a law last year, authoriz-
ing the Supreme Court to continue in session for
several months longer than was usual, for the pur-
pose of disposing of the heavy amount of business
before it. That was the reason why the Court
was now sitting, and probably would continue in
session until June next. He was willing to give
the Court a clerk if it were requisite that they
should have one. But why give them a perma-
nent officer to enable them to get through the busi-
ness now pressing upon them? He thought that
the resolution should be limited, so as to continue
in force for this year or for this year and the next.
There was no reason why a permanent office
should be created, for the accommodation perhaps ;
of some broken-down officer or peison who wanted j
a job.. He objected also to the terms of the reso- |
lution that the clerk should be appointed to make !
investigations, and thought with the gentleman j
from Ohio [Mr. Carter] that if the Court wanted i
a clerk to make investigations, the Judges had bet- j
ter give place to others. He hoped the vote would !
be reconsidered, and that a limitation would be I
placed upon the time during which the clerk should j
be allowed. i
Mr. STRONG said: I am persuaded that the;
passage of this resolution was ill advised, and that !
the House entirely misapprehended its character !
It received but liujg discussion, and no satisfac- i
tory reasons were given for its adoption. [ voted I
against it yesterday. I shall vote for the motion
of the gentleman from Vermont to reconsider to-
day. I am utterly unable to perceive any neces-
sity for the appointment of an investigating clerk
for the Supreme Court; and such is the officer for
whose appointment this resolution provides. Sir,
th'e records of that court for many years back will
show that the Judges decide, 44 in bank," only
from forty to sixty cases in the year. There are
nine Judges—a number unusually large in Courts
of Error. Of course, in making the necessary in-
vestigations, not mor^ than from five to six cases
would be assigned to a single Judge. True, all
consult and all decide; but in every court of last
resort there is a distribution of the labor of making
the needful researches. Can it be protended that
the investigation of five or six cases in a year is
too onerous? Compare this court with others.
In the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, the Judges of the Supreme Court, five
in number, hear and decide more than five hun-
dred cases every year. Their argument list al-
ways exceeds six hundred. They have, they
need no clerk to assist them in their investigation.
To each Judge not less than one hundred cases
are assigned for examination. If a clerk to aid
| them in their le&earches is not necessary, how is
it that one is demanded for the Judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United States? I have had
some experience in Courts of Error, and I know
of no one in which such an officer exists as we
are now asked to create. It has been argued hy
the honorable gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Cleveland] that this clerk is necessary in con-
sequence of the adoption of the two-hour rule.
Sir, every lawyer knows that a two-hour rule af-
fords abundant time to elucidate almost every case
which is presented to the court for adjudication.
In the State of Pennsylvania the one-hour rule is
enforced, and no such necessity exists there.
But, sir, in my opinion it is due to the Supreme
Court itself that this resolution should be defeated.
1 admit the preeminent usefulness of that court.
But its usefulness will continue only while it re-
tains the confidence of the people. Now what,
think you, would more directly and cogently tend
to impair that confidence which it has enjoyed,
and which is essential to its continued usefulness,
than a resolution declaring that its members need
an officer to aid them in legal researches? Sir, no
court can sustain itself under such a load; and I
call upon those who would preserve the beneficial
operation of this Court to arrest the passage of
this resolution.
I have another objection to it, to which I invite
the attention of the House. It is, that the pro-
posed additional clerk would inevitably give char-
acter to the opinions emanating from the Court.
Judges are but men. With an officer under their
control, whose duty it would be to investigate the
questions referred to him, it is too much to hope
that they would not roll off upon him the labor
from which all naturally shrink. His researches
would give tone to the opinions, and, doubtless, in
many cases control the judgments of the Court.
His peculiar opinions would tinge all the opinions
of the Court His mind, his hand would be visi-
ble in them all. I am unwilling for one to trans-
fer the important duties of the court to a clerk,
and I trust, therefore, that the vote by which the
resolution was passed will be reconsidered.
Mr. SACKETT rose and said: Mr. Speaker,
I am opposed to the passage of this resolution and
in favor of its reconsideration. I am opposed to
it for two reasons: first, because I do not know or
believe it is necessary, and, next, because I object
to the manner of its passage. Sir, it was forced
through without consideration, without examina-
tion. It is a resolution asking for the expenditure
of public money and the appointment of a public
officer, without any evidence whatever that either
is necessary. This is an entering wedge for the
expenditure of not less than twenty-five thousand
dollars a year. It is such resolutions as this that
cost this Government not less than half a million
annually; resolutions springing upon the House
and passed without reference to a committee. We
have various circuit courts of the United States
equally entitled to an extra clerk as the court
in bank. These circuits do more business
than the Supreme Court, make more decisions,
and have a larger original jurisdiction. The cir-
cuit in the State which I in part represent does
more business and of much more importance than
