1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] who
addressed the committee last evening, he desired
to state, for the information of members, the order
in which, with the acquiescence of the House, he
proposed to act upon the general appropriation
bills.
Mr. JONES interposed, and suggested that it
would be better, before the gentleman proceeded
with his remaiks, that the question of order on
the amendment offered yesterday by the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] should be
decided.
Mr. BAYLY said, the committee had not yet
got to that question.
Mr. B. then proceeded. I make the statement
which I have indicated, because different members
so often make inquiries of me on the subject, that
I am sure it is one upon which they are desirous
to be informed. If the committee should acqui-
esce in the plan I have laid down, I shall, after the
Military Academy bill, which is now under con-
sideration, shall have been disposed of, ask the
committee to take up—
First. The Revolutionary Pension bill.
Second. The Navy Pension bill.
Third. The Indian Appropriation bill.
Fourth. The Fortification bill.
Fifth. The Post Office bill.
Sixth. The Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation
bill.
Seventh. The bill making appropriation for the
support of the Navy.
Eighth. The bill making appropriation for the
support of the Army.
The reasons which seem to make it proper that
the bills should be disposed of in the order in
which I have suggested, are these: It is most im-
portant that the revolutionary pension bill (which,
as I have said, 1 propose to take up next after the
Military Academy shall have been disposed of)
shall be passed as speedily as possible, in order that
the pensioners may be paid. They are a class of
public creditors, the payment of whose claims
should not be delayed.
The next m order is the navy pension bill. It
involves only a small amount, (some forty-three
thousand dollars.) This class of public creditors
stand upon the same footing as that to which I
have just referred.
The next is the Indian appropriation bill, which,
to some extent, also stands upon the same footing
as the bills I have just named. It provides for the
payment of Indian annuities, and for carrying
into effect treaty stipulations with the Indians;
and it should be passed as speedily as possible,
that no inconvenience or delay may arise in our
in tei course with that people.
The next in order is the fortification bill, it is
important that this bill should be passed as early
in the fiscal year as possible, in order that the
work on the various fortifications may not be ar-
rested, as will be case if the passage of the bill
should be delayed for any length of time.
The next is the Post Office bill. It is also neces-
sary that the appropriations contained in this bill
should be made as speedily as possible, so that
no inconvenience may arise in that department of
the public service.
I then propose to take up the bill making ap-
propriation for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government. I am anxious that the House
should consent that the passage of this bill should
not be delayed, as it usually has been, until the
last night of the session. It is a bill to which a
great many amendments are always offered, and
which, therefore, requires much investigation; and
which, also, requires a good deal of investigation
by the Committee of Finance of the Senate. I
wish, therefore, that the bill may be passed so far
in advance of the period which may be designated
for the termination of the session, that there may j
be ample time for its consideration, without hur-
rying it through on the last night of the session,
as has heretofore been done.
The other bills (that is to say, the navy and
army appropriation bills) are not bills to which
many amendments are offered, because the provis-
ions of the bills grow out of existing laws.
In this connection, I beg leave, with great re-
spect to the committee, to suggest—nay, urgently
to request—that, in disposing of the bills first
named on the list (say the first five) general debate
should not be indulged. I beg most respectfully
to suggest to the committee, that those gentlemen
! who desire to make speeches at large (if I may use
; the expression) will reserve them until the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bills and the army
. and navy appropriation bills shall be taken up, and
( that the debate on the other bills shall be confined
to the subject-matters which they may embrace.
; If this suggestion should be acquiesced in, we may
, get through the first five bills I have named (after
| the Military Academy bill) in 
! Mr. HOUSTON (interposing) desired to in-
j guire of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
, in what order the bill making appropriations for
; the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
I ment was to be taken up? He (Mr. H.) had not
' understood the gentleman on that point.
Mr. BAYLY. It is number six m the order of
bills to be taken up, (exclusive of the Military
Academy bill now under consideration,) and in ad-
vance of the bills making appropriations for the
support of the army and the navy.
Mr. HOUSTON had something to say, he was
understood to remark, on the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. He was willing to concur in
the suggestion of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, desired to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Bayly] whether, in case the admis-
sion of California should be delayed until after
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, now
reported, had been passed, it would not be requi-
site to pass another appropriation bill?
Mr. BAYLY said, that would depend upon
the fate which the California bill might meet with.
Mr. HARRIS. Yes—but if she should be ad-
mitted after these bills shall have passed, will it
i not be requisite to pass another appropriation bill?
' Mr. BAYLY. If California should come in as
a State, 1 fancy that very little modification of the
appropriations will be required; if a territorial
government should be organized, there will prob-
ably be a necessity for the passage of a separate
bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said, that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had laid
down a comprehensive plan for the disposition of
the business of the House. He (Mr. S.) was
disposed to treat the suggestions of that gentleman
with all respect; but he would be glad to be in-
formed whether the gentleman, in laying out his
plans, had come to any conclusion as to the time
at which Congress would adjourn? He (Mr. S.)
wished, in order that he might shape his course
accordingly, to have some information on that
point. When was Congress to adjourn?
Mr. BAYLY. On that subject I have no mo-
tion to make. No matter when the two Houses
may adjourn, I think it is important, as the fiscal
year has already commenced, that these bills
should be passed.
Mr. STANTON. At what time does the gentle-
man suppose that Congress will be teady to ad-
journ ?
Mr. BAYLY. So far as the appropriation bills
are concerned, weshall be ready to adjourn on the
day on which ihey shall have been passed. What
day that may be will depend upon the manner in
which the business is transacted here. If the
suggestions I have felt it my duty to make shall
be acquiesced in, 1 think these appropriation bills j
may be passed in a fortnight. |
Mr. BlSSELL desired to put an inquiry to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
[Mr. Bayly.] If the appropriation bills should !
be passed and Congress should then adjourn, what '
was to become of California? In that event, (said j
Mr. B.,) California may be placed m a position in
which 1, for one, do not wish to see her.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will say, in reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis-
sell,] that the suggestions 1 have made to the com-
mittee relate exclusively to the business in charge j
of the committee of which I am a member. Not j
having special charge of the California bill, I have !
not deemed it my province to make any sugges- j
tions in relation to it. :
Having made these suggestions, I desire to say 1
a few words in reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and only '
on two points. i
First, in regard to the action of the committee,
in putting the Professors of Drawing and French i
on the same footing in point of salary with the j
other professors. The influences which operated I
upon the committee in doing it were these: It was
represented to the committee by ihe Chief of the
Engineer Department, that these were important
professorships, and that the professors were adepts
m their art. It was represented to them that the
receipts of those professors, which were about
$12,900 a year, were an inadequate compensation.
A ma jority of the committee yielded to the eusges-
tion, and their salaries were increased. But he
would say to the gentleman from Kentucky, so far
as he was individually concerned, and perhaps he
might add a majority of the committee 
Mr. MARSHALL (interposing) said, he did
not object to the salary of the Professor of Draw-
ing as fixed by the committee, but he thought it
should not be equal to the salary of the professors
of scientific ^branches of instruction—that was all.
Mr. BA YLY(resuming) said, m vindication of
the committee he had only to sugzest, that this
provision of the bill was drawn in accordance with
the recommendation of the Chief of the Engineer
Department. The suggestion came from that de-
partment, and the committee acquiesced in it. But
if there were any objection to it, he should inter-
pose no difficulty in the way of removing that ob-
jection.
The second point upon which he designed to
say a word in answer to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, was this: the gentleman seemed to suppose
that so far as the provisions of the bill in regard
to the officers employed at West Point were con-
cerned, the committee did not know what they
were about; and he said if we had been military-
men, we would not have been betrayed into the
error into which we had fallen.
He begged to assure the gentleman that the
committee perfectly understood what they were
about. And he would state, for the information
of the House, the grounds upon which they had
acted. The law m respect to the pay of the pro-
fessors at West Point, made it equal to that grade
of the army to which they were assimilated—in
other words, the professors received the pay and
emoluments of the officers of the grade to which
they were assimilated. Befoie the war with Mex-
ico, a general bill was passed declaring that the
officers of grade of those who fill professorships at
West Point, should have forage for but one horse,
and not even that unless the officer certified that he
actually kept a horse. So stood the law prior to
the war with Mexico. When that war broke out,
and the army had to take the field, it became neces-
sary to repeal this restriction, because it was re-
quisite that the officers refeired to should have
their full complement of three horses and forage
for three, in the place of being- restricted to one.
When this restriction was removed, nobody thought
about West Point.
It was true, (said Mr. B.,) that the officers at
West Point (lid not come within the leuson of-
the bill, but it was a general bill, the effect of
which was to lestore to them three hortes, be-
cause the law declared that they should have the
same pay and emoluments as officers of a corre-
sponding grade in the army. The committee,
therefoie, hadm this bill only placed them where
they were placed by a former law of Congress.
The object of the Committee of Ways and Means
was to go back to the law as it existed bef >ie the
war, and restrict these officers to one hoi se and one
foiage each, which was quite as much as they
ought to have in time of peace. But when the
army bill came before the committee, they failed
to make this reduction extend to officers of the
army, and he should probably feel it his duty,
when that bill came up to move to put them also
on the footing upon which they stood before the
war, and confine them to one horse and one for-
age. This would make a considerable reduction
in the army appropriations. The truth was, as
the thing now stood, it was but an addition to their
pay, forage for a horse being equal to ninety-eight
dollars. He believed there tvas no officer who, in
time of peace, required more than one horse; and
there was no reason for allowing more. It was
but an indirect way, however, of increasing the
pay of the officers oftlie army.
He had thus briefly explained the motives which
actuated the Committee of Ways and Means,
and it remained for this committee to determine
whether these officers should have three forages or
but one.
Mr. CROWELL inquired if the California bill
would come up next,after this bill was disposed of?
