858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 14,
customs for the present fiscal year. The resolu-
tion then received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
* Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the joint resolution from the Senate
authorizing the appointment of a special Clerk to
the Supreme Court of the United States had been
laid upon the table, and he moved, to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER said that the two motions were
both privileged motions, and must be taken in the
order in which they were made. The question
would first be on the motion of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr.Thompson,] that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES said, that before the question was
put, he would ask the Chair to decide one p >int.
It was this: that the motion of thegentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] could be submitted
to day, to-morrow, or at any time during the ses-
sion,'whilst the motion which he (Mr. J.) had
made must be submitted either to-day or to-mor-
row, or could not be submitted at all—(the provis-
ion of the rule bein^ that " when a motion has
* been once made, and carried in the affirmative or
* negative, it shall be in order for any member of
1 the majority to move for thereconsideration there-
*of, on the same or the succeeding day.") Sup-
pose the House should now go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, that the
committee should then rise, and the House ad-
journ without his being able to get the floor, and
the same state of things should occur to-morrow,
than which nothing might be more probable, how
could his? object be effected at at all ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, that to
avoid all difficulty, he would waive his motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, until the motion of the gentleman from
' Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had been disposed of.
Mr. JONES thought, he said, that he was right
on the question of order.
- The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider, and was
decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint i esolution, providing for the appointment
of a clerk to the Supreme Court of the United
Stales, had been laid on the table, was laid on the
table
Mr. THOMPSON", of Mississippi, then re-
newed hi* motion that the rules be suspended, and
that the, House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFOKNIA.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee o{ the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. of Kentucky, in the chair.)
Mr. PKESTO Nf KING then rose and was
recognized by the Chair, the floor having also
been taken about the same time on the other side
of the House by Mr. Hillirad, (who held it in
continuation of the remarks commenced by him
on a previous day.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of the
resolution referring the various subjects of the
President's message to the several committees of
the House, and that on that question thegentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PRESTON KING said that he desired to
send to the Chair a bill which he held m his hand,
that it might be considered in committee in con-
nection with the Piesident's message transmit-
ting the constitution of California. And he moved
to lay aside the consideration of the resolutions
before the committee, with a view to take up the
message of the President concerning California.
[Mr. K. then sent the bill to the table ]
Mr. HiLLIAiy) now claimed his nght to the
floor, declaring that he would not yield it to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. P. King] or
any other gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] was entitled to the
floor, and that the motion of thegentleman from
New York [Mr. King] was out of order.
Mr. PRjESTON KING^appealed from this de-
cision, insisting upon his right (as the floor had
been awarded to him) to move to lay aside th$
business before the committee, to take up other
business, and he referred to a case on a former
day, when the House had gone into commit-
tee, the floor being held by thegentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] Amotion had, on that
occasion?Ijeen made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] to proceed to the consideration
of other business. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi claimed the floor. The then Chairman of
the Committee [Mr. Potter] decided, that as the
gentleman from Virginia had first addressed the
Chr.ir and been recognized by it, he was entitled
io the floor. An appeal was taken, and the com-
mittee sustained the decision of the Chairman.
Mr, McLANE, of Maryland, called the atten-
tion of the Chair to the 135th rule sustaining Mr.
King's point of order. It was read as follows;
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the IJmon-
the questions shall be taken up and disposed of in their or-
der on the calendar, but when objection is made to the con-
sideration of a bill, a majority of the committee j-hall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of or laid aside; provided that general appropriation bills
and in time of war, bills for raising men or money, and hills
concerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all other
hills at the discretion ot the committee, and when demand-
ed by any member the question shall first he put in regard
to them."
Some disorder and confusion followed, Mr.
King insisting on his right to state the facts upon
which he had taken the appeal, and that right
being controverted and met by frequent interrup-
tions and calls to order. At length Mr. K. made
his statement.
The question on the appeal was then taken,
and the committee sustained the decision of the
Chair.
So Mr. HILLIARD proceeded with his speech.
He said:
Mr. Chairman: I rise, sir, to discuss the re-
commendations of the President in relation to the
government of the territory acquired from Mexico
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. His views
are expressed with great frankness and directness,
and they ought to be treated by us in the same
spirit. That the course which th<' Piesident
has thought proper to pursue towards the inhabit-
ants of that extensive and distant territory has
been adopted under a sense of duty, and that his
recommendations to Congress respecting the future
political condition of its people are prompted by
patriotic motives, no one can doubt, however
widely some may find it necessary to dissent from
the policy which he advises. It is his desire, to
use his own language, "to afford to the wisdom
'and patriotism of Congress the opportunity of
' avoiding occasions of bitter and angry dissensions
' among the people of the United States." He in-
forms us that the people of that part of California
whjch lies on the Pacific have formed a plan of a
State constitution, and will soon apply for admis-
sion as a Stale, and he recommends that they shall
be received, }f their proposed constitution, when
submitted to Congress, shall be found to be in
compliance with the requisitions of the Consti-
tution of the United States. He further recom-
mends, that Congress shall forbear to establish
any government over that part of the territory
which lies eastward of the new State of Cali-
fornia, or over New Mexico, leaving to the people
the privilege of governing themselves in the mean-
while as they may deem best, and trusting the
great question which now excites such painful
sensations in the country to the silent effect of
causes, which will settle it independent of the ac-
tion of Congress.
This is the policy which the President recom-
mends to us, and he invokes in its support the
wisdom and patriotism of Congress. Never at
any time have these qualities been in higher demand
than they are at this moment; never has a parlia-
mentary body had greater interests confided to it
than those which to-day engage us; never have
men acting for their country been appealed to by
nobler considerations than those which address
themselves to the Congyess of the United States.
Sir, I have bestowed upon this great question the
most earnest reflection; I have studied it thorough-
ly and with the most sincere respect for the mo-
tives of the Piesident and the best wishes for the
success of his administration, I find it impossible
to give my support to the policy which he rec-
ommends. I shall discuss that policy with per-
fect freedom. I hope that the friends of the Pres-
ident will ever merit the tribute paid by Tacitus to
the Britons: " Ut parient non dum ut ServianIS1
They know how to respect power, but they do not
know how to serve.
The plan recommended by the President leaved
the great question which now cxcitcs such angry
dissensions throughout the country open ; at least
so far as the territory embraced within the bound-
ary claimed by New Mexico and Deseret is pon-
cerned. I desire to settle the question—not a part
of the question, but the whole question—and to
settle it completely. A partial settlement would
leave the great controversy still open; the agita-
tion would go on, and would prove fatal alike to
the tranquil action of the Government and to the
interests of the southern States.
The state of the country demands that fhe sub-
ject should be disposed of by an adjustn €m so
complete as to insure repose. Never since the
moment when the Government was established has
it been exposed to dangers such as now threaten
it. In that great contest which grew up from the
application of Missouri to enter the Union, and
from the attempt which was then made to impose
on her a restriction affecting her domestic institu-
tions, Mr. Jefferson wrote to a friend that he re-
garded it as the most momentous question which
had ever threatened the Union; and that in the
darkest hourof the revolutionary struggle he had
never felt such apprehensions as then oppressed
him. The aspect of affairs is darker to-day than
it was in the gloomiest hour of that contest. The
whole strength of the North is put in array
against the South, and it is announced as their set*
tied policy that slavery shall be confined to the
limits which it now occupies in the United States,
The North—the populous, teeming, powerful
North—confident in its strength, forgetting the
early struggle through which it passed in common
with the South; forgetting the spirit which ani-
mated those who formed the Constitution—a spirit
which existed when the South was the stronger
and the North the weaker party;—the North,
planting itself upon what it calls a great principle,
announces its purpose to limit slavery henceforth
and forever; to deny the South any share of the
lately acquired territory, or in the acquisitions
which the Government of the United States may
hereafter make, whether by purchase, by conquest,
or by any other mode of annexation. A,spirit
equally determined prevails at the South ; through-
out that entire region there exists a single purpose
in regard to this threatened aggression, and that is,
to resist it to the last.
At this moment, then, sir, when the North and
the South thus confront each other—when the
danger of collision is so great that men scarcely
know how long it can be averted,—when one of
the most experienced statesmen of the country,
whose long and brilliant career, affording him the
opportunity of taking part in all the great affairs
of the Government for more than a quarter of a
century, declared but the other day, in the Senate
chamber, that he rose every morning expecting to
hear of some public disaster growing out of tins
alarming question,—at this moment, sir, we are
admonished by our regard for the welfare of the
people of the United States to settle the question
promptly, decidedly, and completely.
To admit California, and to leave New Mexico
and the country now known as Deseret without
agreeing upon their forms of government, would
merely shift the ground of the controversy, h
could not end it. Slavery excluded from Califor-
nia by the constitution of that State would leave
no field for any further exertion on the part of its
enemies, but they would enter upon the task of
excluding it from the remaining territories, with a
zeal quickened by their late success. The Pies-
ident, in recommending delay, supposed that the
softening influence of time would operate favor-
ably on the question by restoring harmony to our
councils, and reviving a patriotic spirit thioughoufc
the country, while i can see no prospect of repose
but in a prompt and complete adjustment of the
source of our dissensions.
If, sir, the tranquillity of the country demands a
settlement of this alarming question, it is equally
demanded by the interest of the slaveholding
States. If we should admit California into the
Union as a State, with the boundaries now claimed
by its inhabitants, without receiving guarantees
for the protection of our rights in other portions of
