1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
from South Carolinia had moved to strike out,
reducing these professors to forage for one horse,
was a precise transcript of a provision of the army
bill of a previous year, when the whole of the offi-
cers of the army on the peace establishment were
reduced to one forage, and that was done in an
appropriation hill.
Mr. TAYLOR said he was willing to pay the
professors liberally, and he desired, also, that the
pay of the cadets should be increased. It was a
matter within his own knowledge, that there was
very great inequality, and that their pay was not
properly regulated He wished, for one, that the
Committee on Military Affairs, or some other ap-
propriate committee, would take up the subject,
and provide more liberally for the pay of the
cadets, so that they might be placed more com-
pletely upon an equality. As it was, there were
many meritoiious youths at that institution, the
sons of persons in moderate circumstances, and
who were unable to supply them with sufficient
means to enable them to maintain a proper posi-
tion among their classmates. This should be
remedied by the bounty of the Government.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SACKET F renewed the amendment. He
declared his opinion to be different from that ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Tay-
lor.] He believed it unnecessary to increase the
pay of the cadets, or of the persons engaged in
the superintendence of the institution. He re-
ferred to the annual applications which were
made to members for admissions to the institu-
tion, reaching the number of five, ten, and in some
instances he had no doubt fifteen m each congres-
sional district, although the terms of admission
weie peifectly well known and understood, as evi-
dences of the avidity with which these appoint-
ments were sought. He was disposed, also, to
vote against the increase of the pay of certain pro-
fessors, unless satisfactory proof of the necessity
of that increase should be given; and he desired
to be informed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayly,] whether that
committee were in possession of any facts going
to show that it was difficult to procure and retain
the services of such professors owing to the inade-
quacy of the pay?
Mr. BAYLY said, that General Totten had
appeared before the committee, had urged the
increase, and had stated the difficulty of retaining
the services of men of this grade of accomplish-
ment, unless the salaries should be increased.
JYir. SACKETT had no idea (he said) of being
captious, but unless it could be demonstrated to
the satisfaction of the committee, that that diffi-
culty really existed, he could not vote for the ;
increase. Let well-enough alone. The maxirn
was a good one, and should not be changed, ex-
cept under some overruling necessity.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, renewed the amend-
ment. He said he thought it right that the com-
mittee should understand, what it appeared to him
they were not perfectly aware of, viz: that there
was a necessity for an increase of pay at West
Point, in regard to which the amendment was of-
fered. It had been truly stated, that if the pay
should not be increased, the institution might lose
the services of the most eminent and able profes-
sors. He could give the names of ten distinguished
men who had been compelled to leave West Point,
because their salaries were insufficient to support
them and their families m a suitable manner. There
w«s nothing but love of the place of their education
which induced them to remain. They were not
sufficiently compensated lor their services. The
gentleman from Illinois seemed to suppose that the
gentlemen who were professors there, retained
their commissions in the army. This was a mis-
take.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman misapprehended
me. What I said was, that there are individuals
in the army who are quite as competent to occupy
the position of professors at West Point, as the
geTHlemen who now fill those professorships.
Mr. KING said, he must be permuted to dis-
agree with the gentleman upon that point. He
doubted exceedingly whether any could be found
in the army who weie more competent. He
was in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina, and he thought it would be
highly important and proper, if it were possible,
under the decision of the Chair, to introduce some
change in the pay of the professors at West Point,
tobring them to a precise sum in money,that could
be understood by all. As the matter now stood,
they were remunerated parlly by direct salary,
partly by allowance for subsistence, and partly by
allowance for forage and for servants. All of
which did not adequately remunerate them. If
the law could be so changed as to convert their al-
lowances into a direct salary that would be com-
mensurate with their services, it would be better
understood by the country, and more advantageous
to all concerned. He was not disposed to~with-
draw the amendment, for he wanted a vote upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, suggested a difficulty
in the bill, arising, as upon the explanation of Mr.
Bayly, it subsequently appeared in a clerical error.
The error was corrected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Burt
Mr. HUNTER asked that it might be read.
The amendment was again read.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Peck and
Marshall were appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 76, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, proposed to offer
an amendment, providing—
" That henceforth each professor shall receive fight dol-
lar a month hi lieu of lorage (or each horse to which Ins
assimilated rank entitled."
Mr. BAYLY raised a point of order against the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of or-
der.
The amendment was ruied out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved an
amendment, to strike out from the fourteenth to the
tighteenth lines of the bill as follows, viz:
" Piotided, That hencetorrh iii'-. Prott><,or 01 Drawing
and the Protrs-nr ol 1- ruicli ^l.all be mtillpd to iceeive the
same pay and emnluineuts as the I'rotessuis ot Engineering,
Mathematics, Etlnc-:, and CIr?niistry."
He said he had been convinced, by the remarks
, of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Maii-
' shall] yesterday, that there should beadiffeience
hetween the compensations of the Professors of
Drawing and French and those of the other pro-
fessors. He would be willing to increase some of
these salaries to a medium amount, though not to
the amount proposed; but, as under the ruling of
the Chair, no amendrrent could be received to^ac-
comphsh that object, he should vote to keep the
salaries as they were. He thoughtthey compared
properly with the salaries of professors of colleges
generally in the country. He was willing to ln-
cieaee the pay of cadets from £24 to §28 per month;
which had been recommended by every Board of
Examiners for several years, but would make no
other change of compensations.
He w ithdrew the amendment at request.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment. The
vote which had been just taken was, in his opin-
ion, a wise one. It was urged, however, that the
Professor of French and the Professor of Draw-
ing received too much compensation tor their ser-
vices. Jn Ins opinion, those gentlemen were not
sufficiently paid. They were both men eminently
qualified for their stations. What do you pay
your clerks here ? You give your clerks $1,200,
!pl,40U, and $1,500. You give these amounts to
every man who sits at that desk. But, surely, the
talent required for these professorships is of a very
different, and a more rare character. And is it
fair to put these professors on the same footing
with ordinary clerical labor? They have dis-
charged their duties in a manner to give satisfac-
tion to all, and they deserve the pay which they
reccive. There ought to be higher rank assigned
to them; but as the bill stands, the only change
contemplated is in their pay. He could not say
that lie thought $1,800 was at all too much to pay
them. The talents required for the^e stations
were peculiar in their kind, and deserved good
compensation. He considered it a safe as well as
a constitutional guide that we should not take any
man's property without giving him just compen-
sation.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. WHITE renewed the amendment, merely
for the purpose of stating, that some years since
this same question was raised. He had then re-
ceived a letter from the Professor of Drawing, to
the effect that the compensation was entirely in-
adequate, and that unless it was raised he should
i be compelled to leave the station. Mr. White
■ then withdrew the amendment.
Mr, WOODWARD renewed the amendment.
| He was in favorof striktng out. He thought that
] the talents required by these professors were ex-
| tremely limited. A professor of French required
' no extraordinary talent. It was that kind of tal-
! ent which was abundant in the country, and was
! becoming cheaper every day. He did not think
, there would be any difficulty in supplying the
places of these gentlemen should they leave. A
!; distinction was to be made between a professor of
'i general science, who required a greater range of
• talent than a teacher of French or drawing. A
' good draughtsman might be obtained without
j much difficulty. The supply of talent of this kind
; was so abundant, that the compensation had be-
; come lower. The French Government managed
' 10 get better talent than we have, and at about half
; the cost. He thought that by raising the pay, we
1 should not increase the efficiency of the academi-
cal instruction. He contended that we are in the
habit of paying too high salaries. We pay our
cleiks too much. Were we to lower their pay
we should get better, because we should obtain
practical and laborious clerks, instead of worn-out
politicians. From this latter class of men he would
prefer to take it away, and to give it to laboring
men who would be willing to do the duties, and
who would perform them efficiently at a smaller
compensation.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER said that he was in favor of
| giving to these teachers, and all others, a compe-
j tent support. But the rule of comparison, insti-
tuted by gentlemen, between the clerks of this
| House and of the various bureaus in the seveial
departments of this Government, is inappropriate.
! If, sir, you would institute an appropriate com-
• parison for these West Point professors, it should
[ be with the professors and teachers of the cui-
' leges and other literary institutions in that scction
, of country. What do they receive? The President
j of one of the New England colleges, a man of
j eminent talents arid acquirements, receives a Sal-
i ary, as I remember, of twelve hundred dollars;
S and the professors associated with him—men who
| compare favorably with the most learned men of
the country—receive, 1 think, eight hundred dol-
lars a year.
In all our northern institutions, but few of the
professors receive over one thousand a year, and
no men among us aie riper scholars than they.
Moreover, several ol our most able professors are
men who have expended their whole patrimony
in making their acquisitions. A professor in one
\ of our colleges worked his own way up fiom a
! carpenter's shop to a degree, and to a professorship
. in his alma mater, by his own unaided efforts. And
such was his preeminence, that he was selected by
his fellow-citizens to fill the vacancy in the dis-
trict, occasioned by the resignation of our Minister
i to Constantinople. I do not see him in his seat,
j (honorable Mr.MEACHAM of Vermont.) But his
! salary as professor for several years, has been
| $800 per annum.
The teachers and cadets at West Point have
been supported by the Government. And shall
they receive salaries entirely out of piopoition,
as compared with other institutions ? 1 am ready
to pay these gentlemc-n what they have hitherto
received, which, as I judge, is a fair compensation;
but I object to the raising of their salaries, as pro-
posed by this amendment. We have the debt of
one hundied and fifty to two hundred millions of
dollars, occasioned by the Mexican war, upon our
shoulders. We shall be cut off from most of our
revenue from the sales of public lands, by reason of
the issue of ninety thousand bounty land warrants.
We ought to meet and settle the Fiench spolia-
tion claims without further delay. We mu&t do
something for the relief of our manufacturing in-
terests, and for the promotion of agriculture. Our
annual appropriations for this year, judging from
the bills now on your table, will reach fifty mil-
lions, and it is no time for raisins; salaries. Econ-
omy, a wise economy, should be practiced in the
transactions of Governments as well as of corpora-
tions and indiv iduals. Whlie we make reasonable
and liberal provision for our public functionaries,
let us guard against profusion and extravagance.
I will not lift my hand to take a dollar from the
public Treasury for show and luxury.
Mr. P. withdrew the amendment.
