360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
tion. They have stood by the Constitution in the
noblest spirit; they have borne the pressure of the
Government; they have witnessed the steady de-
cline of their commercial prosperity; they have
seen their emporiums languish, and'their ships
* decay; yet, under all this adverse fortune, they
have stood by the country; they have asked no
legislation for their benefit; they have poured
their wealth into your treasury; they have seen it
scattered without stint in other parts of the Con-
federacy; yet, with a patriotism unchilled by time,
and undiminished by wrong, they have stood by
the country; they have sent their sons to fight
your battles, and they have rejoiced in your pros-
perity. I may well say this; for upon entering
Congress in the winter of 1845, I found the Gov-
ernment engaged in an angry discussion with
Great Britain respecting Oregon, a remote north-
western territory, in which the South could have
no possible interest beyond the common interest
which we all feel in maintaining the rights and the
honorof the nation. Yet I unhesitatingly expressed
my determination to assert the claim of the United
States, and to maintain it at whatever cost. Other
southern gentlemen did the same thing; and it is a
fact, jperhaps not generally known, that the bill
raising men and providing supplies for the war
with Mexico was originally intended to prepare
the country for a contest with Great Britain.
What are our relations to-day ? Having just
emerged from a war with Mexico, in which the
South bore its part well, to say no more; and having
concluded a treaty of peace which leaves us in pos-
session of an extensive territory overrun by our
arms—a territory stretching from about the thirty-
second to the forty-second parallel of north lati-
tude—it is now demanded by the North that the
people of the slave-holding States shall be ex-
cluded from any share in the acquisition, unless
they consent, in migrating thither, to abandon an
important part of their property, and to change
their whole habit of life, it is insisted by the
northern States that slavery shall be arrested, that
it shall be extended no further in any direction,
that it is to be -forever hedged within its present
limits. This is your demand.
You are, sir, acting upon Clarkson's advice,
who, not content with destroying the prosperity
of the British West Indies, tendered his advice
to the Abolitionists of the United States. He
wrote, "You must either separate yourselves
' from all political connection with the South, and
* make your own laws, or if you do not choose such
'a separation, you must break up the political
'ascendency which the southern have for so long
'a time had over the northern States." You de-
mand that the equipoise heretofore established
between the northern and southern portions of the
Union shall be destroyed; that from this time
forth there shall be, on the pait of the slave-
holding States, no participation in any of the
acquisitions which this Republic may make.
The whole action of the Government henceforth
is to be for y>ur benefit; the fruits of our diplo-
macy, the-triumphs of our arms, the outlay of our
wealth, the progress of our power, all are to be
yours, and we are to hold an inferior, dependent,
abject relation to you. Either you denounce us as
unworthy to associate with you as equal States,
because of the immorality of our institutions, or
you seek to acquire over us a political advantage.
We can submit neither to the one relation nor the
other. If, with the spirit of the Pharisee, you lift
up your hands, and thank God that you are better
than we arc; if, turning your backs upon a region
cursed with slavery, you survey with complacency
your bftt'er heritage—we may submit with some
composite to the exhibit,on; but if, overlooking
all evils nt home—the crime, the wretchedness, the
pauperise in your mid&t, you enter upon an itin-
erant search after moral disorders at a distance,
compassing sea and laud to bring the slaveholders
of the South uudrr the influence of your fatal phi-
lanthropy; if, not content with hurling your anath-
emas against us, youl- mg the power of this Gov-
ernment to the aid of your .scheme?, we shall take !j
measures to convince y^u of our fixed purpose to .i
repel aggressions upon our political rights. jj
We, sir, have hitherto b. rne your ns'-aults, i|
your criticisms, your homilies—the tide of vulgar ji
abuse which has f1 r a eentur ' pouied forth j1
against us from d*.eloigners, newspnper Wiiters,
and pamphleteers; we have even submitted to bear ii
the insulting resolutions of the Legislatures of co- if
ordinate States; we have borne the agitation of the
slavery question, when that very agitation is as
clear though not as gross a violation of our right
to hold slaves as to have them taken out of our
possession, for it must be acknowledged that there
is a mere difference of degree between having a
right questioned and assaulted and having it
wrested away; we have borne the constant eva-
sion of the constitutional provision to surrender
fugitives from labor,—all, all this we have borne;
but your demand-now to appropriate the entire
territory acquired from Mexico at the close of a
national war in which the whole country partici-
pated, the declaration of your fixed purpose to
bind down the slaveholding States within their
present limits, has aroused a spirit which you will
find it no easy task to subdue. Survey, sir, the
whole extent of that wide-spread region beginning
at the Potomac, which rolls its waters in our view,
to the almost tropical plains of southern Texas,
and you will see signs which may well fix your
attention; one feeling, 'one purpose, one spirit
moves the entire mass of awakened and indignant
freemen. You may almost hear the tones m
which they announce their solemn purpose, not
only to resist your threatened encroachments, but
to demand guarantees for their future safety.
If it be your settled policy to deny the slave-
holding States any participation in the territory
now belonging to us, or hereafter to belong to us,
then the time is come when the southern States
must decide a grave question—either to submit to
a gradual but perfectly certain change in their or-
ganic structure, or to resist the threatened en-
croachment on their rights at every hazard.
It is no imaginary wrong of which we complain
—it is a colossal, overshadowing evil against
which we contend. Our honor and our existence
are alike involved in the issue. The cause which
threatens to disturb our peace and plunge us into
convulsions, may'seem to you a slight one; but
let me remind you that slight causes have given
rise to the fiercest and most desolating wars which
history records. The ploughing up a few acres of
sacred soil plunged the States of Greece into a san-
guinary conflict; an attempt to' collect ship-money
shook the empire of England, drove Hampden to
the field where he lost his life in one of the first bat-
tles ever fought for constitutional liberty, and
brought the anointed head of a king to the block;
while a tax of a few cents on a pound of tea drove
the British colonies into a war which broke the
dominion of the British Government, and left them
independent States. No, sir, it is no imaginary
wrong of which we complain. Your act which
excludes us from the territory of the United States
| decides a great principle against us; it involves the
j very existence of the southern States.
| If we submit, we have examples before our
[ eyes of the condition to which we shall be reduced.
| lrelend, luxuriant, fertile, degraded, starving Ire-
j land, is a picture of what we should be. With
f her representation in Parliament she constitutes
i nominally a portion of the British empire. Yet
! the policy of that empire degrades and rums her.
| What battle has been fought of late years by
! British arms where Irish blood has not been freely
spilt, and where Irish valor hss not contributed to
win the day r In all the bloody fields of the Pen-
insula, between the Pyrenees and the Alps, they
bore the British ensign in triumph against the
marshals of Fiance; and at Waterloo they upheld
it for Wellington against the magnificently stern
array which .Napoleon mustered in person. But
what has this done for Ireland ? When her sons,
unable longer to bear her degradation and her
wretchedness, speak out for their country and de-
nounce the power which oppresses and crushes
her, they are torn from her bosom, and if they
escape the scaffold they are sent into banishment
manacled with felons. To-day every southern
man walks erect, With conscious dignity; lie sur-
veys the whole country with patriotic pride; he
sits in the council of the nation an equal among
equals. He can never consent to be degraded from
this position, to have the section from which he
comes placed under the ban of the Government,
and to have the people whom he represents
brought into an inferior relation to it. A resist-
ance to the aggressions with which we are threat-
ened can bring us no worse fate than this. If we
coukl hope to escape the physical deterioration
which would certainly follow a submission to the
j olicy to which it is proposed to subject us, we
should sink into a moral degradation far worse.
The scholar who approaches Athens from the sea
forgets her orators, her'poets, and all the ruined
glory of her once unrivaled architecture, and fixes
his eye upon the tomb of Themistocles. In fling-
ing a glance upon the sea and the land, everything
is forgotten but the battles of freedom which con-
secrated every spot the eye takes in. The illus-
trious people who once dwelt there, holding slaves
as we do, maintained their national existence by
preserving a spirit which resisted all attempts at
invasion. The southern States can maintain their
position in the Union only by cultivating a spirit
which makes their people stand ready to defend
their equal claim to the benefits of the Govern-
ment against every assault.
In settling this great question, then, I shall insist
upon a recognition of our right to a full participa-
tion in the late acquisition of territory. I do not
care to measure exactly the extent of territory and
divide acres with precision, but the principle must
be admitted, the great principle that, in the division
.of the property of the United States and in the
enjoyment of political rights, the people of the
slaveholding States hold a perfect equality. As
to the Wilmot pioviso, sir, 1 do not fear its appli-
cation to the territory; the truth is you have no
right to adopt it and you have no power to enforce
it. But I should be unjust to the gentlemen from
the non-slaveholding States if I did not express my
gratification at the manly course of those who a
few days since voted down the resolution which
instructed a committee of this House to report a
bill containing it. You profess to derive your
power over the subject from the Constitution, and
many of you rest it upon the second clause of the
third section of the fourth article, which declares,
" That Congress shall have power to dispose of
' and make all needful rules and regulations re-
1 specting the territory or other property belonging
Ho the United States;" but has it never occurred
to you that the very same clause proceeds to de-
clare, " And nothing in this Constitution shall be
* so construed as to prejudice any claims of the
4 United States or of any particular State." If you
construe this restriction -upon the power of Con-
gress, so as to make it apply to the interests of the
States in the mere property of the United States
or its proceeds, you must at the same time
admit, that the first part of the clause grants no
greater jurisdiction than the control of the prop-
erty, and confers no political power. In other
words, if you derive the power of Congress to
govern the territories from the clause we are now
considering, you must take the latter part of the
clause as a restriction upon the grant of power.
It is much to be doubted whether you have the
right to govern the territories of the United States
to any greater extent than to legislate for the benefit
of the public property.
By referring to the debates in convention upon
the adoption of the Constitution, you will find that
a proposition was brought forward to give Con-
gress power to create governments for the people
of the territories of the United States; before the
proposition came to be acted on, it was modified,
and the clause to which 1 have referred is the pro-
vision to which the convention agreed.
Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, in his speech
upon the Missouri question, to which I have
already referred, says, certainly no power to legis-
late against the interest of any State, even before
the Territories are admitted as States, was con-
ferred by the convention upon Congress. Mr.
Pinckney, it will be remembered, was a member
of the Convention, and he does not hesitate to
give the opinion which I have stated.
I shall frankly declare for myself I prefer to
settle this question by adopting the Missouri com-
promise line m the sense in which it was origi-
nally applied to the territory acquiied from
Prance; it is a marked line—it has the force of
precedent—a certain moral power attaches to it,
and it is supposed to limit the northern boundary,
beyond which the natural products which employ
slave labor profitably cannot pass.
Let that line be stretched to the Pacific, and let
the stormy debates and the angry dissensions
which now shake the Government, %ink into the
bosom of that broad ocean. This will give the
North much the larger share of the territory—the
whole acquisition being about five hundred and
twenty-six thousand and seventy-eight square
miles. The parallel of thirty-six degrees and a
