1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. BURT renewed the amendment He hod
no doubt that the gentleman from Massachusetts
was correct in what he said as to the New Eng-
land colleges. He, (Mr. B.,) however, had no
means of knowing whether these salaries were ad-
equate or inadequate. According to the price of
living in New England, they nnght he sufficient.
But the scale of salaries was not the same in other
colleges. In Columbia College, in New York; in
the South Carolina College, and in others which
he was acquainted with, he knew of no professor-
ship which commanded less than $2,000.
Mr. FOWLER said, Columbia College was sit-
uated in the heart of one of the greatest cities in
the world, where the rate of living was much
higher than in other places.
Mr. BURT (resuming) said, so was West Point
situated in an expensive region of country. He
would undeitake to say that the West Point Acad-
emy was the first institution of the kind in the
world. It was admitted to be so in England and
France. If gentlemen could show that the profes-
sors in such an institution were too well paid at
$1,200 or §1,400 a year, he hoped theyjwould bring
forward such information. There was no professor
at West Point who was not of the first standing
in his depuitment, be it what it may. It was a
model institution, and he hoped the House would
not hear with favor that what was paid to the pro-
fessors in the New England colleges was sufficient
to be paid here. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, as he understood him, pro-
posed to raise these salaries up to §1,700. Was
that adequate? If not, he would vote to give
more.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GREEN renewed the amendment. He re-
garded this proposition as one which changed the
public laws, and therefore that it ought not to
be admitted in this bill. If the proposition was a
good "one in itself, it was not a pioper place for it
here. He had always entertained doubts whether,
in an appropriation bill, we had a right to change
the salaries of persons appointed by law. He had
always opposed such propositions, and he would
still oppose them. The chairman of the Military
Committee had asserted that this Academy was
the first in the woild. If so, it had advanced to
its present eminence under this system of moderate
salaries; and, if we were to raise the salaries, there
might be some danger lest it should produce a de-
terioration of the character of the institution. He
was of the opinion that the true course would be
to let well-enough alone. Why should we increase
these salaries ? He saw no good reason for the
change. The greatness, the superiority of its in-
struction, and its popularity had not been the ef-
fect of extravagant salaries to the professors. He
had no doubt that the Government could find men
who would be willing to serve at the present sala-
ries. Let us not, then, endanger the success of
the Academy, by instilling into the minds of the
youth who may be sent there principles which are
at variance with those on which our political in-
stigations ai e founded. t
Mr. BURT explained, that even the cadets were
sometimes to be sustained from their private means,
and thai, m some cases, the professors had found
then- pay insufficient to meet their expenses.
Mr. GREEN (resuming) said, that cases, he
knew, had occurred in which cadets had been im-
prudently supplied with money, and ithad always
caused heart-burnings among the rest, and some-
times led to bickerings.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, renewed the
amendment. He said it was very usual, when prop-
ositions were made to increase salaries, that they
were met by this kind of opposition. He was
surprised at the opposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] who was gen-
erally so very liberal in his course. And he was
astonished that gentlemen should institute a com-
parison between the talents required for a profes-
sor and those of clerical labor. He differed with
his filend from South Carolina about the talent
required in the Professor of Drawing. That gen-
tleman must be a good mathematician, and must
have a perfect knowledge of perspective; and it
requued a high order of talent to qualify a man for
a profe'ssorship at West Point. So in reference to
the Piench professor, whose talents his friend
from South Carolina had depreciated.
Mr. WOODWARD explained that he had, in
estimating the value of these talents, looked at the
principle of demand and supply as governing the
question of value. He did not regard the French
language as very important.
Mr. STANTON resumed, dissenting from the
gentleman from South Carolina a3 to the import-
ance of the French instruction. He was disposed
to give adequate salaries, and was opposed to the
practice of depreciating talent, and evading the
payment of the salary to which it was entitled.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed the amendment.
He said that the proposition to increase the sala-
ries of the officers and professors of the West
Point Academy, and the arguments in support of
the increase of salaries, did not strike him favora-
bly. It is admitted that the professors receive
now about $1,200 to $1,700 per annum, with their
house rent, tuel, and lights, in addition. The prop-
osition is to give to the officer in command an
increase of salary, reaching back for about five
years, and to inciease the salary of the Piofessor
of Drawing, and the Professor of French, from
$1,200 to $1,700. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts rhad stated, that the professorships of the
literary institutions of Massachusetts were filled
with tne first talent of the country, for salaries
ranging from $800 to $1,000. The gentleman from
South Carohiua, who pioposes to increase the
salaiies at West Point, intimates that the salaries
spoken of by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Fowler] were confined to New England.
Mr. S. said he came to the aid of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and informed the committee
that the literary institutions of Ohio were very re-
spectable in character; that in his own town, Del-
aware, they had an institution of high character,
with a Board of Professors, as learned and well
qualified as could be found in any part of the coun-
try; and that tiie salaries which they received
weie a fair average of salaries paid in other por-
tions of the State. The President received $1,000,
and the Professors §800; and he had never heaid
any Complaint. It is also true, that in Ohio the
Governor receives but $1,500, tne Supreme Judges
$1,200, and the Common Pleas judges $1,000.
Now, if the Government desires to increase sal-
aries, he would call the attention of the commitee
to the fact, that the district judge of Ohio received
only $1,000—a man of talent and learning. If the
habits of extiavagance at West Point require the
proposed increase of salaries, he desired that there
should be an equalization of salaries all over the
country.
Gentlemen should pause before they press this
West Point Academy upon the attention of the
country in an unfavoiable manner. The services
rendeied by the men educated at that institution,
in the Mexican war, had quieted the public mind
in regard to it, without establishing any decided
favoritism for the institution. There were a num-
ber of private institutions in the land, which may
in time supersede this institution. The proposi-
tion is also submitted to inciease the pay of cadets
from $24 to $28 per month.
Mr. S. gave notice that he should war upon
all suck expenditures. He had no prejudices
against the Military Academy. It was an insti-
tution of doubtful propriety to say the least of
it, and extiavagance is very significantly impressed
upon all the proposed appropriations of the present
session.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. JONES renewed the amendment.
Mr. BACKETr (interposing) inquired if the
professors at West Point weie not furnished quar-
ters, fuel, and lights ?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that they were furnished
quarters and fuel; he did not know how it was
with respect to lights.
Mr. JONES said, he was very certain that there
was no peison under the Government dignified
with the name of an officer, whether in the civil,
military, or naval departments, who was not re-
ceiving ample compensation. This was a time
•vhen, perhaps above all others, they should have
regard to economy; and, as this was the first of the
appropriation rails, and as he thought they should
be decreased as much as possible, lie would read
to the committee a list of the sums required by the
different departments of the Government for the
current fiscal year.
Jlpprojrriatton Bills.
For fortifications $747,000 0 )
For Military Academy a.  198,506 47
il Army 6,Hi9.38.'i 00
« Navy 954-i7'£52 07
" Navy Pensions  43,000 00
" Revolutionary and other pensions 1 306,1 r2 50
" Indians 1,119,057 17
" Civil and Diplomatic . 9693,612 05
$09.507.3M 26
Rivers and harbors bills reported 2,050 000 (K)
Collecting revenue fiom customs 2,750,000 00
Additional estimates for the Army.............1,079,000 00
$35,386,363 *26
Permanent and indefinite appropriations to be
expended in the year ending June 30, 1851.. .5,643,410 24
Former appropriations unexpended, which
will be required during the year ending
June 30,1851   5.656,530 34
$46 688,323 £4
For Post Office and Mail service ft,441 651 00
$52,127,960 84
[Before he had concluded the reading of the^table,
he was interrupted by the Chairman's hammer,
but proceeded with the reading (as above) at a
subsequent stage of the proceedings.]
Mr. KAUFMAN renewed the amendment; but
not, he said, for the purpose of making a speech.
He intended to vote against it. But m order to
bring the discussion to a close, as it seemed
lo htm that every gentleman must have made up
his mind how he designed to vote, he (Mr. K.)
called for the question, and gave notice that he
would not withdraw the amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Tellers were called for, and ordered, and Messrs.
Holmes and Sackett were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—yeas 54, noes 70.
! So the amendment was rejected,
i Mr. TAYLOR offered the following amend-
| ment.
"And that the pay of the cadets shall hereafter conform to
tlie recommendation contained in therepoitof the Board
ol Vibitors, made to the Secretary oi War, during the year
1849, to wit: $2d 20 per month."
The amendment having been read—
The CHAIRMAN ruled it to be out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR gave notice that he would em-
brace some other opportunity to offer the amend-
ment.
After some conversation between Mr. Bayly
and the Chairman—
Mr. JONES moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the 22d and 23d lines thereof.
Mr. J. said, that the amount was very small;
still, if stricken out, it would be some saving.
He then proceeded to read (in continuation) the
table he had already read m part, (showing the
aggregate amount of appropriations required for
the current fiscal year.)
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order. He sub-
mitted that, under the five minutes' rule, the gen-
tlemen must confine his remarks to the amend-
ment he had offered, and could discuss no other.
Mr. JONES said, he had moved to strike out
part of the bill, and he was speaking to that very
point, to show the necessity of reducing the ap-
propriations.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. JONES proceeded to read the table.
Mr. PITCH interposed to a point of order.
Was not this appropriation, he submitted, provi-
ded for by the existing law, and therefore wa3 not
an attempt to defeat it, in this manner, out of
order ?
Mr. JONES submitted, that that was not a
question of order for tiie Chair to decide, but a
question for the House to decide.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. JONES finished the reading of his table,
showing an aggregateof fifty-two mill ions of dollars.
He wished to know where the money was to
come from. This amount, he said, was exclusive
of moneys that might be appropriated for the sat-
isfaction of private claims, and it was also exclu-
sive of the enormous appropriations which, he
feared, would, find friends enough in this Congress
for the French spoliations. If this vast amount
of appropriation was to be made, the Government
would again have to go into market to borrow.
Mr. BAYLY, remaikmg that, in his opinion,
the statement read by his colleugue on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Jones,] was
calculated to produce an erroneous impiession
upon the House and the country, stated that from
the aggregate amount of the appropriations to be
