1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
half, if stretched across it, would leave the North in
possession of three hundred and thirty-seven thou-
' sand three hundred and fifty-live square miles, and
would leave the South one hundred and eighty-
eight thousand seven hundred and twenty-ei ht
square miles, making an excess in favor of the
North of about one hundred and fifty thousand
square miles.
But I do not care for this. I wish to settle the
question, and I -wish to settle it upon such terms
as will relieve the southern States from the ban of
the Governmant, and secure a recognition of their
rights.
When it was proposed last winter to admit Cali-
fornia as a State, authorizing the inhabitants then
there to form a constitution with that object, I op-
posed it. I stood ready to recognize the right of the
people to provide a government for themselves; but
I was uriwilling to subject the vast territory to the
jurisdiction of the inhabitaRts then there. 1 believ-
ed it would result in the sacrifice of the substantial
rights of the southern people. A regiment raised
in the interior of New York, for the express pur-
pose of colonizing California, had been sent out by
the late Secretary of War, and was disbanded
there. I could not doubt their decision in regard
to slavery. I was unwilling, too, that the new
State should embrace within its limits the whole
extent of the Pacific coast, and I insisted upon a
plan of settlement which would allow the people
of the slaveholding States the opportunity of
colonizing that country.
I know, Mr. Chairman, that you, together with
the present Speaker of the House, and several
other distinguished gentlemen on both sides of the
chamber, did favor the bill which was brought
forward by the present Secretary of the Navy,
who was at that time a member of this House.
Others planted themselves upon the ground as-
sumed by General Cass, who thought it best to
leave the people in the full enjoyment of the
rights of self-government. I -know that a great
■change has taken place in the numbers and char-
acter of the population now there, but I still insist
if California is to come into the Union, let the
State be admitted with the Missouri compromise
line for its southern boundary, and let us settle the
whole question upon that line, or let us have some
other equivalent, which recognizes the right of a
slaveholding people to divide the territory, and to
reside there in the enjoyment of their property.
As to the fact that the people of the territory of
California have thought proper to adopt a State
constitution in advance of any preliminary action
on the part of Congress, I do not regard that as a
very serious obstacle. An act on our part now
admitting the State, would relate back to the ori-
ginal proceeding, and would legalize it. Such a
course on our part would not be without late pre-
cedents in its favor.
As to the provision of the constitution in respect
to slavery, I suppose no one would desire to make
that a subject of debate here, and least of all will
any southern man consent to let the question of
the admittance of the State turn upon that point.
The right of the people creating a State govern-
ment to determine that question for themselves, is
perfectly clear, and for one I shall never consent to
have it questioned.
And here, sir, allow me to say, that I have
heard, with profound regret, the remarks which
have been made by some gentlemen on this floor
m regaid to the course which the President has
thought proper to pursue towards the inhabitants
of California. His patriotism needs no vindica-
tion here; it is attested by a long career in the
public service, and it has been illustrated upon hard-
fought fields, where the great ensign of the Repub-
lic floating above him caught new lustre from his
achievements. Such assaults cannot harm him.
They are powerless—and it will yet be found that
his hold upon the confidence and affection of his
country cannot be shaken. He thought it best to
encourage the people of California to prepare a
State government, but he did not for a moment at-
tempt to interfere with the freest exercise of the
rights of the citizens in fixing the character of that
government. .
In deciding the great question which 13 before
us let party be forgotten, and let us remember
our country. Let us settle this great controversy
which to-day threatens to overthrow the noblest
Government upon which the sun has ever shone.
It is full of danger. Gentlemen may not be
361
enabled to realize it, bat the controversy is full of
danger. It is stated in a late British magazine
that the Government of that powerful empire was,'
in April, 1848, in great danger of being over-
thrown; that if out of the six thousand soldiers
who at that time mustered in the metropolis, one
half of the number had gone over to the people,
the Government would have gone down.
The events of an hour may destroy the noblest
fabrics. The oak, through whose branches the
tempest ha3 swept for a century, yields up its
strength to a single flash of the lightning. I de-
sire, most earnestly desire, to save the Union.
Those of us who contend for the rights of the
South must not be charged with treason against it.
We are the true friends of the Union; but we de-
sire to maintain the Government in its purity.
We cannot submit to the tranquillity which a des-
potism would impose. We hold that political
truth is like revealed truth—let it first be " pure,
then peaceable."
Deal with us justly, meet us in the spirit which
animated the men who sat side by side in the con-
vention which established the Constitution under
which we live; recognize us as a kindred people;
admit our claims to a full participation in the ben-
efits of a common government; legislate for this
whole country as yourcountry in all its amplitude,
and you will find us ready to go on with you in
the great future which opens before us, prepared
to share your fortunes, for good or forevil, through
all the vicissitudes which it may bring—Jlnimis,
opibusque parati.'9 ^
As we now stand, confronted in angry contro-
versy, I am sure that I may say, while the people
I represent will contribute everything to maintain
the Government in its just and equal action, they
will never submit to acts of oppression; they will
give wealth and life itself to maintain your power
and defend your honor, but as one man they will
adopt the language of one of themostdistinguished
statesmen of South Carolina, no longer living,—
" Millions for defence, not a cent for tribute."
At the close of his remarks, Mr. H. gave notice
of his intention to offer an amendment to the
resolution, proposing to refer that portion of
the message relating to the territories, so as to in-
struct the Committee on Territories to report a
bill for the protection of the citizens of the United
States in their property, of whatever description,
in the territories acquired from Mexico by the
treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. FITCH obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee during the hour—yielding the floor
for purposes of explanation or inquiry, to Messrs.
Brown, of Mississippi, and Clingmaj-t. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. F. having concluded, the floor was as-
signed to
Mr. ROOT, who yielded to'a motion that the
committee rise.
A motion to that effect having been made and
agreed to, the committee rose. And the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented un-
der the rule and appropriately referred:
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of P. Wadsworth,
piesident, E. N. Sill, secretary, and B. Booth, Harvey Bald-
win, John Hawford, and T. D. Miller, directors of the Poit-
age County Mutual Fire Insuiance Company, praying the
reduction of postage to two cents per half ounce on all pte-
paid letters. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of William Dailing and
other citizen* of Reading, Pennsylvania, for cheap postage.
Refened to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of E. M. Davis, and
18b other citizens of Philadelphia, asking for the induction
of po-tdije to the uniform r.ite of two and a half cent* on all
prepaid letter*. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: A memorial,
signed by Merrett Parker, and two other soldiers of the war
of 1812,'prajmg an appropriation of land for such services
to the soidieis "of that war. Referred to the Committee on
the Public Lauds.
Also, a memorial signed by J. C Thau and 38 other citi-
zens ot Clarion county^ Pennsylvania, for the establishment
of a mail route from Lewi-town, Clarion county, viaGu*en-
ville Village to Claiion. Refeired to the. Committee on the
Post Oftie« and Post Road*. *
Also, a memoual signed hy J. L. McLane and 36 other
citizens of Pennsylvania, prajing for an alteration of the
tariff laws of the Commonwealth. Referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans.
By Mr. JOHN A KING: The petition from the city of j! way, Massachusetts, for
Brooklyn, foi increased mail facilities between New York j- Also, the^pctition of
and Sail Francisco. ' • -
Al*o, a petition from sundry inhabitants of Riverbeart, '
Suffolk county, New- York, in favor of two cents on prepaid
letters. - • r r
By Mr. BEALE: The petition of James H. Brown arid
others, praying the reduction on the postage on ali letters to
two cents per half ounee. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
-Al<o, the petition of Philip Cox and others, for the esfef>-
lishment of a direct mail route from GiJmore Court-House
to Ritchie Court-House,aH id the State of Virginia.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition from citizens of the North-
ern Liberties, Philadelphia,- for cheap postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of E. W. Camngton, Esq.
and others, legal voters of the town of Farmington, Connec-
ticut, asking for a reduced and uniform system of postage.
Referred io the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. BOBBINS: The memorial, signed hy James IJol-
lahan, General George Cadwalader, and 496 other citizens
and seamen of Pennsylvania, asking that the same rewards
be granted to seamen serving in the Gulf and Pacific squad-
rons that Congress has granted to persons serving m the
army or marine corps in Mexico. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Milit.ny Affairs.
By Mr. SPRAGCJE: A petition for cheap postage, from
E. I- House and other citizens of Paw Paw, Michigan.
Also, a petition fiom Ii. S. Hurd and other citizens of
Union City, Michigan.
Aho, a petition from John C. Ball and 225 citizens of
Ionia county, Michigan.
Also, a petition from H. Condict and other citizens of
Adrian. Michigan. AH referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BOWIE: The memorial of James S. Morsel},
pravwg indemnity for losses sustained in the war of 1012.
Bv Mr. DUKKEE: A petition of the citizens of the State
of Wisconsin, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Sheboygan Falls to Fond du Lac.
AI<io, a resolution of the Legislature of the State of Wis-
consin, in relation to ceding the public lands to the States
in which they lie, on certain conditions.
Also, a resolution of the Legislaiuie of the Srate of Wis-
consin, relative to-a donation of the military irserve land
at Fort Winnebago, to aid in the construction of a peneten-
tiary.
AI«o, a petition of the citizens of Dodge county, in the
State of Wisconsin, praying tor the establishment of a Ter-
ntoiial Government in California.
Al.=iO, a petition of the cii.zcns of Racine, in the State of
Wisconsin, praying lor an appropriation tor the completion
of the harbor at that place.
By Mr. BURT: The memorial of the citizens of the Stale
of South Carolina, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Giaham'f Turnout to Lou's.
Also, the petitton of citizens of Edgefield District in the
State of South Carolina, praj ing for the establishment of a
mail route from Richardson's to Lodi.
Also, tin- memorial of citizens of Lexington and Newbery
Districts, in the State of South Carolina, praying tor the es-
j tabhshment of a mail route from Lexington court house to
j Newberry courthouse.
I By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of Hemy Grew and
j one hundred other citizens of Philadelphia, askn.g for a uni-
| form rate of postage on piepaid letters aUo another of a
, similar character from Samuel Murphy and others of Phila-
| delplna.
I By Mr. PARKER: The petition of the surviving exccu-
j tor and heirs of Robert McCandless, deceased, praying in-
j demnitv for French spoliations prior to 1800. ^
j By Mr. REED: The petition of the faculty and students
I of Jefferson College, Pennsylvania, for cheap postage. - .
By Mr. GREEN: The petition of citizens of Morgan
j county, Missouri, prajing the establishment of a mail rOiite
from Versailles to Erie in said State.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Missouri on the subject ot a geological survey of said State.
Referi ed to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of J. S. Bosvvorfh and
60 others, citizens of Ridgeway, county of Orleans,'New
Yoik, asking Congress to establish the rate of postage on
prepaid letters al two cents per half ounce.
By Mr. SRDDON: The petition of many citizens of Vir-
ginia to establish four beacons on the James river in that
Slate.
By Mr. ROSE : The petition of Joshua Gray, J. L. Ben .
nett, and other citizens of Geneva, New York, praying for
the repeal of the law giantinga patent to William Wood-
worth, for plamng-maehine.
Also, the petition of Georee Bull, John Mosher andotheis,
of Ontario county, New York, praying for reduction of
postage.
AI.-o.the petition of Luther Shepard, iraPixley and 170
others, citizens of Ontario countj, New York, piajmg lor
reduction of po-tage.
Also, the p< tition of William Gnodell, Daniel Short and
others, of Richmond, Ontano county, New York, praying
for reduction of po*ta«e.
By Mr. A. G. BROWN: The petition of Douglass H.
Cooper and other*, late commissioned officers in the 'war
with Mexico,praving bounty lands.
By Mr. FRKEDLEY : The petition of J. Roberts and 100
citizens of Norristown, Pennsylvania, m favor of cheap
po«!a<*e.
Bv Mr. HALLO WAY: The petition of Richard Robin-
som of Dutches- county, New York, praying for relief for
wound* received in the naval service, in thewai ofl812-'13
dlANo the Memorial for the removal of Kicks from Hurl
Gate channel, signed by William Hatsey &. Co. and others,
of New York.
Bv Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of L.
Bailey and 18 others, of Medway, Massachusetts, praying
for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of Amasa Daniels and others, of Med-
wav, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of George F Walker and 11 others,
indents in Holhston Academy, in Holliston, Massachusetts,
for the same object.
