1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
provided for during the present fiscal year as esti-
mated by the gentleman, $5,444,000 for the Post
Office Department, (which was supported by its
own revenue and not from the general Treasury,)
and $5.656,000—being the amount of unexpended
balances of former appropriations—should be de-
ducted; so that from the aggregate estimated by
the gentleman, some $11,000,000, in round num-
bers, should be deducted; making in round num-
bers $40,000,000 instead of $51,000,000 expenses
to be provided for during the current fiscal year.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BURT renewed the amendment, with a
view to have the question taken.
Mr. JONES said he had no desire to have the
question taken.
Mr. BURT thereupon withdrew the amendment.
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved the following
amendment, viz:
For the erection and completion of a riding hall, the sum
of $8,0JO, in addition to ttip sum of$2,000, appropriated by
the act ot Febi uary 19, 1849.
In explanation of his amendment he said, that
an appropriation of $10,000 had, during the last
Congress, been applied for by those interested in
the Academy, with the approbation of the officers
at West Point, and ot the Quartermaster General;
and that some $2,000 was then appropriated by
Congress, for the erection of a new riding hall.
The officer in charge of the riding school said
that the old hall was in a condition unfit for ser-
vice, and dangerous both to the horses and their
riders. He alluded to the importance of this
branch of the education of the cadets, and appealed
to the House to grant the remainder ($8,000) of
the amount necessary to complete the ndmg hall,
that appropriate and necessary appendage of so
noble an institution.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. BAYLY, who renewed it, and stated that
this precise application had been made to the Sec-
retary of War, who had declined to ask for any
such appropriation.
Mr. HOLMES renewed the amendment. The
House was called upon to decide between the
opinion of such a man as General Jesup, who had
seen service, and had a practical knowledge of all
matters relating to it, and that of the Secretary of
War, who had never seen any service, and was
altogether without experience. And again, he
asked the House if they werfc willing to suffer
these buildings to remain in a state of dangerous
dilapidation, which might endanger the lives of
some of the boys at the Academy, rather than
spend $8,000 in necessary repairs? It was but
lately that, at a Catholic school, the question came
up about repairing a ruined portico, but it was
overruled on account of the expense. Soon after-
wards the portico fell, and buried some of the
children in the ruins. He withdrew the amend-
ment.
Mr. TAYLOR renewed the amendment. He
stated, that whenever information relative to the
service came to the House from officers whose
knowledge and skill had been tested in the field,
he always felt disposed to give the gieatest weight
to it. He knew no better guide for his legislative
duties, so far as it went. He renewed the amend-
ment merely for the purpose of having read an
extract from the report of theaBoard of Visitors in
1849, in relation to the pay of the cadets. [The
extract was read.] He had this read to justify
the amendment he had proposed, and which the
Chair had decided to be out of order. He was in
favor of sustaining this institution, of paying the
professors, and of placing the cadets on an equality.
The graduates of this institution had conferred
great honor on the country, and he hoped the in-
stitution would be cherished. He withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER asked if it would be in order
to move to abolish the institution.
The CHAIRMAN indicated, that the object
might be attained by a motion to strike out the
fiist clause of the bill.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise,
but withdrew his motion.
Mr. BAYLY, in reply to what had fallen from
the gentleman from South Carolina in reference to
the opinions of General Jesup and the Secretary of
War, said that if the Committee of Ways and
Means were to act on all the suggestions made to
them by officers, it would be a bad example.
When application a were made to the Secretary, he
hears all that can be said on both sides, and sends
the result to the committee. It would not be a
good precedent to act upon every suggestion which
might come from any officer which was ex paile.
Mr. BURT. The Chief of the Department does
not ask for this appropriation contained in the
amendment of the gentleman from New York. I
must, therefore, very reluctantly vote against it.
Mr. JOHN A. KING replied, that what the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
had said, was all true. This appropriation was not
approved by the Secretary, but then, this House
did last year approve and adopt a similar appro-
priation for the security of the lives of the cadets.
On this principle, and because Congress did make
the appropriation last year, he had to-day sub-
mitted his amendment.
Mr. KERR appealed to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY said, he was not at liberty to do
so, as it had been withdrawn for his accommoda-
tion, and under a pledge that he would renew it.
Mr. KERR desired to say one word.
Some calls to oider.
Mr. KERR said, he simply desired to state A
fact—and that was, that, under the late Adminis-
tration, certain officers were obliged to be sent to
Europe in order to acquire a knowledge of cavalry
tactics 
The CHAIRMAN interposed to order. There
was, he said, no question upon which the gentle-
man was entitled to speak.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise.
Mr. BURT desired, he said, to give notice of
certain amendments; and he would ask his col-
league to waive his motion for a moment for that
purpose. If it was the desire of the committee to
rise, he (Mr. B.) had no objection.
Mr. OTIS enquired of the Chair if it was in
order to move to rise and repoit the bill to the
House ?
The CHAIRMAN said, not while an amend-
ment was pending.
Mr. HOLMES waived his motion that the com-
mittee lise.
Mr. BURT now moved his amendment, as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever tile
luteal rank of the Superintendent of the Military Academy
snail be under the grade of Lieutenant Colonel, he &hall be
entitled to the pay and emoluments now allowed by law to
the Professor ot Natural and Expeiimental Philosophy; and
the provisions of this section shall take effect from and after
the loth August, 1845.
Mr. BAYLY raised the question of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BURT appealed from the decision, and in-
quired if the appeal was debatable?
The CHAIRMAN replied, it was not.
The motion that the committee rise was now re-
newed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 58, noes 63.
So the committee refused to rise.
The amendment was read.
A brief conversation between Mr. Bort and the
Chairman ensued upon a point of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired if any
amendment was pending?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the negative.
Mr. HARRIS moved, then, that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN said, that motion could not
be put at present, and announced the question,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee ?
Mr. BURT called for tellers, which were re-
fused.
Mr. BURT asked for a division.
The question was taken, and no quorum voted.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, made the
point of order, that, no quorum having voted, the
roll must be called.
The CHAIRMAN decided accordingly.
The Clerk proceeded to call the rell, and having
gone through—
The committee rose and reported the names of
the absentees, to be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER said that a quorum having now
appeared, the Chairman would resume the chair.
The CHAIRMAN resumed the chair in com-
mittee. ,
The question recurring on the appeal,
Mr. BURT withdrew it, and modified hieamend-
ment to read as follows :
Sec. 9. Jhid be it further enacted, That whenever the
hnea! rank of the Superintendent ot the Military Academy,
shall be under the grade of Lieutenant Colonel, he shall be
entitled to the pay and emoluments now allowed by law to
the Protessor of Natural and Experimental Philosophy.
The amendment having been read—■
Some conversation followed between Mr. BdAt
and the Chairman.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, raised the
question of order ok the amendment.
The CHAIR luled the amendment out of ofdef.
Mr. BURT appealed from the decision.
Pending which motion—
The committee rose and reported—
And the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and refened to the appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. TAYXOR: The petition of William Storer and
52 others, citizens of Jackson county, Ohio, praying for
the establishment of a mail route trom Jackson Court
Ho^e to Adi lphi, in Ross county, Ohio.
By Mr. HOAGI.AVD: The petition of David Anderson
and 124 others, citizens of' Ohio, asking Oongtess to provide
means to remove the descendants of ihe African race, to
give them bounty land, and provide temporary maintenance.
By Mr. DOTY : The peti'ion of Captain Ephraim Shaler,
praying leave to enter at ttie land office a tract of land at
Green Bay.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, .Tub/ 25, 1850.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, communica-
ting, m compliance with law, a statement showing
the balance of appropriation on the 1st July, 1848,
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1849, with the transfers, expenditures and bal-
ances on the 1st July, 1849, and the amounts car-
ried to the surplus fund; which was read.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to luw, a statement
of the receipts and expenditures on account of the
navy pension fund for the year ending on 30th
September, 1849; which was read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial from citizens
of Bemcia, California, praying the establishment
of a port of entry at that place. The memorialists
set forth that Benicia has been found, preeminently
aboveall others, to possess the requisite facilities for
a large seaport; that the fact is so well understood
in the Atlantic cities, that many shippers of goods
have directed their supercargoes and consignees to
discharge their cargoes at Benicia, afier entering
thern at the custom-house at San Francisco; that
Americanships are constantly arnvingfrom foreign
and home ports, after having been subjected to the
expense and delay of entering their cargoes at San
Francisco; and the foreign and internal commerce
of the port is already greater than that of any sea-
port in California, except San Francisco.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr.S.also presented a memorial from Z. F.John-
son and others, recommending the measure asked
in the foregoing paper, and stating that it is of
great importance to the whole mining country that
ships of large size should be able to approach the
interior cities and towns as near as possible, and
save delay and expenses.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition of seamen in
the navy, who served in the Gulf of Mexico, ask-
ing to be allowed extra pay and bounty lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted a document relating
to the establishment of a port of entry at Benicia,
in California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. H. also presented a document in relation to
the expediency of maintaining a signal light in the
harbor of Savannah, Georgia; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
