1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25.
Lands, to whom was referred the bill granting the
right of way arid making a grant of land to the
State of Arkansas, in aid of the completion of the
military road from Memphis to St. Francis, re-
ported back the same, with an amendment.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the several memorials, from Legisla-
tures of States and individuals, in relation to the
subject of railroads, reported bills of the following
titles; which were read and passed to a second
reading:
A hill granting the right of way and a donation
of public land for the purpose of locating and con-
structing a railroad from the Fulls of St. Croix, to
Lake Superior;
A bill granting to the State of Wisconsin the ;
right of way and a donation of public land for the
purpose of locating and constiucting a road from
Green Bay to St. Paul's;
A bill granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public land for the
purpose of locating and constructing a road from
Saginaw to Sault Ste. Mane.
Sir. F. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature of
Alabama, asking a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of railroads and piank loads, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same, on the ground that the subject had already
been provided for; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to piint the
report of the Secretary of War, with reconnoissan- i
ces of routes from San Antonio de Bexar to El j
Paso del Norte by certain officers of the topograph-
ical bureau, reported in favor of printing the same.
Mr. CASS thought these were the documents
called for by this resolution, and wished them to
lie upon the table, to give him time to examine
them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, explained that
they were not the same, or, if so, in part only.
He suggested to the Senator fiom Michigan the
propriety of allowing them to go to the Committee
on Priming. They were accompanied by a gen-
eral map; but if the objects of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan required a larger map, the
Committee on Printing could examine into the
subject, and make such recommendation as they
might deem necessary.
Mr. HAMLIN explained that the present mo-
tion was only for printing the usual number; and
that when thev should be laid upon the tables of
Senators, the Senator from Michigan would have
an"oppoitunity to examine the documents, and
satisfy himself, before any fuuher step should be
taken.
Mr. CASS preferred that they should he upon
the table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN would state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
that the papers and information called for by him
were different entirely from the maps and docu-
ments reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Printing. These are surveys made by the or-
der of the War Department by Johnson, and
relate to the country between the Red river and
the Rio Grande. Those m relation to which he
wants information leiute to the country between
the Rio Grande and the Navahoe country.
Mr. CASS thought some of them might be the
same, and preferred that they should lie upon the
ta'ole.
The motion to print was then laid upon the ta-
ble for the present.
CIVIL AUTHORITY BY MILITARY OFFICERS.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate took up
for consideration the following resolution:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency 0- piohibitmg by
law any officer ol the army from assuming or exercising
within the limit's of the United States, any civil power or
authority not conferred by an act of Con ie>>, and ot pro-
viding an adequate punishment ful such offence.
Mr. HOUSTON addressed the Senate, in reply
to the remarks made upon the resolution, when
last under consideration, by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Prarce,] but had not concluded
when he yielded to
Mr. CLAY, (in a low voice.) Will my worthy
and gallant friend from Texas pardon me for say-
ing that the general idea is that we shall take the
question upon this long-pending subject to-day?
If he will have the goodness to postpone to an-
other day the remainder of his remarks, I shall be
very much obliged to him. I am very sorry to
interfere with Ins speech.
Mr, HOUSTON. I had not the pleasure to
hear the honorable Senator from Kentucky, Mr.
President.
Mr. CLAY. Shah I repeat what I said?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, it is not necessary.
[Laughter.] I believe I understood the import of
what he said. I will yield the floor. I hope it
will be productive of good—that good will grow
out of it. But when I took the floor to-day, 1 did
not anticipate that any one would have the slight-
est objection to my continuing the remarks I de-
signed to offer. I will surrender; but I do it with
great reluctance.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave to say that I am under
grateful obligations to my friend for this kind for-
bearance upon his part. I shall be willing to hear
him another day with the greatest pleasure. I
wish now, Mr. President, to ask the resumption
of the subject which has so long occupied us. But
before doing so, 1 hope the Senate will excuse me
for expressing the wish that we may be able to
draw this subject to a conclusion this day. What-
ever may be its fate, and whichever side may have
the majority, I hope the day will not close until
we have decided absolutely upon it. I now move
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until to-morrow.
The question being taken upon the motion, it
was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills, ordered to be engrossed
yesterday, were severally read a third time and
passed:
The bill gianting to the State of Wisconsin a
donation of public lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the city of Mihvaukie to the
Mississippi river.
The bill to provide additional security for the
lives and property of persons navigating the west-
ern waters.
The bill granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public land for the
purpose of locating and constructing a canal from
Rochester, in said State, to the waters of Lake
Michigan.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The amendments of the Mouse of Representa-
tives to the bill to provide for the printing of the
annual report upon commerce and navigation, were
read and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill to grant a register to the barque James
Patton,jr., now the Granadian barque Bogota, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution explanatory of certain acts
therein mentioned, was read a fust and second time
by its tide, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill reported by the select Committee of Thir-
teen—to admit California into the Union as a State;
providing territorial governments for Utah and
New Mexico; and making proposals to Texus
for the settlement of her western and northern
boundaries.
The question pending was on the following
amendment, moved by Mr. Bradbury, in lieu of
the 39th section—which section contains the pro-
posals of Texas relative to her boundary:
"That the President of the United Stales be and he is
hereny authorized, by and with the advice and consent ot
the Senate, to appoint three commissioners, who shall have
power to agiee wuh &uch cuiriinif-sioneis as may be ap-
pointed under the legislative authority of the State of Texas,
upon a line ot bonnUaiy between the territory ol the United
States and the said State of Texas, commencing at tiu
point where the Red river is intei&ectcd by the 100th de-
giee of west longitude, being the southwest angle ot the In-
dian teiruory, and running to a point on the Rio Gtancle, to
be agreed upon by the .said commissioners; and alsom agr# e
upon the terms, conditions, and consideration upon which
such line bhall be established ; ami the proceedings and
agreements ot the said commissioners thall be, as soon as
possible, iiaiiMmUcd to the Piesichnt of the United States,
to b<; by him submitted toCongie^, with such lecointmnd-
auon*. us the circumstances, in his opinion, may reqini e, lor
the dppioval a:;d action of Congress thereupon; and the
-aid agreement, win n approved by the Congress of the
Umteu states and the J>g slatuiu ot the State of Texas,
shall be obligatory upon the paities."
Mr. IIALE moved to amend the amendment by
adding thereto as follows;
"And the rights both of the United Suites and of Texa<?
to the territory in dispute shall leinain the same as they
were at the date of the exchange of the ratifications ol the
trea'y of Guadalupe Hidaltfo, and neither party shall be pie-
judiced by anything which has subsequently occurred, nor
shall either party take any further Meps to reduce rlm&e
rights to possession until after said commissioners shall
have heen appointed, and the duties devolved upon them
by this act shall have been executed and performed, and
Congress and Texas &hall have acted definitely thereon."
Mr. CLAY said that he hoped that final action
would be had to-day upon the bill.
Mr. CASS inquired where Congress received
the power to enjoin upon a State to do or not to
do a particular act. The amendment was a pro-
hibition upon Texas. He did not know where
such a power was given by the Constitution.
After some remaiks from Mr. HALE in ex-
planation of his amendment, the question was then
taken, and the amendment to the amendment was
rejected by the following vote:
YEAS.—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Berrien,
Bradbury, Clarke, Coopei, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Douslas, Greece, Udle, Hamlin, MilJei, Nor-
ris, Pearce, Sewaid, Shield*, Spruance, Underwood, Up-
ham, Wales, and Walker—
NAYS.—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bnght, Bi^ier,
Cass, Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton. Dickin-
son, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch. Foote, Houston, IJuu-
ter, Jones, King, Mhnsuin, Mason. Morton, Phelps, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Sou!6, Sturgeon, Turney, Whitcoinb, and
Yulee—30.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out of the
amendment the words, " with such recommenda-
tions as the circumstances, in his opinion, may re-
quire for the approval and action of Congiesa
thereupon." And he stated his objections to those
words.
Mr. BRADBURY said that if the motion to
strike out were withdrawn, he would move to
amend his own amendment.
Mr. BENTON withdrawing his motion, Mr.
BRADBURY moved to amend his own amend-
ment by making the last part of the last sentence
but one read as follows:
And the pioceedmgs and agreement of the said commis-
sioners shall be, as early as practicable, transmitted to the
President of the United States, to be by him submitted to
Congress tor its action tbeieupon.
And the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved to add to the amendment
as amended, the following1 provision:
Provided, That in agreeing upon said boundary line be-
tween the teiritory of tli^ United States and the said Siato
of Texas, the said commissioners slvill aaree upon no line
which does not exclude every portion of New Mexico,
whether lying on the east or the west side of the Kio Giande,
from Texas, and winch they do not believe to be the true
and legitimate boundary between New Mexico and Tex<-s.
He supported his amendment as a provision
highly just and proper, as a protection to the rights
secured by the treaty of Hidalgo to the people of
New Mexico.
Mr. RUSK briefly replied, in maintenance of
the right of Texas.
Mr. BALDWIN supported the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri. Xie examined the
whole subject of the respective titles of Texas and
New Mexico, and maintained that Texas had no
lawful right to the territory in dispute.
Mr. DAWSON read from a speech of Mr. Ben-
ton, made some time in June, to show that then
it was contended that New Mexico was no party
to the controversy, and that it was really a con-
troversy between the United States and Texas.
Mr. BENTON replied.
Mr. BRADBURY defended his amendment from
the objections made to it by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. DOUGLAS opposed the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BENTON replied, and Mr. DOUGLAS
rejoined.
Messrs. DAVIS, of Mississippi, and HALE
continued the debate upon the title of Texas.
Mr. CLARKE moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLAY asked the yeas and nays on the
motion, and they were ordered.
And the question being taken, resulted in the
negative, as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Bell, Benton, Ber-
rien, Butler, Cha e, Claike, Davis oi Massachusetts, Davis
of Mississippi, Dayton, Dodire ot Wisconsin. Gteene, Half,
Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Moiton, Phelps, Seward,
SooM, Turney, Upham, and Yulee—
NAYS—Mv^srt.. Atchmm, Badger, Bradburv, Bright, Oa s,
Cla\, Coopei, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge ol iowa, Donate*,
Downs, Felch, Foote, Houston, Jones, King, M.ingum,
Morris, Pearce, Pr;itt, Ru?k, Sebastian, ShieUls, Smith, Spru-
ance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
comb—31.
