364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, 14,
tipns can have to do with regulating the registers
of our vessels.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator appeals to me, I
Would simply remark that the subject has a two-
fold aspect. The Senator from New Jersey gives
it an aspect in relation to treaties, and certainly
that belongs to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. And then the aspect which I gave to it is
one which probably is more immediately connect-
ed with commercial business. *
Mr. KING. I adverted to the necessity of a
change in the mode of registering. I still insist
that this is a matter which does not appertain to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. If a treaty
were to be madfe, then it would be sent there, to
see whether the committee would report for or
against it,'but in this state of things, it is not prop-
er to send it to that committee. It refers to the
registering of vessels alone. As to treaty stipula-
tions, that belongs to the other end of the avenue.
They can institute negotiations and make treaties;
and then they have to submit them to us for our
approbation or rejection; and when they are so
submitted they ought to go to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
1 will not consume the time of the Senate by
protracting the discussion of this matter, and will
therefore move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to mingle in this
* debate, but 1 desire to say a single word in reply
to a remaikof the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. £>aytonj] which seems to relate per-
sonally to myself. The discharge of my duty
here, sir, on the floov of the Senate, is accompa-
nied with embarrassments enough, without being
charged with misrepresenting any body of men or
anything of which I speak.
1 assured the Senator from New Jersey and the
Senate, that when I presented the petition, 1 said
nothing about its coming from Friends; the peti-
tion said nothing of the sort; the letter enclosing
it said nothing of the sort; yet still the honorable
Senator stands up for the Quakers, to repudiate it
and disclaim an act which they construe |is hav-
ing been done by me. It will be time enough for
his friends in New Jersey or in Pennsylvania or
Delaware, or any where else, to disclaim my
speaking for them when I undertake to speak for
fcnera.
The Senator from New Jersey went on to af-
firm that there was something in the paper itself
that purported to come fiom a ineetng of Fiiends.
There was nothing of the sort, sir, in the paper
or the letter accompanying it; nothing of the sort
was said by inc. To ho sure, when the letter
was sent to the Secretary's tabic and read, it ap-
peared to be written in the language of the
Friends, and the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Sturgeon] got up and disclaimed
it, as having been sent by the association of
Frien 's. It certainly is not incumbent on me to
get up and undertake to correct everybody and
every thing that I understand to be a ihiatake and
misapprehension. *
The endorsement at the bottom of the petition,
which the Senator from New Jersey says is an an-
nouncement that it is from the Friends, is m these
words: "A ijumber of the above names were pro-
cured at public meetings, and written by myself by
thedirection of the people. This plan was adopted
■to save tune and trouble." That is what is stated
by the individual who sent the petition. There is
not a word about Friends having anything to do
with it. It seems to me, sir, that after I had dis-
claimed it once, it was a htttc ungenerous that the
assc\eration should be repeated that it did come
from the Fiiends, or that there was anything in
the paper or in fhe remarks which I made that had
a tendency to show that it came from Friends. 1
utterly deny that theie was anything of the kind
written in the papers, or said by me in the remarks
1 offered to the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON. It is very immaterial with me
whether this memonai goes to the Committee on
Foreign Relations or the Committee on Commerce,
and 1 suppose 4 is quite immaterial with the me-
morialists themselves; but, sir, the subject matter
of the memorial is of such a nature as, according
to, the practice of this body, requires that it should
go tostoeCommittee on Foreign Relations, because,
wh^th^r rightfully or wrongfully, the appeal which
' £0 us-can only be answered through the
jpower. My friend from Alabama
[Mr. King] has gone into an argument to show
that the treaty-making power cannot consistently
act on the subject here. 1 had supposed that the
Senate might pass resolutions, or might pass some
act in relation to the subject; but I am not disposed
to argue the matter at all. That is the subject
matter of this petition, and that is the prayer of
the petition itself, and it is therefore the proper di-
rection. It is for that committee to consider when
it gets there, and not in advance, whether it is
within the legitimate scope of their power. But
it is quite immaterial to me to which committee it
is sent.
Now, one word in answer to the remark which
has fallen from the honorable Senatof from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] Sir, 1 did not repeat,
after he had denied, as he says, anything concern-
ing that petition. I merely said what he had not
denied. He denied that there was anything in
the petition itself to indicate that it came from
Friends.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) Or that I said any-
thing.
Mr. DAYTON. Or that he Paid anything. I
neither said that there was anything in the peti-
tion, or that the honorable Senator said anything
to indicate that it came from Friends; but I did
say that, in connection with that petition, accord-
ing to my memory, a letter was sent by him to
the Chair and read; and that not only was the
letter in the plain language of Friends, but it stated
too that some of the names were obtained at the
Quarterly Meeting of Friends. That is my recol-
lection of it, and I know that, in connection with
that letter, it was treated in the chamber as a me-
morial from the Society of Friends, and uncontio-
verted by the Senator who presented it. He said
nothing on the subject. That was the impression
made, not only in this chamber, but m the com-
munity also. Evei y newspaper referring to this
memorial has treated it as a memorial presented
from Quakers. My friend from North Carolina
has just placed in my hand a newspaper of this,
morning, in which the reporter, speaking on this
subject, says: The Quaker petition was finally
rejected by a vote of three to fifty; the three votes
for the reception bcin2," &c. So the.petition is
treated by the newspapers as it was treated and
understood by the Senate, and as it has been gen-
erally understood and treated by the community.
I will not, however, trespass further on the time
of the Senate, but move the reference of this
memorial to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The memorial was so referred.
MEMORIALS ON SLAVERY.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand a memorial
from the Association of Friends of the city of
Philadelphia, for promoting: the abolition of sla-
very and improving the condition of free people of
color, praying Congress to pass a law to prohibit
the exportation of slaves from or importation into
any port of the United States; and that Congress
will use all the means m its power to abolish slavery
throughout the land. This forms part of a report
of a meeting held on the subject, and is signed, on
behalf of the association, by Jacob M. Ellis and
Lydia Giliingham, clerks of the meeting. [Laugh-
ter.]
I have a number more of the same sort, and as
they all come within the " usage," I will present
them all together.
They are as follows:
A petition, signed by eighty-seven citizens of
Pennsylvania and Delaware, asking such a
change of the Constitution as shall abolish slavery
throughout the Union in a manner consistent with
justice and the rights and interests of all.
Also, a petition, signed by ninety inhabitants of
Pennsylvania and Delaware, for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Also, a petition, signed by one hundred and
forty women of WeathersfieJd, m the State of!
New York, asking Congress to prevent the further
extension of slavery, to withdraw the protection
of the American flag from the slave trade, arid to
suppress it effectually where Congress has juris-
diction.
Also, six petitions, signed by inhabitants of
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Also, five petitions, numerously signed by citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking that Congress, by a
change of the Constitution or some other way,
would devise a plan for the abolition of slavery
throughout the United States, or relieve the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania from all responsibility of aid-
ing in its support.
Also, a petition signed by 1,475 women of Do-
ver, New Hampshire, for the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade huhe District of Columbia and
the slave trede between the States.
I believe I have now discharged myself of all the
petitions of that kind that I have received.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I want to know
if the Senator from New Hampshire knows the
signatures attached to those memorials, and if he
avers these to be real signatures ?
Mr. HALE. I cannot say that I know the
names of all the individual signers; but I know
the handwriting of some of those by whom they
are transmitted to me.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. I asked the other
day for the reading of the parliamentary rule,
with a view to have it enforced. .
Mr. HALE. I should like to have it enforced.
Mr. BADGER. I move to lay the question of
reception of these petitions on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PHONOTYPY.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts, said he had a
petition to present, pretty numerously signed,
which he would send to the Chair and have read,
as it would better explain itself than he could do.
It was read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of the United States, respect-
fully petition Congress to pass a law by which the speeches
and reports of both Houses shall be printed in phonotypy, a
legible and accurate system of printing by sound; which,
after a prolonged examination, has received the unanimous
appioval ot a committee of the American Academy of Arts
and Sciences, and by means of which the one million of
white pert-ons m this country over five years of age unable
to read or wnte can learn to do both in one-fifteenth of the
usual tunc.
Mr. DAVIS. I am somewhat at a loss to know-
to what committee to refer this petition. 1 think,
however, I cannot give it a more appropriate di-
rection than to ask that it may go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr, BORLAND. I hope it may not be sent to
us, for we have had a petition of this sort before
us which we could not read, and it would be use-
less to send us another unless we are supplied
with an interpreter. It is suggested that it be sent
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, as it has
to do with foreign languages. [Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. I shall object to a reference to
anv committee, for, if I understand it, it is to in-
crease the sound or notse of our debates. I think
we can do that perfectly, without referring this
petition to any committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator seems to be in pre-
cisely the same condition that I admit myself to
be in, inability to read the characters. Neverthe-
less, this mode of printing seems to be recom-
mended to Congress as possessing great advan-
tages, and if this petition is not to go to the Com-
mittee cn Printing, I would suggest that it may
go to the learned Committee on the Library. The
petition was so referred.
OBSERVATORY IN ALABAMA.
Mr. KING. I have received a memorial from
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama,
m which they set forth that an observatory, of a
supei ior order, has been erected in connection with
the University of Alabama. They describe the
building as being of the most commodious char-
acter. They have a telescope constructed in Lon-
don, and believed to be the third only in excellence
to any in the United States. There is none to
surpass it, except those at Washington and Cin-
cinnati. They ask, m consequence of their in-
ability to make observations for the promotion of
science, that the Secretary of the Navy may be
authorized to station two or three midshipmen
there to aid jn the necessary observations. The
object being a scientific one, and the Secretary of
the Navy having no power to act in the matter,
without some action on the part of the Senate, I
move that the memorial be received and printed,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affaiis. It was so referred.
ADDITIONAL MEMORIALS.
Mr. W ALKER presented a memorial of citizens
of Fond du Lac county, Wisconsin, asking that
