1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
365
the public lands may be granted to actual settlers
not possessed of other lands, wheth'er native citi-
zens or foreigners; which w%s referred to the
Cominiitee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, asking the adoption of measures for the
amicable adjustment of all international contro-
versies; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted a document relating,
to the claim of Oliver Tucker, a revolutionary sol-
dier, to a pension j which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
THE COMPROMISE.
The' Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the series of resolutions pre-
sented by Mr. Clay.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, resumed and con-
cluded the speech which he commenced yesterday.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DOWNS next obtained the floor, and said:
I believe, sir, that the hour of adjournment has ar-
rived.
Mr. P00TE. I hope that this subject will be
passed by, and that we shall proceed with some
other business.
Mr. BADGER. I will move a postponement of
this subject until Monday'next; and I hope that
there will be an understanding that the Senate will
meet to-morrow for.the purpose of having an Ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. DOWNS. I was going to make a motion
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until to-morrow, and I shall then have occa-
sion to ask the indulgence of the Senate while I
submit some remarks in relation to it; but I will
cheerfully acquiesce in the motion made by the
Senator from North Carolina for a postponement
of it until Monday.
The motion to postpone to Monday was agreed
to.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the message of
the President of the United States in relation to
California was then taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. According to the
understanding of the Chair, the motion that was
made by the Senator from Illinois to refer the mes-
sage to the Committee on Territories is first in
order.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 believe I understood the Sena-
tor from Missouri as acceding to the suggestion of
the Chair that a part of his motion was unparlia-
mentary, and therefore not in order; and it was
under this impression that the motion which was
submitted by me was made. There is certainly no
motion now pending except the motion of the
Senator from Illinois and my own.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
decide that the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri could not be entertained, although the Chair
did say that there was a part of the motion'of that
Senator which it was deemed by the Chair could
only be entertained by the unanimous consent of
the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I simply desire to say, that
if it is the wish of the Senate to refer this matter,
together with all the other propositions which
have been introduced in relation to this subject
the bill of the Senator from Missouri, that of the
Senator from Mississippi, and all other proposi-
tions relating to the subject—in the hope of effect-
in°" a compromise of the whole question; if that is
the desire of the Senate, I do not wish to interpose
any objection to the reference of the subject to a
select committee. My own Opinion is, under ex-
isting circumstances, that it would be better to
brin - in this California bill by itself; therefore I
made the motion to refer the'message to the Com-
mittee Oil the Territories, for the purpose of bring-
ing that by itself to the consideration of that com-
mittee. If, however, the Senate desire to bring
the other propositions under consideration at the
same time, whilst I shall not vote for it, I shall m-
teTheevl°C°E PRESIDENT. The question will
be first on the motion to refer to the Committee on
the Territories. . .
Mr CLAtf. Is there any proposition now
pending to refer this and all other matters of a sim-
ilar character to a committee? There was an inti-
mation of such a motion, but I was not aware that
such a motion had been made.
Mr. FOOTE. The motion which I submitted
was laid upon the table, and is published with the
proceedings of the Senate. I would like to have it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
referring the message of the President to the Com-
mittee on Territories, that being a standing com-
mittee.
Mr. CLAY. Well, if the proposition be to re-
fer the President's message to the Commitee on
the Territories, 1 shall with great pleasure vote for
the proposition. But I do not think it would be
right to embrace in a general motion the question
of the admission of California and all the other
subjects which are treated of by the resolutions
upon the table—the subject, for example, of the
establishment of territorial governments, the sub-
ject of the establishment of a boundary line for
Texas, and the proposition to compensate Texas
for the surrender of territory. I say, sir, Ido not
think it would be right to confound or to combine
all these subjects, and to throw them before one
committee to be acted upon together. I think the
subject of the admission of California ought to be
kept separate and distinct, although, for one, I
should have no objection, that questiou being sep-
arated from the residue of-the subject, that the res-
olutions and the rest of the propositions that are
before the Senate, so far as regards those which
have a kindred or common nature,should be re-
ferred at the proper time to a committee, to be
acted upon together, but I think the time has not
yet arrived for such a reference.
Sir, there are three or four members of Congress
who have come here all the way from the Pacific
with a constitution purporting to be the constitu-
tion of a State which is seeking to be admitted as
a member of this Union. Now, sir, is it light to
subject them to all the delay, the uncertainty, the
procrastination which must inevitably result from
the combination of all these subjects, and a refer-
ence of them to one committee, and to wait until
that committee shall have adjudged the whole ? 1
think not. I am not now arguing whether Califor-
nia ought or ought not to be admitted; whether
she ought or ought not to be admitted with the
boundary which she proposes, or with any other
boundary; but I am contending that—considering
the circumstances under which her representation
presents itself to Congtess, under the circumstan-
ces that when they left their homes, perhaps,
nothing on earth was further from their expecta-
tion than that there would be the s ightest im-
pediment or obstacle to their admission—and m
consideration of thecondition inwhich these gentle-
men are placed who are here in attendance in the
lobbies of these halls, it seems to me that we
should decide, and decide as promptly as we can
consistently with just and proper deliberation. I
think the question of the admission of California
is one which stands by itself, and that it should be
kept disconnected with the other resolutions.
Entertaining th<?se views of the I shall
vote for the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois for the reference to the Committee on Terri-
tories, or to any other committee to which its ref-
erence may be appropriate.
Mr. FOOTE. I must be permitted to express
the unbounded astonishment which I feel at the
course which has been pursued by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky upon this occasion. That
Senator some weeks ago took the lead in urging
upon this body and the country the consideration
of a general scheme of pacification and compromise.
He introduced resolutions here, which he debated
most formally and eloquently in our hearing for
two (lays, which resolutions purported to have in
view the early and definitive adjustment of all the
questions arising out of the subject of domestic
slavery. Yes, sir, the preamble to his resolutions,
in so many woids, declared that it was " desirable
' for the peace, harmony, and concord of the Union
< of these States, to settle and adjust amicably all
'existing questions of controversy between them,
' arising out of the institution of slavery, upon a
' fair, equitable, and just basis;" and, in accordance
with thisgeneraldeclaration, the resolutions which
succeeded the preamble of the honorable gentleman
were so drawn as to cover the whole ground of
controversy understood to be occupied by tile pro-
slavery and anti-slavery disputants of the country,
j including the proposition to admit California, with
| " suitable limits," into the Union.
I The speech and conversations of the honorable
Senator were understood, as I belfeve, by us all—
certainly I so understood them—as contemplating
the provision of some plan for the complete and
permanent settlement of all the questions arising out
of the institution of slavery; and assuredly the
honorable Senator has been understood by the,
newspapers of the country to have declared him-
self opposed to the adoption' of any partial or lim-
ited measure of settlement whatever; as opposed
to any settlement which, whilst adjusting one or
more of the points in controversy, would still leave
others open and unadjusted, from the agitation of
which fresh excitement might spring up, and the
dangers which now so fearfully menace the Union
be kept in active existence. He was even specially
commended in the columns of the Union of this
city (a paper not much in the habit of commending
him) for the wise and provident totality of his
scheme of adjustment. The speech of the honor-
able Senator is before me, and I will read from it
an extract or two, which I think all will admit to
be of the character which I have attributed to it.
The honorable Senator, in his speech, after a very
striking exhibition of the perils in which the Re-
public is involved at this period of our history,
and after describing to us, in a manner quite solemn
and imposing, the elaborate preparation which he
had made for executing the task which was then
in process of execution, says :
" I have cut myself off from ail the usua enjoyments of
social hfi'. I have confined myself almost exclusively to
my own chamber; and, from the beginning of die session
up to this time, my thoughts have been anxiously directed
to the object of finding some plan, of propo&ing some mode
of accommodation, which should once moie restore the
blessings of concord, harmony, and peace to this great
country."
After a few intervening sentences, entirely ac-
cording with those already cited, the honorable
Senator says:
" When I caine to consider this subject, theie.we/e two
or till ee general purposes which seemed to me most desi
rable, if possible, to accomplish. The one wa?, to settle all
the Lonhoveitcd questions gtvwinz, out vf Ikesuhjcct of slavery;
and il seemed to mc to be doing lint little if we settled one
question and left other disturbing questions unmljustid. it
seemed lo me to be doing lint little it we stopped one leas
onlv in the ship of State, and loft other leaks capable of pro-
ducing danger, if not destruction to the vessel. I thereloie
tinned mv intention to every subject connected with the in-
stitution of slavery, and out of which controverted questions
have sprung up, to see it it were p-.s-ible or piaetieablc to
accommodate and adjust the whole of them. Anotln r prin-
cipal object which attracted my attention was to endt avor
to Iraine such a scheme ot accommodation an that neither of
the classes oj States into'which our country is unhappily divi-
ded should make a sacrifice of any great principle."
Again, the honorable Senator says:
"It appeared to me, then, that if any arrangement, any
satisfactory adjustment, could lie made ol the controverted
questions between the two classes of States, that adjust-
ment, that anangement, could only be successful and effect-
ual by exacting from both parties some ooticcssion, not of
principle, not of principle at all, but of fueling, of opinion, ■
in relation to the matter in controversy between them."
Such is the language of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky in this speech—which was the
fruit of much meditation and severe preparation,
and which has been published and circulated by
thousands and tens of thousands all over the Re-
public. Who could have divined that in a few-
short days the honorable Senator from Kentucky
would undergo such an astonishing change in all
his views upon this important subject as most
manifestly he has done.
A proposition is now before us to refer to the
Committee on Territories the President's message
( and accompanying documents—which documents
i are the State constitution of California, together
I with the credentials of the Senators elect. This
I respectable Committee on Territories is well
' known to be so constituted that, if the proposed
reference be made, we shall infallibly have a bill
reported to us, without the least delay, for the
admission of California as a State, and the conse-
quent introduction of her Senators upon this floor
and of her Representative into the other House;
and we find the honorable Senator from .Kentucky
supporting this proposition, and supporting it, too,
in language indicative of his willingness at once
to aid m consummating this act of admission, as a
separate and substantive measure—not as part ot a
general plan of compromise and adjustment—(of
which I should not complain)—but, I repeat, as a
separate and distinct measure, to go into effect whilst
all the other questions growing out of the institu-
tion of slavery remain wholly unadjusted, and be-
fore any general scheme of comptomise has been
agreed upon in either house of Congress. All must
