1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
vote by which the bill had been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. M. said, he had made the motion to recon-
sider, in order that he might have an opportunity
of submitting a few remarks on this bill. He re-
garded it as one of the most important measures
that had ever been brought to the consideration of
Congress, and while some three or four speeches
had been made in favor of taking the public lands
of this Government for the purpose of making pen-
sioners and voters, not a word on the other side of
the question had yet been heard.
He expressed a strong desire to see the cogent
reasons put forth by the committee in favor of this
monstrous sysfem of corruption, by giving away
the public property for the purpose of making
voters. Gentlemen who weie never willing to
vote a single- dollar for the payment of the just
debts of the Government, felt no kind of hesitation
about taking the public domain, and converting it
into a great political machine for the manufacture
of votes. And what reason was there for this
great display of liberality, when every citizen had
the right of obtaining a homestead for a dollar and
a quarter an acre? Tnis new scheme might do well
enough as long as the public lands last. We may
goon and buy men for the consideration of one hun-
dred and sixty acres. But what was to bedone when
these public lauds shall have been exhausted by
this process? He declared his inability to understand
this thing in any other light than that in which he
had presented it. It was a system of humbugging
which he would always make a point of opposing.
There was a little too much of this going forward,
in the name of the dear people, and p fessedly
for their benefit.. He was as much a friend of the
people as any gentleman on this floor. But no
man could shut his eyes to the fact, that this is one
of thegtossest schemes for corrupting the people
which had ever been devised. And he could not
avoid expressing his regret to see even a distin-
guished Senator acting in a manner so unworthy
of his station, as to lend his sanction to this scheme
of giving away the public money out of the Treas-
ury, by distributing the public lands, which is the
game as giving money, without any consideration.
The system under which we have for some
time acted was a good one. We have reduced
the price of the public lands to $1 25 the acre.
He was willing to reduce the price still lower, in
order to give every honest man an opportunity to
obtain a home. But he was not disposed to place
the public lands in the possession of every unprin-
cipled, loafing scoundrel who might choose to take
them. Any man has it in his power to obtain as
much as he likes of these public lands at $1 25 the
acre. .And if it was deemed necessary to make
the price still lower—and he admitted that there
were lands in the State of Louisiana not worth
twenty-five cents an acre—why, he was willing
to reduce the price, and to go before his constitu-
ents on that vote. But he was opposed to this
mode of giving away money out of the public
Treasury. Any one who desires to obtain one
hundied and sixty acres of these lands can obtain
them at an easy rate.
He reminded the House that thepublic lands had
been pledged to pay the debts incurred in the pro-
secution of the war with Mexico. The money was
borrowed for the purpose of carrying on that war,
and he was not disposed to give away the lands
which were thus pledged. We have had above
twenty propositions here and in the other House,
to give away these lands for the benefit of the dear
people, and for the benefit of his people among the
rtst. if there were honest men who desired to
settle on the public lands, they should buy them,
and not come here in the attitude of beggars; and
he assured such persons that they would never get
any of these lands by his vote.
When the proposition was made here to contrib-
ute to the relief of the starving people of Ireland,
he had felt himself compelled, with great reluc-
tance, to giv6 his vote against the bill, because he
beheved that we were gent here to carry on the le-
gitimate business of the Government, and that we
had no constitutional power to appropriate any of
the public money to such an object, T^le adverted
to other cases also, which had a strong claim on
the sympathies of Congress, but which had been
opposed by di&tmguisned members on the same
ground.
He expressed a hope that the bill and the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] would be printed. The wrong of
the bill, in giving the fee simple of one hundred
and sixty acres of land to every citizen who was
the head of a family, consisted in taking a certain
amount out of the public Treasury. The property,
once transferred to the settler, becomes subject to
the debts of the individual. . The Government can
exercise no further control over it. Out of our
great love and admiration for the dear people, we
give them these lands; and, as soon as an individual
under this law enters on the land he has selected
for cultivation, he becomes free to do as he pleases
with the property.
The plan of the gentleman from Mississippi
was constructed for the purpose of making voters,
so long as a man, or his son, or his son's son,
may remain a settler on the property. He is
placed in the possession of the land, but he is not
the owner. He may incur debts, but the land on
which he lives is not responsible for those debts,
as it would be were he the bona fide owner. This
plan makes him a pensioner of the Government.
He may be a rascal and a swindler, or he may
turn out the real Simon Pure.
In every view, he asked, if it was possible
that the House did not discover in this plan the
most monstrous system of corruption that had
ever been attempted since the commencement of
our Government? He was not desirous of pro-
tracting this debate; but he was desirous to make
some motion which would have the effect of put-
ting an end to it for the present. He proposed to
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed to a certain day. If he moved to post-
pone the bill until the 4th of March, 1851, he
wished to ask of the Chair if that motion would
be debatable ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until the 3d of
March next, is not debatable
Mr. MORSE, Will debate be in order if I move
to postpone until the 6th of March ?
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained.
Mr. MORSE. 1 move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD appealed to the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] to withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. MORSE withdrew, for the purpose, hesaid,
of allowing the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Hubbard] to make an explanation.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked, that he was willing
to enier upon this discussion with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and all of
those who opposed reducing and graduating those
public lands, so as to do justice between citizen
and citizen. He, therefore, wished no vote taken
which would prevent a thorough investigation of
the whole land system of the United States.
There was no part of the policy heretofore pur-
tued by the Government in disposing of the pub-
ic lands which was wi^e and statesman-like, ex-
cept the policy of surveying them properly.
The fiust method adopted was to sell them on
long credits, of five years; and then they were sold
at such enormous prices that payments were never
made—say $20, $40, $60, and in some cases $100
per acre were bid at the sales. These prices ruined
the country, and never could be paid. The Gov-
ernment then was carried to tfie opposite extreme,
and fixed the price of the public lands all at one
price: one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, as
well for the best rich bottom land,as for the poor-
est wire-grass pine barrens. Was this just and
upright? Was theie a man here from any of the
older States who would pretend that it was just?
You all know (said Mr. H.) that it is not. Then,
what excuse have you for not altering the mode,
and doing justice?
Mr. H. further argued, that a policy could be
adopted just in itself to all, by graduating the
lands according to quality of soil, to be judged of
by the time it had been in market—securing, in
all cases, the rights of occupants at each grade of
reduction from being removed by any other buyer,
and prohibiting forever any one from buying up
Urge tracts*
[Mr. H. spoke at some length. His remarks
will be published more fully in the Appendix.]
Mr. FOWLER (before Mr. H. had concluded
the remarks he intended to submit) interposed to
a point of order. Mr. F. submitted that the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] had yielded
the floor to the gentleman from Alabama, {Mr.
Hubbard] for an explanation, and not for a
speech.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and the Chair must sustain it. The Chair
has repeatedly ruled, and does now, that where
the floor is yielded for the purpose of explanation,
it is not in order lo go into any general remarks.
Some conversation followed between Messrs,
JONES, HUBBARD, and the SPEAKER.
Mr. HUBBARD. Well, I hope that the House
will give this subject such a direction, as that a
fair investigation may be made into the best method
of disposing of the public lands.
Mr. MORSE took the floor, and moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; but yielded
to—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, who said: Mr.
Chairman, the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Morse,] in the progress of h 3 remarks, was un-
derstood by me to assume the ground that my
proposition is unconstitutional. 1 did not, as you.
know, Mr. Speaker, undertake to explain, much
less to vindicate that proposition. Its provisions
are so few and so simple, that it may be well left
to speak its own vindication, even against the fu-
rious assault of the honorable gentleman.
It proposes simply to perpetuate a law which
has stood for years on your statute book, an hon-
orable monument to the wisdom and justice of
Congress. To-day, for the first time, it has been
discovered to be unconstitutional. The preemp-
tion law struggled into existence against the com-
bined opposition of many of the first minds in the
country. It has received the repeated sanction of
Congress, and to-day 1 know of no man from the
new States who desires its repeal, or who has the
boldness to avow such desire if he feels it. In-
stead of limiting the right of the preemptor to one
year or two years, i simply propose to perpet-
uate that right, and this is the measure whicn the
astute gentleman from Louisiana says is uncon-
stitutional. I shall not stop to vindicate the meas-
ure from such a charge. The Government has
full power to dispose of the public lands, and in the
exercise of this power, it has irom time to time
reduced ihe price, and in many hundred instances
given them away.
I ask the honorable gentleman if the act by
which five hundred thousand acres of the public
lands were given to the State of Louisiana, was
unconstitutional? Were the various acts giving
lands to the States, Louisianaamong the ft&t, /or ed-
ucational purposes, unconstitutional? Did the hon-
orable gentleman violate the Constitution last year,
when he voted to give to his own fctate hve mil-
lions of the public lands for works of internal im-
provement? Did we all violate the Constitution
the other day, when we voted bounty lands to the.
soldiers of the last war with Great britam and all
our Indian wars ?
iNo one knows better than the honorable gentle-
man, that this Government has habitually given
away the public lands—given them to ihe States
for internal-improvement purposes; given them to
establish colleges and primary school; giveu t^em
to railroad and canal companies; given theui to
States and to soulless corporations, for almost
every conceivable purpose; and all trus has been
done within the Constitution; but now, sir, when
it is proposed to allow the humble citizen to reside
on these lands, tile gentleman starts Uj  as ihuugh
he had just descenued irom anomer world, and
startles us with a declaration that we aie violating
ihe Constitution.
it has pleased the honorable member to denomi-
nate this as a villainous measuie; and with great
emphasis he declares, that us supporteis are
demagogues, it will not surprise you or others,
Mr. Speaker, if i speak warmly m reply to lan-
guage like this. The gentleman was pleased to
extract the poison from his sang, by dtclarmg
that he used these woids in no offensive sense,
In reply, I shall speak plainly, but within the rules
of decorum.
Demagoguing"—" demagoguing," says the
honorable gentleman, " for the votea of the low,
lii bred vagrants and vagabonds," *Sir, tins is
strange language, coming trom that quamr. £
know sonKtmng of the gentleman's cun&uiuents.
Many of the best oi them aie of this despised
cast; many of them are the low, lh-bred vaga-
bonds, of which the gentleman has been speaking.
