THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
perceive that the admission of California, in the
hasty,and objectionable mode now proposed, will
necessarily have the effect of strengthening the
North at the expense of the South—of multiplying
the number of votes in both Houses of Congress
adverse to the South upon all the pending questions
involved' in the subject of slavery; at least, ap-
pearances sre such that we cannot but believe that
this would be the result of immediate admission,;
and yet-the honorable Senator from Kentucky
now declaresjhiwself in favor of such admission.
jsTow he tells us that he " thinks that the question
of the admission of. California should stand itself,
and should stand unconnected with the other sub-
jects of his resolutions." Yes, sir, and he urges
that we should " decide, and decide as promptly
as we can," this grave question of admission.
"The honorable Senator is perfectly willing that
this subject should be referred to the Committee
on Territories; because, he says, " if it go there,
he has no doubt it will go into safe hands;" in
other words, that no delay whatever will occur m
consummating this perilous scheme. Let me
respectfully propound to the honorable Senator
one or two interrogatories. Can he believe that it
is just to the South, or safe for the Union of these
States, or seemly in itself, or consistent with his
own -former declarations already cited by me, thus
to precipitate action upon the question of ad-
mission?" Is his present conduct in accordance
with his solemn avowal, when he first debated
this matter in the Senate, that he deemed it desir-
able to accomplish " the settlement of all the con-
troverted questions arising out of th^ subject of
slavery by means of 'some plan' which should
once more restore the blessings of concord, har-
mony, and pence to this great country r" Does he
yet think, as he some time ago thought, that it is
" doing very little if we settle one question and
t leave tfce other disturbing questions unadjusted ?"
Does he yet think that " it would be doin^ but
little if we stop one leak only in the ship of btate,
and leave other leaks capable of producing dan-
ger, if not destruction to the vessel?" Is he still
of opinion, as he formally avowed himself to be,
that " if any arrangement, any satisfactory ad-
justment, could be made of the controverted ques-
tions between the two classes of States, that adjust-
ment, that arrangement, could only be successful
by exacting from both parties some concession"
in relation to the matters m controversy between
them ? Does not the Senator from Kentucky per-
ceive, what seems to me to be too plain for doubt,
that this breaking up of the totality of his own and
other schemes of adjustment must be infallibly
£ reductive of the most mischievous consequences'
toes he not perceive that this separate act of ad-
mission, now urged upon us, will not only not
ei-ntribute to the ultimate adoption of any general
plan of pacification, but that it must certainly de-
feat all hope of any such plan being hereafter
adopted at all ? Does he see, or can he pomt out,
anything in this measure of admission which
even squints towards " concessions" on the part
of the North? Will it not be viewed, and
justly viewed by the southern States, as a gross,
unfeeling, insulting attempt to betray and trample
under foot their dearest and most vital interests,
and to involve them in dangers, in degradation,
and, perchance, in ruin ? Is it by this measure, or
by any such partial measure as this, that all the
leaks in the vessel of State are to be stopped ? Is
this,in fact,anything more than a bungling attempt
to stop a single leak, at the hazard not only of
" leaving other leaks capable of producing danger,
if not destruction to the vessel," but of so widening
all of them except the one which it is proposeu to
close, as inevitably to let in the submerging waters
through the yawning ciannies of despair? Indeed,
sir, I am grieved—I am mortified—I am surprised
at the present course of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. The persecuted South has looked
to him as to one of her safest, most influential and
distinguished sons, in this moment of her peril
and of perplexity; she has looked to him, as she
had a right to do, for kindly sympathy, for sound
counsel,and efficient aid; but alas! alas! I fear,
from this morning's exhibition, she is fated to look
in vain. How shall we account for the honorable
Senator's change of opinion and action upon this
important subject? Is it that the scales of error
have been made to drop from his eyelids by the
first glimpse of this uncertified, unauthenticated
constitution of California? Has his mind become
suddenly illuminated by special interviews with the
worthy and intelligent gentlemen, Senators and
Representatives, who have lately arrived among
us from the far-off coast of the Pacific? Sir, in
this age- of wonders—ijr this generation of ours,
so remarkable for changes of all sorts; opinions
included—1 know of nothing so remarkable, so
astonishing, so lamentable, as this wondrous met-
amorphosis, through which the honorable Senator
from Kentucky seems to have so rapidly passed,
touching this great matter of adjusting all the
questions growing out of the institution of slavery
by one conjoint and comprehensive scheme oj com-
promise, ' I hope he will explain this affair satis-
factorily, and that h<? will have no cause for reg.et
and self-condemnation hereafter.
But 1 must say, sir, and I say it most seriously,
too, that if California is admitted into the Union,
except m conformity with some liberal and equi-
table plan of pacification and compromise, the
vessel of State will be certainly found to have
sprung a new leak, and she will suddenly go
down amid the roaring billows that surround her,
never more to be seen majestically riding the sur-
face of ocean, and bearing onward and aloft that
sacred banner of freedom which has for so many
glorious years been seen streaming from her
mast-head. Yes, sir, I have examined this sub-
ject m all its bearings—I have studied public sen-
timent in the South closely and perseveringly;
I am certain that I understand the present conui-
tion of things in the southern section of the con-
federacy; and I have no hesitation in declaring-it
as my solemn dispassionate conviction, that if
California is dragged into the Union in the mode
now proposed, the southern States of the Confed-
eracy will feel that all hope of fraternal compro-
mise has become extinct, and that such intolerable
oppression has been already imposed upon them
as to justify, nay, to demand secession trom the
Union, m order to save themselves from evils still
worse than disunion itself. How any man, who
knows that various sovereign States have so de-
claied, in the most formal and deliberate manner,
and that all the Slates of the South have very
clearly indicated their approbation of this course,
can doubt this result 1 am not able to compre-
hend. I am not now urging disunion as a remedy
for present grievances; 1 am not authorized in my
official capacity here to do so; and I can honestly
declare that nothing but dire necessity could, in
my judgment, justify a resort to an expedient so
extreme. And yet 1 do believe that the Con-
gressional legislation so long threatened, and at
this time as fiercely threatened as ever on the
subject of slavery, will, when it shall occur, be
productive of that very state of things; a state
of intolerable oppression, which, according to
Andrew Jackson himself, whose love for the
Union no one can question, would justify seces-
sion, not as a constitutional, but as a revolutionary
remedy.
Why, sir, if the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky will take the trouble to hold converse with
the honorable Senator from Georgia, who sits
nearest to him, for a moment, he will find that the
gallant and patriotic Siaie which the gentleman le-
lerred to so worthily repiesenis here, has already
taken her stand ill regard to this very measure; and
I must think that he labors under a most serious
misapprehension in regard to her if he supposes
that she will ever so far dishonor herself as to re-
cede a hair's breadth from the position which she
occupies. I confess myself at a loss to understand
how the honorable Senator from Kentucky could
be induced, as he has been, to urge this matter upon
our attention as one proper for immediate adop-
tion. But I will endeavor to explain the origin of
the whole movement as well as 1 can, by mention-
ing one or two facts which are known lo me, and
which perhaps are not quite as well known or as
fully appreciated by some other members of the
Senate. I shall b.e quite specific, Mr. President—
I shall use the plainest and strongest language
which I can employ consistently with the rules of
parliamentary courtesy. I hope not to disturb
unduly the sensibilities of any one present. 1 hope
especially that the honorable Senator over the way
[Mr. Benton] will not grow at all restive under
my explanations. 1 trust that he may be able to
keep his temper, and to retain his seat among us
as long as 1 may continue to occupy the attention
of the Senate. Indeed I should feel most se-
riously aggrieved were that honorable gentle-
man again, as on a former occasion, to grow
uneasy under my strictures, and be seen again
precipitately to fly our presence. He seems to sit
quietly enough, and, in the hope of engaging his
patient audience, I will proceed.' As a prelimi-
nary remark, I beg leave to say, that it has ever
been my opinion that God, in bestowing upon his
creatures certain faculties, designed that they
should all be, as far as possible, usefully employed.
There is perhaps no other faculty so important to
man's happiness as that of vision. Indeed, 1 en-
tirely agree with Mr. Addison when he says:
','Our sight is the most perfect and most delightful
' of all our senses. It fills the mind with the
' largest variety of ideas, converses with its ob-
' jects at the greatest distance, and continues the
' longest in action without being tired or satiated
with its pioper. enjoyments." But this is not
all, sir; by the proper exercise of this faculty of
our nature, we are not only able to receive
pleasures innumerable, but to ward off dangers
innumerable too, and guard against surprises from
the designing and the selfish. Though it is a
melancholy fact that my own power of vision is
by no means perfect, yet 1 labor to supply all ac-
tual deficiency in this respect by the extreme of
vigilance—being mindful of the wisdom of the
legal proverb—vigilantibus, non dormienlibus, leges
adjuvant.
Well, sir, by good or ill fortune, it did so hap-
pen, on the day before yesterday, that, looking
about this chamber to see what was going on
therein, (for, without being exactly a spy upon
my brother Senators, I have for a year or two
past deemed it sound policy to exercise much
watchfulness in regard to the movements of par-
ticular members of the body)—I say that, in
glancing around this hall for the purpose named,
i I did see a certain Senator, who sits just to my
; left, [Mr. Benton,] glide across the chamber to
' the seat usually occupied by the Senator from
I New York, [Mr. Seward,] and immediately
proximate to that of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] So unusual an appari-
tion awakened my surprise, and aroused the
speculative principle of my mind to action. It
was not long befoie 1 was able to say to a
friend: " Rest assured there is some scheme on
foot for the betrayal of the South. I should not -
be at all surprised if ere long we witnessed an
attempt to smuggle California into the Union." I
say smuggle, sir, and I mean precisely what I say,
intending to cast no reflection whatever upon the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, whoni I do
not even suspect of illicit or improper motives of
action. Well, sir, it is surprising how soon my
appiehension on this point was realized.
On yesterday, when the message of the Presi-
dent now under consideration came in, the mem-
ber from Missouri arose, and with that imposing
nasality of intonation for which he is at least as
much distinguished as for his learning or elo-
quence, he proceeded to say that he had expected
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
would have moved to refer the message and ac-
companying documents to a special committee;
insinuating that an understanding to that effect ex-
isted between the honorable Senator from Ken-
! tucky and himself. The Senator from Kentucky
' seemed not to be altogether surprised by this, but
: alleged that, whilst quite willing to serve, if ap-
j pointed, upon such a committee as the one pro-
| posed to be raised, he must decline making the
[ motion. Wheieupon the Senator from Missouri,
who seemed resolutely bent upon accomplishing
his object, himself nrnved for a special committee,
and in total disiegard of parliamentary usage, went
so far as to name the honorable Senator from
Kentucky as the most suitable person for chair-
man of this special committee. Much to my
gratification—but certainly not at all to my sur-
prise—the honorable Senator from Kentucky man-
: lfested no eagerness whatever to become the mere
I agent of the gentleman moving in this business,
: for a purpose so censurable. 1 thought it best to
! move a postponement of the whole affair until to-
j day; and now it appears that the honorabl#Seria-
' tors from Kentucky and Missouri have at last
I agreed heattily to cooperate m this magnificent
enterprise. **
I Well, sir, I at least may honestly avow perfect
{ disinterestedness of motive m regard to this curious
i affair, having no father, brother, or son-in-law to be
I specially benefited by the result of this effort to
