THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Many, very many, of them are squatters on the
public lands. Sir, I should like to hear the hon-
orable gentleman making the same speech in one
of the upper parishes of Louisiana, which he has
this day pronounced in the American Congress.
I can well conceive how his honest constituents,
the squatters, would stare and wonder, to hear a
gentleman, so bland and courteous last year, now
go harsh and cruel. Yes, sir, the gentleman's
squatter constituents would stand aghast to hear
the Representative denouncing them as a dirty,
ill-bred set of vagabonds and scoundrels—when
the candidate, with a face all wreathed in his
blandest smile, had told them they were the clev-
erest fellows in the world!
It may do very well, Mr. Speaker, for gentle-
men, when they come on to Washington, to get
upon stilts and talk after this fashion. It may
sound beautiful in the ears that are here to catch
the sound, thus to denounce a measure intended to
relieve the poor man's wants as villainous, and its
advocates as demagogues. But, sir, I take it upon
myself to say there is not a congressional district
in the West or Southwest where a candidate for
Congress would dare to use such language.
Sir, I know very well how popular electioneer-
ing canvasses are conducted, and bold and valiant
as the gentleman is, he would scarcely commit the
indiscretion of saying to any portion of the voters
in his district that they were an ill-bred set of
vagabonds, and if he did, they would hardly com-
mission him to repeat the expression in Congress.
Let me warn the gentleman that if the speech
made by him to day shall ever reach his constitu-
ents, it will sound his political death-knell. If I 
owed the gentleman any ill-will, which I take this
occasion to say 1 do not, it would be my highest
hops that he would write out and print that speech
just as he delivered it. I should at least have a
comfortable assurance that the speech would be the
last of its kind.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have to repeat
that, notwithstanding the maledictions of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, 1 am still for this proposi-
tion; and though that gentleman may continue to
denounce the squatters on the public lands as a
worthless, ill-bred set of vagabonds, I am still their
friend. They are honest men, pure patriots, and
upright citizens. They are worthy of our care.
If the candidate can afford to flatter them for their
votes, the Representative should not skulk the re-
sponsibility of voting to protect their interests. I
hold but one language, and it shall be the language
of honest sincerity. I would scorn to flatter a
poor squatter for his vote in the swamps of Loui-
siana, and then stand up before the American Con-
gress as his Representative and denounce him as
a worthless vagabond.
Sir, if the men are worthless the women are not,
and I c>uld appeal to the well-known gallantry of
the honorable member to interpose in their behalf.
If you will do nothing for the ruder sex, interpose
the sirong arm of the law to shield the women and
children, at least, from the rude grasp of the ava-
ricious speculator. If a man be worthless, let the
appeal go up for his wife and little children. Se-
cure (hem a home, and that wife will make that
home hei castle. It will shelter her and her little
children from the rude blasts of winter, and the
rude blows ofa wicked world. She will toil there
for breui, and with her own hand plant a shrub,
perchance a flower. She will makfe it useful by
her industry, and adorn it by her ingenuity. Give
it to her, sir, and she wilt invoke such blessings
on your head a pious woman alone can ask.
1 thank the gentleman from Louisiana, not for
his speech, but for his courtesy in giving me a
part of his time in which to reply.
In the course of Mr. B's remarks—
Mr. FOWLER rose to a point of order. He
submitted, that the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] had spoken once on this question.
The SPEAKER said, that when the gentleman
first addressed the House, it was on the motion to
refer and to print, not on the motion to reconsider.
So the point of order was overruled.
Mr. B. bavin? concluded—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. MORSE earnestly appealed to Mr. S. to
withdraw the motion, to enable htm (Mr. M.) to
say a few words in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. McMULLEN claimed the floor, and also
appealed to Mr. Stanton to withdraw the mo-
tion.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. STANTON withdrew the motion.
Mr. McMULLEN (to whom the floor had
been awarded) rose for the purpose of making
a few remarks in reply to the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Morse.] He maintained that
the gentleman was not justified in the course of
argument which he had taken. While that gen-
tleman threw the charge of demagogism against
those who advocated thisbill, he was himself play-
ing the demagogue. He thanked the gentleman
from Mississippi for obtaining the floor when he
did, and for the prompt manner in which he had
replied to the gentleman from Louisiana. When
he saw gentlemen, who came here clothed with
a little brief congressional authority, standing up,
and speaking of the people as the gentleman from
Louisiana did; when he saw such expending all
their sympathies on those only who were born
with a silver spoon in their mouths, and opposing
all propositions the effect of which was to benefit
the poor and industrious citizen, he could scarcely
suppress his astonishment. He felt assured that
if the gentleman from Louisiana were in the State
of Louisiana, he would scarcely have the courage
to hold there the language which he held here.
He reminded the gentleman that the State of
Louisiana had received her share of the proceeds
of the public lands, and that she had also had her
share of the surplus revenue. The State of Vir-
ginia had scorned this proffered bribe. She had
not as yet received her share, and she will not ac-
cept it. But why were the laboring classes, the
poor citizens of Virginia to be denied the portion
of the public lands to which they were entitled ?
He would like to hear some good reason why
they should be thus excluded.
The operation of the present occupant law is
beneficial so far as it goes. But its benefits had
resulted rather to the rich than to the poor. The
bill now reported confers advantages on the poor
settler, and rescues the public domain from the
grasp of jobbers and pirates. He hoped the bill
would be permitted to speak fairly for itself to the
House. The amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Mississippi contemplates the extension
of the occupant law, for the benefit of every poor
man who is at the head of a family, and it was
for the House to decide between the two proposi-
tions.
But where was the evidence of corruption in this
bill? Would the gentleman from Louisiana point
out any clause in which it was to be found ? Was
there anything in it more corrupt or more uncon-
stitutional, than is to be found in all the bills grant-
ing donations of the public lands to States or com-
panies of individuals ? Were all those bills liable
to the charge of fraud and corruption? and if not,
in what respect is this bill more obnoxious to
such charges? The gentleman from Louisiana had
expressed his belief that these lands would fall into
the hands of rascals and swindlers. There might
be in the district of country which that gcnileman
represents, such a low and contemptible class of
persons as he describes; there was certainly none
such in the district which he (Mr. McM.) repre-
sented. If it could be shown that these lands were
only to be granted to persons who loaf about cities
and infest their suburbs, the apprehensions of the
gentleman from Lofusiana might be well founded.
But the bill is intended for the advantage of the
poor, laborious, and deserving citizen, who is the
head of a family, and who, with the aid of this
privilege, will be enabled to bring up his children,
and make them good citizens.
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and addressed the
Chair.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. McMullen.) Does
the gentleman from Virginia yield the floor?
Mr. McMULLEN. I will yield to my eolieague
for explanation.
Mr. BAYLY, remarking that he thought the
people had been sufficiently vindicated, moved to
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. McMULLEN". Has the gentleman the
right to make the motion? I ask my colleague, if
it is courteous toward me? I yielded the floor
for the purpose of explanation.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. McMullen.) It was
not necessary for the gentleman to yield the floor.
His colleague had the right to take the floor to
move to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table. The question is, Will the House proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table ?
Mr. MORSE hoped the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. B&yly] would not insist upon his mo-
tion, and prevent him from replying to the remarks
of gentlemen.
Mr. BAYLY said he felt it bis duty to make
the motion. But if the House thought proper to
allow the gentleman from Louisiana to proceed,
they could vote down the motion.
Mr. DANIEL inquired if a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole House upon the private
calendar would be in order?
The SPEAKER replied, that it would not be.
The only motion in older at this time was the
privileged motion to procecd to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. FOWLER. Will it be in order now to
move to lay this whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, be-
cause the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMul-
len] has the floor, and cannot be interrupted by
any other motion than the privileged motion which
is now made.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. McMULLEN resumed. He did not intend
to trespass on the attention of the House but a few
moments longer. The bill,as reported from the Com-
miitee on Agriculture, gives one hundredand sixty
acres to every head of a family, who, at the time of
the passage of this act, was not in the possession
of any la d. And it was proposed that this land
should inure to the widow of the settler, provided
that they held no lands at the passage of this law.
He would be happy to see this privilege extended
to eveiy citizen who could not command the
means of purchasing land. The bill contemplates
an extension of the general preemption system.
He was inclined to fnvor the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Mississippi. Was there
any constitutional difficulty which operated on the
mind of the gentleman from Louisiana ? If so, he
(Mr. McM.) was not able to discover it. The
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. HubbaiiD,] in his
remarks, had stated that the poor settlers are now-
driven from post to pillow, by the rapacity of land
speculators. There was no doubt that such a bill as
the one now under consideration would be satisfac-
tory to the people. If we were now to submit the
question to the people, the dear people, as the gen-
tleman from Louisiana called them, not less than
four-fifths of this great nation would be found to be
in favor of this bill, or some measure similar in
its character. At least, this was his oginion.
There appeared to him no good reason why the
old States should not participate in the benefits of
this bill. If the new States had a desire to appropri-
ate the public lands, there was no good reason why
the old States should not also come in for a share.
He was unable to see the distinction between the
bill which lately passed this House, giving bounty
lands to those who had rendered services to the
country, in the various wars in which we have
been engaged,and the present bill. There was no
difference in principle. Congress has always
been liberal in its grants of public lands to cor-
porations. The State of Alabama had received
donations of this kind. And all this was looked
upon as very right and proper by gentlemen.
But when a proposition is made to extend the
privileges of settling these lands to all the people,
then the gentleman from Louisiana starts up with
an objection, and denounces all those who advocate
the measure as demagogues. He presumed the
gentleman from Louisiana was one of those lords
of the soil, who have a number of tenants occupy-
j ing the lands which belong to him. He would
like to know what tenants occupied the property
of the gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr. MORSE was understood to reply "cattle!"
Mr. McMULLEN charged the getitleman from
Louisiana with exhibiting more regard for his
cattle than for his constituents. But it was not his
intention to extend this debate any further. He
hoped the House would be induced to give this
bill a fair chance. The Galphin claim, and all
the other claims which have been annually pressed
on this House, bad not half the merit to entitle
them to the favor of Congress which this bill had.
He trusted, therefore, that the bill would pa^s.
