1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20
Some conversation,followed on the point of or-
der between Messrs. BURT, BAYLY, JONES,
and the Chairman. After which,
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. BAYLY yielded the floor to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who offered
an amendment—the object of which was, he said,
to make the bill conform to what was the intention
of the committee when the bill was reported. The
bill proposed to increase the salaries of the Profes-
sors of French and Drawing $500. ' He proposed
to increase the salaries only $313.
Mr. RUMSEY made the point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN overruled it.
Mr. RUMSEY appealed from the decision.
A conversation on the anpe.il followed between
Messrs. RUMSEY, BURT, JONES, and MAR-
SHALL.
The CHAIRMAN again stated the grounds of
bis decisio% and announced the question, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Messrs.
Harris, of Tennessee, and Sheppesd were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 40—no quorum.
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to call the
roll.
The roll having been called,
The CHAIRMAN rose, and reported the. facts
to the House, and the names of the absentees
were ordered to be entered on the Journal.
A quorum being present, the Chairman resumed
his seat in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question recurred on the appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The tellers resumed their places.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
was again taken, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 80, noes 35.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by the
committee.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi.
Mr. T. briefly explained the amendment. The
increase of the salary which it proposed was, he
thought, sufficient, and would give these gentlemen
a compensation as high as was obtained by the
teachers of French, &c., in any other school in
the United States. The amount of compensation
proposed by him would be just, and would com-
mand the best talent. And if there were no other
reason for objecting to the whole increase pro-
posed, he should objecton the ground that he was
not willing to take such a stride in the increase of
the salaries.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SACKETT renewed the amendment, and
caused to be read a short extract from the report
of the Board of Examiners for 1849, which showed
(he said) that ihis professor, about which so much
was said, was a mere instructor of the rudiments
of the French language, who did not speak the
French even. In addition to the references made
yesterday to the salaries of professors in New
England colleges, he stated that the salaries in the
college at Geneva, New York, was £1,000; at Ham-
ilton college, $1,000; Union college,' 1,200. He ex-
pressd the opinion that teachers of this grade could
obtained in abundance at salaries of $1,000 or
§1,200. The. present salary was a little short of
$1,200, to which were added quarters and fuel, ma-
king it equal to a salary of $1,500; whereas, under
the proposition pending, it would be increased to
$1,800. He saw no necessity for the increase.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, alluded to the high
scientific character and attainments of these pro-
fessors—one of them (Mr. Wier) being the author
of that great historical painting which adorned the
Rotundo, the Embarkation of the Pilgrims, that
most creditable work of American geniu3; and he
scouted the idea that $1,100 was sufficient com-
pensation fjr the services of such men. He also
expressed himself in favor of the increase of com-
pensation of cadets to $28 per month.
So.ne conversation ensued between Mr. Duer
Mr. Ev*vs of Maryland, and Mr. Bayly. '
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment by
reducing the amount from $1,500 to $1,200.
He said he thought $1,200 ample and generous
compensation for -these French schoolmasters.
He questioned whether the Ex-King of France,
Louis Philippe, when teaching school through
this country, received more than from $300 to
$500 a year.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McKISSOOK renewed the amendment, and
said: Mr. Chairman, from all or most of what
has been said on this subject, I am satisfied that
the members of the committee have not given it
the consideration which it deserves. The com-
parison between the salaries of these gentlemen
and that of the professors in the numerous col-
leges and public institutions of the country is caj^ '
culated to lead to great error. The Military Acade-
my is not only a national institution of learning,
but the only one we hlVe, or are likely to have.
The national character and honor, as well as the
objects proposed by the institution, require that
the measure of education there be graduated on
the  ery highest standard of attainment. The
plan contemplates nothing short of the liberal
training of the chosen young men of the country
to the profession of arms. This embraces the
very highest moral and intellectual culture. The
arts, m their most enlarged sense, the natural and
exact sciences and literature, are all put in requisi-
tion to form the character of the men whom we
there propose to prepare to be both the ornament
and the defenders of their country. The man,
therefore, who teaches the Fiench language there,
should be of varied accomplishments, profound as
well as ornamental. Besides, he should be a man
of high character as a gentleman—fit to be the
pattern for imitation by the young men of the
school, both in manners and in moial3. He must
especially have such attainments in the exact sci-
ences and the profession of military engineering,
that he not only may comprehend their nomencla-
ture in the learned languages,including theFrench,
but that he may be able to illustrate the French
language and the sciences in his teachings, by
their mutual relations to each other—and such, 1
believe, is the character and attainments of the
Professor of the French in the Military fechool.
Well, sir, without intending to disparage the
professors or teachers of Fiench in the colleges
and institutions of the country, I may safely say
that there are in each graduating class at the
Point better French scholars than can be found
among the teachers of French in the great portion
of those institutions. And it may be said, also,
without risk, that but few of the latter would be
found able Lo translate the text-books of the higher
branches of mathematics taught at the Military
Academy.
My colleague from New York has remarked,
that if the Government would advertise for a
teacher of Ffench at $1,000, they would have
five hundred at once. 1 have no doubt of it; nor
have 1 th:u many of them no private gentleman
would admit into his family.
But besides, sir, the expense of living is far
greater at West Point than at the great portion of
the colleges of the country. The gentleman from
Ohio yesterday compared the salaries of the pro-
fessors of the Ohio colleges with what is asked for
those at West Point. Now take the three arti-
cles of meat, butter, and eggs, and there can be no
doubt that the cost at West Point, compared with
that at Ohio, is as three to one, or nearly so.
These, with a great portion of all the domestic
supplies of a family, at West Point cost the New
York price, which is the highest in the whole
country, with a large addition fur the profit of the
person who supplies them at the Point. The
personal expenses are much higher, too, at West
Point; and it' a professor there have sons or daugh-
ters, they must be sent abroad for education, at
great expense, which is all saved to a country pro-
fessor, who is obliged to exercise economy on a
small salary.
All these considerations, or most of them, might
be urged in respect to the Professor of Drawing,
but time does not permit.
Mr. SWEETSER asked the gentleman from
New York [Mr. McKissock] to withdraw the
amendment, to allow him (Mr. S.) to say a word.
Mr. McKISSOCK declined.
Mr. S WEE l'SER said, he would renew it.
Mr. McKISSOCK said that he was not at lib-
erty to withdraw the amendment, (as it had been
withdrawn for his accommodation on the pledge
of renewal.)
Mr. MARSHALL also desired to say a word.
The amendment was not withdrawn.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the amendment ofMr,
Thompson, of Mississippi.
Under an apparent withdrawal of the amend-
ment by Mr. Thompson,
Mr. MARSHALL proceeded to explain the
practical effect of the amendment on the "pay and
emoluments," &c., (yielding, for explanation, to
Messrs. Sackett, and Thompson of Mississippi.)
Mr. CARTTER raised a question of order,
that the amendment (being within the control of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] and
not of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] had not been withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was pending.
Mr. BU RT desired to be informed by the Chair,
whether it was in order to move to amend the
amendment of thegentleman from Mississippi,[Mr.
Thompson.]
The CHAIRMAN said it was in order.
Mr. BURT offered the following, to be added
to the end of the amendment, viz:
"And that whenever the lineal rank of the Superintend-
ent uf the Military Academy shall be under the grade of
Lieutenant Colonel, he shall be emitted to the pay anil
emoluments now flowi d by law to tile Frofessorot Natural
and Experimental Philosophy."
Mr. JONES. Where is the amendment to come
in ?
Mr. BURT. Just at the end of the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son.]
Mr. JONES. Let us see how it will read.
The amendment and the amendment to the
amendment were read. ,
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment of Mr.
Bert out of order.
Mr. BURT asked, on what ground?
The CHAIRMAN explained.
Mr. BURT submitted, that if the amendment of
thegentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson}
was in order, his (Mr. B.'a.) amendment could not
be excluded.
The CHAIRMAN adhered to his decision.
Mr. BURT appealed.
The CHAIRMAN announced the question on
the appeal.
Mr. JONES inquired if this was not the same
amendment previously offered by the gentleman
from South Carolina, and ruled out of order by
the Chair and the House?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that it was the same
amendment.
Mr. BURT. Not exactly the same—it has
been modified.
The CHAIRMAN stated further reasons upon
which he had ruled the amendment out of order.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the decision was sustained, and the amend-
ment of Mr, Burt was ruled out of order.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to reduce the amount
from $1,500, to $1,400.
He remarked that he had always been in favor
of liberal salaries, but he considered it an abuse of
terms to designate teachers of living languages as
piofessors. He spoke of the wide difference between
the qualifications requisite for a teacher of Hebrew
and Greek, and of French, and of the comparative
abundance of teachers of the latter, and said the
very best talents for instruction in French could
be obtained for $600 to $800 or $1,000. He op-
posed making a difference between the salaries
of employees of the Government and of private in-
stitutions.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, renewed it,
with the view (he said) of having a vote.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi—
Mr. KING,-of New Jersey, moved to amend
the amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi,
by inserting theiem the words " in addition to the
quarters and fuel now allowed by law." He
briefly spoke of the scantiness of the salaries al-
lowed the professors at West Point, and said he
knew of ten or twelve gentlemen, of the highest
