368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14.
eried this country with danger. It is. one thing,
however, to settle them all, and another to fix upon
the mode of doing it. I was going to show the
honorable Senator from Mississippi how utterly
impossible it is to settle them all in the manner
which he proposes.
My first proposition, in the series of eight reso-
lutions which I dffered, relates to California, and
declares that she ought to be admitted; the second
relates to the Territorial Governments; the next to*
Texas and the payment of a certain sum of money
to her; the fifth relates to the District of Columbia
and,the abolition of slavery in the District. The
sixth or seventh (for I have not got them now be-
fore me) relates to the recovery of fugitive slaves.
Why, sir, hefore 1 introduced my resolutions we
had a bill before us on that very subject, which
had been discussed in part, and the progress of the
discussion perhaps interrupted by these resolu-
tions. Now, sir, does the honorable Senator un-
derstand me as introducing the proposition that the
question of the admission of California, and the
question of Territorial Governments, the question
of the line of Texas, and the proposition to her
for the payment of a sum of money in considera-
tion of the surrender of her claim, whatever it may
be, to the territory; and, besides that, the abolition
of the slave-trade in the District of Columbia,
and moreover a law for the recovery of fugitive
slaves, and adding further sanctions and penalties
to the existing laws on that subject, shall all be
combined in one single bill? It is impossible that
anybody can conceive that I intended to embrace
all this variety of subjects in one bill, and propose
the passage of them all at once.
Mr. FOOTE, I certainly thought that all or
most of these matters could be embraced in one
bill, at least so far as positive legislative action was
concerned. 1 think so yet; and, acting upon this
opinion, I have actually embraced them in the bill
introduced by me at the beginning of the session,
and now in print upon the tables of Senators. I
think that the honorable Senator from Kentucky
would find it not a little difficult to slate any rea-
son even of parliamentary technicality, going to
show the impropriety of embracing in the same
bill a proposition to admit a new State from Texas,
such as 1 have ventured to recommend, and a
proposition for the establishment of territorial
governments in Deseret and New Mexico, with
one for the cession to the United Suites of all the
right of domain at present held by Texas north of
the 34th degree north latitude. Cut if a plan of
compromise cannot be so framed as to embrace all
the controverted questions, why. shall it not be
made to embrace us many as practicable? Let me
again propound to the lionoiable Senator a ques-
tion which I have heretofore propounded, and
which he lias not yet answered. How is it that
he, as a Senator from the State of Kentucky, within
whose limits the system of domestic slavery exists, can
reconcile it to his own sense of justice to the vital in-
terests of his constituents, al such a moment as this,
in view of all the dangers which menace the southern
section of the Confederacy, to increase the number of ad-
versary votes against vs upon all the pending questions,
without first receiving some compensation therefor?
Mr. CLAY. It is totally unnecessary for the
gentleman to remind me of my coming from a
slnyeholding State. I know whence 1 come, and
I know my duty, and 1 am ready to submit toafty
responsibility which belongs to me as a Senator '
fiom a slaveholding State. !
Sir, 1 have heard something said on this and on !
a former occasion-about allegiance to the South, j
I know no South, no Worth, no East, no West to
which I owe any allegiance. I owe allegiance to
two sovereignties, and only two; one 'is to the i
sovereignty of thu Union, and the other is to the
sovereignty of the State of Kentucky. My al-
legiance is to this Union and to my State; but if
gentlemen suppose they can exact from me an ac-
knowledgment of allegiance to any ideal or future '
contemplated confederacy of the South, I here de-
clare that I owe no allegiance to it; nor will I, for
one, come under any such allegiance if I can
avoid it. I know what my duties are, and gentle-
men may cease to remind me of the fact that I
come from a slaveholding State.
Sir, if I choose to avail myself of the opinions
of my own State, I can show a resolution from the
State Legislature, received last night, reported
r d.ue consideration by a committee. This
resolution declares its cordial sanction to the whole
of the scries of resolutions which I have offered.
And I must say that the preparation of that reso-
lution was unprompted by me; for I have neither
written to nor have I received a single letter from
any member of the Legislature of Kentucky
during this session on public affairs. I beg par-
don for this digression. These are the sentiments
I entertain, ana I am neither to be terrified nor
frightened by any language. I hope gentlemen
will not transcenS the limits of legitimate parlia-
mentary debate infusing any language toward me;
because I fear 1 could not even trust myself if
they were to do it. I shall use no such language
toward them, and I hope on this floor for a reci-
procity of parliamentary dignity and propriety. 1
ask it, because I do not know how far I could
trust myself if .language of a personal character
were applied to me, 1 care not by whom.
But, sir, 1 have been showing, and I rose chiefly
for the purpose of showing, that there 13 no incon-
sistency between anything that I have said here-
tofore, and anything I say new. What I have
said heretofoie, and what I repeat now, is, that all
these questions ought to be settled. Now, I ad-
mit the thought has crossed my mind respecting
the course which I think this business ought to
take, and I will state to you frankly uhatflave
been my impressions. My desire was that the
Senate should express its sense upon each of the
resolutions in succession, beginning with the first
and ending with the eighth. If they should be
affirmatively adopted, my purpose was to propose
the reference of them to appropriate committees.
There are some of the subjects which may be per-
haps advantageously combined. I hope they can
be combined m one bill. For example, the estab-
lishment of suitable governments for the Tern-
tones, the question of the limns of Texas, and
the proposition made to pay her a certain sum of
money for considerations which I will not repeat.
These, possibly, might be all with great propriety
combined in one bill, and piesented as a whole.
But, beyond that, I never supposed it would be at-
tempted, or that we could with propriety go;
though it is possible, to be sure, as the Senator
from Mississippi says, to combine all these sub-
jects in one bill of fifty or a hundred sections or
pages. But it is not ihe usual course of legisla-
tion, nor do I think he will find it as practicable
as he imagines. Besides, there are some of the
resolutions which are negative in their character,
requiring no legislation—such as the last one, for
example. My idea was, if the Senate should
think proper finally to decide affirmatively on thege
resolutions, that we should then refer them to ap-
propriate committees, either one resolution by
itself to an appropriate committee, or combining
two or three together, according to the affinity of
the subjects they embrace, and let the committee
act on these two or three subjects. But I never
did contemplate embracing in the entire scheme of
accommodation and harmony which I proposed all
these distracting questions, and bringing them all
into one measure.
Sir, 1 did suppose that, if the Senate decided af-
firmatively on each of these resolutions, though
one might be matured in the shape of a bill a little
earlier than others, still, having declared our ap-
probation of them all, we could so far tru&t each
other as to believe that voting for any one measure
to-day will not lead to the apprehension of any i
want of good faith in voting for another measure j
to come up to-morrow. I suppose they would all |
be settled about the same time, possibly not on 1
the same day, or even the same week, but m the [
course of two or three weeks; and that, although
one measure should first be adopted a little more !
favorable to one section of the Union than to
another, yet that part of the Union which had ;
been most favored by the adoption of that meas- j
ure would not fail to do what was right and prop- j
er when a measure came forward advantageous, j
not to itself, but to another portion of the Union. |
That was my idea. So with respect to this meas- i
ure, if it is referred to the Conumttee-on Territo- j
ries. When they will report I cannot tell. It will :
be some time before they can make the report, 1
and it will be some time after the report is made
before it is acted upon; and it will be weeks, per-
haps months, before a bill admitting this State into
the Union passes through both Houses. In the
mean time, as one measure passes from us, we can
be acting on others, and bringing in the bills and
taking them up as they arise.
. I have now explained the course which I trust
it will be proper to take on this occasion, and I
am sure that not even the Senator from Missis-
sippi can now believe that I stand pledged to one
general comprehensive bill to combine all the meas-
ures to which he has referred.
Mr. FOOTE. I certainly did understand the
Senator from Kentucky as taking the ground,
originally, that it was quite proper, and even
highly necessary, that some general plan or
scheme of adjustment, embracing all the pending-
questions of slavery, should be devised and
agreed upon, before any attempt at legislation of
the special and partial character now proposed
should take place. I not only so understood him,
but I confidently believe he was so understood by
the whole country. I understand the honorable
Senator now as clearly to say that he intended not
to be so construed. I can only say that I think
he could scarcely have been as happy in the
enunciation of his views as he usually has been,
else so general a misinterpretation could hardly
have occurred. The honorable Senator, I con-
ceive, has gone a little out of his way to com-
plain of the severity of the language used by me
in the course of this debate. I am sure that I
was not aware of being discourteous; I thought,
indeed, that I had been quite lavish in commenda-
tion. My case is rather a hard one. The honor-
able Senator from Kentucky complains that I am
not sufficiently polite and complaisant; whilst cer-
tain much respected democratic friends of mine
have not hesitated to accuse me of being even too
deferential to that honorable gentleman, as well as
too laudatory of him. Upon the whole, I am in-
clined to come to the conclusion that I may not be
very particularly deserving of censure in cither of
the particulars named.
As to the honorable Senator's apprehension, that
he may lose his own temper, and evince actual ir-
ritation himself, if not Created with more forbear-
ance and moderation by myself and others, I am
persuaded that the honorable Senator does serious
injustice to himself. I do not think it possible that
he could become irritated with one so innocent as
myself of all intention to affront him, and so uni-
formly kind in my bearing toward him. I shall
certainly be as much as possible on my guard; for
it is far from my desire, for many reasons, to give
unnecessary offence to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky or to any other person. When I speak
unkindly, it is always because I think it my duly
to do so."
I was quite startled by one remark which fell
from the lips of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky just now. He insmutes that he fears that
some persons in the South are aiming to establish
a southern confederacy.
Mr. CLAY Not at all.
Mr. FOOTE. What did the honorable Senator
mean then, by disclaiming so emphatically all alle-
giance to a southern confederacy, now or here-
after?
Mr. CLAY. The honorable Senator knows
perfectly well that the language as used here again
and again is " treachery to the South," "abandon-
ing the South," " failing to uphold the interests of
the South." Now, what I meant to say was, that
I knew of no South in the shape of a confederated
Government; no South to which I owed allegiance.
I did not mean to say that there was a solitary in-
dividual in the South in favor of a dissolution of
the Union.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator's pres-
ent explanation is quite satisfactory; and yet I
am sure he ought to feel indebted to me for afford-
ing him an opportunity for making it. He says
now that he does not know an individual in the
South who is in favor of dissolving the Union. I
dare say he is quite right, sir, that there are none,
or but few in the South, who are disuiuonists per
se. But I must remind him that to the North and
East such factionists are found in considerable
numbers. Even the sanctity of Faneuil Hall has
been recently profaned by the proceedings of a
| regular Abolition Convention, which adopted re-
I solutions asserting the expediency of dissolving
! the Union, in order to put down slavery. And,
j so far, neither of the Massachusetts Senators here
I have been heard to rebuke these fanatics. I
I hope that we shail hear from them after awhile.
The trumpet of disunion has been sounded, I
regret to say in New York also, and in various
1 States north of Mason and Dixon's line. South
