18J0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
. to have it done under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, and to have them reduced in a
certain way.
Mr. BRADBURY. ( did not understand the
committee to have reported in favor of engra-
ving.
The motion of Mr. Davis was then agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it
was therefore
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of War, with
reconnoissances of routes from San Antonio de Bexar to El
faso del Norte, by Brevet Lt. Col. J. E. Johnston, Lt'. Wil-
liam P. Smith, Li. F. T. Bryan, and Lt. N. H. Michlei, of
the Topographical Engineers be printed; and that the maps
accompanying said reports be reuuced under the direction
of the Chief of ihe Topographical Bureau, and that the Sec-
retary ot the Senate cause the same to be engraved and
printed for tlie use of the Senate.
SCHQOL LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, Senate bill No. 63, being the bill to con-
firm the sale of school lands made to J. B. Gre-
goire and P. Grregoire, in Louisiana; and, no
amendment having been proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
INTERCOURSE WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, Senate bill No. 293, being the bill to ex-
tend the benefits of the 17th section of the act to
regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to
preserve peace on .the frontiers (approved 3d
June, 1834) to the people of Texas, State of Tex-
as, and others.
The blank in the fourth line of the bill was filled,
on motion by Mr. ATCHISON, with the words
" first of January, 1836 "
The bill was then further amended, so as to
make its provisions apply to the citizens of Ala-
bama, Florida, and Georgia.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move now to add the fol-
lowing proviso to the bill:
" Provided, That for all depredations committed prior to
the date of this act, payment shall be made, without deduc-
tion from the annuities of the tribe by which they were
committed."
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
read as amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not know
precisely what are the relations subsisting between
all these tribes of Indians and the Government of
the United States, and I desire to learn from the
chairman who has reported this bill, if there are
any Indians in either of those Stales with whom
there are no subsisting treaties, and to whom there
are no annuities due from the United States? Be-
cause, if it is so, if there are Indians with whom
we have no treaty stipulations—to whom, m other
words, we owe no annuities—if they commit dep-
redations, I do not see but that, by the terms of
the bill, the Government will be compelled to pay
for the depredations thus committed, notwith-
standing no annuities may be due. It is true, it
will have to come out of their annuities, where an-
nuities are due to the Indians. What I wish to
know is, whether there are not cases where there
are no treaty stipulations with Indian tribes, or
where no annuities are due to the Indians? It
seems to me to be a very novel doctrine that the
United States Government shall pay individuals
for all losses which may occur by theft and lar-
cenies committed by Indians, within the borders
of those States where they reside.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The hour for taking up
the special order of the day has arrived, and I
think the provisions of this bill will require a good
deal of consideration before it can be passed. It
will, I believe, involve the Government in the ex-
penditure of millions. It provides for the payment
of Florida claims for Indian depredations since
1836. There are many of these claims pending,
some of which amount to $150,000. How many
more this bill will embrace, I do not know; but
this is a new principle; it is something that has
not existed since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. And yet, now, when our relations with the
Indians ought to be contracting instead of expand-
ing, these claims will be brought forward. 1 want
to see all the amendments to the bill, aud the bill
as amended, printed. I hope it will be laid on the
table and printed: and I make that motion with a
view to take up the special order of the day.
_Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection, but I
think I can show that there is no new principle in-
volved in this measure.
The bill was accordingly ordered to be laid on
the table and printed.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California bs a State into
the Union, to establish Territorial Governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the establishment of her western and
northwestern boundaries; and after several hours
spent in the discussion of the bill, and in the course
of which several amendments were offered and dis-
posed of, (of which a full account will be found in
the Appendix,) without coming to a conclusion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 27, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OBITUARY.
Mr. ROCKWELL rose and said: Mr. Speaker,
at the suggestion of the members of the delegation J
from Massachusetts, I rise to announce the death
of our colleague, the Hon. Daniel Potnam King,
who represented in this House ihe second congres-
sional district of that State. He died at his resi-
dence in Danvers, in the county of Essex, on the
evening of Thursday last. He left this city on the
10ih instant, for the purpose of visiting his family,
and attending to some indispensable business ar-
rangements. His visit to his home was, perhaps,
somewhat hastened by aslight temporary indispo-
sition, of which he had several times spoken,
which, however, occasioned no alarm. It seems
that soon after his arrival at home, he was attacked
with the acute and distressing disease which so
speedily terminated his life. He met his death as
he wished to meet it, when his time had come, in
the bosom of his affectionate family, with the wife
of his youth, and the children of his love, to solace
his dying hour, and hear his last earthly words.
Mr. Kino was graduated at Harvard Univer-
sity, in the year 1823. His classical aad scien-
tific studies, however, were not discontinued at
the terminalion of his collegiatp. course. Without
pursuing any particular profession, he became a
ripe and sound general scholar. Devoted princi-
pally to Agricultural pursuits, for which he cher-
ished an enthusiastic regard, his easy fortune gave
him leisure for varied and rich intellectual acquire-
ments. Such a man, in so intelligent a commu-
nity a3 that in which he lived, could hardly avoid
public employments and distinction. He first en-
tered the House of Representatives of his native
State in 1836, where he served with reputation
during that and the succeeding year. In 1838, he
first took his seat in the Senate'of that Slate. In
1840 he was elected President of the Senate, and
discharged the duties of that station to the general
satisfaction,in a time of hi£h party excitement. In
1813 he was again a member of the popular branch
of that Legislature, and was chosen the Speaker,
under circumstances highly honorable to his char-
acter. He discharged the duties of that office in a
House, almost equally divided in political senti-
ment, with the general favor. In June, 18'13, while
holding the office of Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives of Massachusetts, he was elected to
the twenty-eighth Congress, in which he took his
seat in December of that year. He has been, by
the unsolicited suffrages of the same, constituency, !
three times reelected. This is the. fourth Congress !
to which he has been elected, and the seventh year
of his service upon this floor. In each of these j
situations, his course has been marked by an un- i
assuming, industrious, conscientious discharge of
every duty.
Upon that portion of the legislation of his
State, which has been manifested in behalf of the
suffering and the unfortunate, his influence has
been repeatedly and effectually exerted. He was
for five years an active and diligent member of the
Board of Trustees of the State Lunatic Hospital;
and contributed while in the Legislature to the
enlargement and extended usefulness of that insti-
tution. Highly distinguished as he had been in
Massachusetts, other paths of usefulness would
there have been opened before him, had his life
been spared, and other honorable distinctions
awaited him.
Of his character and conduct in this House, it is
scarcely necessary for me to speak. In your head-
ing, Mr. Speaker, who knew hirn well, and in the
.hearing of the older members of this House* I
hesitate not to say, that no member has more con-
stantly and faithfully devoted his time and talents
to the public service than my deceased colleague.
He was daily, hourly, almost continually in his
seat, with a clear and constant understanding of
the business under consideration. In the dis-
charge of his duties upon the various committees
upon which he has been placed, he has been alike
industrious and exemplary. In attending to the
interests of his constituents, which were manifold,
as his district was a highly commercial one, his
diligence could not be exceeded. He acted and
voted always; he spoke seldom.
In all the relations of private life, he was with-
out reproach; nay, more, his life was an active
blessing to all around him. It was made such by
the religious principle which was the living spring
of all his conduct. He was an humble, active,
devoted Christian. No pressure of public duty,
no desire for ease or relaxation, induced him to
neglect the religious duties which he deemed as
essential and proper here as at home; or the or-
dinances of the church to which he belonged. If
to a stranger ear this seems the language of eulogy,
I can only say, I cannot change it, for it is the
simple truih.
Mr. Speaker, the power of dealh, which has been
repeatedly during the present session exhibited iij
the other Chamber of Congress, and in the Execu-
tive Mansion, has now for the first time mani-
fested itself here. Although our departed friend
had not an iron constitution, he had never befoie,
I believe, suffered any severe sickness. He was
perhaps as little likely as any man among ue, lo
become the victim of disease. The plain language
of so sudden an end, of such a life, is, " Be ye
also ready."
Sir, when the resolutions which I am about to
propose shall have been adopted, the great tide of
public events will obliterate here the memory of
my friend. His name will be stricken from "the
roll, and will pass from recollection here. But in
the circle of his particular acquaintances, by those
of us who have shared his domestic and social re-
lations, his memory will be borne with us to the
gates through which his gentle and noble spirit
has just passed. And, in that district which he so
faithfully represented, and of which he always
spoke with such tender and proud regard, there
will be a future of sincere mourning, for the loss of
a private friend, and a public benefactor.
I move sir, the following resolutions:
Resolved, ThAt this House lias received wilh deep sensi-
bility, Ihe mtelhgi nee of the liealh ol ihe honorable Dan-
iel P. King, a member ol this House, from Hie State of
MTi55deiu^etis, winch took place at his residence m that
State on Thimday Ins .
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect (or the memory
of the deceased, the membeis and otfiomof tins Houso will
wear the ut-ual badges tit mourning lor thirty day?.
Resotred, 'I hat the Clerk of the House bb directed to com-
municate a copy ot these proceedings to the family of the
deceased.
Kesolved, That the Clerk be also direcied to communicate
a copy ol tlnse resolutions to the Senate; and that,as a furth* r
testimony of respect to the memory of the honorable Daniel
P. King, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. WINTHROP. If mere custom had pre-
vailed on this occasion, Mr. Speaker, it would
have fallen to me, as the senior member of the
Massachusetts Delegation in this Hall, Xo perform
the sad duty, which has been so faithfully and feel-
ingly discharged by my friend and colleague, who
has just taken his sent. I trust, therefoie, that I
may he allowed to say, that, m yielding, as I read-
ily have done, to the claims of a more intimate as-
sociation and immediate companionship with
the excellent person whose death has been an-
nounced to us, I have not been wanting in the
deepest regret for his loss, or in the most sincere
respect for his memory.
It has been my good fortune to be connected
with Mr. King for many years in the Legislature
of our own Commonwealth, as well as to be with
him here, during the whole period of his seven
years' service as a member of this House; and I
can truly say, that I have rarely met with a juster
or worthier man, or with one more scrupulously
faithful to every obligation to his neighbor, his
country, and his God.
His devotion as a public servant, his integrity
as a private citizen, and the high moral and reli-
gious character which he sustained in ail the re-
lations of life, had endeared him not merely to his
