372
\J
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
with all the provisions now contained in her con-
stitution. Some of her friends now were he? real
enemies, and denounced her most. She may not
have been forced to assume a position unfavorable
to her success, and even dangerous in its conse-
quencies to the safety of the republic.
Under the circumstances which are connected
with her claim for admission—and they are full of
historical interest—I cannot cons, nt, sir, to her
coming into the Confederacy at this time. Such
an event will be adopting the acts of usurpation,
and violating all the securities of usage and prece-
dent. In saying that the people of California have
raade to themselves a government by usurpation,
I associate nothing offensive with the word. I usfe
the word usurpation in its stiict legal sense, and 1
■would not wish to be understood as referring to
any of the parties concerned, or to California, with
any feelings of hostility, or with any purpose to
throw factious obstacles in the way.
But, Mr. President, if the act of forming a gov-
ernment in California without the consentof Con-
gress previously obtained, or by implication, ob-
tained^nderthesanctioriofa territorial government,
is not a usurpation, I have read the Constitution
in vain, and do not understand its import. This
power in the Constitution is expressed in a very
few words:
" New States mnv be admitted by the Oonaress into t.ns
Union ; hut no now' States M'all be tormed or erected wiillin
the jurisdiction of any other St.itr, nor any Statu ho formed
by the junction of two or more States, or pstrts of Stated,
without tiie consent <if the Leiii-Utiifes of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress."
There is not a woid in the Constitution with
regard to the time when Congress shall give hei-
consent, whether before or after. The consent
given here evidently is exactly that kind of consent
which Congress ought to give for the erection of a
State anywhere.
By way of illustration of the proposition I have
rather indicated than laid down with any degree
of precision, I will make a supposition: Suppose
Georgia—and I speak of that State by way of
illustration, as she is one of the largest of the
States of the South—should divide her State into
East and West Georgia, and at the next session
of Congress should send here two additional
Senators and ,three or four additional Represent-
atives, and ask to be admitted into this Union,
because she had exercised the power which they
have called self-government here so often—that
great inherent power—should knock at our door,
and state that policy required that we should
admit that State formed wihin her limits into this
Union. What would be the reply, sir? There-
ply would be," You have done the act by usurpa-
tion, by a palpable violation of the Constitution,
which requires the consent of Congress." Ah!
" the consent of Congress!" But cannot the con-
sent of Congress be given now as well as it could
have been given antecedently ? Why, sir, I admit
that it would be perfectly competent for Congress
to waive the objection and adopt the usurpation.
I have no doubt that Conjress might do that,
under any circumstances. They might waive all
objection to these States coming into the Union, by
adopting the act, of usurpation. This is not an un-
usual principle in legal proceedings. In the case of
the Mexican treaty, after the power of the agent or
the ambassador had been revoked by the Govern-
ment, after he had formed a treaty in palpable
violation of his instructions, we waived the objec-
tions, and by retrospective contemplation, wc
adopted his act and made it our own,
I hold that no people have a right to form them-
selves into a State without the consent of Congress,
expressly or by implication given. I say that it
is a usurpation of the power of Congress'over this
subject. That has been my proposition, and the
proposition I intend to maintain if I can. But,
before doing that, I will go somewhat into detail,
to show that California has assumed her piesent
position towards the Federal Government in vio-
lation of all the securities of precedent, all the se-
curities of usage. There is nothing like it in the
histoiy of the Territories or States of the Union—
nothing like it.
In the first place, the people of California, by
their convention, have appropriated not only a
Territory to themselves, but they have assigned
boundaries, withoutever having consulted Corigiess
oneway or another. Is there any such instance to be
found in the history of any Territorial Government
ot any State Government in the United States? I
challenge gentlemen to find a parallel or a prece- j|
dent of the kind. Now let me not be told thatji
this thing of boundary is a matter of no essential '
consequence. The boundary ! Why, the bound-ij
aries of a commonwealth, sir, are, of all others, ina ,j
high political sense, matters ofpublici juris—matters
with which Congress should deal; for they are such ^
as affect deeply the great interest of other commu- ;
nities. And when any people undertake to assign ,
boundaries to themselves—to assign to themselves ,
six hundred miles, up and down upon the Pacific j
coast, without having consulted those who are the.*
proprietors, so far as there was any public domain ,
 without having consulted those who had vested m j
them the sovereign dominion, the sovereign juris- ;
diction over the country ceded by treaty—it is ta- j
king a very important privilige from Congress, and j
arrogating to themselves a power at war with the
interests and rights of other communities.
Sir, 1 ask the question, as I have a right to ask
it, emphatically, have the people of California con-
formed to the obligations of the treaty with Mexico,
so far as regards the qualifications of voters ? Who
voted? Who ore those twelve or thirteen thousand
voters? Were they free white men ? Were they
Mexicans of Spanish blood? Were they such
Mexicans as were recognized as capable of becom-
ing citizens under the terms of the treaty ? Why,
sir, the President has not even condescended to
give us any information upon that subject at all.
Who constituted this Government? Prom what
class of voters did this government emanate? Am
I to be told that Congress has no jurisdiction over
a subject of this kind? There is no instance of a
Territorial Government in the organization of
which Congress did not prescribe or define the
qualifications of voters. There isanother violation,
Mr. President. I know instances will be quoted
in which States havebeen admitted into thisUnion,
where the people did not have the previous as-
sent of Congress to assemble in convention for the
formation of a constitution; but I will answer for
it that they are not similar cases.
There is another particular in which California
has violated the usage. No State in this.Union
has come into it without Congress having previ-
ously taken a census of its inhabitants. Tha^was
done in Michigan, in Iowa, in Wisconsin, in Flor-
ida, and in all'the other States. This has been the
uniform usage and precedent, so far as regards the
admission of other States. I am told, however,
that Iowa and Florida came into this Union by
forming conventions without the previous leave of
Congress. Iowa did hold a convention, and of-
fered a constitution here, claiming certain bound-
aries, which Congress denied. She was Rent
back, and retui ned~ having been assigned different
boundaries, and then she came into the Union
with new boundaries. And therefore^ think it
may be said that Congress had given its consent
_by implication for the formation of a constitution
and State Gsvernment. I say it was not only im-
plied, but strongly implied, when the boundaries
were given her, that she had the power to do so.
So far as regards Wisconsin, the same remark
may be made. Congress gave her the right to
have two members. That recognition of the right
to have two members was such a recognition as to
give the previous consent of Congress that she
might form a constitution, and might then apply
for^admission into this Union as one of the sover-
eign States. Now, sir, with legard to the States
of Iowa and Florida: Florida had made appli-
cation for years, four or five years, when Iowa
came forward, and they came in pari passv—the
one as a slave State, and the other us a free State.
They came in at the same time, and that, sir, by
consent, and, as I have strong reason to believe,
by the previous or implied assent of Congress that
tliey should form constitutions and come into the
Union under their sanction. The same lemaik
may be made with regard to Michigan. I know
she did form and claim boundaries—not allowed to
her, by-the-by—and she did form a constitution.
But did Michigan form a constitution or have any
convention, excepting when she was under territo-
rial relations to this Government? Michigan was
governed by the United States through the agency
of Congress; and if she assembled a convention, it
was under the implication at the time that Con-
gress had given her the power of attorney to de-
cide upon the time when she should come into the
Union. I say, then, it was an implied consent in
the case of Michigan.
But, so far as regards California, not a single
one of these coincidences exists. She comes here
without having her boundaries fixed, without
qualifications of voters being defined, without hav-
ing any census, and, as I am very much inclined
to think, under a suggestive influence from the
Executive and his Cabinet to evade the responsi-
bility of meeting this question as it should have
been met,'and at the time when it could have been
met, and at the time that it might have been set-
tled satisfactorily to all parties. Sir, the admis-
sion of California will put it further beyond settle-
ment, and every step we take we are approaching
a precipice. When this question first arose it
could have been very easily adjusted by having
the ordinary territorial governments, without any
restriction whatever. They might have excluded
slavery or not, as they thought proper, when
they had matured themselves into the condition of
States. But, to evade this Wilmot proviso, the
people were left in a state of anarchy; and, under
an operation of causes worse than the Wilmot
proviso, they are claiming privileges now, by usurp-
ation, to which they are not entitled. Is it not
a usurpation in any point of view in which we can
tegard it? Why, sir, in whom was vested a
sovereignty over the citizens and the inhabitants
under the treaty of California? In the United
States. And I think the honorable Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] the other day demon-
strated that; and he put the proposition in so strong
j' a point of view that ( think it could not be misun-
derstood; and the Senator from Georgia has left
'.no ground for others to occupy. I venture to say
that there are but very few individuals upon this
floor who will contend, before any tribunal that
could take cognizance of the subject, that a sover-
eignty was not vested in the United States, to be
exerted through the agency of their representatives
in Congress.
The right claimed under the doctrine of self-gov-
ernment is extra-constitutional, and has no sanc-
tion for its exercise. When analyzed, it is a right
to dispense with the prescriptions of the Constitu-
tion, and to use a power in derogation of the rights
of the States of this Union, in whom was vested
the high sovereignty and eminent domain.
I have heard it so often asserted that the people
have a right to self-government, that I am inclined
to think gentlemen conclude th it the authority of
Congress is excluded. But such a proposition
would sanction what I would regard the doctrine
of self-appropriation. But if my proposition be
true, California has no right, under her usurpation,
to come here and claim to be admitted, unless we
waive and adopt such acts of usurpation. I will
not say that Congiess may not make a precedent
to subserve present interests, and forward the
views of political propagandists; but, in doing so,
they recognize the dangerous power of usurpation
 one which may be "well-received when it re-
dounds to the advantage of a majority, but one
which never will be allowed to the claims of a mi-
nority. If southern slaveholders had done the
same thing, and had not prohibited slavery in Cali-
fornia in any constitution which they might have
piesented, their acts would have been denounced
and their proffered constitution rejected. There is
a wonderful difference between the diciation of the
strong and the suggestions of the weak. The
course pursued in "California, if recognized and
adopted here, will be a precedent of mischief and
danger to the security of the people of this coun-
try. Why, upon the same doctrine, you may
I have a dozen States applying next year to come
i in, upon the ground that they have formed consti-
I tutions under the sanction of this precedent: aye,
1 Minnesota; but Minnesota has now a Tectorial
! Government—Nebraska is a rccogntzed Territory.
I Deseret, New Mexico, and two or three States in
i*Texas may come here by their delegations, with
constitutions in their hands, ami knock at your
door for admission, and claim to do so, without
having consulted Congress, under the very prece-
dent you are about to establish.
; J have heard, sir, of the danger of the plan of the
English power of making peers when they wanted
votes. The power of issuing patents of nobility
! by royal prerogative has been rarely abused in
: England; it has often been dreaded, and at some
: times not resisted: a ministry wanting power will
; always be under strong temptation to resort to it,
'! in smrnn instances have abused it to the preju-
and in some in
dice of public liberty.
