1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
few whose virtues shine more conspicuously—
whose patriotism was warmer, or whose pure,
unblemished character entitled them more em-
phatically to be called good rr-en.
Mr. D. concluded by offering the following:
Resolved, That the Sennte ha® received with deep senai-
biluy the message from the Hou<e of Representatives, an-
Tiounchis the death of ihe Hon. Daniel P. King, a Repre-
sentahve from Massachusetts.
Resolved, Thar i i token of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the Senate will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing th«rtv day;*.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased.
Resolved, That, as a further token of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 29, 1850.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. OLDS asked the unanimous consent of the
House, to introduce a resolution, which he sent
to the Clerk's table.
The resolution was read, as follows!
Resolved, (the Senate concurring therein,\That the Presi-
dent of th^ Senate, and the Speak* r nf the H<m<e of Rf p-
yesentatives adjourn their respective Hou-eson Monday, the
26th day of Ausiiet next, at 12 o'clock, m., to take a recess
until the first Monday in November next.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection
the resolution would be received.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, rose and ob-
jected
Mr. OLDS moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to introduce the reso-
lution, and asked the yeas and nays on thatmotion;
which were ordered.
Mr. ORR moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. JONES said, he desired to remark, that if
the gentleman who had offered the resolution
would so change its form as to make it an absolute
adjournment, without the condition of a recess,
he (Mr. J.) would vote in favor of suspending the
rules for its introduction.
The SPEAKER said, no remarks were in order
at this time.
Mr. WENTWORTH was understood to say,
that if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr Olds] would
amend the resolution so as to provide that the ad-
mission of California was taken care of, he (Mr
W.) would vote m favor of the motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] that there be a call of the House.
Mr. ORR called for the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were rtfused.
And the question, " Shall there be a call of the
House?" was taken, and decided in the negative,
without a division.
So a cill of the House was refused.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, put an inquiry to
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. EVANS desired to be informed whether
the resolution was divisible?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not divisible,
because it does not contain two separate and dis-
tinct propositions. The resolution, if received,
w^ill be open to amendment, and if the latter portion
of the resolution should be stricken out, the effect
would be,to leave an absolute adjournment. The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr.'Evans] will per-
ceive, that it requires two separate and distinct
propositions, to authorize a division.
Mr. INGE was understood to inquire of the
Speaker, what was the question?
The SPEAKER stated it to be, on the motion
to suspend the rules, for the purpose of enabling
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] to introduce
the resolution.
Mr. VAN DVKE asked that the resolution
might be again read.
And the resolution was accordingly read.
. Mr. ALLEN (scarcely heard) was understood
to say, that he asked for information from the
Chair, in order that he might govern his vote ac
cordingly. He desired to know whether, if two-
thirds should vote to suspend the rule, the resolu-
tion might not be changed as to the time, &c.?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. JONES rose to putjm inquiry to theChoir.
Mr. DUER objected, on the ground, that when
he had risen the other day for a similar object,
objection had been made. He (Mr. D.) therefore
objected to all inquiries to the Chair.
Mr. JONES submitted that he had a right to
make an inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. DUER said, that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] did not rise to a point of or-
der, hut to an inquiry.
Mr. JONES again suggested that it was his
right to do so.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] had stated that he had risen to
make an inquiry of the Chair. The Chair had
always indulged such inquiries. If a gentleman
went beyond the proper point of inquiry, the Chair
would arrest him.
Mr. DUER (scarcely heard) was understood to
say, that he had not been allowed to make an in-
quiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER made a reply, (not heard dis-
tinctly in the confusion,) but was understood to
say, that the Chair did not precisely recollect the
instance to which the gentleman had referred.
The practice had been uniform to allow inquiries
to be put to the Chair.
Mr. INGE was Understood to suggest, that the
Chair had always indulged such inquiries; but that
when objection was made, they could not be put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated, that
where a gentleman rises to make an inquiry, he
was indulged, unless it appeared that the inquiry
was beyond the point usually allowed. A gentle-
man may rise to make an inquiry on a point of
order affecting the action of the .House.
Some further conversation followed between
Mr. Duer and the Chair, (of which part was
heard and part not )
Mr. DUER submitted, that the inquiry must
be confined to a point of order.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. DUER withdrew his objection, remarking
that he should hereafter insist on the privilege be-
ing general
Mr. JONES resumed the floor, remarking that
he should have concluded long ago if he had not
been interrupted. He desired to be informed by
the Speaker, whether, if the House should take a
recess, the members would be entitled to mileage
as in the ca«3e of a regular adjournment.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. DUER made a remark, of which nothing
was heard on the left of the Chair.
Mr. INGE put an inquiry to the Speaker, (not
heard by the reporter,) to which the Speaker re-
plied—
The CHAIR has already stated, that if the rules
should be suspended, the resolution would be open
to amendment.
The question was then taken, " Shall the rules
be suspended?"
Before the vote was announced—
Mr. HARRIS, ofTennessee, who was not in
his seat at the moment his name was called, asked
the unanimous consent of the House to record his
vote.
Oujeetion was made.
Mr. FEATHERSTON made a similar request.
Objection was made.
So the vote of neither gentleman was recorded.
Mr. WOODWARD rose and said, that on Sat-
urday last he had paired off with a member of the
House, but that he (Mr. W.) had this morning
voted inadvertently. He, therefore, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw his
vote.
No objection having been made, the vote of Mr.
W. was withdrawn.
The result of the vote was then announced,
as follows:
YE4.S—Messrs. AThertcon, Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Av-
erett, Ba\, Brigrs*. William J. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Clingman. role, Crowell, Daniel, Edmund-
♦on. Alexander Evan*, Nathan Evan«, Ewinsr, Giddins*,
G' odem w, Green. Hall, Haralson, Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Hoaciand, Hnlladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inee, Jos.
W. Jack-on, William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson,
Julian, Kaufman, La S&re, Litllefield. Ma*on, McDonald,
McQueen. McWillie, Meacham, MorrivMoise, Oale,Old*,
Orr, Otis, Owen, Porter, Powell, R -lev. Robinson, Rock-
well, Ros*, Seddon, Sprague, Frederick P Stanton, Richard
H Stanton, Swe  t<er, Taylor, Thomas Jacob Thompson,
Toomb«, Underbill, Van'lhke, Venable, Wallace, Well-
born, Whittlesey, and Wood—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Baker, Bayly, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Biesell, Booth, Boyd, Breck, Bronk<, -Buet,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thoma* B. Butler, Joseph P,
<\ ldw« H, Calvin, Campbell, Oartter, Oa««ev, Chandler*
Clarke, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. <V>bU, C'Uiger. Cur-
win, D 'b« rrv, Dinuniek Dixon, Doty. Dner, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Fowler, Gilnmre. G<m, H  ll'>wa\, H ninlfon,
Havwond, Hebard, Henry, Hibhard, Milliard, Huston,
Howe, Hunter. Andr w Johnson, Jone«, J. G. Kinsr, J> hn A.
Kinff. Preston Kins, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matte on,
MrClernand, McDowell, vicQauirh#*y, MeKissoek, McLana-
han, F. E.McLean, Morion, Nelson, Outlaw, Pea*-b*r, Feck,
Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Robbing Rn  «ey, Saeke.lt>
Savage, Scherm>'rhorti, Schoolcraft, Sbepperrt, Silvester,
Spaulding, Smnlv, Thadd^iis Stevens Stetson, Junes
Thompson. W.ilden, Waldo, W.itkmp. Wentworth, White,
Wtldrick, Williams, Wmthrop, and Young—92.
So the rules were not suspended. ' *
And the resolution was not received.
CONTESTED ELEQTrON FROM IOWA.
Mr. VAN IJYKE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution, at the same
time giving notice, that if objection was made he
should move that the rules be suspended for the
purpose of enabling him to introduce it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Retolrrd, That the Clerk of this Homo ascertain, as soon
as possible, the leaal expense? of the contested election for
the fir^t congressional di.-'trict, in ihe Ptme of f<w, and to
piv the same out of the contingent fund* of thfc Rouse; and
that he al^o pav nut of said fund ro Daniel F. M'ller. the
conte«tant in said election, his mileage and per dn'in allow-
ance from the commencement of the pre.-ent «e<sinn of
Congress until the said contest was determim d by this
House.
Objection was made to its introduction.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Van Dyke to suspend the rules.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker,
whether it would now be in order to move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Uni^n >
The SPEAKER said, that that motion would
not be in order, because a motion to suspend the
rules was already pending:.
Mr. JONES desired to inquire of the Chair,
whether the resolution proposed to be introduced
hv the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Vaw
Dyke] provided for the pay ment of the contestant.
The SPEAKER having; replied—
Mr. JONES objected, he said, to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended,"
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative-
ayes 110, noes 40.
So the rules were suspended and the resolution
was received.
And the question being- on its adoption—
Mr. VAN DYKE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
* The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the resolution was adopted-
Mr. CROWELL moved to reconsider the vote
and to lay the motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ^
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. INGE asked the unanimous consent to re-
port, bv instruction from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, a resolution to make the
business relative to the District a special order.
He remarked that no attention had yet been lie-
stowed by the House upon the business of the
District.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Repaired, That hill«? reported from the Committee on tl 9
District of Columbia be nmde the special otdrr ot the day
for the second Fndav i" Ansni-t next, and that they be con-
sidered in the order in which they stand on the calendar.
Objection was made.
Mr. INGE moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. DUER said, if the gentleman would fix a
different day he would vote for suspending the
rules to receive the resolution.
Calls to order.
Mr. INGE said, the day could be fixed after the
rules were suspended.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
MESSENGERS, &C.
Mr. McDONALD asked leave to report a reso-
lution from the Committee on Accounts; which
was read as follows :
