374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
sovereignty, is first defined who has a right to
speak the voice of the Territory; what portion of
the inhabitants shail .have the elective franchise,
shall choose representatives, who, when chosen
by that portion, represent the whole community
and gpeak Ua voice. In California we have nothing
of this. Who chose the representatives ? Whence
did those who chose them derive the power to
authorize these representatives to speak the voice
of the people of California as such? Why, sir,
without an act of Congress authorizing it, I can
conceive of but one way in which such a form cAn
be given to the inhabitants of this Territory, and
that if? by an act of revolutionism which, throw-
ing off the allegiance of their sovereign, the United
States, they thvnk proper to meet together, in their
original and prima) character of human beings,
and say that they will be an organized body with
such a form as they think proper. Bat the pres-
ent proceeding is not of that character. The very
movement shows that they were throwing them-
selves upon no such right. But they come here,
having formed a constitution which they say em-
bodies the public will of California, and ask that,
as a State, they may be admitted into this Union.
Now, sir, the business of my life as a lawyer has
inclined me to respect and follow precedents, and
I always feel regret when, either needlessly or for
e^eu sufficient cause, it becomes necessai y m any
h 4
" of phraseology, some preference for their own
mode of expression; but as to the notion that they
intended to make any essential alteration in the
article, that was all a mistake; that, so far as that
was concerned, they were not in earnest; and that
the words inserted by the Senate are to have the
same meaning as those words that had been
stricken out of the original article.
Mr. FOOTE 1 would remind the Senator that
no such words were used by the commissioners;
and he surely would not reflect upon them—one
of them is dead, the other absent.
Mr. BADGER. I am aware that no such ex-
pressions were used by them. I am not stating or
undertaking to state what they said, but the inevit-
able result of what was said. However, I meant
not to cast any reflection upon either of the gentle-
men—none at all; I merely wanted to state what
would he the result of holding the two provisions
identical in meaning. But, independently of that,
the alteration was a real and substantial one, and
was so understood by the Senate. TPc idea that
the people of these Territories should be admitted
into the Union with all the rapidity consistent
with constitutional forms, was shocking to the
minds of Senators. It was so stated on this floor;
and while the Senate was willing that at some fu-
ture time such admission might take place, there
was a decided repugnance to tying up the unfet-
psr icular instance to depart from what has been !| tered judgment and discretion of Congress,
the established usage of the nation. I think that ji I have said that this amendment was made with
it is to he regretted that the Congress of the United || remailiable unanimity. When the vote was taken,
States should ever have departed from the safe po- |; there were 49 Senators present,and the amendment
sition, that in such matters territorial management
should follow and not lead the movement of Con-
gress, and, under any pressure heretofore of cir-
cumstances, should have yielded their sanction to
an act by which a Territory assumed to itself,
without their previous warrant or invitation, to
form itself into a sovereign State. But, be that as
it may, I feel a strong repugnance to go still fur-
ther to introduce a new example, and say that, not
only without the previous sanction of Congress for
such a proceeding, but without the previous au-
thority from Congress for forming the inhabitants
of any particular district into a territorial commu-
nity, forany purpose of government whatever, they
may voluntarily associate ihemselves mto a polit-
ical State, adopt whatever rules in their organiza-
tion they may think proper, and then apply to us
to recognize them as an existing political commu-
nity—a State—and, as such, receive them into this
Union.
This, Mr. President, is the first difficulty I have.
Thete is anofhet that no gentleman has as yet al-
luded to. When this Mexican treaty was first
submitted to the consideration of the Senate, it
contained an article—the ninth article—providing
for the admission of these Territories into the
Union a<5 States as soon as, by the form of the
Constitution of the United States, that object
could be accomplished. It was, in other words,
an exact, or nearly exact, transcript of the provis-
ions made in the treaties by which we acquired
Louisiana and Florida. There lias scarcely been
an instance, I imagine, where there was any differ-
ence at all, in which the Senate was so nearly j
unanimous as against adopting any such provision, f
Allow me, in order that the matter may be under- J
stood, to call attention to the original article, and to !
the substitute adopted by the Senate. j
The words of the original article, so far as re- I
Jutes to this matter, are these: I
"The Mexicans who, in the Territories nforpsaid, shall not j
preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican Republic, ,
eo.iioriiiaftly with what is stipulated in the preceding article, 1
shall he incorporated into the Union of the United States, i
and admitted, a# .soon possible, according to the )Yrineiple$ of I
th<i l\<1crol Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights* of ji
citizens of the United tftdtt:*."
received a vote of 44 out of the 49; and,sii, I was
one of those who voted against even this amend-
ment; for I, as the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi £M.r. Foote] remembers well, and other gen-
tlemen here, was opposed to any stipulations
which might be presumed to imply even an imper-
fect obligation to admit at any time. I do not
know how the four gentlemen were influenced who
voted upon this question with me. The real sense
of the Senate then was 45 to 4 against immediate
admission. The four gentlemen who voted with
me were Messrs. Baldwj.v, Corwin, Hale, and
Webtser. Now, what are we to understand as
the fair inteipretutiou of this amended article?
There is no provision that these Territories shall
be admitted as soon as the form of the constitution
will permit, or when they shall attain a certain
population. There is nothing resembling the pro-
vision contained m the cession of northwestern
territory by Virginia to the United States, or in
the treaties by which we acquired Florida and
Louisiana—nothing at all. They are to be ad-
mitted at a proper time—to be judged of by whom?
By the Confess of the United States. Now, sir,
it seems to me, the force and effect, the purport ami
; design of that is, that Confess was first to move
: in this business; that there should be some mate-
. rial change or condition of circumstances in the
j future, to be first judged of by Congress, previous
i to a movement for admission. 1 know that, if we
! admit this State into the Union now, Congress will
, have judged of the propriety of it. No doubt
about that. Butthat article contemplated, I think,
more than this—a prior, not a subsequent ap-
i proval, that we should lead, not follow. And if,
without a territorial government, without any
treaty provision which entitles them to admission,
without any right in them, perfect or imperfect, to
ask admission, the act which has been done should
obtain our ratification, and the people of California
be now received into the Union, we shall, I think,
abandon too much of the authority and control in-
tended to be reserved to Congress by this amended j
article.
These are some of the difficulties that, I eon
The amendment made by the Senate is in these
words:
" Who in the Territories aforesaid, "hall not piescrve the
!' fess, meet me at the threshold. I admit that,, in
ij my mind, there are none of them absolutely msu-
j: perabie. Show me that the great interests of this
country can be served—show me how the angry
ciinr;"i"ti*r of citizen- of the Mexican Republic, conlbtmably i. feelings agitating different portions of it against i
with whatis -upulat_'d in the preceding article, shall be in- the other can be composed and quieted—show me '
CorpoiMtfd into tiie U.uon of the Limed States, and he ad- u  i u i e i j c   1
muted, at the proper t::ae, {to heju fre.t oj by the Ccn«ren of hf°w the bonds ofattachrnent arid confidence among '
the Vmtcd St'dps.) to tne enjoymmt of all the rights of' the several portions of this great people, now bro- 1
oiiifc-Mi-; of the United States, aecofdiug to the principle?* of *ken or weakened, can be reunited and strength-
the Constitution.-' ^ jj ene(]—g|10W me practical advantage can !
N-'jw, what was the meaning of this amendment ? -j ensue from admitting California, and, as 1 love ,,
I am very welt aware that a certain document, this Union, as I look to its preservation witbanx- f;
which excited some attention here, called the Pro- i| ous jealousy, and would say with Genera] Jack-
toco! informed some Mexican functionaries that, !j son that it must be preserved, every previous usage,
in ^th, the Senate of the United States meant [[ every forma! difficulty, every minor consideration
nothing by it; that they had some particular choice 'i will be sacrificed, and give way under the high de-
mand of that duty which I owe both to the con-
stituents 1 represent and the great Union of which
they form a member. Salus populi will then be
with me sapmna lex.
I owe it to myself, Mr. President, to say that I
have cautiously avoided alluding to anything con-
nected with the formation of this California con-
stitution, except what was necessary to explain
the objections I feci and have stated to the Senate.
And 1 am sorry my friend from South Carolina
(Mr. Butler] thought it necessary, in •urging:,
strongly as he did, his objections to that measure,
to cast some reflection—for so I think he must
have been understood—upon the President of the
United States in relation to the formation of this
constitution. Entertaining the opinions I do, and
having endeavored to express them frankly and
fully to the Senate, it is proper and just tr> say, I
feci satisfied that that high functionary and noble
gentleman has done nothing in regard to this trans-
action but what sprang from the most patriotic
motives; that he has used no power, no influence
of this Government, to stifle or control the opin-
ions, or direct the judgment and efforts of the
people of California, and made no suggestions
even to them as to the mode or form in which
they should establish theconstitution under which
they desire to live. He has done nothing—and I
confess that 1 cannot see the impropriety of that—
but to intimate to the people his opinion that it
would be proper, if they desired admission into
this Union, to form a constitution and ask admis-
sion. 1 differ from him in opinion as to the expe
diency of admitting them under present circum-
stances, hut I do not arrogate to myself any su-
periority of judgment.
Mr. BUTLER. If the honorable Senator will
permit me to make an explanation 
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, sir-, certainly. -
Mr. BUTLER. I imputed nothing to the Presi-
dent. I merely said that I thought that his course
of policy was rather unfortunate in its results.
Mr. BADGER. I am glad to hear this expla-
nation—very glad, indeed.
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me 
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator seems to
attach great importance to precedents. Perhaps no
member of this body is more remarkable for his
respect for precedents. Will he be obliging enough
to refer us to any precedent in our former history
for the interference of the Executive so far in the
affairs of California as to recommend to our fellow-
citizens there that they should proceed to estab-
lish a State Government? Observe, if you please,
that I charge no such interference on the part of
the President myself. I only allude to what the
Senator from North Carolina actually confesses to
have occurred; for I understand him distinctly to
admit the President did advise the people of Cali-
fornia to provide for themselves a State organiza-
tion. I repeat my request to the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina to refer me to a precedent
for this, if he knows of the existence of one.
Mr. BADGER. I did not make any confession
with regard to the President. I know no more of
what the President has done than the honorable
Senator from Mississippi knows. All the inform-
ation I have is contained m the President's mes-
sage and the papers accompanying it, called for
and promptly communicated; and I am sure that
he told the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
the truth. With regard to precedents, I spoke of
those which should govern in matters of legisla-
tion, with which I am concerned in the halls of
I Congress. I do not undertake to judge for the
! President of the United States what might be the
I proper course for him to pursue in the extraordi-
nary circumstances in which the country is placed,
! and which have no precedent in history. But
what I meant to aay was, that the Piesident, m
what he did, was actuated by high, patriotic mo-
tives, and did nothing, directly or indirectly, to
control or influence the Convention of California.
I desire, Mr. President, to keep this subject
entirely clear from the topics that may embarrass
the just exercise of our judgment and understand-
ing; and I take this occasion to say that if the
objections which I have stated did not exist or can
be removed, and if other objections which I had
to the early admission of these Territories into the
Union, independently of those I have stated, and
which I had when the treaty was ratified, which
