1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nn
I felt then strongly, and have continued to feel since^
were removed, I should not feel myself at liberty
to govern my vote for the admission of that State
by any consideration as to the form of govern-
ment they have adopted. I fully recognise that
when any people, properly assembling under the
laws of the United States, form a constitution and
government for themselves, they are the only au-
thoiity on earth which has a riVht to determine
Ihe particular mode in whieh the internal affairs of
the new State shaif be administered. Congress
may, and, indeed, is tiound to require that the
constitution lie republican. This is the oniy au-
thority of supervision, the only restriction upon
the full authority of the State; that she shall not
introduce into our system any monarchial or aris-
tocratic elements, which are ui.congenial with our
institutions, and might disturb the harmonious
operation of the Government. I have stated the diffi-
culties that have pressed upon my mind. 1 accord
fully with the honorable Senator from Missouri
jMr. Benton] that this is a large subject, and that
it should be fully and properly considered, and
with the honorable Senator from South Carolina
{Mr. Bdti.er] that we shouW ail make known
whatever objections, or difficulties, or opinions we
have. And 1 assure honorable Senators that, so
tar as I have stated my difficulties, I have stated
them frankly, am open to troth, and shall willingly
receive and act upon any information or argument
which may expose my errors, if into errors 1 have
fallen.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do no,t propose at present
to go into any extended remarks upon this pro-
foundly important matter. My purpose mainly is
to concur in the sentiments of the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri a«*'d the honorable member from
South Carolina in the propnety of giving to this
subject, under this motion—and it may as we!! be
done under this motion as under any other—a
cool, calm, and deliberate consideration and dis-
cussion in the Senate. It is a question that agitates
the whole country. It is a question in which all
portions of the country take a very deep interest;
and, so far as [ am concerned, it is a question that
will receive from meadispassionate,cool,calm,and
thorough examination f do not mean to say that
I shall myself give it a thorough examination; I
can only promise that, for myself, I mean to con-
sider it calmly, deliberately, and with a compie-
hensive regard, as far as I am able, to the entire
interests of the whole country. I think, sir, that
it was a very appropriate suggestion on the part of
the honorable member from Missouri, whose par-
ticular motion is now under consideration, that the
motion should take the ordinary and deliberate
course of discussion in the Senate which its great
importance demands, and that every member of
the Senate shall have an opportunity to deliberate
upon it, and to express his opinion, the result of
such deliberation. I do not wish to intimate any
purpose of immediately addressing the Senate; per-
haps I may do so in the further progress of the
question. And I take occasion, since I am up, to
say that I am exceedingly gratified with the fair-
ness and candor with which my friend, the honor-
able member from North Carolina, has expressed
himself* upon this subject. He has stated the
difficulties which he thtnks deserve the consider-
ation of the Senate, but which he does not under-
take to say are absolutely insuperable, and there-
fore he holds himself with an open and candid
mind to receive and consider any answer that may
be given. This is fair, manly, patriotic. 1 agree
that there are difficulties. I agree that the ease is
without any exact precedent m the legislation of
this country; and t hope that, if I may not, others
may be able to satisfy my friend that those difficult-
ies are not altogether insuperable; feeling that it is
our duty on this occasion to consider the case as a
case that is without precise precedent, and to apply
to ittheclearest analogies, the closest resemblances,
and the best settled principles of action in the
practice of government as well as%e may be able,
in that spirit, sir, it will be, if I say anything at
all, that I shall say it. And for the present I shall
answer my purpose by saying that I concur en-
tirely in the course suggested by the two honor-
able gentlemen on the other side of the chamber,
to whom I have alluded, and in the opinion that
it would be proper, and just, and reasonable that
this motion should be hastened to no immediate
decision, but that every member of the Senate
should have time and opportunity afforded him to
offer such argument as he may deem proper to
offer on the general subject.
Mr. HALE. I have but a word to say on this
subject. There has been something said about
precedents. I think, as far as regards one step in
the progress of this question, we are not without
precedents. And, therefore, I think 1 may appeal
with confidence to the honorable Senator from
North Carolina to give to his vote the line of
precedent. The precedent I refer to is this: Some
four or five years ago there were two exciting
questions which agitated the public mind of this
country; and, sir, it may produce a smile when I
mention them. They were " Texas" and "Ore-
gon." They were situated at the different ex-
tremes of the Union, and they went like the Siam-
ese twins, through the Presidential election, to-
gether; they were never separated. Well, sir,
they were rather embarrassing, but when the elec-
tion was over, and when we came into Congress
to settle these questions, these two loving sisters
had to separate, and Oregon had to wait in the
cold latitude of 54° 40r until Texas had been dis-
posed of. There was no considering of Oregon
then; there was no conjunction proposed then.
Texas did not have to stay out until the case of
her sister Oregon had been inquired into.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the honorable Senator un-
dertake to say that in the course of the Presiden-
tial canvass any man in the United States argued
that Oregon should be admitted into the Union as
a State > I supposed it was a mere question of
boundary. ,
Mr. HALE, li believe it was asserted in the |
newspapers of the day, and at a certain famous |
convention, that Texas ought to be annexed, and !
Oregon ought to be 
Mr. DODGE, of iowa. Reoccupied.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, that is it. The one re-
annexed, and the other reoccupied. They were
for getting Texas and Oregon; and in the North
they grew exceedingly warm about it. No man
could stand up in the northern States to advocate
the admission of Texas without connecting the
question of Oregon with it. And, sir, they did
not stop at 54° 40', but went to 54° 49' or fight.
That, l believe, was the resolution of the State of
Maine.
Several Senators. To 54° 40'.
Mr. HALE. No, sir, to 54° 49'. That was it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe that the State of
1 Maine did not go up quite so high as that in
, any action of theirs. It was a mistake of the
j printer.
: Mr. HALE. Well, printers make a good many
I mistakes. But let that pass. The precedent to
which I desired to call the attention of the Senator
was the entire separation of these two questions,
Texas and Oregon. And here I believe i can call
upon the Senator from North Carolina to go with
us, as here is a precedent —here is, as lawyers say,
antiqua via legis—one of the old cow-paths of the
law that we walked in long ago. I hope that we
shall take California by herself, and give her the
entertainment that she is entitled to; that we shall
do full and ample justice to California, and when (
we have got her safely taken care of as Texas was, j
then we shall have our hands clear and our minds j
unoccupicd, and we can then turn our attention !
to New Mexico and dispose of her; then to Des- 1
eret, and then to San Jacinto, because this comes |
next in order. I object to mingling all these to- |
gether against precedent. Sir, I too was brought |i
up a lawyer, and respect precedents, but I like jj
new precedents better than old ones, especially if /
they are good ones. The Senator from North ij
Carolina I trust will, now that I have shown him
the light of precedent, have no hesitation in fol- 1
lowing it.
Mr. BADGER. I am very certain, sir, that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire did not'
do me the honor to listen to the objections that I
stated, or he would not have urged as a precedent
a matter which has nothing to do with the subject
now before the Senate. My objection was that
this Territory had presented herself m such man-
ner and under such circumstances as no State now f
in the Union has ever occupied at the time of her
admission. What that has to do with either uni
tins Texas and Oregon together as twins, or after-
wards separating the loving sisters, and leaving
one of them in the cold regions of the North unpro-
vided for, I confess I am at a loss to discover. But
I suppose the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire did not design to make a serious argument,
but only to amuse us with his usual wit.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have not a great deal to say
upon this question, but I' desire to address to the
Senate a few remarks in regard to it, and if it, be
agreeable to Senators I will move that its further
consideration be postponed until Mondry next.
Mr. DOWNS. It will be remembered that
there is a special order for Monday. I propose
that this be postponed until Tuesday.
The motion to postpone until Tuesday was
agreed to.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
ad journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 18, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. L1TTLEF1ELD rose to inquire of the
Speaker what was the regular order of business
for this day ?
The SPEAKER said, it was the call of the
States for resolutions.
Mr. LITTLE
der of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories for resolutions, commencing
in the reverse order thereof, with the Territory of
Minnesota; when
Mr. SIBLEYsubmitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed tomqune mto the expediency of "ranting to-the
Tcrmorii'S ot Minnesota and Oregon an amount of land
equal t<> two township* each, for the support ol a university
in each ot said Territories.
Mr. PHCENIX asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present certain joint resolutions
of the Legislature of New York.
Objection was made.
Mr. PHCENIX asked that the resolutions
might be read for information.
The SPEAKER said the State of New York
i had not yet been called.
Objection having been made, the resolutions
were neither received nor read,
j Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the rules be
! suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
] Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
| for the purpose of resuming the consideration of
I the President's Message.
| The SPEAKER stated the question.
| Mr. DUER rose to a question of order. When-
| ever the States were called for resolutions, (he
jsaid,) the attainment of that object was almost
! always frustrated upon resolution day by motions
made by gent/emen to suspend the rutes.
Mr. McCLERNAND called the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Duer] to order.
Mr. DUER said he was stating his pointof or-
der. It was this—that after the call of the States
for resolutions had been commenced, no gentle-
man had a right to the floor for any purpose, un-
less his State were called; and that the Chair had
no right to assign him the^oor when any gentle-
man from a State which had been called was an
applicant for it.
The SPEAKER said, that according to the uni-
versal practice of" the House, to which it was be-
lieved there had been no exception, the Chair
must overrule the point of order. The Chair had
no doubt on the point.
So the point of order was overruled.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. McClernand; and the vote
bavins; been taken, and the Spkaker having an-
nounced that the noes appeared to have it—•
Mr. McCLERNAND called fur tellers; who
were refused.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOTY offered the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved. Th.1t the Committee on Tcmtoiies he instruct-
ed to prepare ami report a bill providing tor the a.imi« on of
California into the Union on an equal too una with th« ori-
umal States, with the boundaries and limits defined in the
Constitution of  aid State of California winch was c omsnuni-
c.iled to the House with the. special i. c^-ane of tho Presi-
dent of the United States on the 13ih of February instant;
said bill to embracc no iubjuct or matter relating to tern-
