1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
the gentleman from Missouri proposes to reaffirm
ami apply the Missouri line in Lhe sense and spirit
of its original adoption, I cannot doubt its right-
ful interpretation would sanction and recognize the
right of settlement wiih slaves south of the line.
Sull, if any doubt can exist, or is entertained by
honorable members in relation to this construction,
by all means let it be made explicit and clear be-
yond the,j>ossibihty of misconstruction. With
this purpose I shall cheerfully sustain and now
advocate the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky. We have already had, Mr. Chair-
man, sad experience of the mischief arising from
the use of ambiguous phrases, and the adoption
of platforms of doubtful construction. I believe
the present anti-slavery agitation owes much of
its extent and intensity to the mistaken policy
of adopting delusive phrases and positions, sus-
ceptible of double construction, with the vain
purpose of uniting in party action the opposing
sections of the Union.
In the last Presidential canvass, instead of hav-
ing a fair, just conception of the views of the two
sections, each was deceived by such delusive con-
structions and ambiguous phrases into the belief
th*t they w^re acting on common principles, when
the most n dical difference in purpose and views in
f^ct prevailed. Such was ceitamly the case, to a
considerable extent with the Democratic patty.
The doctrine of non-intervention, as it is called,
unquestionably had a very different construction
at the North and at the South. In my own State
if it had received the construction put upon it here
by nothern men, or been explained as it has since
been by the distinguished candidate of the Demo-
cratic party, I feel assured he could not have com-
manded the vote even of my own State, staunch
as she has ever been m her adherence to the prin-
ciples and candidates of the Democracy. ]No,sir,
a very difTeient exposition was given of this doc-
trine m the South. And now, when the difference
is exhibited in legislative action here, the sense of
disappointment and delusion adtls greatly to the
feeling of injustice and wrong which rankles in
the breasts of the southern people. The party is
shaken—wellnigh rent asunder by the legitimate
result of such contrariant and antagonistic
opinions. The only earthly chance of ever re-
uniting and consolidating it again, will be forever
to discard such miserable shifts and deceptions,
and to adopt some measuie of justice and equality,
such as the Missouri compromise, in a spirit and
with an understanding that can admit in the future
no paltering or equivocation.
Mr. INGE called for the reading of the amend-
ment. It was rrad.
Mr. McWlLLIE asked Mr. Seddon to with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. SEDDON withdrew it.
Mr. McWiLLlE said that he renewed the
amendment, with the hope that it would pass. He
was aware that there were those who doubled the
construction of the Missouri compromise line.
That is, whetheror not, when it prohibited slavery
north of the parallel of 36° 30' north latitude,
it was to be understood as recognizing slavery
south of that line. This is the only sensible mean-
ing of the Missouri compromise—that it was a di-
vision of the territory between the 3iaveholdmg
and the non-slaveholding States. Butas this con-
struction is1 doubted, and as certainty should be
one of the first objects of every legislator, i am not
for sending this question to the courts and involv-
ing it in this free soil controversy. The court
has heretofore enjoyed the confidence of the coun-
try, and we ought not to involve it in this contro-
versy—the effect would be to destroy the influence
of the court either North or South. If it decided
against the South, it would, possibly, be denoun-
ced as a free-soil court; and if it should decide
against the North, it would be denounced as a pro-
slavery court, and the Wilmot proviso would be
applied. [Htre Mr McW. was interrupted by
Mr. Duer, of New York, who said that the North
would abide the judgment of the court.] To
this Mr. McW. replied, that the vote which had
just been taken gave evidence to the contrary,
for on that vote nearly every northern Whig voted
that no slave State should ever enter the Union,
ev<-n though the people forming their constitution
arid appi)ing for admission should desire it. He
.had counted the Whigs of the North as they passed
between the tellers, and they were like angels' vis-
its, few and far between.
I hope this amendment will be adopted, as de-
claratory of the true intent and meaning of the
Missouri compromise, and that the compromise,
when thus amended, will be adopted. I beheve
that it is the only settlement of the present slavery
agitation, which has the strength necessary to give
peace and quiet to the country. I believe that any
other settlement will plant the seeds of death in
this Confederacy. It is a maxim that revolutions
never go backwards; and any one who has noticed
the present excitement cannot doubt but that its
cause is onward—and onward—and downward—
and downward—>.vith a constantly accelerated ve-
locity. This Missouri compromise has a pre-
scription of thirty years in its favor—has been
twice acquiesced m by the people, and is under-
stood by everybody. Let us meet and settle this
question—it is a political question which should
be decided by Congress, and not by the courts.
Let us act like men, meeting the responsibilities
that are devolved upon us, and not shuffle them off
on others. Congress has the power to remove the
Mexican laws if they are of force in California,
or the Territories. If, then, they exist by the suf-
ferance of Congress, and should be removed, we
ought not to refer the people to a lawsuit for the
ascertainment of their rights.
Mi. McW. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed the amendment of
Mr. Marshall, for the purpose, he said, of re-
plying to the remarks made by the gent eman from
Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,] and the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Mc Willie] The gentleman
from Virginia has taken occasion to put his con-
struction upon the Democratic doct)ine of non-inter-
vention, and maintains that the South, in the can-
vass of 1848, held that the Democratic party were
pledged by the platform oT the National Conven-
tion, to secuie to the South their assumed claim to
extend slavery into the Territories south of 3b° JU',
and that the South gave their support to the nomi-
nee of the Convention upon that construction of
non-inteivenlion, and would not have voted for
General Cass upon any other terms. That the
present position of the Northern and Western De-
mocracy was in violation of the principle asserted
and maintained in the canvass ot 1848.
Mr. S. said he had risen to repel the implied
charge of bad faith, and to give the true construc-
tion to the national doctrine ot non-intervention.
He denied the construction of the gentleman
from Virginia. He did not wish to be deceived
himself, or deceive southern gentlemen upon the
subject. It was time that all parties and sections
of the country spoke out plainly upon this exci-
ting topic.
The North and West in their advocacy of the
doctrine of non-intervention, had maintained that
non intervention was the let-alone policy, leaving
to all sections of the country their legal and consti-
tutional rights in the Territories, as they attached
under the tieaty of annexation, to be asserted and
maintained in a legal and constitutional manner.
He had hitherto believed that the patriotic Democ-
racy of the South desired the question of slavery
in the Territories left to the determination of the
people of the Territories, and were willing to
abide the decision of whatever right they claimed
in regaid to the extension of slavery into the Ter-
ritories to be determined by the judicial tribunals
of the country, and ultimately to the people of the
Territories in the establishment of their organic
law.
If southern gentlemen claimed more for the prin-
ciple of non-inlet oentioit, and desired now to per-
vert the national platform of the Democratic party
into a license to extend slavery into any portion ot
the now free territory of the Union, it is time that
there should be a perfect understanding upon that
subject. The northern Democracy would not per-
mit the perversion, nor submit to any construction
of the issue openly and fairly made in 1848,
which would sanction the extension of slavery into
free territory. The time has come for undisguised
speaking and action upon this grave subject. Let
us all speak out, and face the tiue issues, and take
upon ourselves the responsibility which attaches.
The North do not intend to give the South any
license to extend slavery. They do not believe
that slavery can lawfully go into the Territories
without the aid which it is not their purpose or in-
tention to give.
The honorable gentleman from Mississippi has
avoioed that the South will not submit their rights
to extend slavery into the Territories to a judicial
determination, it was the first time he had heard
that determination boldly avowed. He knew Lhe
intelligence and high character of the gentleman
who made the assertion, and had no doubt of his
sincerity in making it. Has it come to this, that
the South assert upon the floor of Congress a
constitutional and legal right, which they ate not
willing to submit to be determined by the only
tribunal known to the Constitution competent to
decide!!
Sir, has the Supreme Court of the United States
sunk so low that southern gentlemen are unwil-
ling to trust their constitutional rights to be de-
teimined by that tribunal? Js it a want of confi-
dence in the court, or a distrust of lhe assumed
right? The gentleman intimates his want of con-
fidence in the court, and it is not for me to ques-
tion his motives.
Sir, I regret this avowal, and admonish gentle-
men that iheir course will gam no advocates or
strength from a repetition. Sir, 1 repeat, it is
time we had a perfect understanding upon this sub-
ject. The northern Deinociacy have deceived no
one in regard to their principles or theiravowed de-
termination to withhold all aid, license, or consent
to the extension of slavery into free territory, if
the South have deceived themselves it is not my
fault, or the fault of the Democratic party, and I
intend to vindicate the Democracy of the North
from all such intimations let them come Irom
whom they may. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CLEVELAND renewed., it, and said he
believed they had had about talk enougn on this
question. The people throughout the country,
both South and North, demanded action and not
further talking. He therefore renewed the amend-
ment for the purpose of having a vote, and he
gave notice that he would not withdraw it lor any
gentleman.
Mr. INGE suggested to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] to modify the amend-
ment by suu^ tituuu^ the word " protecting " for
" permuting."
Mr. CLEVELAND said the amendment was
now his, and he should consent to no modification.
The amendment (originally offered by Mr.Mia-
shalju) was again read.
And the question being on its adoption—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Mr.
McLean, of Kentucky, and Mr. Sweetser were
appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 43, noes 93.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (in his seat)—t( and
report the bill."
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 28, noes 98.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. INGE renewed the amendment of Mr.
Marshall, modifying it by substituting the word
" protecting for " permuting."
Mr. INGE said: I offer as an amendment to the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky, just
rejected by the committee, with a single alteration,
to wit: the substitution of the word " protecting"
for permitting, for the purpose of avowing a dis-
tinction, lor which I have always contenued. In
my opinion the Constitution carries slavery to the
Territories, whether the Mexican laws piohibited
it anterior to their acquisition or not. W here such
laws existed they were abrogated by the Constitu-
tion. The North entertain a different opinion,
which has from the beginning of this controversy
been openly promulgated. This of itself is ob-
struction to the practical enjoyment of our rights,
which ought to be obviated.
While I do not ask Congress to permit slavery,
I do insist that it is bound by legislation to secuie
Us practical enjoyment in that portion of the ter-
ritory which may be allotted to the South by a
partition; and therefore i will accept no adjust-
ment which does not in effect remove all these ob-£
structions which our adversaries say exist. i do
not ask the creation of a right by legislation, but
the protection of a constitutional right prtexisung.
This to be adequate must be plain and explicit—
free from a double meaning and not tainted with
that jesuittcal horror ol slavery, which has so long
marked theccurse of the North. No permission is
asked to emigrate to the Territories, but unequivo-
cal protection to our property after we get there.
