1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mf:
Henry, Hoagland, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Julian,
D P." King, "George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Pr< stem King, Liltlefield, H. Mann, Matte^on, MeGaughey,
McKissoek/Meacham, Moore, Nelson, Ojle, Oids, Ous,
Pi a lee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reynolds,
Rjsley, Rol>ju->ori, Rockwell, iioot, Sawtelle, Schenck,
Sell* rmerhom, . < hooieraf;, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague,
T. Stevens, Stetson, Strong, SweeU-tr, Ta\ lor, William
Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, WaJ-
den, Waldo, Wentworth, While, Whittleney, Wildriek,
Wilmot, Wilson, Wmtlnop, and wood—109.
So the House refused to. go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then again recurred on ordering
the main question to be taken on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, I move
that this House adjourn. 1 am shilling either to
go inlo committee, or to adjourn—either one or
the other-—though I should prefer to go into com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
The Chair must enforce the rules. Gentlemen
will take their seats, that order may be restored
ir* the hall.
Mr. INGE demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn.
Forty-five members voted in favor of the yeas
and nays; so they were otdered.
The question, " Shall this House adjourn ?" was
then taken and decided in the negative—yeas 52,
nays 137; as follows:
YE\S—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bowdori, Albert G. Biown, Cuit, E (J. Caht li, Clingman,
Colcock, Coniad, Daniel, Featherston, Ishani G. Harris,
Samp-on VV. Harris, flaymond, Ililhard, Howard, Hal-bard,
luge, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Ketr,
La Sere, McDowell, McLmahan, Robert M. McLane, Mc-
Mullen. McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Mill-on, Motehead,
Morse, Morton, Otr, Outlaw, Parker. Powell, Si-ddon, F.
P. Stao'on, Richard 11. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Venable, Wallace,
Williams, and Woodward—52.
N \Y6—Mes-rs. Alhert-on, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrew-*, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Bowlin,
Boyd, Breek, Briggs, Brooks, Wilhain J. Brown, Buel,
Buiiows, Chester hutler, Thomas. B. Butler, Joseph Cable,
Geor-re A. Caldwell, Joseph P Caldwell, Campbell, Carter,
Chandler, Claik, Cleveland, Williamson R. W.Cobb, Cole,
Conger, Coi win, Deberry, Dickey, Dmimiek, Doty, Duer,
Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Aiex. Evans, Nathan Evans,
Evvmg, Pitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry,
Giddings, G'>oderiow, Gott, Gould, Green, Griniieli. Hall,
Halloway, Hampton, Haralson, Harlan, Thomas L. Ilairis,
Hay, Hebard, H'-iuv, Hibhatd, Hoagland, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, D.
P. King, George G King, James G. King, John A. King,
Pre&toii King, Leffler, LtttletiHd, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, Mattu-on, MeKi>sock, Meaeham, Miller,
Moore, O^le, Olds, Otis, Ptaslee, Peek, Phelps, Phcenix,
Pitman, Potter,Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Rislev, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Sackett, Savage,
Sawtelle, Sehenek, Schemn'rhorn, Schoolcraft, Sheppctd,
Sil\ester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeu* Stevens,
Stetson, Sfiong, Sweetser, Tayloi, William Thompson,
Thurman, Uwd^rlnil, Van Dvke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo,
Watkin*, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildiick, Wii-
niot, Wilson, Winthrop, Wood, and Young—J37.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the rules be
suspended, and'that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, but
withdrew the demand.
Mr. CARTER, lenewed it.
The SPEAKER counted the affimatives and
declared the number to be 28: (not enough.)
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Messrs.
McLane, of Maryland, and Kisg, of Rhode
Island, were appointed.
The question was then again taken, and the
affirmative vote was declared to be 51. So the
yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question, "Will the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?" was then taken and decided m
the negative—yeas 81; nays 110; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs AMon, Anderson, A«he, Avrrelt, Bay,
liavlv, Beale, Bissell, Bowdon, Breek, Albert C. B"™n>
William J. Brown, Butt, E. C. Cabell, (ieorgeAllrod Cald-
well J. P. Caldwell, Chm.'tnan, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Darnel, Deberr>,Edmiindsnn,Ewin«, Feaihersion,
Gieen. Hall. MiamG. Hams, Sampson W. Hirris 'rhonia*
1,. Hains, Havmond, IJillaid, Holmes, Howard Hubbard,
Jnw, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, It. \\ • Jallnt0">
Jnne- Kaufman, Kerr, La Sere, Lefller.J. Mami. Mar.'hidl,
Ma-on McClemand, MtDowill, Mc^anahan, Robert M.
Kf JWo«en, McB.liie, Meade, Miller, M.llson,
Morehead, Morse, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, la'k">
Pirellis Powell, Rnhliins, Savatte, St-ddon, Sbepperd, F. P.
Stanton Hichaid II- Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, \ enable,
Wallace, Watkins. Wellborn, Williams, Woodward, and
Young-431.
W-AJTS—iMessrs. Albertson, AJpxander, Allen, Andrews,
Baker, Bennett, Bingham, Booia, Briggs, Biooks,Burrows,
Chester Buttei, Thomas B Butiei, Jo.-eph Cable, Campbell,
Carter, Chandlei, Claik, Cleveland, Cote, Conger, Cot win,
CrowelJ, Dtinmick, Doty, Duer, DurKee, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, fitch, Fowh.r, Fieedtey, Fuller, Gcuy,
Gtddings, Gilmore, Goodeuow, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Ho<igland, Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, Julian, Damtl P. King, Geoige G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Lutto i«ld,
Horace Mann, Alattcson, McDonald, &< Gaughey, MeKis-
sock, JMeachani, Moore, NeK-on, O^le, Old?., Ou>, l'ea?iee,
Peck, PhumiA, Pumati, Potter, Putnam, lt^ynolds, Kisie^,
Robinson, Kockvvell, Root, Rose, Saekett, caw telle,
Schenek, Schermeihorn, Schooloratr, Silvester, Spalding,
Sprague, Stanly, 'l'had. Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Svveeu-er,
Taylor, Wiu. Thompaon, Thuunan, Underbill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, Weiitvvoult, White,
Whittlesey, WiJdnck, Wilmot, Wilson, Wuuliiop, and
Wood—110.
[Before the above vote was announced, Mr.
Harlan, who was without the bar when hts
name was culled, desired to record his vote. He
stated that he would have voted in the negative if
he had been present. The privilege of recording
his vote was not granted.]
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. YKNABLE moved that the House do now
adjourn, and asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and being taken were—yeas 55, nays 131;
as follows:
YEAS—Mes?ts. Alston, A\ erett, Bajly, Beale, Bowdon,
Albe tG brown, Burt, E C. t ahoU, (.Itugtnan, Colcock,
Daniel, Dcbeiry, Eiimund-on, Fcathuston, Green, Miam G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Uiiliaid, IJolmus, Howuid,
Hubbard, Iiiye, li. W. Johnson, Jones, Kautm.in, Kerr, L-i
jreie, Mason, McDowell, McMullen, M'-Clueen, MeWilhe,
Meatle, Mtilaen, Moieittad, Moise, Morion, On, Outlaw,
Owen, Paikur, I'oueil, Sfddon, btaul>, Fudctiek P. tit.m-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, J. B.
Thompson, Toombs Venable, Wallace, Welloom, VVil-
hams, and Woodward—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Albert-on, Alrxand^r, Allen, Anderson,
Andews, hay, Bennett, Biughaui, Bisstll, Mooth, Bovvhn,
Bnggs, Brooks, William J. Biovvn, Bui I, Buriows, Chestci
Butler, U homas B Butl r, J. Cable,Geoige Aifieit Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Caitcr, Cbaudier, Clark, Cu-veland,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Ciowell,
Dunmick,D-'ty,Duei, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewmg, Fuch, fowler, Kietdley,
Fullei, G-ntty, C^rry, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Gnnnell, Hall, Hallowa\, Hampton, Harlan, '1 homa*
L. HatriSjllay, Haymoud, liebard, Henry, Hoagland, Howe,
Hunttr, Jack-on, Andrew John-on, Julian, Dam I F. King,
James G. King. John A Kim>, Preston King, U« Itler, Lutie-
field, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matu-sun, Mc-
Clernan(l,M« Donald. McGanahej ,McKfs-oi k, MeLanahan,
Meacham, Miller, Moore, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee,
Phelps, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Re> nold-, Kisle>, Robbtn ,
Rolnn-on, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Sac lieu, Savage, sawtelle,
Sihenck, Schermeihoriv Schodcrait, Shepard. Silvester,
Spaldina, Sprague, Thaddeus Stephens, Stetson, Strong,
SweUsei, Taj lor, Wm. Thompson, Tliurinati, undeihtll,
Vinton, Waiden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
Whittlesey, VVndiiek, Wilmot, Wilson, Wu.throp, Wood,
and Young—131.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Twenty-five members voted to second the de-
mand: (not enough.)
Mr. JO.NES 'asked for tellers, who were or-
dered, (and Messrs. Harris, of Tennessee, and
Evans, of Ohio, were appointed.)
The affirmative vote was then taken and de-
clared to be 58.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question, "Will the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?*' was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas bO, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Biy,
Bavlv, B *ale, Bowdon, Bovvhn, Bo\d, Kreek, Albeit G.
Biown, William J. Biown, Burt, E. Carrington Cabell,
George Alfred Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, citngman,
Williamson R W. Cobb, Colcock, Com ad, Dam.-l, D<-beny,
Edmund-on, Ewmg, Featiierston, Gcntrv. Gilmore, Green,
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, ilajmond,
Hilliard, Holmes, Howaid,Hubbard,Inge, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
Kerr La Sere, Job Mann, Marshall. Mason, Mi Dowel!,
McLinalian, Robert M. McLane, McQueen, McWtlhe,
ftleade, Miller, Millson, Mtuehead, Slorse, Morton, Oir,
Outlaw, Owtn, Parker, Powell, Robbms, Savage, Seddon,
Sheppard, Stanlv, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tuomb-,
Venable, Wallace, Waikins, Wellborn, Williams, and
Woodward—£-0.
NAYd—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bissell, Booth, Brigs*, Biook*, Burrows, Chestei But-
ler, Thomas B Butier, Joseph Cable, Calvin. Carter, Chaua-
\pf Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conner, Corwin. Crowell,
Dickey, Dimnnek, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Alex
atider Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, FreedJey, Fuller,
Geiry, Gsddings, G.oodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinneti, Hallo-
way, Hampton, Harlan, H iy, Hebard, Henry, Hojuitiud,
Hnn>ton, Howe, Hunter, Jackson. Daniel P. Kins. Geoige
G. Kin!!, Jtines G. King. John A. King> P King, Leffler, LU-
tlefiebl, Horace Mann, Maiteson, M« Gaughey, MeKissock,
Menchani,Mooie, Nelson, Otis, Peaslee, P  ek, Pttinan, Pat-
nam, Reynolds, Richardson, Ri-ley, R>ckvvell, Root, Sack"
ett,Sdwtelle, Selienck, Seliermerhorn, Bchooleralt, Silves-
ter, Spalding, Spramie, Thaddeus Stfvens, Stetson, Strong,
Sweetser, Taylor," William Thompson. Tburinan, Under-
bill, Van Dyke, Vnjton, Walden, WTaldo, W-ntworth,
White, WbittU-sey, Wildnck, Wilmot, WiJoOri, Winlhrop,
and Wood—100.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the unnnimotis con-
sent of the House to introduce a series of resolu-
tions.
Mr. CARTER objected.
Mr* KAUFMAN moved that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable him to introduce
the resolutions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the yeas
and riays.
Mr. CARTER inquired of the Speaker, if it
was in order to interrupt the business before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move that
the rulesof the House be suspended.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked that the resolutions
might be resd.
The SPEAKER said"the resolutions would be
read for information.
And they were read as follows:
Whereas the union of these States is founded upon tbo
equa.ihj of its members, and can only be pre-etvid by the
cultivation of iricndship and kind feehngsainongsttiic peo-
ple theieof; and
Whereas it is of vital importance immediately and finally
to settle nil the vauouv que-uon- an-ing out of i-lavery that
now distinct the eountrv,and that aie rapidly mowing the
seeds ot atu-nanon and distrust between ihe different sec-
tions ot this gi eat Confederacy • Therefore,
1st. Be it Resolved, That, in accordance with the prece-
dents established in the admission of Iowa and Wiseon-in,
California should not be admitted into the Union as a St ite
without a testuction of her hmit>, and that her southern
boundary ought to he the line ot 3o° iiO' noith latitude.
s2d Resolved, That the people of eaeh'femtory having a
sufficient population, after its boundaries are fixed and the
qualifications of its voters are prescribed by Congrts-, have
the unquestionable right to decide for themselves whether
or not slaverr shall exist within its limits, when they irieet
to frame their constitution preparatory to their application
lor udmis&ion as a State ot the Union.
3d. Resolved, That notwithstanding the principle laid
down in the second resolution \> apparently sell-evident
and no v admitted by all, yet it should be remember* d that
it wa-r demtd by the non-slavehoMwg Suites on the applb a-
tion ot Missoun for admission into the Union ; and herad-
mivion was notconsnmmand until the North, sustained by
numbers, absolutely abolished slavery in jour-fiftte of Use
slave territory purchased from Fiance under the name of
Louisiana.
4th. ResolveJ, That, waiving the expres«6n of any opin-
ion by Congress as tons eonsmulioiml power to prohibit or
establish slavery in the teiritones of the United States, Jt
U heieby declared to be improper ami unjust for Congress
to provide by law for the introduction or inhibition ot sla-
very in said temtories, and that appropriate territorial gov-
ernments ought to be established h>' Congress in -aid terri-
tories not included within the proposed hunts of California,
without any provision whatever upon the subject of sla-
very.
oili. Resolved, That the western boundary ofTexas is the
Rio Grande from its mouth to its source, and thence north to
the4^d degree of north latitude, and that to legislate upon
the boundaty of Texas (or any other State) arter her ad-
mission into the Union, without her consent, would be an
enormous assumption of power, a palpable infraction of the
Constitution, and subversive ol the very foundations of this
Go\ eminent. , . .
6th. Resolved, That Texas, pievioui to her admission,
bavin-' agieed only that the treaty-making power might ne-
gotiate with Mexico in regaid to her boundary, it would be
a gross violation ot the compact of annexation, and a breach
of good faith, for thia Hou-e to attempt the exeicise of any
control over a question, refeired by itself m the passage of
the annexation resolutions, and, indeed, by the people of ^
the. United States and Te\a-, to the tredty-mSkmg power,
viz : the Presiduut Willi the advice of two-thirds oi the fiseu-
at7th. Rcsjlved, That after the unconditional recognition of
the boundaries of Tesa^, as claimed by her at the peri<£ of
the admission, nhickkace not beet curtailed lytreaty vxihMex-
ico negotiations should be entered into between thfc Gov-
enlmenUi of the U.med State* and Twrns lor the
ot such portion of the noithern territory of a
be compatible with her polfcjr anil !{ >} Uintcrt
for i! va lit.ible cons-tdeiation : Provided, 1 Iwt in mch negoti-
m?on< u slull He aipulat-d, as a ft..,lame,,till conriit.™ uf
-aid Mirrei'der, that no !eai.-lation shall ever he had by Con-
!ire-s in «ueh Territory on the subject of 5,amy.
8th. Resolved, That vraivii.g uy <"xp'es .nn of opimnn m
to the C'li.sti.uuonal power ot Congress to aboh>h ■ lave, y
in the D.-'triet of Columbia, it is hereby dec arwl unjust anil
11 bad faith not only to Marjlaud, but to the whole South,
t!! ahohsli slavery ill raid District, and such a proportion
should not be tolerated* . . , .
9th Resolved, That in regard to the subject of bringing
slaves into the District of Columbia, merelv for sale, a lim-
ited discretionary power should be invested m the Coipora-
tions of Washington and Georgetown, provided thatsnid
