1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
He concluded by withdrawing the amendment,
at the request of .
Mr. WOODWARD, who renewed it.
Mr. WOODWARD had but two views to pre-
sent. We were told, that if the question whether
rights in slave property in the Territories, be recog-
nized by the Constitution, should be determined
by the courts either for or against those rights,
good faith, and respect for the decision of the court,
would bind the North to abstain from further in-
terference. Now, sir, this is delusive: the court
might decide, that in the absence of prohibitory
legislation, these rights were recognized by the
Constitution, and yet, at the same time, decide that
Congress could abolish slavery in tfie territories.
And if Congress have such power, the exercise of
it, when an occasion arose, would not be bad faith
towards the court, or any disrespect to its judg-
ment, as to what was the true construction of the
Constitution By permitting this question, there-
fore, to go to the court, the North come under no
obligations to let us alone hereafter, unless Con-
gress so provide expressly.
We know, indeed, of a certainty, that the Fed-
eral Court would decide in favor of the power of
Congress to abolish slavery in the Territories, sup-
posing it existed there; and a decision that it did
exist there, could not destroy this power in Con-
gress. I believe the court has been in error, but
it will be governed by its own decisions and not
by my opinions. If the idea that slavery is recog-
nized by the Constitution in the Territories, be in-
consistent with the idea, that Congress can abolish
it there, then it is mockery to refer the question to
the courts; for the history of Federal jurispru-
dence shows, that the court would decide in favor
of such power in Congress.
Now as to non-intervention. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] says that this has
been the doctrine of the gieat Democratic party
north. No such thing, sir. They have ever voted
to prohibit slavery north of 36° 30'. Since this
docrtine of non-intervention was professed by
them, they have, on many occasions, relative to
Oiegon and other Territories, voted to prohibit
slavery. Whenever the Missouri compromise
was to be executed in their favor, north of 36° 30',
intervention has invariably been the doctrine: it
was only when that compromise was to be carried
out south of 36° 30', that non-intervention became
the doctrine. One doctnne for the North, and
another for the South.
Non-intervention was never dreamed of, until
the expedient of using Mexican laws against the
South, was agreed upon. The doctrine was then
invented, in order to save these Mexican laws
from being interfered with, and to permit them to
intervene against southern emigrants.
Mr CARTTER inquiied whether the doctrine
of non-intervention did not originate in theSouih?
Mr. WOODWARD. The word non-interven-
tion originated with the South, but that spurious
and false construction which has been put upon
it, had no such origin. What Mr. Calhoun meant
was, that Congress should not interfere with the
constitutional question of the existence of slavery
in the territory of the Union; and not that Con-
gress should be absolved fiom 113 obligation, to
legislate for the protection of every right, existing
under the Constitution. As to myself, I repu-
diated the word from the first, and attempted to
expose the false doctrine which 1 foresaw would
be bj^jlt upon it.
Messrs. FOWLER and SEDDON respectively
appealed to Mr. Woodward to withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD declined to withdraw.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for the
reading of the amendment to the amendment.
It was read.
And the question being upon its adoption—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Featherston and Fowler were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 24, noes 88; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to call the
roll.
Mr. ASHE. I move to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in or-
der.
Mr. ASHE. Well, let gentlemen make any
other motion. I am not particular.
The roll was then called—after which,
The CHAIRMAN rose and reported the facta
to the House, and the names of the absentees were
ordered to be entered on the Journal.
A quorum having again appeared—
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in com-
mittee.
The question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
committee rise.
Tellers (iMeprs. Johnson, of Arkansas, and
RoB-BiNs) were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 45, noes 86.
So the committee refused to rise.
And the question recurred 011 the amendment of
Mr. Inge.
The amendment was again read.
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Jones and
Morris,)
And the question having been taken, the vole
stood, ayes 21, noes 82.
No quorum voting, the roll was then again called.
The CHAIRMAN rose, and reported the fact,
and a quorum having appeared, the Chairman re-
sumed his seat in committee.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the committee rise,
and demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. HoLiwes and
Venable were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 26, noes 90.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Inge—
Tellers were again appointed, viz: Messrs J. A.
King and Johnson, of Arkansas.
The quesuun was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 18, noes 96, no quorum.
One or two additional members itported them-
selves to the Chair, desiring to vote.
Objections were made by Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi, and Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to
receiving additional votes, and the point ot oider
made, uiat in compliance with the rule, the roil
must be called.
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to call the
roll.
The call having been concluded,
The committee rose and lepoited the names of
the absentees to be enteied upon the Journal.
A quorum having answered to their names—
Tne CHAIRMAN resumed his seat.
The question then recuned on the amendment.
Mr. "V ENABLE move J that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 54, noes 93.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question then again recurred on the amend-
ment. * ,
Tellers were ordered and Messrs. Mason and
Ogle were appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood,
ayes 15, noes 9i).
No quorum voting.
The 10II was then again called.
The CHAIRMAN rose and reported the facts
to the House.
A quorum was again present.
Mi. BAYLY and others addressed the Speaker.
rl he SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House, that he cannot iecogmze any member.
The rule requires that immediately upon its being
ascertained that a quorum is pieseni the Chair-
man must resume his seat, and no motion can be
entertained.
The Chairman resumed his seat.
Mr. DUER. With a view of moving a call of
the House to get a quoiuin and proceed with the
public business, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. JONEi> made the po;nt of ordei,that the
motion could not now be received, for the reason
that the committee weiein theactot dividing upon
the amendment when they found themselves with-
out a quoium; and tor the further reason, that no
action had intervened since the vote upon the last
motion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and decided that the motion was out of order.
Mr. DUER. According to the Chairman's de-
cision we must sit here forever; we can make no
motion when the Speaker is in the Chair, and
none m committee. 1 appeal from the decision.
The CHAIRMAN said that no action had
been had since the last motion to rise; the motion,
therefore, was not in order.
Some conversation ^followed, in the course of
which it was suggested that the roil had been
called since the vote upon the last motion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN reconsidered his decision,
and, on the ground that the call of the roll techni-
cally constituted action, entertained the motion.
Mr. JONES, remarking that he felt satisfied #
that the Chairman was now wrong, appealed.
The question was taken, and decided m the af-
firmative—ayes 91, noes 30.
So the decision was sustained, and the motion
to rise was decided to be in order.
The question wns then taken, and decided in
the affirmative, without a division.
So the committee rose and reported.
Mr. DUER moved a call of the House.
Messrs. EVANS, of Maryland, THOMPSON,
of Mississippi, and HOLMES simultaneously
moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and
The SPEAKER announced—ayes 70, noes 65.
The yeas and nays were asked and oidercd.
The question was again taken, ar.d decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON. As we have been talking a
good deal about California 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The Chair
will state to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Robinson,] that there is a question pending which
has precedence over other business.
Mr. ROBINSON. What question ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Duer] that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. As I be-
lieve that a call of the Hou^e can result in no good,
1 ask to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will state to the
gentleman thai, on motions for a call of the House,
or to adjourn, motions to be excused from voting
are riot i 1 oider. That is a class of votes to
which the privilege of the rule does not extend.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision.
And I ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. When a motion for a call of
the House is pending, there can be no appeal from
the decK-ion of the Chair.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. 1 appeal from that decif-
ion.
The SPEAKER. On motions for a c.all of the
House and to adjourn, there can be noappeeU from
the decision of the -/hair. The question is on the
motion for a call of the House.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STAiNLY. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The House has just voted on amotion to adjourn,
and rejected it.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted, that there had
been inteiveiling action since the motion 10 ad-
journ was decided, the yeas and nays having been
ordered.
The SPEAKER entertained the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. WHITE desired to be informed, whether
it would be in order to move that the House take
a recess for two hours?
The SPEAKER. ' By unanimous consent.
The yeas and nays were called for, and ordered
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY then withdrew that motion;
and, rematkntg that he should adjourn himself,
took ins hat and umbrella, tacked ship, and stood
out of the Hall.
Mr. CL1NGMAN renewed the motion that the
House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken, were—yeas 76, nays 88.
So the House refused to adjourn
The question recurring upon the motion for a
call of the House, on whieh the yeas and nays
had been ordered,
Mr. HOLMES moved to lay that motion on
the table.
The motion was not received, not being in
order.
The SPEAKER again announced the question,
Mr. WILLIAMS. The rule of the .House re-
quires that no member shall be absent without
leave; and being absent, he is liable to be repri-
manded. Having paired off with the gentleman
