1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29.
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Grinnell,] I ask to
be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out of
order.
Tue question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 78, nays 78—a tie.
§ So the House did not order a call.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas
71, nays 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARALSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of the
Clerk's office the petition of the citizens of Atlanta,
in the State of Georgia, for the establishment of an
arsenal of construction at that place, and to refer
it to the Committee on'Military Affairs.
Objection was made.
Mr. HARALSON moved a suspension of the
rules.
l he motion was agreed to.
Tne motion to withdraw, &c., was then made
and agreed to.
Mr. HILL! ARD moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordeied, and, being
taken, were—yeas 55, nays 68
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON asked leave to introduce a bill
for the admission of California as a State into the
Union, as the House hed not had a naked propo-
sition before them for that purpose, if objection
were made to its introduction, he would ask for a
suspension of the rules. The following is the bili:
At BUI to admit California as a State into the Union.
Whereas the people ol California have presented a con-
stitution anil asked admission into the Union, which con-
stitution was submitted to Congress by the President ol tne
United Sutes by message, dated Febiuary thirteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty, and which, on due examination,
is fo ind to i>e republican m its form of government—
Be it enacted by the Semite and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress n^embled, That
the State of Cahlorma shall be one, and is hereby declared
to tn one, of the United States of America, and admitted
Into the Un onori an equal footing with the original States
in all respicts whatever.
Sec. 2 An-t be it further enacted, That until th« Repre-
sentatives in Congress shall be apportioned according to an
actual ''nuint'ranon of the inhabitants of the United States,
the Stat«.' of California shall be entitled to two Representa-
tives in Congress.
Sec. 3. An•' be it further enacted, That the said Slate of
California w admitted into the Union upon the express con-
dition that the pi'onle ol said State, through th.'ir Legisla-
ture ot otherwise, shall never interfere with the primary
di-v^-a! o the public land* within its limits, and bhall pa^s
/io law and do no act whereby the Lille of the Unitrd States
to, and right to depose of, the same shall be unpaired or
questioned; aad that they shall never lay any tax or assess-
ment of any description whatsoever up >u the public domain
of the United States, and in no eas<  shall non-iesident pio-
prietoid, who aie citizens of the United States, be taxed
higher than residents; and that all the navigable waters
within the &aid State bhall be common highways, and for-
ever free, as well to the inhabitants of said State as to the
citizens ol the United Slates, without any tax, impost, or
duty therefor: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed as leeognmng oriej cling the proposi-
tions tendered bv the people of California as articles of com-
pact m the ordinance adopted by the convention which
foimed the constitution of that State.
Sec 4. Arid be it further enacted, That all laws of the
United States, which are not locally inapplicable, shall have
the same force and effect w thin the said State ol California
as elsewhere within the United States.
Mr. VENABLE objected.
Mr. ROBINSON moved a suspension of the
rules, and asked for the yeas and nays. They were
ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said this was an im-
portant question, and therefore moved that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. HUiNTER inquired of the Chair whether
it would be in oider to submita motion to suspend
the rules to enable the House to resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said, it would not, as there was
already a motion to suspend the rules pending
Mr. WE^TVVORTH suggested that the°call
be ordered by general acquiescence, that the absent-
tees might be brought up.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
the motion that there be a call.
Mr. ORR moved that the House'adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked for
the yeas and nays. They were ordered and
taken, and resulted—yeas 38, nays 77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLfNGMAN rose to make a privileged
motion, to reconsider a vote taken to-day.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in or-
der, the question being for a call of the House.
The question was then taken on the motion that
there be a call of the House, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 96, nays 21.
The call of the roll was procecded'in, when
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House adjourn.
_ Mr. DUNHAM submitted whether such mo-
tion was in order when the roil was being called.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
rules admitted of a motion to suspend the call, and
also provided that a motion to adjourn was always
in order. He therefore ruled that the motion was
in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, withdrew
the motion to adjourn, when
Mr. CLINGMAN" moved that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be suspended, and on that mo-
tion demanded the yeas and nays. They were
ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House adjourn, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays. They were ordered, and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays 86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion to
suspend all further proceeding in the call, on which
the yea? and nays had been ordered. It was put
and decided in the negative—yeas 34, nays 93.
So the House refused to suspend all further pro-
ceedings in the call
Mr. YENABLE moved that the House now
adjourn, which question was taken by tellers, and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 64, noes 62.
So the House, at half past six o'clock, ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following1 petition and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees.
By Mr. PARKER: The petition of 15 citizens of Vir-
ginia that the national armories may be placed under the
charge of civil Mipf rintendenta.
By Mr. BOOTH: The memorial of the President and
Faculty of the Wesleyan University, in the city of Middle-
town, and State of Connecticut, praying for the reduction
of letter postage to two cents on prepaid letters ol lidlf an
ounce. The memorial aives vaiious reasons to «hoiv that
such reduction ought to be made.
Al.-o, the memorial of thirty-eight gentlemen, students in
tile VVetdeyan Urnver uy, in the city of Middlctown, pray-
ing lor the -«ame reduction in postage, and setting forth the
same reasons.
IN SENATE.
MONDAY, JuhjS9, 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter adtfressed to him by the Secretary
of the Smithsonian Institution, transmitting the
annual report of the Board of Regents, with a re-
quest that the same might be presented to the
Senate of the United States.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing. with inductions to inquire into the expediency of
printing rive thousand additional copies without the appen-
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of a
committee of mechanics of New York, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill granting
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States, and setting forth that if the wars in which
nations embark could be made to cost tenfold
what each of them now does, it would be a bless-
ing to the human family, inasmuch as we should
have less of these disgraceful exhibitions of the
depravity of those who control the destiny of
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented two
memorials from residents on Black river, in the
State of Wisconsin, asking a grant of land for the
improvement of the navigation of said liver. The
memorialists state that Black river is, for the dis-
tance of 150 miles from its mouth, a rich and
fertile valley of land, possessing in a high degree
every requisite for becoming a rich and flourishing
agricultural and commercial district, and that alon"
lt-s banks and tributary streams are the finest ol1
pines to be found in the Northwest; that at the
present season there have been cut 6,000,000 feet
of lumber, with 3,008,000 of shingles, beside* a
large amount of various other timbers. In con-
sequence of the obstructions in and above the
mouth where it enters the Mississippi bottom, the
entire business of the river is seriously affected.
The memorialists state that two townships of
land would be sufficient to remove all impediments.
The memorials were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested to
furnish to the Senate as early as practicable, a copy of all
such ieporr-3 and communications from Commodore Jones,
on file in his office, as relate io the topography of the bay
01 ban FranciseiT, and especially to the position and advan-
tages ot Bemcia as a port ol entry and naval and military
depdt.
Mr. asked the immediate consideration of
the resolution; and no objection being made,
The resolution was considered and adopted.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of conferring by law
the brevet rank of Lieutenant General on Major "General
Winfield Scott, with such additional pay and allowances ag
may be deemed proper, in consideration of the dMmguished
services rendered to the Republic by that officer during the
late war with Mexico.
CIVIL AUTHORITY OP MILITARY OFFICERS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution offered by Mr. Cass on the 27th of
June:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prohibiting by
law any officer of the army from assuming or exercising,
within the limits of ihe United States, any civil power or
authority not conferred by an act of Congress, and of provi-
ding an adequate punishment lor such oftencea.
On motion,
Ordeied, That it lie on the table.
HEIRS OF KOSCIUSKO.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Walker on the 18th June, came up for considera-
tion:
Resolved, That no penal law of a foreign country for
alleged political offences can or ousht to bf enforced, di-
rectly or indirectly, within the Umt< d States; and that it is
the duty ol the Executive of this Government to protect
citizens of t< e Umied States against any attempt of (cm ijrn
Powers, or their diplomatic repi eseniatives, to interfere v\ ilh
the private pursuits, rights, or privileges of such cilizens,
for the purpose of visiting upon them the effects of such for-
eign penal laws.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate the foregoing resolution to the diplomatic agenta
of nl! foreign Powers having such agents accredited to this
Government; and that he be also directed to inform his
M.ije&ty, the Emperor of Russia, that this Government dis-
approves of the attempt of the honorable Alexander de Bo-
disco, minister from Russia, accredited to tli s Government,
to supeisede the authority of Gaspard Tochman, es-q., attor-
ney and counselloi-at-law, under the employment ol the
heirs of General Tfeaddous Kosciusko.
On motion,
Oidered, That they lie on the table.
DAVID N. SMITH.
On motion by Mr! HALE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
bill No. 236—being the bill for the relief of David
N. Smith.
The bill having been explained and advocated
by Mr. HALE, and the report in the case having
been read, and no amendment having been pro-
posed, it was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
J. B. AND P. GREGOIRE.  
The bill to confirm the sale of school lands
made to J. B. Gregoire and P. Gregoire, in Loui-
siana, was read a third time, and passed.
REPAIR OF THE PRESIDENTIAL MANSION.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the Senate joint resolution No.
21—being a joint resolution authorizing the ex-
penditure of an unexpended balance of an appro-
priation.
The resolution, having had its third reading,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLARKE. I will state, Mr. President, to
the Senate, very briefly, the situation of the Pres-
ident's House, and the adjoining places. This
subject was brought to the consideration of the
Committee on Public Buildings, and it was found
that there was an unexpended balance remaining
of the fund voted for painting the Capitol, and it
was proposed by the committee to transfer that
unexpended balance to the repairing of the Preai-
