THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FO$ THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 1, 1850.
New Series No. 93;
dent's House. It is well known to many of the
Senators, as well as the Committee^ on Public
Buildings, that thire has been very great danger
to the occupants of that house for some time past,
in consequence of the want of drainage. The cel-
lars and lower part of the house are in a very bad
condition, and the illness of some of its occupants
has been attributed by some to the malaria w.hich
rises from the lower part o^the building. The
whole of the basement is now at times absolutely
covered with water, and is at all times in so bad a
condition that it is totally unfit to be occupied even
by the domestics. This situation of the building
as nothing new. It was so when it was occupied
by the predecessor of the late lamented President.
1 believe my friend from New York [Mr. Dickin-
son] is aware of the fact that very great complaint
'was made at that time, and very earnest solicita-
tion was made that something should be done. It
requires a thorough system of drainage about the
house, so' as to make the basementand cellar suita-
ble to be occupied. Such is the state of the build-
ing, that the incoming President dare not remain
/our and twenty hours in it, but has taken his res-
idence in Georgetown for the present. I hope,
with this explanation, there will be no objection
to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. DICKINSON. I concur in what the Sen-
ator says about the condition of the lower part of
that house. From what I have learned heretofore,
the whole area of the lower part of the house has
been frequently covered with water. It is at all
times very damp, uncomfortable, and unhealthy.
It shoulcl certainly be repaired in^the manner sug-
gested by the Senator.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate; and, no amendment having been proposed,
it was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
DRAWBACK ON FOREIGN MERCHANDISE.
Mr. PHELPS asked the Senate to indulge him
by taking up for consideration Senate bill, No. 145
—being the bill amendatoiy of an act entitled " An
act allowing drawback oi^foreign merchandise ex-
ported in the original packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, in Mexico, and the British North Amer-
ican provinces adjoining the United States, ap-
proved March 3, 1845,and for other purposes."
The bill having been read a second time,
Mr. HUNTER said: This seems to me a very
important bill, and requires some explanation. 1
never heard of it before; and as it seems to con-
tain important provisions, I will ask the Senator
from Vermont to state the object of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I can state very concisely the
object of this bill. It will be recollected that m
1845 we passed an act allowing drawbacks upon
goods transported through this countiy to various
\ foreign places, and among the rest to the British
province of Canada. The act, however, allowed
the drawback upon goods intended merely for
transit through the country, in conformity with
the previous laws. Upon referring to an act
passed, I think, in 1792—the original act on the
subject of drawback—it was found that the act
imposed a condition, that the goods should be ex-
ported in vessels of not less than 30 tons burden.
It will be perceived, therefore, sir, that the act of
1845 allowed a drawback only upon goods export-
ed in vessels of that burden. -Since the introduc-
tion of railroads into the country, a new mode of
transportation has been created. With respect to
the transportation of goods to Canada, the water
navigation is closed for half the year, and it is im-
portant, therefore, to allow drawbacks upon goods
transported by railroads. That is simply the ob-
ject of the bill.
There are some minor provisions in the bill
which are intended merely to remedy some over-
sights in the previous act. The great object is to
allow a drawback upon goods tiansported on land
by railroad; when, by the existing law, it is con-
fined to goods transported m vessels not under a
certain tonnage. This, 1 believe, is the sole object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 have a word
to add to what my friend from Vermont says.
This bill is designed chiefly enable persons export-
93
! ing goods for drawback to these British provinces
to do it wholly by land. The original bill, which
was passed, as has been suggested by the Senator
from Vermont, was predicated upon a law author-
izing drawbacks for goods to Chihuahua and Santa
Fe. It provided, among other things, in order to
identify the goods when they arrived in the British
provinces, that you should have an affidavit of the
master of the vessel, in which they were trans-
ported. Now, sir, if you are obliged to procure
the affidavit of the master of the vessel, you can-
not transport your goods wholly by land. The
object of this bill is to authorize transportation
wholly by land, as the Senator has suggested.
Then, sir, there is another modification that the
Senate ought to be made acquainted with. When
we passed the bill requiring all moneys received
for the revenue of the United States to be paid
directly, without deduction, into the Treasury,
there was a clause in the bill saving this act rela-
ting to the drawback from the operation of that
bill. Well, sir, upon inquiry at the Treasury, I am
advised that that is wholly unnecessary. It creates
confusion; and it would be best to repeal that
saving clause, and let goods ex ported for d i awback
stand upon the game footing in this case as in
others. The provisions of the bill authorize goods
to be transported under general laws by railroad
from the United States to the British provinces,
and, I believe, also from the Atlantic coast to the
"Ohio river, upon the same condition exactly as
they are carried up the Ohio. They meet the ap-
probation of the Treasury Department—in fact,
the bill was diawn up there, at the Treasury De-
partment—and they have met, also, the approba-
tion of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON. This is too important a
bill to pass without a little reflection. My atten-
tion has not been called to it before; and I hope
that it will be allowed to lie over till to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
New York make a motion to that effect?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think the
Senator from New York will not see any great
impediment in the bill, if he should examine it. :
It simply permits, under the same safeguards as
goods are now cariied by water, goods to be ear-
ned wholly by rail, or partly by rail and partly
by water, or wholly by railroad or wholly by
water.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope that the mover will
have no objection to have this bill laid over till to-
morrow. •
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection.
Mr. DICKINSON. Then, Mr. President, I
move that it be laid on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
INTERCOTJRSE WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
On motion by iMr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to consider Senate bill No. 293—being
the bill to extend the benefit of the 17th section of
the act to regulate the intercourse with Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers, ap-
proved June 3, 1834, to the people of Texas and
others.
The PRESIDENT stated that the bill, having
been amended when last under consideration, and
ordered to be printed as amended, had not been
returned from the printer.
Mr. ATCHISON. I apprehend that the Sen-
ators who made the objections to the bill when
last under consideration, are now satisfied, and
will permit it to pass. There is but one question,
and it is as to the time when this bill shall com-
mence its operation in the States of Georgia and
Alabama. The Senator from Kentucky [Ml-sUn-
derwood] made some objection as to the time
when this bill should commence its operation in
those States. Now, 1 have no objection to any
amendment that may be proposed; but this is a
matter that is better understood by the Senator
from Alabama and the Senator from Florida than
by myself. All that I know is this: some—per-
haps a half dozen—memorials have been referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs—memorials of
citizens of these States, asking Congress to indem-
nify them for certain depredations of Indians.
Now, sir, I propose to give the people of Georgia,
Alabama, Mississippi, and Texas, the benefit of
the " intercourse" law. There is no new principle
in the bill. The only question is, what t|merthet
bill shall operate in these States. I am perfectly
willing to accept any amendment the Senator from
Kentucky may propose in that respect. 1 believe
it is necessary that there should be some remedy;
for I know that some few years ago there was a
vast number of claims in the State of Florida for
depredations committed. I ,know equally as well
that the Committee on Indian Affairs uniformly
refused to report bills granting the indemnity
asked, because it did not come within the provis-
ions of the intercourse law. The depredations were
committed while in a state of war, and for which
neither this nor any other Government; unless
under very peculiar circumstances, ever allows in-
demnity. The intention of the bill is to indemnify
individuals robbed by one or more Indians, while
in a state of peace with the United States. This
is the whole object of, the bill. There is no new
principle. 1 believe the first intercourse law, in
1783, was founded upon precisely the same prin-
ciples as (his contains.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Upon my motion this
bill was jaid upon the table, and the amendments
made the other day were ordered to be printed. 1
did not expect that the Senate would act upon it
until the bill was returned; hut I have no objection
to act upon it now, if it is desired by the Senator
from Missouri. I will state, however, to the Senate,
in a very few words, the impression which this
bill made upon my mind when 1 read it, and some
features that I thought were objectionable. The
first section provides that the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, upon being: furnished with the ne-
cessary proof of the depredations which the Indians
have committed upon the property of citizens, shall
make application to the tribe of Indians to which
such Indians belong for satisfaction; and if such
tribe of Indians shall refuse to make satisfaction,
then he shall return the case to the Secretary of
the Interior, that such further steps may be taken
as shall be deemed necessary; and in the mean*
time the United States shallKindemnify the party
to the amount of the value of the property taken,
stolen, or destroyed. Now, it did seem to me that
the Government was only ui.der obligation to use
the proper exertions to obtain compensation from
the Indians for any depredations which they may
have committed upon the property of citizens,
without being bound, while these proceedings
were in progress, to pay the citizens, thus robbed,
the amount of depredation out of-the public
Treasury. I did not see why the citizen should
not wait until the Government's action had been
expended, or why he should draw the amount of
the injury out of the "public Treasury, while the
Government was in good faith endeavoring to pro-
cure satisfaction for the injury. I was apprehen- -
sive there might be some danger in all this, and
thought it probable that in some cases individuals
might make expatie casps, piesent them, draw the
money, and when the Government in fact comes
to make a proper inves-utcauou, u would find that
the thing was exactly as ihe matter had been pre-
sented to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, ex
parte, and upon which statement the money had
been drawn.
It is said that after twelve months the agent shall
return the proceedings to the Secretary of the In-
terior, to say what further the Secretary of the
Interior may do after that time. It is expressly
provided that before this thing is done the money
shall be paid upon thisexpuite statement upon the
part of the citizens and ihtir witnesses. Now it
did seem to me that that principle was liable to be
abuvsed, ana that it would be best to postpone, the
case of the individuals until the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, the Secretary of thelnterior, or the
Indian agent, should have heard a little on both
sides, and until the au*h'*rities in the Indian-natjf n
should have furnished all the testimony updn the
subject, or till at least they were heard ironi. I
thought it was almost too hasty to make the pay-
