1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBI.
July 30,
merit forthwith to the party complaining of the
The other objection that I had to the bill was
tWs: The third section of the bill, by the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Florida, gives
a retrospective operation so as to embrace the
claims of Alabama and Florida since the the year
1836; and it gives the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs—if the amendment of the honorable Sena-
tor fiom Florida shall stand—the right to settle
these various claims, which from year to year, to
my own knowledge as a member of the Committee
of Claims, have been presented to the Committee
of Claims for adjudication. I did not see the pro-
Eriety or giving this retrospective operation-to this
ill, so ap to make it ertibrace claims of that de-
scription, in behalf of Alabama and t lorida, as far
Ijack as 1836. But if you intend to legislate upon
the subject, accordi g to the suggestion of my
friend from Missouri, I thought it would be right
to put these claims of Alabama and Florida upon
precisely the same footing that this bill has put
the claim of Texas, or any other State adjoining
the Indian tribes, upon whose citizens Indians may
commit "depredations, without giving it a retro-
spective act for the last fourteen years. That part
of the bill I thought improper, it was suggested
by my friend from Missouri that perhaps this bill,
in its retrospective operation, would not act upon
that description of claims which 1 have now
brought to the attention of the Senate, because
these claims, as suggested by the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri, originated in a state of war, and
- the claims intended to be provided for in this bill
■were such as paginated m a state of profound
peace—depredations committed by Indians when
there was no declaration of war. Now, I do not
know precisely, in reference to Florida and Ala-
bama, that there was any positive declaration of
war against the tribes in that quarter of the country.
My recollections are, that these depredations were |
committed without any formal declaration of j
war on the part of Congress. We recognized the |
state of hostility as existing. Now, in that state
of things, you will perceive that these claims to
which I have alluded may all be presented here;
and if there be no.statute fixing the commencement
of hostilities by a declaration of war against these
tribes, they might come in under the the provis-
ions of this bill as depredations committed in a
state of peace. I therefore think that there are ob-
jections to the bill that are worthy of some consider-
ation; and, if it would not incommode the Senator
from Missouri, I would prefer its lying over still,
until it be printed, and we have an opportunity of
looking into the " intercourse" law, and seeing
how far this bill is compatible with the principles
heretofore acted upon. I assure the honorable
Senator from Missouri that 1 have every disposi-
tion to do what can be done, and ought to be
done, to guard the citizens of Texas and other
States liable to depredations; and 1 will, upon look-
ing over this business, withdraw my objections,if
I find it to be as the honorable Senator suggests.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 am perfectly willing that
the bill go over till" to-morrow; and I now make the
motion to that effect.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, it was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill for the admission of California into the
Union, the establishment of Territorial Govern-
ments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the settlement of her north-
ern and western boundaries.
Various amendments were proposed, debated,
and disposed of. The whole of the proceedings
will appear in the Appendix.
Without coming to any decisive vote upon the
bill, at 4 o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesdai, July 30, 1850.
The Journal was read.
RESIGNATION OF MR. WINTHROP.
Mr. WINTHROP rose and asked the indul-'
genee of the House for a single moment, and pro-
ceeded to say as follows:
Mr. Speaker: 1 have received this morning,
from the Executive of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, a commission to supply the vacancy
in the other wing of the Capitol, occasioned by the
appointment of a most distinguished friend and
fellow-citizen to the office of Secretary of State.
Having decided to accept this commission, and
being called upon to proceed at once to take my
seat in the Senate, I have thought fit to inform this
House, in person, that my place here will be va-
cant from this day, and to request that the fact
may be announced in 'the usual form to the Gov-
ernofof Massachusetts.
In taking final leave of a Body with which I
have been so long Associated, I trust that it will
not be thought intrusive, if I say, in the simplest
and briefest terms, that I shall always cherish the
highest regard for its character and its honor; and
if I offer, as I now do, to the Speaker and to every
one of the members, my parting wishes for their
health, happiness, and prosperity.
LAND TITLES IN OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON asked the unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution; which
was read for information, viz:
Whereas the people of Oregon have re&ided in that Ter-
litory for the la^t twelve years without being ahle to get any
title to their lands, although yearly petitioning Congress on
this subj. ct; and whereas lor several years previous to the
14th day or' August, 1848, they had maintained a provisional
government at their own exper^e, under which every man
was protected m his possessions by law, and the Territory
was flourishing; and whereas on the {-aid 14ih day of Au-
gust, 1848, the Congress of the United States suspended the
provisional government, by establishing a territorial govern-
ment, and declaring all the laws of the said proviMonal gov-
ernment affecting the title to lands to be null and void, by
reason whereof the people of said Territory have been left
for nearly two full years without any law to protect them m
then farn|s and possessions, and subject to all the penalties
and inconveniences of being residents on the public lands
of the United States, and in an Indian counirv; and where-
as, by reason of the foregoing, the farmers of that country
have been, and now are, obliged to protect their farms, and
property by the only law w Inch the Conurp<s of t'<e United
States has left to their aid, the revolver and bowie-knife, by
execution of which two men have recently been killed di -
putms about one claim, the result of which is that the pt o-
ple are leaving the country, emigration to it has ceased,arid
the prosperity of the Trnitory been blighted; and whereas
Hou<e bill No. 230, making disposition of the public lands
in Oiegon has nearly been completed in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and will take but a thort
time to be completed : Therefore,
Resolved, That House bill No. 250 be made the special or-
der of the day for the second Monday of August next, and
fiom day to day iherealter until finished.
Mr. RUMSEY objected.
So the resolution was not received.
THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The annunciation made
i by the gentleman from Massachusetts this morn-
ing makes it necessary that the Chair should ap-
point some gentleman of this body to fill the
vacancy in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, oc-
casioned by his i esignation. I therefore submit a
motion (if it be necessary) to authorize the speak-
er to fill the vacancy.
The question was taken upon the motion of Mr.
McClernand, and was decided in the affirmative.
So the Speaker.was authorized to fill the vacan-
cy in the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
CORRECTIONS OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. CROWELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I observe by the published proceedings of
yesterday that my name is omitted 
Mr. CONGER. I object to the gentleman's
proceeding unless he rises to a correction of the
Journal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York rises to a correction of the Journal.
Mr. CROWELL, (to Mr. Conger.) If the
honorable gentleman from New York will compose
his nerves a little 
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Crowell.) The gen-
tleman will proceed to state his point of order.
Mr. CROWELL. I perceive in the published
proceedings'of yesterday 
Mr. JONES. Is it an error of the Journal, or
only of the Globe ?
Mr. CROWELL, (continuing his sentence,)
my name is omitted.
Mr. CONGER renewed and insisted upon his !
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
Journal examined. Will the gentleman state the
vote to which he refers?
Mr. CROWELL. It was the resolution offered
by thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth.J
My name is not recorded in the Globe upon that
question. I voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
states, that upon the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, he voted in the affirmative.
The Journal does not show that the gentleman
voted.
Mr. JONES. Has the Journal befen examined ?
or is it merely the report of the newspaper ?
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not show
that the gentleman voted.
Mr. CROWELL. I move (hat the Journal be
corrected by recording my vote.
No objection being made, the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. PARKER rose to a privileged question, and
stated,that upon the motion made yesterday by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer a resolution for the ad-
journment of Congress, his vote was not recorded.
He had voted m the affirmative, and moved that
the Journal be so amended.  
No objection being made, the motion was agreed
to.
The Journal, as amended in these several par-
ticulars, was approved.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. MORSE. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to move that my colleague,
[Mr. Harmanson,] who is in a very low state of
health, be excused for the remainder of the session
from service as a member of the Committee on
Public Lands. Itis a very imporfant committee;
and at the request of several gentlemen who desire
to have a full committee I make the motion. My
colleague's health is such as to forbid his being
here during the remainder of the session.
No objection being made,
Mr. Harmanson was excused, and the Speaker
was authorized to fill the vacancy.
COMMITTEE ON ACCOUNTS.
Mr. MASON v I move that the vacancy in the
Committee on Accounts, occasioned by the death
of Hon. Daniel P. King, of Massachusetts, be
filled by the Speaker.
No objection being made,
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The illness of
thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hackett,] it i&
known to the House, is such as to render him unable
to attend here. He is a member of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. Some matters of import-
, ance are to come before that committee. 1 am
authorized by Mr. Hackett to ask that he be-
excused from further service on the committee;
and on behalf of the committee, I move that the
Speaker be authorized to fill the vacancy.
No objection being made, the motion was agreed
to.
Mr. MORTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw certain papers from the
files of the House, for the purpose of reference to
another committee.
No objection was made.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve useif
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope that
the committees will be called this morning.
HOMESTEADS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state tl^afc
there is a privileged question pending, which must
be disposed of, viz: the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House referred to the Commit-
tee of the'Whole on the state of the Union, the
bill repoited from the Committee on Agriculture,
to encourage agriculture and for other purposes.
This is the first business in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I call for the regular order of
business. '
The said motion to reconsider came up, Mr.
Evans, of Maryland, being entitled to the floor.
Mr. EVANS said, it had been his intention to
address the House on this question. He desired
to do so. But as the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means desired to call up the appro-
priation bills; as it was - a late period of the ses-
sion 
Mr. PRESTON KING interposed, and made
the point that the gentleman's remarks were not
. in order*
