1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
pending and it is debatable.
Mr. "PRESTON KING. To reconsider what
vote ?
The SPEAKER. The vote by which tlie
House referred to the Committee of the W hoi# on
the state of the Union the bill reported from the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. PRESTON KING said, his point of order
was, that the remarks of the gentleman from
Mary-land were not relevant to the question.
The SPEAKER (remarking that he had not
before understood the point of order correctly)
sustained the point, and stated, that any remarks
touching the order of business in committee or in
the House, were irrelevant, asamatter of course.
Mr. EVANS. I do hot intend to discuss the
order'of business. 5f the gentleman from New
York had not interrupted me, I should have given
him a chance ere this to get at the all-important,
absorbing question, which occupies his soul and
the soul of all his Free-Soil friends. I was giving
the reason why t do not intend to weary the
House to-day. When the bill comes up in com-
mittee, I intend to address the House upon it if I
can get a chance. I therefore, with a view of
proceeding to the public business, and with no in-
tention of bringing forward any political hobbies
on which to ride into power, move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was put and agreed to. j
Mr. PRESTON KING moved.that the House
resolve itself into Committtee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Botd in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the Califor-
nia message was the subject first in order.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay aside the California
message, with the view of taking up the hill
making appropriations for the payment of revolu-
tionary and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Shepperd, and HARRfs of Tennessee, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 95, noes 68.
So the California message and bill were laid
aside.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 280; being
a bill making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States, Tor the year ending 30th of J une, 1851.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee proceeded to the consideration
of the said bill.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked that
it might be read by items.
The CHAIR suggested that, as in the case of
the Military Academy bill, the bill should be con-
sidered hy sections.
Mr. PUTNAM obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee on the subject of the admis-
sion of California, and in favor theieof, (in remarks
which will be published in the Appendix.)
In the course of the remarks of Mr. P.,
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a point of
order, that the remarks of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Putwam] were irrelevant.
Mr. JONES-desired to call the atteniion of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] to the fact
that it had been decided over and over again 
Mr. EVANS proceeded, remarking that he was
aware of the decisions to which the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] referred; but he (Mr.
E.) intended to make the point, and wished it to
be decided. The bill now under consideration was
a bill making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary pensions. The gentleman from New
York TMr. Putnam] was discussins the question
of slavery in the Teiritories. He (Mr. E.) called
the attention of the-Chair to rules 35 and 134.
Several Voices: Do not press the question now.
There is no quorum.
Mr. PUTNAM rose, he said, to a question of
privilege. ;t
Mr. DUER submitted, thatthe gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] was discussing the point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN (in reply to the statement of
Mr. Putnam that he rose to a question of privilege)
said that no question of privilege could be raised
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Questions of that nature belonged exclu-
sively to the Honie.
The CHAIRMAN (on the point of order of
Mr. Evans) decided that, under the uniform prac-
tice, a wide range of debate had always been al-
lowed in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that the Chair, therefore, did not
feel authorized to declare the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Pctnam] out of
order.
Mr. EVANS appealed from the decision, and
proceeded to make some remarks.
The CHAIRMAN said, the appeal was not de-
batable.
Mr. EVANS read thesecond rule of the House,
to show that appeals of this nature were deba-
table.
The rule is as follows;
"He (the Speaker) shall preserve order and decorum;
may speak to points of order in preference to other mem-
ber?, rising from his seat for that purpose ; and shall decide
quesiions of order, subject to an appeal to the House by any
two members, on which appeal no member shall speak
more than once, unless by leave of the House."
Mr. E. also read the note appended to this rule,
and which is in the words following.
" Difficulties have often arisen as to a supposed discrep-
ancy between the appeal contemplated in this rule, and
that referred to in rule 35. There is no disci epancy. The
question of order mentioned m the setond rule relates to
motion* or propositions, their applicability or relevancy, or
their admissibility on the score of time, or in the order of
business, &c. The c call to order' mentioned in rule3o,
on which, in cape of appeal, there can be no debate, ha< ref-
erence only to 1 transgressions of the rules in speaking,■ or
to indecorum of anv kind. See also rule 51. in which debate
on an appeal, pending a call for the previous question, is
prohibited."
Mr. DUER read the following rule:
If any member, in speakinc or otherwise, transgress the
rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member may,
call to order, in which case the member so called to order
shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to explain;
and the House shall, if appealed to, decide on the case, but
without debate," &c. -
Some conversation followed between Mr. Duer
and Mr. Evans.
Mr. EVANS appealed from the decision of the
Chair declaring the appeal not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN said, the gentleman could
not take a second appeal.
Mr. EVANS said, he would withdraw the form-
er appeal, and appeal from the second decision,
t After a few remarks by Mr. Stephens, of Geor-
gia, and some conversation between Mr. Evans,
Mr. Duer, and the Chairman,
The CHAIRMAN decided that the gentleman
could not withdraw the first appeal and adhere to
the second.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair (declaring the remarks of Mr. Put-
nam in order) was sustained by the committee.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. PUTNAM then proceeded with his re-
marks.
The hour having expired—
Mr. P., without concluding-, resumed his seat.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House.
The question on that motion was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative, without a division.
So the committee rose and reported the bill,
without amendment, to the House.
The question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading—
Mr. BAYLY a3ked the previous question.
There was a'second. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the bill was ordered to
a third reading.
And, having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being, "Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. FOWLER called for the reading of the
bill.
And it was read.
The question recurring on the passage of the
biH-
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the bill was passed.
Mr, BAYLY moved a .reconsideration -of
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.:
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas,lioped9-He"'^ftr*
that the call of the committees for reports
now be continued. Some of the committees'had
not been called.
The SPEAKER said, the regular order of busi-
ness was the rat! of the committees for reports.
Mr. WHITE moved that the rules be^^enSeifc
and that the House "Yesolve itself irtto Cottiffiitlee
of the Whole on the state of the t£mon.
The motion having been agreed to—*
The House again resolved itself into Comrmt&&
of the_ Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd in the chair.)
NAVY PENSIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved thatthe California mes-
sage be laid aside, and that the committee proceed
to the consideration of the bill making appropria-
tions for the pavment of navy pensions.
The motion having been agreed to—
The committee proceeded io the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the payment-oj?
navy pensions for the fiscal year ending 30th of
June, 1850.
Mr. McCLERNAND took the floor, and in-
quired of the Chairman, if it was now in order to
proceed wiih his remarks.
The CHAIRMAN said, the bill wouM be first
read.
The bill was then read.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not rise for the
purpose of debating the question of slavery, it
has already occupied the attentiun of the House
too long, and the country no doubt is tired of it.
It is a question that is entirely foreign to the bill
immediately under consideration, and in accord-
ance with the request of friends about me, 1 shall
forbear any remarks upon it, or upon the territo-
rial question, which, under other circumstances, I
m-ght be disposed to eubrr.it for the consideration
of the committee. I will atonce come to the point,
in regard to which I feel myself called upon to make
a few remarks.
It will be recollected, sir, that a few days ago a
debate occurred here, in which the gentleman from
the Chicago district of Illinois, [Mr. Wbnt-
worth.] the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi*.
Wilmot,] a:nd myself, participated. I find, sir}
the speech delivered by the gentleman from-Penn-
sylvania, or the speech reported als having- beeft-
delivered by him, published in the Daily Globe of
this morning, and in that speech I find the follow-
ing passage:
{< Mr. WILMOT proceeded. Not until to-day, and from
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand,] had he
heard this charge of a desire todeftat the appropriation bills,
made upon the friends of freedom. He had risen to r^pet
any Mich charge, and to brand as false, all such rumors.
Indeed, it was astonishing to him how such rumors could
have obtained eiurency. He suspected that they existed-
only in the imagination of the gentleman from Illinois, and
that ho is the fir>-t to give them breath and circulation. Ja
the caucus to which the gentleman refers, there was dot .a -
word said which could be tortured into such _a construc-
tion."
Now, sir, I do not recollect to have heard the
gentleman from Pennsylvania make this allusion
to me, and the memory t>f others corroborates me
in regard to this point.. I am inclined to believe—
it is°my opinion, sir, that the allusion was not
made—that no such language was used. Certainly,
if it had been used in my hearing, or had I been
aware of it, I should have felt myself called upon
to notice it in the manner it deserves.
It is my desire, sir, at all times and under all
circumstances, to abstain from controversy, if I
can do it properly and honorably. Nor do I will-
' ingly now obtrude myself upon the attention of
; the committee with any notice of this matter, but
! [ feel myself required to do so. 1 desire to
know distinctly, from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, whether he charges me with having ori-
ginated and circulated this " rumor"—the rumor
in question—the same which he brands as false?
Mr. WILMOT (the floor being temporarily
yielded to him) said, that he brought no charges
against the gentleman. He adhered to what
had said m the debate to which the gentlemaii had
alluded. The report contained substantially what
he had said on that occasion. If the gentleman
from Illinois did not hear it, others did. He Was
astonished that any such rumor had ohtaitted cir-
culation; he had expressed that astonishment, an4
