1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
been entertained. If the, main question had been
ordered to he put, and the House reconsidered the
vote, why,then, the second would fall with the mo-
tion to reconsider. So the question could not be
reached in the manner suggested by the gentleman
from North Carolina. The Chair felt bound to
make the suggestion that the House might be
aware of the position of the question.
Mr. STANLY. I propose, when itis in order,
to offer the following substitute for the resolution
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules in reference
ttt this as to all other resolutions, that the resolu-
tion is not now in order unless by genera! consent.
Mr. STANLY. Will the Speaker allow it to
be read ?
The SPEAKER. It can be rea&by unanimous
consent.
No objection being made, the proposed substi-
tute of Mr. Stanly was read, as follows:
Resolrc'U That all debate m the Committee of the, Whole
House on the Mate ot the Union on the me-^aue of Hie PreM-
d^nt, tran^nnmng the constitution of California, shall cease
at o'clock, on (j| the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the same,) dud
that the &aid mes-age he referred to the Committee on
wMh instructions to report as eaily as practicable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution is not in order. The question re-
curs on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] to lay on the table the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] to re-
consider the vote by which the House refused to
lay on the table the lesnlution of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty.]
Mr. McLANE. I desiie to know if the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky [Mr Mason] should with-
draw the motion to reconsider, if it would not
then be in oider to move to suspend the rules to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
were withdrawn there would be no privileged
question; and any question which is a privileged 1
question would be entertained. !
Mr. McLANE. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I have paired off
with a gentleman on the other side of the House
upon all questions on which the yeas and nays are
called; and I ask the House to excuse me from
voting upon this question.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a question of order.
I contend that after the previous question has been
ordered there can be no question entertained by
the Chair except a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The same point was made
before. The Chair has no doubt as to the pro-
priety of the decision first made. No motion has
been entertained by the Chair which is not in
strict conformity with the rules of the House, and
with the practice under the rules, as far as the
Chair is informed.
Mi. SACKETT. The 50th rule, under which
I raise the question of order, i3 as follows:
«Th   I" wiw question shall be in this foim: ' Shall the
mam question he now put" it *hall only be admitted
when deuiamhd h> a majonty of the member* present, and
it? fti'ect- shall he to put an end to all debate, and bring the
Hou°e toaditect vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion «h:itl have he^n made, and if This motion dots not
prevail, then upon anit'iidtnenN reported hy a committee, it
anv • then upon pending ami-ridment?-, and then upon the
main amotion. On a motion lor the previous question, and
prior to the seconding ot the vanie, a call of the House shall
be m order; hut afn-r a majority shall have seconded such
motion no « all shall be in order prior to a decision or the
main question."
There being no such motions pending, as are
here specified, I make the point of order that the
Chair can entertain no motion except the motion
to adjourn, which is provided for by the 48th rule;
and that the Chaii should put the question on or-
dering the main question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will observe that the iatter part of the rule,
which refers to the previous question, refers to its
effect after the main question is ordered, not after
the second of the previous question. And the
motion which has been entertained by the Cnair,
has been entertained upon all occasions under the
same state of facts as now exist m the House,
and is perfectly in conformity with the rules, and
with the practice of the House.
the general consent of
suggestion, which, if the
Mr. DUER. I ;
the House to make ,   
House would be influenced by it, I think would
terminate this difficulty.
The SPEAKER, if there is no objection, the
gentleman from JNew York will be heard.
JNo objection being made—
Mr. DUER said: I think it is a misconception
out of which this difficulty grows. I think it is
supposed by those who are opposed to the pas-
sage of this resolution, that there is a disposition
on the other side to pass this bill without debate;
and it is supposed that gentlemen by voung for
this resolution commit themselves to the bill to
admit California as a State, irrespective of what
boundaries may be prescribed. I think this is a
mistake. So far as I have had any conversation
with gentlemen, who are in favor of this resolu-
tion, they have no objection to debate upon the
bill, and their only desire is that it should be
brought before the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and there be fully discussed.
The suggestion which I venture to make, and I
make it without much consultation with gentle-
men, is, that tins resolution shall be passed, and
I hat 11 shall be agreed that the bill shall be dis-
cussed, if you please, two months in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, and Mr. HAR-
RIS, of Tennessee, rose and objected to Mr. Due it's
fui titer proceeding.
Mr. McCLEliNAND said he had heard the
views expressed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Due-k,] and lie had a lesolution which
he desired to offer.
The SPEAKER. It can only be entertained by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 know that; but we
have had a half dozen entertained out of older.
Ci ies of " Let it be read."
No objection being made—
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed toiepoit a bill, without delay, piovnhng lor the admis-
sion of California, as a Suite, into the Union ot the United
States.
i Also, a bill to legalize the teriitonal governments of New
1 Mexico and Dt.seret, as adopt'd bj the people ol .-aid T«;iri-
i toiie* respectively, so "tar a-, the provi-h>u> or the vatne are
consistent with the Constitution oi the United States; and
! to provide for the eventual a<imis>iou of bf.ih of sud teni-
\ tone^ as States, into the Union of the Untied Suites-; leaving
> the question ot boundarv between Texas and New Mexico
open for eventual decision by the Supreme CouttoUhe
' United States.
Mr. KAUFMAN and other gentlemen objected.
Tlie SPEAKER. The resolution is not in order
at this time.
Mr. BAYLY. As it has been accorded to the
gentlemen from New York, [Mr. Duer,] hy unan-
imous consent, to make a remark, 1 hope that the
same privilege will be extended to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia can only proceed by the unanimous consent
of the House. Are there any objections?
Mr. CARTf K. 1 would like to know how
long a speech it is agoing to be. [A laugh.]
The SPEAKb.R. The Chair will state—and
it is proper it should be stated—that when a gen-
tleman rises and asks the unanimous consent of
the House to make a remark, and that assent is ac-
corded to him, there is no rule by which the Chair
can limit the gentleman, except the hour rule. The
House must confide in the gentleman and rely on
his good faith. Does the Chair hear any objec ion?
Mr. STANLY. 1 object to a speech: the gen-
tleman may make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks to make a suggestion; the Chair asks
the House it' there is any objection. He hears no
objection.
Mr. WHITE. I have no objection only in this
! way 
I The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
1 Mr. W1NTHROP intimated that the gentleman
j from Virginia, who wished to make a suggestion,
! could go on until objection was made. The
; House would be very willing to hear him two or
| three minutes, and any gentleman could object.
The Chair, he suggested, was right m saying that
when a member rose and desired to make a per-
: sonal explanation, and leave was granted, he could
! proceed for one hour without being called to order;
but it had been the .practice to allow gentlemen
ij who wished to make suggestions, to go on until
|. objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only desires that
the House should understand the terms upon
which the member rising to make a suggestion "is
allowed tp proceed. The Chair understands, then,
the gentleman from Virginia to'rise to make a sug-
gestion to the House; that the House indulges the
gentleman—each member reserving to himself the
right of objecting at any time in the progress of the
gentleman's remarks.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 decline to say anything under
that construction. 1 want to submit some remarks
eight or ten minutes long, whtch are not designed
to create difficulty but to allay it.
[Cries of " Go on" in various parts of the
Ht.-use.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia can proceed under the rule laid down by the
Chair.
R'lr. BAYLY. If there be no objection,! have a
few remarks to submit; if there be,' I have not one.
[Cries of " Go on."]
Mr. BAYLY proceeded. The difficulty (he
said) which has arisen to-day is well understood
in this House. The proposition which has been
offered for consideration involves a measure of the
highest consequence. We know that it is one
that is engaging the attention of the whole people
of the United States. Many of our State Legisla-
tures have acted and are acting upon this subject.
And yet, being a question of so much consequence,
and involving such considerations as we know
this proposition does, it is brought in here, and
by the second to the demand for the previous ques-
tion, it was made manifest to us that it was to be
earned through under the operation of the pre-
vious question; that all debate was to be stopped;
that the. question was to be prejudged; that the
resolution was to go to the Committee on Terri-
tories, with an iron rule upon them, allowing them
no time for consideration, no room for debate;
that it was to coine back upon us here from that
committee, who, by the terms of the resolution
itself, would be deprived of all discretion—in a
bill, the precise provisions of which the resolution
defines, when we all Know that the previous ques-
tion might be called, and (if we are to judge from
what has occurred to-day) it would be called upon
the bill, we would be compelled to act upon this
most important of all measures, involving the very
stability of the Union itself, without the opportu-
nity of the representatives of the people being
heard upon it at all.
In this precise state of the case we have felt it
our duty on this side of the chamber, to resist it at
all hazards.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (interrupt-
ing ) if this is a suggestion to allay excitement,
I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BA YLY, (continuing.) "I say, let this res-
olution pass 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects, the genileman from Virginia,
under the rule laid down, is not. in order in con-
tinuing his remarks.
Mr. BAYLY, (to Mr. Stevens.) Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to object
before I get through with my remarks?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes. What the gentleman
has already said is not calculated to allay excite-
ment.
Mr BAYLY resumed his seat.
Mr. CARTER. I would like the indulgence of
the House.
Cries of " Hear him."
The SPEAKER.. The House will come to
order. Gentlemen are requested to resume their
seats. No motion will be entertained until order
is restored in the Hall.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the gentleman [Mr.
Carter] to speak loud enough to he heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks the unanimous consent of the House to make
a suggestion.
Objection was made.
Mr. CARTER resumed his seat, remarking
that lie had too much' delicacy to press himself
upon the attention of the House, if they were
unwilling to hear lum.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 believe, Mr. Speaker, that
I have not obtruded myself upon the House during
this entire session. 1 ask the House to aliow inu
to make a very brief suggestion: 1 pledge myself
that it shall be a wise one.
Objection was made.
