1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
the report adhered substantially to the remarks
that he had made.
Mr. McCLERNAND I wish to know of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether he did
charge in his speech, or whether he intended to
pharge, as published, that I sriginated this report
and circulated it. I wish, what 1 have a right to
expect, an explicit and direct answer.
Mr. W1LMOT repeated, that he had made no
charges against the gentleman. He had expressed
his astonishment that such at report should have
been circulated,and he could not but suppose that
it existed only in the imagination of. the'gentle-
man. He had never heard of it, from any other
quarter. He had "made no charge against the gen-
tleman.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is a very different
version of the matter from that which appears in
the paper. And, sir, I could not consent that such
a declaration should go out as having been made
on the floor of" this House in reference to me,
■without explanation or satisfaction.
The gentleman says he is surprised that such a
rumor was in circulation. I am not responsible
for his surprise. It is very certain, sir, that I heard
such a rumor; and any man who undertakes orpre-
sum es to deny it, denies that which is true. ■ I re-
peat' sir, that any man who undertakes to deny
it, denies that which is true, and by the denial
affirms that which is untrue.
I would avoid controversy, but sir, if any gentle-
- man wishes to have a controversy with me, he
can do it, without thrusting himself in this House,
with offensive language. I mean to be understood
—I hope I am understood. The gentleman speaks
< f the accuracy of the report of his speech. It is
not my purpose to impeach that accuracy—that is
not the point I- make, although 1 have expressed
my opinion in regard to it. W hat I wish, is, to know
hig purpose and meaning now.
He has given his opinion of the comparative ac-
curacy of the report of his speech and of mine. 1
differ from him. I claim that my speech was re-
ported, substantially, as I delivered it, except that
all I said is not reported. If all had been leported,
the speech would have exhibited a much more ex-
tended appearance than it does. The gentleman's
speech occupies some four columns, although de-
livered in less than an hour. It is not my habit,
sir, to interpolate the speeches that I make here.
And above all, I abstain from interpolating, and
especially personal matters. I abstain fiomitas
dishonest, in fact, as cowardly. I rose only to
claim the attention of the committee for a moment.
As the gentleman disclaims any imputation what-
ever against me, I have nothing further to add.
Mr. W1LMOT. 1 disclaim, certainly, as I have
on two or three occasions already, any intention of
making a charge against the gentleman from Illi-
nois, of .originating any rumor i-n reference to this
matter I only claim that my speech, as reported
in the Globe, is substantially the speech which I
delivered on this floor; that m the mam it is faith-
fully reported; that 1 avoided making any material
alteration of its sense, and, as fur as possible, en-
deavored to preserve the language. I avoided intro-
ducing new matter into the speech. I took the
notes of the reporters a3 written out by them, and
from those notes with gre.it fidelity wrote out the
' speech for publication. That is what I claim, and
ail that I claim.
_ Mr. McCLERNAND. Let us come to a pre-
cise understanding—let us come to a point in re-
gard to this matter. I make no play upon words.
The gentleman says the report is substantially
the speech that he delivered. Now, I ask him
pointedly, whether he means to say, in making
that declaration, that he imputes to me the author-
ship and promulgation of the report or rumor to
which he has atluded—the rumor in question.
Mr. WILMOT. I do not impute to the gentle-
man the authorship of that report. What 1 said in
th^. speech, and what I say now, is, that it is a
matter of astonishment to me how such a repoit
could have obtained circulation. The gentleman i
says he heard the report. I have no right to j
doubt his word. I do not doubt, that he heard the 1
report. I never had, until it was alluded to by !
the gentleman. I do not impugn the gentleman's :
word. I expressed my surprise at the existence !
of any such report. Every gentleman must be the i
judge of what is necessary for the vindication of
his own honor. In expressing my astonishment
at the existence of such a rumor, it did not seem to
roe as improper, to say that in my opinion it ex-
isted only in the imagination of the gentleman. I
desire to have no controversy with the gentleman;
and it seems to me now, that there was nothing in
my remarks calculated to lead to a controversy.
If the gentleman supposes that I intended to
charge upon him the manufacturing of a false
rumor, I have only to say that I disclaim any such
intention.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee rose
and reported the bill to the House without amend-
ment.
The question being on its engrossments-
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
its operation, the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
read a third lime and passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill, and to lay that motion on
the table.
Which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the chair )
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the California mes-
sage was again laid aside.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved to take up the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1851.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, t wish to state
to the House in regard to the bill, that the Indian
Department itself has notified the Committee on
Indian Affairs that important papers will be laid
before that committee by them to-morrow morning-,
from which amendments desired by that depart-
ment will necessarily result. 1 ask the gentle-
man, therefore, to take up some less important
bill to-day, so that the Indian appropriation bill
may be reserved until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYLY. I yield to the suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
whose committee the subjects comprised in this
bill principally belong.
FORTIFICATIONS.
I move (continued Mr. B.) to take up the bill
making appropriations for certain fortifications of
the United States, for the year ending 30th June,
1851.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly taken up and read.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will not move that the com-
mittee rise and report this bill to the House, be-
cause I suppose that some amendments will be of-
fered. But 1 move that the committee rise, in order
to bring the debate within the opeiation of the five
minutes rule.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported progress
on the bill.
Mr. BAYLY offered a resolution in the usual
form, providing for the termination of debate on
the bill in five minutes after it should again have
been taken up in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was stated to be on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. VEiN'ABLE. This is the gag-law. 1 ask
the yeas and nays on the adoption of' the resolu-
tion.
• Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered, and
Messrs. Ewing and Potter were appointed.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. ORR, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order to
move an amendment to the resolution extending
the time for debate. °
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. ORR. I move to amend the resolution by
striking out "five minutes," and insetting "two
hours."
The question on the amendment was taken, and
•the vote stood—ayes 52, noes 61.
No quorum voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers.
Mr. HOUSTON, (to the Speaker.) Is it in
order to move an amendment to the amendment?
Tne SPEAKER. It is i'n order.
Mr, HOUSTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " one hour," instead of " two
hours."
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and the "vote stood—ayes 55, noes
69.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers,
who were ordered, (and Messrs. Woodward and
Kw«, of Rhode Island, were appointed.)
The question was then again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 45, noes 97.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment—
Mr. FEATIIERSTON moved that the resolu-
tion, be laid-upon the table.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 50, noes 75.
ScTthe resolution was not, laid upon the table.
The question then again recurred on the amend-
mentofMr. Orr, sinking out " five minutes"and
inserting "two hours." *
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Speaker.) Is it
in order to move to amend the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out " two hours" and in-
serting u to-morrow at twelve o'clock."
Mr. ORR said, he would accept the amendment
of Mr. McClernand, as a modification of his
own amendment.
The question on the amendment was taken, and
the vote stood—ayes 64, noes 76.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Olds and
McQueen were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 64, noes 79.
So the modified amendment of Mr. Orr was re-
jected.
Mr. ORR renewed his amendment in its original
form—-to terminate debate in two hours after the
bill should again have been taken up in committee.
Mr. GOTT demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded,
And the main question was ordered, being first
on the amendment of Mr. Orr.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 83, nays 81; as follow;
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Alston, Anders-on, Abhe, Avor-
elt, Bingham, Bocock, Bow don, Boyd, Burt, E. C. Cabell,,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Chngman, Wil-
liamson It. W. Cobb, Crowtll^Deberry, Disney, Uiuiham7
Diirkee, Edmuudson, FoatheMon, Fuller, Gorman, Gould,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Hams, Milliard, Holladay, Holme-, Houston, Howard*
IJowo, Hubbard, Joseph W. Jack<on, Andrew Johnson,
James* L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, La S£ie, Job
Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeCleruand, McKissoek, Mc-
Lanahan, McMullen1iVkQ,ueen, McWiliie, Mom?, Nflson,
(>rr, Outlaw, Owen, Paiker, Peck. Pitman, Powell, Reed,.
Richardson, Root, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Sweet-er, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, JohVi 13. Thompson, Undeihill, VenabieT
Wallace, WVlIhom, Wildnck, Wood, Woodward, and
young—83.
NAY^—Messrs. Albert&on, Alexander, Ashman, Bayly,
Bennett, BissHI, Kokep, Booth. Brig s, Brooks, William
J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B.
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Claike, Cleveland, C''le, Conger, Corvvin, Daniel, Dini-
nurk, Dixon, Fhsty, l)oer, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
iNathmi Evans, Ewing, Fitch, FowH r, Freedley, Giddings,
Gott, Hallowav, Thomas L. Hams, Raymond, Hebard,
Henry, Hit.baid, Hoaytand, Hunter, William T. J ick.-ou^
Julian, George G. Kine, Jaines G. King, John A. King,
Preston King, Leffler, Levin, LittlUii-ld, Horace Mann,
M.utcson, McDonald < '{.?•, iVdf-lee, Porter, Putnam, Risiey,
Robbing Rnbinsun, Rockwell, Rose, Rtim-ey, sJchooleratt,
Shepperd, Silvester, Sp.iuldmg, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stetson, Taylor, Walden,~ Waldo, White, and
Williams—81.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurted on the adoption of
the resolution as amended.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
So the House decided that debate should termi-
nate in two hours.
Mr. BAYLY then moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
'The motion having been agreed to—
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the .Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Bofb in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for certain forti-
fications, &c.
Mr. BAYLY said, there seemed .to be some ap-
prehension that he desired to stop the debate pre-
cipitately upon these appropriation bills; particu-
