38-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to lay on
the table the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to lay on the table the resolution of the
gentleman from Wisconsin. Upon that motion
the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman from Florida
[Mr. Cabell] asks to be excused from voting,
and on that motion I call the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The first motion is that of
the gentleman from Florida, to be excused from
voting. On that motion the yeas and nays are
asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
. Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked to be ex-
cused from voting on the motion to excuse Mr.
Cabell.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
, such a motion would be in order.
Mr. BROWN. I make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi asks to be excused on the motion to ex-
cuse the gentleman from Florida from voting.
Mr. CARTER rose to a question of order. He
wished to inquire whether this House, under its
rules, was so miserably engaged that it was in the
power of a small minority 
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
said the gentleman from Ohio would state his
point of order 
Mr. CARTER. I am endeavoring to inquire
into the structure of the rules. [A luugh.l
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will suspend until order is restored.
Mr. CARTER. I was about to inquire, Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. JONE^. X demand that the gentleman
from Ohio, shall reduce his point of order to
writing.
Mr. CARTER. That is a very unusual de-
mand. [A laugh.]
The SPEAKER said that the rules did not re-
quire a gentleman upon the first statement, to re-
duce his point of order to writing. After he had
stated it and it became necessary, he could be
called upon to reduce it to writing.
Mr. CARTER. I will reduce it to writing,
if the gentleman wishes, after I have*stated it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
gentleman from Ohio, that it is necessary to con-
fine himself to a bare statement of the point of
order.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to make myself under-
stood upon the point of order. Is it in order, Mr.
Speaker, to multiply one question upon another,
in the way of calljmg the yeas and nays, &c., with- j
out disposing of any of the questions before the j
House? Now I confess I nrn unlearned in the :
matter, and I inquire purely for information; for 1
can conceive that this House may be made a foot
ball, to i>e kicked about by a minority.
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
is iransccneing the rules of order.
Mr. CARTER. I beg pardon of the Speaker
and the House.
Mr. Carter resumed his seat.
The SPEAKER,. The only point of order the
gentleman can present would be in reference to
the motion immediately pending. The Chair is
of opinion thai the motion now hefore the House
is one v\ Inch can nnd ought to be eiueHaincd. As
to the eifttot of these motions, to what length they
can be entertained, &c , it is not now for the Chair
to decide. The only question for the Chair to de-
cide is, whethe r under the rules of the House such
a motion can be entertained as the motion to ex-
cuse the gentleman from Mississippi from voting.
The Chair decides that it can be.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to make another point
of order, then; that is, that no question is in
order that luib the manifest purpose of arresting
the legislation of the House. [Lauglitei, and
calls to oider.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide
what purposes members may have in view. The
only question he can entertain is, whether under
the rules of the House the motion can be enter-
tained. Beyond that he cannot go.
Mr. CARTER. I take an appeal, then, for the !
purpose of testing the practicability of these rules.
[Laughter and disorder.]
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
appealed to gentlemen to preserve order.
The SPEAKER stated the pending question.
The gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] he
said, has asked to be excused from voting. On
the motion of the gentleman from Florida, the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has
asked to be excused from voting. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Carter] submits his point of
order that the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi cannot be received at this time. The
Chair has overruled the point of order. The
gentleman from Ohio appeals from the decision of
the Chair, and the question is " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. VENABLE called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER,, (continuing.) And the Chair
will state, if the decision of the Chair be sus-
tained by the House, the motion of the gentleman
from Mississippi will be in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the appeal on the table, and demanded the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. INGE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WENT WORTH called the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL asked to be excused from
voting upon the appeal.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman that the
appeal was not immediately pending, the fust ques-
tion being on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 74, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Me>sia. Albcrtson, Alston, Andeison, Averett,
Bay, Bajly, Bowdon, Bowliu, B« jd, liieek, Albeit G.
Bimvn, William J. tfiovvn, Burl, George Alfred Caldwell.
Joseph P. Caldwell, Chhjjman, Williamson R. VV. Col>l>,
Colcock, Daniel, IX berry, Oimniick, EdmundhOii, Alexun-
det Evans, Kwing, Fcathcis-ton, Gentry. Green, Hall, Isliam
G. Il.itii^, Sampson W. Hnnif, Hawiiowl, IJilhaid, llub-
bard, Inye, AikIm vv J'iiin.soii, Juirn^ L. Johnson, Kobeit W.
Johnson, Jonus, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sere, Mars-hall, Robert
M. iNRLam, MeUuuen, MeWillie, Miller, Million, More-
head, Morion, on, Outlaw, Owen, Patker, ['help*, Powell,
Robbing ltolun>on, Seddon, Stanly, Frederick P. teianton,
Richard II. Stanton, Alexander U. Stephen^Thonnu-, Jacob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, That man, Toomb-, Van
Dyke, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, William*, Woodward,
and Young—74.
NAYn—Alexis. Alexander, Andrews, A^lie, Bennett,
Bingham, Booth, BriyszH, Brooks, Bue], Bunovvs, Chester
Bntlcr, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Caiter,
Chandler, Claik, Cleveland, Cole, Conner, Coiwtn, Diekey,
l)oty. Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Darker, Nathan Evan's,
Filch, Fowler, Freedlev, Fuliei, Geny, Guiding*, (iiiinoru,
Gooden.tw, Goit, Gould, Grinnell, Hailow.iy, il nupton,
ll.nIan, Thoma* L Hams, Hay, liebaid, Henry, Houston,
Howe, Jackson, Daarel P. King, Jami's G. lung, John A,
Km-:, I'n.'Mon King, Littlefi Id, Hoiaee Mann, Job Mann,
iWalteson, MeGauuhe), iYR'Kis^oek, jYleachani, Moore, Nel-
miii, O^le, On-., Pea-lee, Pi-ck, Putnam, Reynold,-, ilis-
h;>, Rout, ltoM*, Sa( kett, {Savage, Sawielle, S<h<'tmer-
Ix.in, Selioolcialt, fcjilvoter, Spalding, Spia m\ Tluuldeii*
Sic ven-, frieihon. Strong, Sweeper, Taylor, I'ndeihtll, Wal-
den, W;il<I<>, Weniwotth, White, VVhmles.-j, Wildnck,
VYiluiot, Wilson, Wintluop, ami Wood—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Before the vote was announced, Mr. McLANE,
of Maryland, stated that the gentleman from Ohio,
who occupied the seat at his left, [Mr. Olds,] had
not voted, being absent ftom the House in atten-
dance upon a colleague who was sick, [Mr.
Morris.]
The question rccurrcd on the motion of Mr.
Thompson to lay the appeal of Mr. Carter on the :
table. <
Mr. CLEVELAND asked the general consent j
of the House to make a proposition to those gen- 1
tlemen who were disagreeing. j
Objection was made.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the gentleman will have ■
the unanimous consent.
Mr. VENABLE. I object.
Mr. JONES asked to be excused from voting on
the motion to lay the appeal on the tu';le, and de-
manded the yeas arid nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
Much confusion prevailed.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Boyd temporarily occu-
pying the chair) called to order and appealed to
gentlemen to restore quiet and preserve otder.
The question was taken.arid decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 45, nays 89, as follows:
\ EAS—Me-^rs. Albert-on, Alexander, Allen, Alston, An-
derson, Bowdon, Bnggs. W. J. Brown, BueJ, Chester Sut-
ler, T. B Butler, G. A Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell,Campbell,
(/handler, JJtmnuek, Nathan Evans, Gilnmre, Gould Hav
Haymond, Hiiliar.i, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr La
Sdrn, Littlefield, Matteson, Robert M. McLane, Meaeham
Moiehead, Outlaw, Powell, Ri>ley, Rose, SehooW r*fr s.-.i-
don, Stanly, Waldo, Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Woodward, and Young—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Abhe, Bayly, Bennett, Bingham, Booth,
Boyd, Greek, Brooks, Buit. Jo-eph Cablp, Clark, Cleveland,
Chngman, W. K. W. Cobb,Colcoek,Cole,Conger.Corwin,
Crowell, Daniel, Deberrv. Dickey, Doty, Duer, Dunham,
Durkce, Alexander Evans, Euing, Fowler. Freedley, Fuller,
Gidding*, Goodenow, Gott, Green, Hall, Halloway, Hamil-
ton, Harlan, S. W. Hams, Hebatd, Henry, Houston, How-
ard, Howe, Hubbard, Inge, 11. W. Johnson, Julian, D J\
King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Hoi ace
Mann, Job Mann, McGaughev, Mcmullen, McQueen, Mil-
ler, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Peaslee, Phelps, Putnam,
Roof,Sawtelle,Sehenck, Schermeilmrn, Silvester. Spalding,
Sprague,ft. H. Stanton.Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Stioojj,
Sweetser, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, CJrideihill, Van Dvke,
Walden, Wallace, White, Wilson, and Wood—89.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Jones.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Thompson to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose (he said) to a privileged
question. He wished to knfiw by what right
Robert E. Horner was upon the floor of the House.
He found by reference to rule 17 that certain indi-
viduals had the right to come in, and yet he found
an individual, not among the classes enumerated—
a man who had never been elected to an office "in
this House—exercising the duties of Doorkeeper,
coming into this Hall and preventing citizens from
coming in.
The CHAIR. This is not a question of privilege.
Mr. KAUFMAN. It has been decided to be a
question of privilege by the Speaker upon the mo-
tion of thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The SPEAKER. And overruled too, by the
House. *
Mr. KAUFMAN. No. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. One appeal is pending—that
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Carter J The
appeal of the gentleman from Texas, therefore,
cannot be entertained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. VENABLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I desire to know
if the resolution of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doty] were withdrawn at this stage of pio-
ceedings, whether or not it would not be the first
thing in order two weeks hence
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land will excuse the Chair from prescribing rules
for the future action of the House.
Mr. McLANE. I desire the general consent to
make a suggestion for only three minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman e,m only pro-
ceed by the general consent.
Mr. McLANE. I do not hear any objection. I
think my friend from Wisconsin vviil withdraw
his resolution after hearing my suggestion.
Objection was msde to Mr. McLane proceeding.
The call of the roll was commenced 011 the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Considerable conversation and confusion took
place, so as several times to suspend the call.
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to take
their seata and preserve order, to enable the Cierk
to record the responses of gentlemen.
| The result was finally announced, viz: yeas 10,
; nays 89; as follows:
^ I'.Ari Miosis. Albeil-,on, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Av-
erett, liaj, Bajly, Be.ili , Boivlin, lirfck, Albert G. Brown,
WillumJ, Biohii. Burt GeotgeAilrcd Caldwell,Joseph 1'.
Caldvve.ll, CIin m.tu, Williamson U. W, Cot.b, Cuk-oek,
j Conrad, Daniel, Dimmick, £dmintd.--on, Ah-xandfi Evans,
j Uu in;, F. athci-ton, Gentry. Green. Hall, [sham G Harris
i Simpson W. Ilanis, Haymond, Hillrard, Howard, Hubhard,
Iniif, Andrew Johnson, Jas. L. Johnson. Robert VV. Jolin-
; son, .r-raes, Kaufman. Kerr. La Sisrc, Mar-hall, WcL.im-
I liari. liob'Tt \L McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Mi Willie
I Meade, Mill-on, Moiehead, Moitun, Oir, Outlaw, Pnelns'
Pom II, Itobbms, Savj-e, cledilon, Slie|it]cid, HiHurd H.
Stanton. Thomas. Jacob Thompson, John L!. Thomrwm
; Tininnaii. Venable, Wallace, Williams, Woodward and
Younsj—70,
i ^A'e\aii<lor« Allen, Baker, Benntit. Binw-
i ham. Booth, B/ook-*, But'). Bnriovvw, Cli<j-Ur But-
; le , Tiionw* B. Batlei, Jo^pii Cable. Campbell, Carter,
Ch.imilei, (.'ark. Cltj\,clfnn«. ColP. Conifer, Oorwm, Ciovv-
pn, Dnty, Duhj, Dunliam, Durkee, Natlmn'Evans, FowI-t.
I-ieedlev, Fuller, Guhimus, <>ilniore, Goodenow, Gutt
Gould, Gurmell, Hallo way, liamptou, Hailan, IJcbard, Hen-
ry, Howe, Jackson, Julian. Duntl P. Kme, JamtM G. Kin ft.
John A. Kini.', Pn-^ton King, Lutlefipld, Horace Mann.
Joh Mann. Matte-on, McGau^liev, McKi-soek, Meaeham,
Moorp, NeNon, Ogie, Oti>, lVdv^e,lVck. Phcnix, Pitm.m,
Reynold--, Root, Ro-e, Sa< kf?t, Sawtelle, Schfjiek, School-
cratr, Silvester, Spaldniff, Spra ne, ThaddtMH Sk-vhus, Sti t-
son, Strong, Sweeper, Tn\ lor, Underbill, Walden, Waldo,
Wentwofib, White. Whittloey, Wildiick, Wijmot, Wil-
son, Winthmp, and Wood—S9.
So the House refused to adjourn.
