1*18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
July 30,
of decay, and needed repairs? And whether it
required $20 000, #30,000, or $40,000 annually, to
keep them in repair? The gentleman from the
Detroit district had said, that the fortification at
that point was only partially completed. He was
inclined to believe that, if it was only partially
Completed, it had better remain uncompleted.
He was aware that thjs appropriation bill would
rtess the House, from his knowledge of the gen-
eral action of Congress, but he would like to have
some information laid before the committee in re-
gard to the manner in which this money was ex-
pended. He wanted to know why it was that
these fortifications could not be kept up without
an annual appropriation. He desired to know
what amount of money~had been ex pended on Fort
Jackson, on the Mississippi—a fort which .was of
no earthly use for preventing the approach of an
enemy to the city of New Orleans. No enemy
would undertake to "approach the city from that
direction. Any admiral or commandant of a fleet
who dared to do so should be cashiered for incom-
petency. He desired to know what was to be
done with the appropriation for that fort? He
- now believed it was one of the very strongest po-
sitions in the interior.
Mr. BAYLY replied to the interrogatory of the
gentleman, by reading from the documents trans-
mitted to the House by the War Department.
Mr. MORSE defended the appropriation for
Fort Jackson. He contended that it was a highly
important fortification, and replied to the remark
of the gentleman from Indiana, that no fleet would
attempt to approach the city in that direction, by
saying that in making the attempt, they would run
$>e r sk of losing their entire fleet. The gentle-
men was well aware that a large portion of the
commerce of thirteen States of this Union passed
along that route. Did the gentleman grudge to
appropriate two thousand or three thousand dol-
lars for the protection of the entire commerce of
the Mississippi river ? The position of Fort Jack-
eon was at the first eligible point from the mouth
of the Mississippi, where a fortification could be
erected. And he would remind the gentleman
that during the last war there was an attempt to
ascend the Misssssippi by sailing vessels. How
much easier would it be to ascend by steamers !
Mr. GORMAN said, he did not propose to
strike out of existence this fort, although the gen-
tleman had not controverted anything he had said;
but the chairman of the Commjttee of Ways and
Means had read here that this appropriation was
desired for the purpose of digging the ditch be-
longing to the fort deeper. Why was that neces-
sary now? If necessary now, was it not equally
necessary last year ? The (fetch, he would under-
take to say, could be dug to any necessary depth
by one hundred men in twenty-four hours. He
believed that with one hundred men, he kould
make the ditch of sufficient depth for any military
purpose in one day. He wanted to know why it
was that these fortifications required the same ap-
propriations each succeeding year? There was a
singular uniformity in the amount appiopriated
each year.
Mr. EVANS again quoted from the documents,
to show what expenditure was necessary in the
case of Fort Jackson, and what particular work
was intended to be accomplished.
Mr. GORMAN resumed. The gentleman has
said that there was a necessity for an exterior
battery. If there was a necessity for an exterior
battery, he would ask gentlemen who had had
experience in that line of service, if an exterior bat-
tery could not be thrown up in ten days5 time?
But there was another thing, concerning which
he desired some information. Hp perceived that
there was appropriated for the harbor at Balti-
more the sum of &40>000. Where was the neces-
sity for this ? Was there an exterior battery to
be erected there? Was it necessary that Balti-
more should have $40,000 a year for the construc-
tion of exterior batteries? He had visited several
of these fortifications, and he would undertake to
say, that they were in as good a state of repair as
they need be, unless in alime of actual war; and
in that event, there could be no necessity for such
an expenditure of money for putting them in re-
pair, because everything that was necessary, could
be done by the soldiers in forty-eight hours.
The experience of every man (said Mr. G.) who
knew anything about the matter was, that an
army in time of war could place almost any of
our present fortifications in a complete state of de-
fence in less than forty-eight hours. He thought
it was time to check these exorbitant appropria-
tions; and to do this, he believed it was only
necessary to let the people of the country know
what it was for,—that they were appropriating, year
after year $30,000 or $40,000 for the same work.
If this course was to be pursued by the Congress
of the United States, there would be no limit to the
expenditures of the Government, and they would
go on constantly increasing, and this, too, at a
time when we were at peace with all the world,
and " the rest of mankind." It might be said that
he was too young a member to take upon himself
to find fault with the extravagance of the expendi-
tures of this Government; but he would not permit
himself to be diverted from the performance of
what he deemed to be his duty"; by any such sug-
gestions. The whole amount of the appropria-
tions for the present year was about $51,600,000—
nearly $5'<2,000,000. That was a much larger sum
than had ever been appropriated in any one year
for the ordinary expenditures of the Government.
He hoped to be pardoned for raising his voice
against the appropriations proposed by the com-
mittee; but he would pay to this House, and he
intended to report it to the country, that he re-
quired to know the reason for those extravagant
annual appropriations. He had no desire to de-
tain the committee with further remaiks.
You ask for nearly one million of dollars for
your forts, mostly on the Atlantic sea-boaid; and
you have held out the temptation to nearly every
nortern, easthern, and southern Representative,
with a view, it may reasonably be inferred, of giv-
ing strength to your extravagance.
But, sir, when the West ask you to reduce the
price of the public lands, we find you, whose in-
terests are benefited by this bili, voting against it.
When we propose to advance the settlement of
our vacant lands., your sea-board interests op-
pose it.
Again, sir: Is it possible that the natural decay
of our forts in one year is such a3 to require
nearly one million to keep them up? In the nfct
place, I want to know where this money goes. I
want to see the items of expenditure.
I want to know the necessity for an extension,
or enlargments of these foils. I suspect, sir, that
it is only a mode of parceling out the funds of the
public Treasui y.
I am told that most of the estimates for the next
year, so far as they have been reported, will far
exceed the present. And, sir, I have searched in
vain for a sufficient reason for this reckless and
useless extravagance.
He would merely say, in conclusion, that he
should continue to vote against all appropriations
which seemed to him to be extravagant and un-
necessary, until such reasons could be adduced
which he believed would satisfy his constituents
that the appropriation was actually required.
Mr. CARTTER said, he did not know as to what
necessity there might be for these various fortifica-
tions. He had no personal acquaintance with the
sea-board; but.there did happen to be an appropri-
ation in this bill, the inutility of which he was
perfectly acquainted with. And he hoped that
every gentleman on that floor would disregard his
local prejudices, and disregard the peculation that
hangs around these appropriations, in the way of
" stealing," and allow himself to be governed
solely by his reason and judgment in regard to an
appropriation which was proposed to be given to
the Gieat West. Out of millions of dollars, the
sum of $15,000 has found its way into the region
lying northwest of the Ohio river—just about the
proportion that reaches there. This $15,000 is
proposed to be expended upon a fortification in
the Detroit liver; and the gentleman representing
that district had notified them that the object of
th^t fortification was to prevent British vessels
from ascending the river; and the able gentleman
who is chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means had assigned, as a reason for this appropri-
ation, not a defence of our towns, but the protec-
tion of our commerce. But in the case of this
fortification at Detroit, neither of these reasons
exist; for the fortification could not, in any
event, accomplish either purpose. If he wished
to expose American shipping to an attack of the
enemy, he would use the reason he had' assigned
for the erection of this fortification—he would
string them all along the girt of the narrow chan-
nel of the Detroit river, exposed to broadsides from
the Canadian shore. If the fortification was de«*
sirable, with the view of protecting our fleet under
the guns of the fort, let it be erected on the border
of some bay, in which a fleet could assemble.
Mr. BAYLY. The honorable gentleman mis-
apprehends me to a certain extent. I do not mean
to eay that this is the sole use of fortifications, ft
was only one of my illustrations. I do not know
that the fortification is necessary in this case for
the protection of our shipping; but I desire to ask
the gentleman if there is any other obstruction ex-
cept the fort on the Detroit river, to prevent the
passage of British ships from the lower to the
Upper Lakes?
Mr. CARTTER. There are plenty of obstruc-
tions. We have got a commerce; we have com-
mercial ships that would annihilate any British
fleet before it could reach Cleaveland. To talk of
the nece&sity of this fort for such a purpose is per-
fect gammon.
Mr. By EL. I understood the gentleman to say
that the river was but half- a mile wide opposite
the fort.
Mr. CARTTER. I alluded to the general out-
line of the river.
Mr. BUEL. In reference to the general outline^
the gentleman stated that it was but half a mile
wide.
Mr. CARTTER. How wide is it?
Mr. BUEL. It is at least one mile wide oppo-
site the fort.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not care how wide it is
opposite the fort. I know that in many places it
is not more than half a mile wide.
Mr. BUEL. The gentleman states that it is of
slight matter to him whether it is half a mile wide
or not. But I think it is of some consequence to
this House. When the gentleman states a fact  
Mr. CARTTER (interposing) said, he could
not consent to be deprived of his time. The E|e~
troit river, (as he had said,) in its general outline,
was from half to thiee quarters of a mile wide.
Who ever thought of piotecting our commerce on
the lakes, by sending it into a narrow channel for
the purpose of protection ? It was the most ridic-
ulous proposition he had ever heard. How was
the commerce of the lakes to be protected, with-
out having a fortification on Detroit river1 it had
been demanded by gentlemen. His answer was,
that their commerce would protect itself, as it had
done heretofore. Every sailing vessel and every
steamboat could be converted, m an houi's warn-
ing, into a hostile armament. Talk about pro-
tecting our commetce by means of a fort! Any-
body who knew anything about the extent of that
commerce, would laugh at the man who proposed
it. The true reason for the appropriation was,
not the protection and security of our commerce,
but the security and protection of those who have,
all their lives, been subsisting upon the bounty
of this Government—old rusty officers, who have
been conquering a peace about thirty years in
idleness and sloth.
He insisted that the true policy was to erect a
fortification wheie there was something to protect;
where a ship could ride, and make a harbor, which
he denied that any ship could do for half the
time at Detroit. Fortifications should be built
where your commerce is collected together for
shipment. They might, with more propriety, be
located anywhere than up this river, where ships
could never move for want of a wind. He con-
tended that this appropriation was indefensible,
and that the only object of inserting it in the bill
was to salt down northwestern members.
He complained that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had not given the full
information concerning these works which ou^ht
to be given. He had not told the committee how
this money was to be expended, in what condi-
tion these works are, and in what condition they
will be left, when this appropriation is expended.
He had not shown the necessity which exists for
this expenditure.
Mr. BAYLY begged to be allowed to say, that
the gentleman from Ohio must have misunder-
stood him. He had already stated th$t these ap-
propriations were all recommended by the Engi-
neer Department. All the items were asked for
by that department. The Committee of Ways
and Means had not, indeed, given all which had
been asked for by the department. They struck
out some of the items. It was the rule of the
