384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18.
a motion to adjourn having been made and re-
jected, another motion to adjourn cannot be re-
ceived, without some intervening business; and
the motion to adjourn having been rejected, upon
a vote of less than a quorum, that we must have a
call of the House or a count, to ascertain whether
there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
js aware, that even if his point of order were en«
tertained, no appeal could be entertained, for one
appeal is already pending. The Chair would state
that the question before the House is on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I submit to.the
Chair, that as an appeal is not in order, and as it
is not in order under the rules, to submit to the
Hou^e any motion, not even a motion to adjourn,
that this House stands dissolved and adjourned for
the day. (Laughter.)
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the House does not stand odjourned, until a major-
ity of the House decide that it shall be adjourned.
Mr. SCL-JENCK. I desue to state the point of
ordtr which I make.
Mr. ASHE rose to a point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am making a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wilt hear the
point of order of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,]
Mr. SCHENCK. By the 50th rule there can be
no call of the House after the previous question is
seconded; but ihat rule relates to the tiansaction
of business, a quorum being present, JUeie, how-
ever, we have no quorum. By the Constitution it
is provided that a smaller number than a quorum
may adjourn Irom day to day, and compel the at-
tendance of absent members. By the G5th rule it
is provided that " any fifteen members (including
the Speaker, if there be one,) shall be authorized
to compel the attendance of absent memheis."
My point of order is, then, that notwithstanding
the second of the previous question, we have the
ri^ht, when we find ouiselves without a quorum,
under the provision of the Constitution and the
Go.h rule, (the 50 h rule not then applying,) " to
compel the attendance of absent members;" and
in order to do so, to ascertain who are absent. A
motion to adjourn having been made and voted
down, I propose to renew the call of the House,
which I claim 1 may do, notwithstanding the 5Uih
rule. Instead of receiving my motion the Speaker
is ent naming a motion to adjourn directly; and
my point of oider is, that the .second motion to ad-
join n cannot be entei tamed, no motion having; in-
tervened since the rejection of the. Ihsst motion to
adjouin, and the Speaker ovenuling the point, I
appeal from his decision, if the Speaker says he
will not entertain my appeal theie is an end of it.
But I with it to be distinctly understood that I ap-
peal.*
'i lie SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
reasons why he will not entertain the appeal, in
order that they may be distinctly understood by
the House.
Mi. DUER. The Chair before stating them
will permit me to make an additional point of
order by way of suggestion—that there is no con-
tradiction between the rule of the House which
says you shall not have a call of the House
after the second of the previous question, and the
provision of the Constitution and the rule allow-
ing fiheen members to order a call and compel the
attendance of absent members, for the reason that
the rule prohibiting a call ol the House after the ,
second of the previous question, must apply to |
calls where theie is a quorum competent to do I
business; whereas the other lule and this clause of
the Constitution provide for case3 where there is
not a qnojurn.
I ha SPEAKER. The Constitution authorizes
a smaller number than a quorum " to compel the I
attendance of absent members-." The House has j
passed the rules by which it will carry out this !
provision of the Constitution. If by these rules j
it has tied its hands, it is the misfortune of the i
House, but the Chair must be bound by them, j
The decision that there can be no call of the House I
after the second of the pievjous question, the [
Chair believes will be found to be in conformity
With the practice and decisions of the House duimg j
perhaps every preceding administration of the ]!
Chair, since the foundation of the government, cer- i!
amiy under every administration. Certainly since JJ
he has been a member of this body in no instance
has there been known a call of the House to be
entertained after the previous question was se-
conded.
Upon the other point made by the gentleman
from Ohio, on which he desires to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, the Chair believes
that every member of the House will coincide with
him in the opinion he now expresses, that points
of order cannot be multiplied one upon the other;
and the Chaic cannot entertain an appeal froth his
decision when another appeal is pending before
the House and undisposed of. It is for this rea-
son the Chair has pronounced his decision, and he
has desired to state it to the House that it may be
distinctly understood by them.
It is moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTER. "With a view to disembarrass
the question which my colleague makes, I will
withdraw my appeal.
Mr. SCHENCK therefore restated his point of
order and appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the Speak-
er now to entertain my appeal from the decision
of the Chair, that he will receive a motion to
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. After the decision of the mo-
tion to adjourn, if it be rejected, the Chair will
receive the gentleman's point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair will entertain the
appeal from the decision, receiving the motion to
adjourn after that motion is disposed of? Will the
Chair now receive the appeal—the appeal of my
col!eague'[Mr Carter] having been withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. Having entertained a mo-
tion to adjourn, the gentleman from Ohio will per-
ceive, for the reasons which the Chair has already
stated, that no question of order can arise pending
that motion.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and decided in the negative—yeas 52, nays
83; as follows;
YKA^~Messrs. Albert^on, Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Buyl>, Boyd, Bieek, AlbeitG, Brown, Burt, Chester Buiier,
R. Cumiiiitoh Cabell, G. oige A. Caldwell, Joseph i\ Cald-
well, Uliugiii.ii), VV ilhuiNSon R. \V. coUii, Coniad, Dame),
Diimi.ick, Dmiian, KdmumHon, Alexander Evan>, ililhaid,
Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Andiow Johnson, James L
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kerr,Ma;shall, Robt rt
M. Mi Lane, McMullen, M« Queen, MeVVUlie, Mill-on,
JVloreheud, Moiton, < Unlaw, Parker, Powell, Rotibins, Sav-
age, iSeddon, Fndeuek P. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson. Thurnian, Wallace, and VVood-
v\ anl—52.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bi icg-j,
Brooks, Burrows, Thomas B Butler, Joseph Cable, Camp-
bi II, <;art«r, Cliamiler, C.ark, I h veland, Colo, Conger
Cut win, UrotvHl, Dickey, D >i>, Dn«r, Dunham, Duilt.-e'
Fit«,h, Fowier, Fuller, Guiding, Giluiore, Good< now. Gnu,
Gould, Gutm< ||, IJ.dloway, J'ampion, UhiIan, Thomas L.
Ham-., Uebaid, Ili'nty, Howe, Jat k.->ou, Julian, l>. P. Kuiir,
Jauns G. Kin , John A. King, Pivstmi kmu, Litthfiold,
Iloraeo Mann, Matleson, Melvi.-soek, Meacham, Mooie,
Nel-on, Ogle, Pcasdee, Peek, Pitman, 1'ottci, R..ot, Ro>e,
Sa- keu, Sawteilc, Sehenek, Sebt i mei horn, Scliooleiatt,
Si I v'( sti'i, Spalding, Sprague, Thadd.iH Su veils, Stetson,
Strong, 5nv< etsei, Undi thill, Wafden, Waldo, Wentwoitn,
White, Whtuie-i'V, Wddrick, Wihnoi, Wilson, Wnilliroo,
Wood, and Young—8.'* 5
So the House lefused to adjourn.
[It was now half past ten o'clock.]
X'he SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Carter] now withdraw his appeal?
Mr. CARTER. It is immaterial—whether it
stands or not.
1 he SPEAKER. The appeal of the gentleman
from Ohio being withdrawn, the question recurs
upon 
Mr. STEVENS of Pennsylvania rose to a
point of order; and made the point, that while this
business remained before the House, under the
second of the previous question, the Chair could
entertain no question, except a motion to adjourn;
but must put the question upon ordering the main
question. He held, therefore, that all the motions
which had been entertained were out of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order must be
confined to the present motion. The other mo-
tions are not now before the House. The Chair
cannot entertain a point ol order affecting five or
six or more questions.
Mr. SIEVENt>. I can make the pointasto
each question successively.
The SPEAKER. By the withdrawal of the
appeal ot the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Carter,]
the House is placed back in the same position in
which they were before the appeal was taken,
which was that the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] asks to be excused from voting
upon the motion to excuse the gentleman from
Florida, [Mr. Cabell.] The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] now makes the
point of order, that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi is not entitled to make such a motion. The
Chair overrules the point, and decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Mississippi, for
leave to be excused, is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. If the decision of the Chair
is overruled with leference to this question, lean
go back and make the point of order upon ail the
others?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, in order to decide the
matter, I take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I do so to see whether we can ever get at
legislation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I move to
lay the appeal on the table.
The SPEAKER. Which places the question
precisely where it was before.
Mr. CLINGMAN appealed to the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] to withdraw
the motion to lay on the table, to allow the yeas
and nays to be ordered upon the appeal, after
which the gentleman could renew the motion.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew accordingly.
And the question recurring on the appeal—
Mr. CUNGMAjN asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON renewed the motion to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked the yeas and nays on
this motion; which were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
[It wanted now five minutes to eleven o'clock.]
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 57, nays 84; as follows:
YliAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, A>he, Av-
erett, Bajly, Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, Albert G. Brown, Burt,
E. Camngton Cabell, Guuige Alfred Caldwell, Jo^ph P.
Caldwell, Clingman, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Conrad,
Daniel, Dimmick, Edmund-on, Alexaridei Evans, Fe-uber-
ston, Green, Isham G Harri?, Sampson W. Harris, Hdlmrd,
Holiness, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sere,
Marshall, llohttt M. McLaue, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willie, Milton, Oir, Ouilaw, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Rob-
bun, Savage, Suldon, Sheppeid, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richaid H. Stanton, Thomas, John B. Thompson, VenabJe,
and Woodwaid—57.
NAYS—Me&*r.«. Alexander, Allen, Baker, Bennett, Bins-
ham, Booih, ttri2g--, Brook*, Burrow?-, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph Cable, Campbell, Caiter, Chandler, Cl.uk, Cleve-
land, Cole. Cong r, Cotwin, Ciowell, Dickyv, Dot>, Duer,
Dunham, Darkee, Nathan Evan-, Fiteh, Fowier, Fuller,
Guiding-, Goodenow, G"tr, Gould, Halioway, Hampton,
llailan, Ifebard, Henry, Howe, Jackson, Julian, Daniel P.
King, George G King, J;une  G Km?, John A. King, Pres-
ton King, Lmlefuld, Horace Mann,' Job Mann, Maueson,
Mi Ki.-6.ock, Meaeham, Moore, Morton, NeL-on, O 'le, Otis,
Pea lee, Peck, Potter, Uislej., Root, H«^e, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Schenck, Silver r, Ppaldirig, Spiague, Thad.leus
Steven-, Sieison, Stronir, Svveetsei, Taylor, Underbill,
Wahieii, Waldo, VVentworih, VVilduqk, Wiliuot, Wilson,
VVmthrop, Wood, and Young—84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WALLACE moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next,
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CARTER made the question of order,
that that motion had once been submitted to the
House and refused, and that it was therefore not
now in oi der.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is not now in order.
Mr. WALLACE. I modify my motion so as
adjourn to Thuisday, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. JONES said he would demand the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee demand the yeas and nays?
Mr. JONES. Yes; 1 demand the yeas and
nays. Gentlemen may consider them called for
upon every question.
The SPEAKER, upon reflection, stated that
this motion had already been made, and therefore
was not now in order.
Mr. JONES. I move (the Senate concurring)
that this House adjourn to Monday next.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order.
Mr. VENABLE. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday, at
eleven o'clock.
