1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. {JLOBf.
committee to report no appropriation which the
department (lid not ask'for, and not to grant what
the department did ask to the full extent.
Mr. CARTTER said, he had understood the
gentleman from Virginia to say, that the com-
mittee had reported these appropriations because
they had been recommended by the Engineer De-
partment, but not to the full extent asked for. He
did not place full confidence in the recommenda-
tions of these engineers, because they were not
the persons who had the practical Itnowjedge of
the matter", they did not perform the laborous part
of the work, earn their bread by the labor of their
hands, and toil until the sweat ran from them.
All that these egineers had to do was to make out
plans and estimates, and draw checks for the
money wh«n it was wanted. These were not the
men whose recommendations would influence him.
Their recommendations of any measure of this
sort, which involved the expenditure of a large
sum of money, would rather dispose him to dis-
regard them, than to yield to them. They who
do the laborious part are the best fitted to make
out a proper estimate of the cost, because they
have appropriated their sweat and labor in attain-
in? the competent knowledge. But these officers
of the engineers, who have never labored, and who,
probably, act on the principle that it is good policy
in the construction of public works, to ask enough
from the Government, without stopping at what
is actually necessary, could not command his con-
fidence.
He intended to vote against this appropriation.
He did not see that any fortification was required
at Detroit to defend it against any enemy. The
protection which was most loudly called for, was
protection against the fury of the elements. It
had been urged that it was incumbent on us'to
keep up a fortification here, because it was a great
outlet of our commerce. IP it was protection against
an enemy that was intended, there were living on
the spot those who were fully capable of defending
it. But it was not against an enemy that we want
protection. More men had been sunk in the waters
of Lake Eiie, than were ever likely to be lost in
resisting any war of aggression there. The people
■of that region only want protection against the
natural storms which disturb the lake, and en-
danger the safety of the shipping upon it. And
this kind of protection' was not to be obtained in
. the way proposed in this bill. He would not go
for an estimate on this subject to any of these engi-
neers. who have no better qualification for impart-
ing the information which is necessary, than the
epaulette they wear on their shoulders.
He remarked briefly on the condition of the
fortifications which had been erected under the old
system, and on their fate. He contended that it
was foolish and extravagant to extend this system
of fortifications. But if it was the intention of
Government to protect all the towns, let each town
have a fortification. Let there be no partiality.
There are towns in the Northwest which were
much more exposed, and which much more
strongly demanded protection than Detroit. Why
not give fortifications to some of the towns in
Pennsylvania? Why not erect a fortification at
Toledo, or Cincinnati, or Zanesville? This would
be much more suitable; and the same reason which
is urged for this appropriation for Detroit would
apply with equal force to any town in the centre
of Ohio. He thought there was something wrong
in continuing this system of fortifications, when
there are so many heavy drains on our Treasury,
and when there is nothing in the prospect which
• seems to make it necessary or proper to go on
with it.
He intimated that one object of making these
appropriations might be to put money in the pock-
ets of favored individuals. He apprehended that
the system of erecting fortifications was carried on
with a view to promote personal and party views;
to make voters, and carry an improper influence to
the polls on the day of election. He believed that
considerations of this kind governed the course of
those who were the most eager in building up these
monuments, which will require appropriations to
finish them and keep them in repair, again and
again.
He intended to vote against this appropriation,
because, in a time of peace, he saw no good reason
for it. He had heard no sufficient reasons ad-
vanced for going on with it. If the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means could satisfy
him of the propriety of the appropriation , he would
vote for it. But in the absence of all satisfactory
reasons, he-could not agree to sanction heavy drafts
on the public treasury for the purpose of building
up fortifications which were not likely to be of any
public utility. ^
Mr. BUEL obtained the floor, but yielded to a
motion that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 30, 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
credentials of the Hon. Robert C. Winthrop,
appointed a Senator by the Governor of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of the honorable
Daniel Webster, which were read, and the oath
prescribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Winthrop, he took his seat.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial of citizens
of Western Virginia, interested in the mining of
coal, setting forth that, in the variety of coal con-
tained in that region, much is appropriate to be used
in steam vessels, and for the other purposes re-
quired by the Government of the United States;
and that an appropriation should be made for con-
tinuing the experiments of Professor Johnson on
American coal, in order that the coal of that sec-
tion of country may be as satisfactorily tested as
those coals of the Atlantic border, in 1843; which
was referred to J;he Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
from California emigrants, dated at Council Bluffs,
asking that the Council Bluffs Ferry Company
may be permitted to establish ferries across
the Elk Horn river and Loupe Fork, and
setting forth that the north side of the Platte
river is the best route, and that hence they regard
it but as an act of justice, that the Council Bluffs
I^Wy Company, that has already made a good
road from Fort Des Moines to Council Bluffs, at
their own expense, should be permitted to estab-
lish ferries on the aforesaid streams for the benefit
of emigrants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print
the annual report of the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution, with instructions to in-
quire into the expediency of printing 5,000 addi-
tional copies, without the appendix, reported in
favor of printing the same, with 5,000 additional
copies without the appendix, 500 of which are for
the use of the Smithsonian Institution; which re-
port was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Eppes
Cowan, asking the passage of an act to authorize
him to locate the Vasquez and Colligan claims,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill authorizing
the legal representatives of Antoine Vasquez, Jo-
seph Vasquez, and John Colligan to enter certain
lands in Missouri; which was read and ordered to
a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of certain owners of French
and Spanish land claims in Arkansas, asking the
right of preemption, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill to
grant the right of preemption to actual sett'ers on
certain land in the State of Arkansas, which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
recommitted Senate bill No. 28, being the bill in
relation to donations of land to certain persons n
the State of Arkansas, with the amendments pro-
posed by Mr. Sebastian, and the amendment
made by the Committee on Public Lands, reported
in favor of the original bill without the amend-
ments.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Finance, said he was directed by said committee
to offer the following resolution, and ask its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be authorized
to employ a clerk tor the residue of the present session of
Congress, at the compensation usually paid heretofore'to-
clerks of committees. *
The resolution wsis adopted. :
THE DISORDER OP THE 17TH O?- ABM?"
Mr. PEARCE, from the Select Comixiitlge.ap-
pointed to investigate the disorder which tpok
place in the Senate ot^the 17th ofVipril last, made
a report; which, on his motion, was laid on t(ig
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, there was a
motion made and agreed to.jirst now tljat-thereport
of the committee that was raised to ipvpsti'gatg.
some disorder which occurred in the Senate softjq
time ago should be printed—I believe the niOWOft,
was only to print the report. I move to print the
evidence accompanying the report. ■>.'
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, when I pre-
sented the report 1 omitted to state that there was
a large volume of evidence accompanying it, in the
shape of an appendix, which I laid on the table
before I submitted the report, 'because it was
'rather too voluminous to transport from my-desk
to the table with convenience. The motion I made
was confined to the printing of the report. That
was all the committee deemed it necessary to print.
But if the gentlemen concerned are desirous of!
printing the testimony,I have no objection., though
1 should prefer it to be printed "in a separate
volume.
Mr. FOOTE. As I am partly interested in
this matter, 1 will make a single remark-, I have
no objection to the printing of this testimony, pro-
vided the expenditure be not too endfmous". L
feel a particular interest in the matter, because five
or six of my best speeches constitute part of the-
testimony, and I wish to give them additional cir-
culation.
The question then being taken on the motion of
Mr. Benton to print the evidence accompanying
j the report, there were—ayes 20, noes 10.
Hr. HALE. Mr. President, is thirty a quorum?
j The PRESIDEN T. Thirty is a quorum, in-
| asmuch as the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bori-
land] is absent.
Mr. HALE. I beg leave to differ with the
Chair. The Senate does not know officially of the
absence of the Senator from Arkansas,. He is not
absent by resignation. He is accidentally not in
his seat this morning. - *
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair will put
th« question again.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would inquire if the Chair
was numbered among those that were counted ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair was numbered.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Missouri to print the evidence accompany-
ing the report made by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] this morning. *
Mr. DOWNS. Before the question is taken, I
would inquire why the question of the printing of
these documents has not been referred to the Cjoiji-
mittee on Printing ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would state U?
the honorable Senator that reports of committees
are within the control of the Senate without goigg
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DOWNS- 1 understand that. But the
proposition now is not to print a report; it is to
print a mere journal of the proceedings of this se-
lect committee.
The PRESIDENT. It accompanies the report,
and is considered as belonging to it.
Mr. DOWNS. These documents are very vol-
uminous, and I can see no harm in having them
examined by the Committee on Printing. I do
not know what they contain. They may contain
desirable information, which ought to be printed.
I therefore move a reference of the matter to the
Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT. The question is -on the
motion to print the evidence accompanying this re-
port.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I desire to say
that the Senate has already acted on a similar mat-
ter this morning. There was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing a report of the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution. The Senate, in the
usual manner, ordered the report to be printed; .and
that embraced an appendix containing meteorolo-
gical and other observations. Here is the report of
the committee which has had this subject under
consideration, and accompanying the report is the
evidence upon which the report itself is based.
This evidence is an appendix^ I % n^t see that
