1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
it is out of order; nor do I understand that there is
any necessity of its goirrg to the Committee on
Printing.-
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I do not see
the necessity of sending this matter to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT. That is not the question
before the Senate. The question is on the motion
to print the evidence accompanying the report of
the select committee.
Mr. BENTON. The motion is to print one-
single copy of ihe evidence for the information of
members. I want a copy. I do not know a word
of-the report made by the committee. But my
parliamentary experience has taught me that the
whole power of a report is in the evidence upon
which it is bottomed. In Great Britain, so exclu-
sively do they rely on the evidence that they some-
times make an octavo volume, and sometimes
nearly a quarto volume of evidence, preceded by
one or two pages of a report—the report merely
opefating as an index to sl'ow the conclusions at
which the committee arrived. My own opinion is,
that the whole power of the report, whatsoever it
mav be, is in the evidence, and that evidence I wish
to have printed by an order of the Senate. Really I
do not see why any eentleman should object that
this testimony is voluminous. Be the volume of
it what it may, it should be printed. 1 hope, sir,
there will be no objection tn the printing.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I think it is
right, as th$ parties interested in this business re-
quire the printing of the testimony upon which the
report has been based, that theSenate should order
it to be printed. The committee may have fallen
into error. If so, it can be shown by the testi-
mony. I think we ought not to deny the printing
of this testimony.
Mr. BADGER. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The PRESIDENT. The report has already
been laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
The proposition now is to print the testimony ap-
pended to the report.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to understand
■what it is that we are acting upon. I therefore
ask for the readinsr of the report.
The PRESIDENT. The reading of'the report
is not in order, as it has been laid on the table and
ordered to be printed. The Senator can effect his
object by having the report taken up again for
consideration.
Mr. BADGER. Then I move to take up the
report.
The motion was agreed to
Mr. BADGER. 1 now ask for the reading of
the report.
The Secretary read two or three lines of the
report; when
Mr. WALKER moved to dispense with its
further reading:.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin need n§& be alarmed at the large
bundle of papers. I understand the report is a brief
one. The large mass of papers consists of the
testimony. I believe it is usual on the call of any
Senator to have reports read. I am unable to ascer-
tain why this report should be excepted from the
general rule.
The question being taken on Mr. Walker's
motion, it was agreed to.
So the further reading of the report was dis-
pensed with.
The question then being taken on Mr. Benton's
motion to print the testimony appended to the
report, it was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the subject was
then laid on the table.
THE REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE.
The committee appointed in conformity with a
resolution of the Senate of the 17th of April, 1850,
report: ,
That at the request of Mr. Benton and Mr.
Foote, they summoned witnesses and took much
testimony, which is set forth at large in an ap-
pendix herewith presented.
In order to a proper understanding of the facts
into which the committee were directed to inquire,
it is necessary to premise, that on several occa-
sions prior to the 17th of April last the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] had indulged in
remarks personal to the Senatcfr from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton.] That, on the occasion last,prece-
ding the one in question, Mr. Benton complained
of these personalities, in strong and violent lan-
guage, addressed to the Senate; retorted the per-
sonalities upon Mr. Foote; spoke of the failure of
the Senate fo protect its members from such in-
sults; andadedared his determination, if the Sen-
ate did not protect him thereafter, to redress the
wrong himself, cost what it might. He also said,
in substance, that a member offering such insults
should be cudgeled. On the following day, Mr.
Benton brpught into the Senate the newspaper re-
port of the altercation, which he said had been re-
vised by Mr. Foote. He pronounced it a lying
report, and denounced it as cowardly.
On the l-7th of April, the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] said, in debate, as follows:
*' Sir, I intend by these amendments to cut at the root of
all that agitation, and to cut np the whole Address or the
southern membeis by which the countiy was thrown into a
flame. I mean to show that there was no foundation for
any such thyig; that is, I mean to offer a proposition, upon
which the vote- will show that Ihere has been a cry of
"wo If" when there was no wolf; that the country has been
alarmed without reason and against reason ; that there rs no
design in the Congress of the United States to encroach upon
the rights of the South, nor to aggress upon the South, nor
to oppress thorn upon the subject of their institutions. I pro-
pose, sir, to give the Senate an opportunity or showing that
all this alarm has been without foundation; and, ! lurther
propose to give to the people of tile United States the high-
est declaration thjtt can be given on earth that they have
been disturbed ab&ut nothing; and, when,we come to that
part of the question, we'will see wiiether they are abstrac-
tions or not; and, if these are abstractions, then the coun-
try has been alarmed about abstractions."
To this the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] replied as follows:
"Iiepeat that I did not come -here* this morning in the
expectation of >a\ing a word ; and, especially, would I not
be heard referring lo anything emanating tiom a certain
(juafter, after what has occurred here, but for what [ con-
ceive lo be a direct attack upon myself, and others with
whom I am proud to stand associated. We all know the
history of the Southern Address, and the world knows its
histoiy. It is the history of the action of a band of patriots,
worthy of the highest laudation, and who will lie held in
veneration when their calumniators, no matter who they
may be, will be objects of general loathing and contempt."
* * * *
" Those who were associated with and sanctioned that
Address, are charged with being agitators. And by whom?
Willi wimm does such an accusation as this originaLe^&JI
shall not be personal after the lesson I have already reefflmd
here. I intend to be, m a parliamentary sense, perfectly
decorous in all things. But by whotn is this extraordinary
denunciation hulled against ali those individuals who sub-
scribed this Address? By a gentleman long denominated
tile oiliest member of the Senate—the father of the Senate.
By a gentleman who, on a late occasion" 
At this point of the speech of Mr. Foote, Mr.
Benton rose from his seat; threw or pushed his
chair violently from him; passed through the
opening in the railing into the passage behind the
bar of the Senate; and, without remark or gesture,
but with an angry countenance, quickly strode
down the passage, without the bar of the Senate,
towards the seat of Mr. Foote, which is distant
about twenty feet from his own—both seats being
in the back row, next the bar. Mr. Benton had
no weapon of any kind in his hands or about his
person.
Mr. Foote quickly perceiving the movement of
Mr. Benton, and, almost simultaneously with it,
left his place on the floor, and proceeded down the
small aisle which leads from his seat to the space
in front, of the Secretary's table, and which is the
one next to the principal aisle. As he did so, he
looked over liis shoulder, and drew a pistol from
his pocket—the pistol being a five-chambered re-
volver, fully loaded. Mr. Foote cocked his pistol,
either while going down the aisle, or after he had
taken his position in front of the Secretary's table.
Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin, quickly followed Mr.
Benton, when he moved down the passage, with-
out the bar, overtook him, within seven or eight
feet of Mr. Foote's seat, and took him by the
arm; when Mr. Benton said, "Don't stop me,
Dodge." Mr. Dodge then said, " Don't eompro-
mit yourself or the Senate," or words to thateffect.
Mr. Benton then turned with Mr. Dodge, and
was going back to his seat, when he perceived the
pistol in Mr. Foote's hands, which seemed to
excite him greatly. He got within the bar, near
his seat, and struggled with the Senators around
him, as if desirous of appioaching Mr. Foote,
exclaiming: "I am not armed;" "I have no
pistols;" " I disdain to carry arms;" u Let him
fire;" " Stand out of the way, and let the assassin
fire." While making these exclamations, Mr.
Benton was brought back to his seat, by the Sen-
ators around him.
In the mean time, in the midst of great noise and
confusion, Mr: Foote had remained standing in
or ritar the position he'had- taken, with his pisto!
in his hand, cocked, but with the muzzle down.
Mr. Dickinson, of New York, desired him to give
up the pistol, which he readily did, when Mr.
Dickinson locked it up in his desk. Soon after,
both Senators resumed their seats, and order was
11 restored.
,1 After giving this narrative of the proceedings in
I question, the committee feel bound to say that the
whole scene was most discreditable to the Senate.
Its origin must be traced directly to the viola-
tion of that rule of order which forbids all person-
alities; which, though it allows the member to
speak with the utmost freedom of the measure or
subject before the Senate, does not allow any di-
gression in order to arraign the motives or assail ■
the character of any other member who advocates
or opposes it. This rule is not founded merely
in conventional decorum, or that natural courtesy
i which prompts men to avoid what is painful or
! unpleasant to others. Neither is it only because
i of the dignity of the body that " reviling, nipping,
orunmannerly "words"are forbidden to be spoken.
It is required, for the freedom and purity of legis-
lation, that such a rule should be made and strictly
enforced. As no deliberative assembly can de-
serve the name which is overawed by violence,
so the deliberations of such a body, to be free,
must not be disturbed, or checked by personalities
i of language which are even more painful to the
I generous mind than violence itself, from which,
! not only the timid but the sensitive shrink, and
I which prompt men of impetuous character to
quick and passionate resentment.
To preserve the judgment undisturbed, freedom
of thought unawed, and due liberty of speech un-
checked, it must not be allowed that one( member
should denounce another's motives or arraign his
character, for anything said or done within or
without the Senate Chamber.
If it should happen that the conduct of a mem-
ber prove to be infamous, he may be expelled as
i unworthy the association of the body. If he
utter mischievous opinions in the Senate, they
may be controverted and their ill tendencies there
exposed. But, from mere personal assaults, noth-
ing but evil can flow. They lower the dignity
i and character of the body, disturb its decorum
| and harmony, overawe its deliberations, impede
j its business, destroy its usefulness, and tend to
inttoduce the law of force in the place of reason
I and the law of parliament. Still worse, is actual
I personal conflict between members. " A blow
Struck in the House of Commons," said the Earl
of Amiram, " is a blow struck at the whole Com-
mons of England." If the assault endangers life it
rises to a great degree of enormity, and, in a Re-
public, of which law and order are the main-
springs, it must shock and outrage the moral
sense of the public as well as the Senate in the
highest degree.
It is much to be regretted that the Senate has
for some time past, and, until very recently, de-
parted in its practice from the strict rules of order
in debate, and tolerated personalities, which were
increasing in frequency and violence. This ne-
glect of its own rules may in some degree palliate,
but can in nowise justify or excuse the person-
alities which led to the scene of disorder and vio-
lence into which the committee have been diiected
to inquire. They rejoice that the late presiding
officer of the Senate, after a careful inquiry into
the rules of the body, announced it to be his duty
and his purpose, as it is the right of every mem-
ber, promptly to check ali such disturbances of
its order.
The application to the question before them of
the principles and considerations which the com-
mittee have slated, is a painful duty, but one which
they must perform without favor or prejudice.
In the first place, they report to the Senate, as
their unanimous opinion, that Mr. Foote is en-
tirely innocent of any design or desire to assas-
sinate Mr. Benton. But they are bound to say,
that at various times during the present session,
Mr. Foote, without any sufficient provocation,
so far as the committee are informed, indulged in
personalities towards Mr. Benton of the most
offensive and insulting character, such as were
calculated to arouse the fiercest resentment of the
human bosom. These were suffered by Mr. Ben-
ton for a'long time with great forbearance.
On the 26th of March last, they were renewed;
