I860.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
and, on this occasion, Mr. Benton manifested his
resentment with much violence. On the succeed-
ing day he recriminated, in language equally per-
sonal, disorderly, and abusive. He complained
that the Senate permitted such outrages, and an-
nounced his purpose, if the Senate did not protect
him in future, to redress the wrong, cost what it
might.
On the 17th of April last, Mr. Fogte spoke
again, and used the language which is set forth in
the narrative of the committee. This language
the committee consider personal and offensive, be-
cause its application to Mr. Benton could not be
misunderstood, and because, in effect and by im-
plication, it charged him with being a calumni-
ator. That Mr. Foote was not promptly called
to order by the presiding officer, or some member
of the Senate, must have been owing to the fact,
that the collocation of the passages in the speech
was such that the personality was not immedi-
ately perceived. Indeed, the application of the
term " calumniator" to' Mr. Bento^ was not
made until the moment when the disorder arose.
At that point, in thg remarks of Mr. Foote, Mr.
Benton left his seat, and proceeded towards Mr.
Foote in the manner already mentioned. He
was not armed, nor does it appear that he ever
has carried' arms, but the contrary. This, how-
ever, it is believed, was not known to Mr. Foote.
What his intention was, the committee have not
been able to ascertain by direct testimony; but
they cannot avoid the inference, from all the cir-
cumstances, that he intended either to make a per-
sonal assault upon Mr, Foote or to intimidate
him. His manner, coupled with his previous
declarations, was certainly such as to justify Mr.
Foote in the belief that the first was his intention,
as it evidently did excite such apprehensions in
the minds of "many,** if not most, or all, of the"
Senators who witnessed it. Mr. Foote then left
hib seat, without advancing towards Mr. Benton,
but in fact placing himself further from him, and,
though he drew a deadly weapon, he did not pre-
sent it, and readily gave it up when demanded of
him. No blow was struck—no shot fired—but
there was imminent danger that the Senate cham-
ber would be the scene of a deadly and criminal
encounter. -
The committee cannot too strongly condemn
the practice of wearing arms in the Senate
Chamber.
Ours should be deliberations of peace, patriotism,
and wisdom; uninterrupted by personalities, un-
controlled by force, unintimidated by preparations
for deadly conflict. Senators should rely for de-
fence upon the Senate, whose high duty it is to
protect its members from injury or insult, and
whose practice should furnish a perfect guarantee
of such protection. A different coarse would con-
vert the halls of legislation into bloody arenas, and
destroy the value, if not the existence, of the in-
stitutions from which spring our glory and our
good.
J The committee have searched the precedents, and
f find that no similar scene has ever been witnessed
! in the Senate of the United States. Personal con-
fiict has, on several occasions, occurred in the
House of Representatives and in the British
House of Commons. In the former body, no
punishment has ever been inflicted, the House
being satisfied with the atonement of ah ample
apology. In the British Parliament, the House,
m one case, committed a member to the Tower,
for striking another; bat, in general, they have
proceeded no further than to put the offending
member in the custody of the sergeant at-arms,
and their decision has been made upon view, and
not afier the report of a committee.
In the present case, under all the circumstances,
the committee forbear to recommend any action
to the Senate. They hope that the strong con-
demnation of the personalities which led to threat-
ened volence, their censure of the attempt^ by a
member, to avenge himself in the presence of the
Senate, and of the practice of carrying arms in the
Senate Chamber, will be a sufficient rebuke, and
a warning not unheeded in future. Should this
hope prove vain, and similar scenes of violence
again occur, they cannot doubt that the Senate
will enforce prompt, stern, and effectual punish-
ment.
bill on leave.
Mr. £)ODGE, of Iowa, in pursuance of notice,
$sked and obtained leave.to introduce a bill to re-
linquish to the State of Iowa the salt springs set
apart for her use; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
THE BOUNDARY OF TEXAS.
Mr. MASON asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution respecting the boundary of Texas.
The reading of the joint resolution having been
called for, it was read as follows:
Resolved, ^c., That by the joint resolution approved March
1,1845, lor annexing Texas to the United Slates, it oemg
ordained that " the territory properly included within and
rightfully belonging to the Republic of Texas" might be
erected into a new State and admitted into the Union, it is
The opinion and judgment °f Congress that the admission ol
Texas into the Union, with the boundaries described by the
Jaws thereof, not objected to by the United States ai the
time of such annexation, is conclusive a? against the United
States of the right of Texas to ail teiritory included within
such boundaries.
2. Resolved, That when in a slate of war, and in the ab-
sence of actual Slrtte authority anywhere without the limits
of a State, military possession is taken by the United Stales
of such part of the territory of a State, such possession can
rightfully be considered as taken and held only in subordina-
tion to the authority of such State, to be surrendered forth-
with on the demand of such Stale when the war is ended.
3. Resolved, That it is the duty of the United States forth-
with to surrender to the constituted authorities of the State
of Texas all and any territory within the limits ol that State,
as the same are presciibed by the laws thereof, which may
have been temporarily in the military occupation ot the Uni-
ted States during the late war with Mexico.
The resolution was then passed to a second read-
ing.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BELL gave notice that he would to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to grant to the Nashville and Chatanooga
Railroad Company the rightsof way and a dona-
tion of public lands, for the purpose of locating
and constructing a section of the Nashville and
Chatanooga Railroad on and through ttoe public
lands in the State of Alabama.
HEIRS OF KOSCIUSKO.
Mr. WALKER. While I was out of my seat
yesl^rday, the resolution submitted by me some
time since, in relation to interference with the
rights and privileges of American citizens, was
laid on the table. I now rjiove to take it up, not
for the purpose of consideration at this time, but
simply to postpone it to a future period.
The motion having been agreed to,
Mr. WALKER then moved that the further
consideration be postponed until Friday next.
PRIVATE BILL PASSED.
The bill for the relief of David N. Smith, hav-
ing been engrossed, was read a third time and
passed.
IMPROVEMENT OF PRESIDENTIAL MANSION.
The joint resolution authorizing the expenditure
of an unexpended balance of an appropriation,
was read a third time and passed.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriation for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th o
June, 1851, was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred" to the Committee on Finance.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. JONES. 1 move to postpone all the prior
orders, with the view to take up Senate bill No.
82, which I believe there is just time enough to
pass before proceeding to the special order. It is
the bill for the relief of Lewis A. Thomas and
Thomas Rogers, reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered in Committee of the Whole; and, no
amendment having been proposed, it was reported
to the Senate and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
for the admission of California as a State into the
Union, to establish Territorial Governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
northwestern boundaries.
The pending question was on the following
amendment offered yesterday by Mr. Bradbury :
Strike out all after the enacting clause, m section 39,
and insert in lieu thereof as follows:
"That the President of the United States be, and lie
hereby is authorized^by and with the advice and consenkof.
the Senate, to appoint three commissioners, any two of
whom fchall have power to agree, with sueh commissioners
as ymy be appointed under the legislative authority of the
State of Texas upon the territory properly included within,
and rightfully belonging to the State of Texas at the tune of
her annexation to the United States, or at any period since '
that dale, and to define and establish the limits of the s.'me,
if they shall find it practicable to do so; and in e^se they
shall be unable to agree upon the true arid legitimate botin-
daiy of the State ot Texas, they are hereby authorized to
agree upon a convenient line of- boundary between the ter-
ritory of the United States and tb.e said State of Texa,s,'
commencing at the point where the Red river is intersected
by the one-hundredtb degree ot west longitude, being the.
southwest angle of the Indian territory, and running to a
point on the Rin Grande to be agieed upon by the said com-
missioners ; and also to agree upon the terms, conditions,
and considerations upon which such line shall be estab-
lished ; and the proceedings and agreement of the said com-
missioners shall he, as soon as possible, transmitted to the
President of the United States, to be by him submitted to
Congress, for its action thereupon. And the said agreement,
whm approved by the Congress of the United Slates, ana
the Legislature ot Texas, shall be obligatory upon the par-
ties."
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the words—
"Commencing at the point where the lied river is inter-
sected by the onu-hundiedih degree of we&t longitude, being
the southwest angle of the Indian territory, and running to
a point on the Rio Grande."
The amendment to the amendment having been
debated by Mr. SEBASTIAN and Mr. CLAY,
was rejected.
Mr. DAWSON moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding ihe following words thereto;
j3nd be ib further enacted, That until such time as the
boundary liue.betvveen the State of Texas and the rerritory
of the United States be agreed to by the Legislature of the
State of Texas and the Government of the "United States,
the territorial government authorized by this act shall not go
into operation east of the Rio Grande, nor shall any State be
established for New Mexico embracing any territory east of
the Rio Giande.
The subject was debated by Messrs. DAW-
SON, BEN TON, CLAY, DOUGLAS, BUTLER,
MILLER, RUSK, UNDERWOOD, EW1NG,
FOOTE, BALDWIN, and HOUSTON.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I have thought
for some length of time that the friends of this
measure were anxious only to obtain terms with
Texas. Having despaired of their ever reaching
that end, having lost all hope that they will be able
to succeed in that achievement—for it seems that
Texas will not consent to anything, will not sup-
port anything—and as it would seem that the pas-
sage of this bill is utterly hopeless, i move to lay"
it on the table.
Mr. HALE. Uponlhat question I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill on the table, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton, Butler,
Chape, Claike, Davis of Massachusetts. D.i^is of Missis-
sippi, Ua>ton, Dodge of Wisconsin. Ewing, Greene, Hale,
fiamlin, Hunter,* Mason, Miller, Phelps, Seward, Smith,
Turney, Upham, Walker, Wmthrop, and Yuiee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Bngiit, Cass, Ciav, Clements, Cooper, Dawson, Dick-
inson, Dodge ol Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Feieh, Foote, .Hous-
ton, Jones, King, Mangiun, Moiton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, .
Rusk, Sebastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales,
and Whiteomb—isi.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now recurs
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia, to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine; and on this question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Mrs«rs Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson. Dickinson,Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foote, Houston,
Hunter, Jones, King, Mariguiu, Mason, Morton, Phelp*-,
Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul6, Stuigeon, Turney, and
; Yuiee-30.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Bright,
! Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of
' Wisconsin, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene," H.ile, Hamlin,
Miller, Noiris, i'earce, Seward, Shields. Smuh, Spruanee,
Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Whitcouib and Wm-
throp—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The PRESIDENT. The question now recur
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine, as
amended, and on this question the yeas and nays -
have been ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment as
amended^ resulted a-> follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AtehiSon, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Bright, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, Dick-
inson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felefc, Foote
