1830.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
liSti
Committee on Indian Affairs to move that the bill
be put upon its passage; and, before the question
was taken, he desired to say a very few words in
explanation of the motion.
The bill had been passed by the Senate at an
early sta^e oT the present session, from a convic-
tion on the part of thegovernment, and of the other
branch of the Legislature, that the subject was one
of great importance. The Indiantribes embraced
-in the bill were themostwailike in all the western
country. During the present Bession, Congress
had already, in consequence of the hostile demon-
strations made by the Indian tribes upon the west-.
ern frontier, and against the peopfe of Texas and
New Mexico, authorized an increase in the army
to an extent involving; an expenditure of two or
three millions of dollars. The Government was
satisfied that a treaty should be entered into, and
that it would be attended with the mo3t salutary
results. There were at the present time captives
among- these Indian tribes—women and children—
recently taken from the western settlements, and
it was.our duty to resort to every legitimate means
for their rescue.
This could only be done by entering into treaties
with the tribes, and establishing friendly relations
with them. The estimated expense of these treaties,
and of the purchase of the captives, were two
hundred thousand dollars. The estimate was mnde
by Colonel Mitchell, Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs at St. Louis, an experienced officer, who had
been in the Indian service many years, as every
western member well knew. He did not wish to
protons; the discussion. He had made this state-
ment to show the necessity of immediate action.
And he moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read to the
House.
The hill was read.
Mr^STANTON", of Tennessee, moved to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
* state of the Union. He said it contained an ap-
propriation, and must be referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] that the
bill must be rpferred.
Mr. CROWELL. May it not, without objec-
tion, be passed?
The SPEAKER. It can be by unanimous con-
sent.
' Mr. RICHARDSON objected, remarking that
it was a very important bill.
The question was taken, and
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made adverse reports in the following;
cases, which were severally ordered to lie on the
table, viz:
The petition of S. L. Fremont, a lieutenant in
the United States army, praying that he may be
restored to his former rar.k as a staff officer;
The petition of James McNutty, a soldier in the
war of 1812, praying for the arrears of pay due
him;
. The petition of Captain J. G. Barnard, of the
Engineer Corps, asking the restoration of the pay
and,al!owances of the officers of the Corps of En-
gineers;
The petition of William Hutchinson of Ken-
tucky, asking for compensation for services ren-
dered in the war of 1812 as a spy;
The petition of Benjamin Moore, praying com-
pensation for his improved method of percussion
flint-lock arms, which has been adopted by the
Ordnance Board, and is now in use at the national
armories;
The petition of Charles G. Layton, praying
compensation for the value of the schooner Albert
Gallatin,captured by the enemy in the late war with
England, while used as a transport vessel by the
American troops in November, 1814; and
The petition of Hamilton P. Bee and others,
and the resolution of the House of the 24th of
April last, in relation to the raising of another
regiment of cavalry.
RANK IN THE ARMY.
Mr. BURT said he had been directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report to the
House a joint resolution declaratory of rank in
certain cases.
# The resolution being read a first and second
time by its title, \
Mr. B. moved that it be put on its passage.
Mr. BURT said, if the House would indulge
him for five minutes or-less, he would explain to
them the character of this joint resolution. It
involved a matter purely of military regulation.
By the 6ist article of war, officers who hold a
commission in the staff of higher rank than that
which they held in the line, were upon courts-
martial, and when different corps of the army meet
together, entitled to rank according; to their prior
commission. The rank operated in the nature of
brevet rank. Cases had arisen, and one was
pending at this moment, in which an officer in the
line of the army of the rank of lieutenant, had
been appointed quartermaster, exercised the com-
mission for some length of time, and voluntarily
resigned his commission of quartermaster. Other
cases had arisen, in which the staff commission
had been abolished bylaw. But in nil these eases,
the officers claimed t.he brevet rank of the commis-
sion which they had voluntarily resigned or which
had been abolished by law.
The War Department deemed it necessary that
Congress should declare its opinion upon the
point. It had Ion? been a controverted question
in the army. The Committee on Military Affairs
were, unanimously, decidedly of the opinion that
an officer holding a commission in the line of the
army, who had held a staff appointment which
was cither abrogated by law or voluntarily relin-
quished by the officer, should not be entitled to this
rank. They thought where the staff commission
had been abolished or resigned, that it should be
held as if it had never existed. That there was
no proprley whatever in allowing them precedence
in courts martial, or where different corps of the
army meet together; and they had proposed to the
House, for its adoption, the joint resolution. It
did not touch the case of brevet, but was confined
strictly to the case which he had mentioned. He
believed that no officer of high rank in the army
entertained for a moment the supposition that, un-
der such circumstanccs, they should be entitled to
brevet rank.
He trusted, therefore, that the House would
adopt this resolution, which the War Department
deemed necessary to the service.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. This resolution,
as I understand it, relates to the rank of officers
of the army, and to the question of precedence
among these officers.
Mr. BURT. I will explain. I fear that my
fr'end from Maryland was not present when this
joint resolution was under consideration in the
Committee on Military Affairs. It was not a
question relating to the precedence between the
regular officers of the line and those of the staff,
or in anv way interfering with their rank.
Mr. EVANS. It is a question relating to rank.
Mr. BURT replied, that it was a question of
rank, but it only related to the rank which a lineal
officer, who has filled a situation in the s afT,
which he has either voluntarily relinquished, or
which had been abrogated, should afterwards hold.
Mr. EVANS begged the House to give him its
attention while he made a single remark. This
question of rank and precedence between officers
of the line and of the staff of the army, and be-
tween officers of the army and officers of the navy,
seems likely to be productive of no less an evd
than the disorganization of the whole service. It
was a subject which was constantly pressed on
members of this House in memorials, and some-
times by private letters addressed to them by offi-
cers. He believed it mi?ht possibly result in an
entire disorganization. On his motion, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs had adopted a resolu-
tion, afterwards unanimously passed by this
House, calling on the President of the Uniled
States to submit his views on the subject of the
relative rank of the officers of the army and navy,
and in relation to all the other questions of rank of
any kind. He had such confidence in the knowl-
edge and discretion of the President of the Uniled
States, as to believe that, standing above the in-
fluence of all personal feeling on the subject, he
would give such an answer to the resolution as
would lead to a final adjustment of the difficulty.
He felt himself even at liberty to state, that the
President would call a board of officers equally
above all improper feeling, who would report such
plans as would permanently settle all questions of
rank. He submitted to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, And to the House,
whether it would not be the better course to post-
pone this subject until the President shall iaav,e
replied to that resolution which had the unanimous
sanction of the House, and shall have given us the
light and benefit of his opinions. He was per-
fectly av/are that there, was constant quarreling'
among the officers on this subject of rank, and, if
'we meddle with it at all, it will be the best way to
settle it permanently, it is a question which has
hpen productive of continual discord in the service.
Its injurious effects are not confined to the army.
They extend themselves to the navy, producing
great inconvenience in that branch of the service.
Three officess may be put into a boat, and no.t one
of them be able to get out again if each adheres eo
his privilege of precedence. He gave the Secre-
tary of War entire credit for the best intentions in
endeavoring; to adjust this particular part of the
subject. But this was one of the very things in
contention between officers of the army, and there-
fore ousht not to be considered by itself, but m
connection with the general subject: for we ought-
to do nothing to embarrass the settlement of all the
questions which can, by possibility, arise in the
service, on the.subject of rank. And it was not
likely that the difficulty could be permanently set*
tied until the President of the United States shall
have communicated his yiews as to the most effect-
ual and desirable mode of adjustment.
Mr. CARTTER expressed the opinion-tliat the
subject had "better be passed over. There had
been a great deal of trouble about U. If he recol-
lected aright, there was no period during ihe
Mexican war, but some court-martial was con-
vened to s-t upon the question of military enqueue
between officers. There was more trouble in ad-
justing these matters among these officers than
there was in raising the volunteers and fighting the
war. The whole army and the whole campaign
were disgraced by difficulties on some miserable
point of military etiquette which courts-martial
were convened to settle. It was now proposed to
have the. rank of all these gentlemen fixed right in
one bill, so that these disgraceful scenes might
noi^our, in case we should be unfortunate enough
toW involved in another war. if they had hot
capacity enough in this House to fix a general sys-
tem of military etiquette in this matter of rank, he
Fuld propose to refer this matter to a committee
old maids, and let them settle it. He scouted
the question as one of such insignificance^as to be
unworthy the attention of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would like to call his
colleague to order. He would ask him if the army
had anything else to do in time of peace than to
attend to these questions of etiquette and'other
matters of equal importance?
Mr. SAVAGE and Mr. STANTON, of Ten-
nessee, simultaneously addressed the Speaker.
Mr. STANTON said he would move the pre-
vious question.
The floor was awarded to Mr. Savage.
Mr. SAVAGE (whose remarks were doubtfully
heard) was understood to say that the claim of
officers to rank must be predicated upon some law.
would be glad to be informed upon what law
this claim of rank was predicated. Now, prior
rank was recognized in some instances, but sure-
ly if gentlemen will examine the law they would
find that this was not one of the specified cases.
Mr. BURT (Mr. Savage yielding) would state
to the gentleman and to the House, that he made
it a rule never to move any proposition of this
kind connected with the organization of the army,
without being assured that it had the approval "of
the Secretary of War; which has usually the ap-
probation of the Adjutant General. He had in hi 
hand a minute and detailed report upon this sub-
ject from the Secretary of War. He had the letter
of that officer in his hand.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee stated
that a more minute examination of the military
law would peihaps result in the conclusion that he
(Mr. B.) was in en or about it. The gentleman
was a military man, he believed, and he asked, in-
quiringly to be sure, under what law or authority
this question arose. He had hoped that the hon-
orable gentleman had heard the remarks which he
had previously made. He had stated that tfeer
question arose under the 61st article of war. Un-'
der that article, which related to these prior com-
missions and to the rank under prior commission?,
every military gentleman knew that an -officer of
the line of the army w-ho had held a staff commis-
