1850.
TljjS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
days ago to lay upon the table the resolution of
ttie honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] in-
dicated anything else than the existence of sec-
tional feelingon the question of the Wilmot proviso.
Thus, it must be seen, that the accusation against
'the integrity and patriotism of those who represent
the freemen of the North and the West was as
unfounded as it toas uncalled for and unjust.
Mr. Chairman, does not the history of the last
Presidential campaign furnish grounds to imagine
that scarcely two years ago some ten or twenty
thousand of the chivalrous yeomany of the sunny
South might ha\e been seen eagerly pressing
around one of their favorite orators, as he pro-
claimed to them the glad tidings that a political
saviour had been found to relieve the South from
the thraldom of northern fanaticism?—that the
Constitution was safe, and the Union would be
preserved?—that he gave them joy ihat that can-
didate was General Taylor, a southern man with
southern Ceelings and southern principles? Elect
him and let Congress pass the W ilmot proviso in
a territorial bill, he will interpose his constitutional
veto, and preserve the rights of the South. Let
Congress pass a bill abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, his constitutional veto will pro-
tect you in your just rights. May we not sup-
pose him as adopting the favorite and familiar lan-
guage so often introduced in the resolutions of his
political party at the South?—"The candidate
whose claims I advocate is of us, is with us, is for
us. Elect him, preserve yourselves, your Consti-
tution, and your country from destruction." And
as his " words that burned and thoughts that
breathed" fell upon the ears of his too credulous
auditors, one long, loud shout of joy hurst from
their hearts. The day came, their votes were
cast, and General Taylor was elected President of
the United States. The first Congress under this,
new Administration had scarcely convened; parties
were balloting for a Speaker; the President's mes-
sage had not been sent in, not an intimation of his
policy had b^en given; the House unorganized,
not in a condition to legislate on the subject of
slavery, or on any other subject; and a southern
orator is seen rushing into the hall of national re-
presentation—
 "His <*ye, in a fine phren^y rolling,
Doth glance from heaven lo earth, trom earth to heaven,
And, as imagination bodies forth the forms of things
unknown,
His fancy turns them into shapes, and jives
To airy nothing a local habitation and a name;
Such tricks hath strong imagination."
Ay, sir, that same voice is heard litre, invoking
the spirit of discord to preside over your councils,
until he has some assurance for southern rights on
the subject of slavery, proclaiming disunion ! and
willing to dedicate himseli, body and soul, to the
accomplishment of this high and noble purpose.
Do southern Federalists forget Truman Smith's
Southern Life of General Taylor? Do southern
orators forget their solemn pledges to a confiding
constituency ? Do they forget that the redeemer
of the South from northern thraldom was elected,
has taken an oath to support the Constitution, and
even now sits at the other end of the aven.ue, in-
stalled President of the United States, dailv receiv-
ing aid and. comfort from that American Tallyrand,
the far-seeing prime minister Clayton? Or have
their fervent hopes "in this the winter of their
discontent" for political salvation from that quar-
ter, fallen at last into sullen despair ?
Mr. Chairman, it is not my design to enter into
an elaborate argument upon the vaiious thrilling
and important questions involved in the present
momentous issue before the country; it is simply
to state here what 1 believe to be the sentiments of
a vast majority of the people of Pennsylvania.
Sir, this war of the political elements may rage;
the tempest of civil discord may howl around and
within the Capitol; but there is no danger of the
destruction of the republic. The memorable de-
claration that " the Union must and shall be pre-
served;" is as true now as when it was utteied by
the illustrious Jackson. ...
The "old Keystone" of the federal arch is in
the right place, and the foundations of that arch are
laid firm end deep in the affections of the people.
The geographical position of Pennsylvania—the
mora? integiity anil proverbial patriotism of her
citizens, give her an influence between opposing
southern and northern extremities thatalways has
and always must be felt in promoting the general
welfare. She is emphatically the conservative
State of the Union. Receiving fewer benefits from,
and conferring more on the Confederacy than any
other State, her self-sacrificing motto has ever
been, "Union for the sake of the Union."
If she regards the Wilmot proviso as one of
the political humbugs of the day, she looks
upon southern nullification as another and a more
detestable one. If she considers northern fa-
naticism as a chimeia, she regards southern
fury as another and a greater one. Extremes are
always dangerous; and if ever the North and
South meet, it must be where alone there is safety
—in the moderation and patriotism of a middle
course. It need not be concealed, and it cannot
be denied that in Pennsylvania we, with a Una-
nimity unequalled on any other subject, regard
slavery as a national curse and a national disgrace.
Indeed, sir, this is the noble and triumphant senti-
ment of the age in which we live. We sympa-
thize in it with all our souls; and in doing so, wc
but keep time in the progressive march of the
mind, pressing onward and upward to the attain-
ment of the political and religious freedom of
every son of Adam. But we remember the Con-
stitution of our country, and we would not forfeit
our faith to the Union by altering or erasing one
jot or title of that sacred compact. We would
leave the question of slavery where the Constitu-
tion left it—with the people of the States in which
it exists. This was the solemn decision of the
Congress of the United States as early as the year
1790, when the Society for the Abolition of Sla-
very in Pennsylvania petitioned for action on the
subject. It was then resolved " that Congress
' have no authority to interfere in the emancipation
' of slaves, or with the treatment" of them in any
' of the States—it remaining with the several States
' alone to provide any regulations therein which
' humanity and true policy may require."
As to the absolute and unqualified rightof Con-
gress to legislate on the subject of slavery in the
Territories, we have not the shghest doubt. The
right is given in the clear terms of the Constitu-
tion itself—so amply and so often interpreted and
confirmed by a series of legislative precedents,
that it is a matter of astonishment that any jurist
could ever hesitate on the subject, or that even a
Virginia abstractionist could have raised a quibble.
But it does not necessarily follow that,because we
possess the right, we ought therefore to exercise
it. We may possess a right, and it may be inex-
pedient, unnecessary—nay, even unjust—to exer-
cise it. To say the least of it, it is not now ne-
cessary orexpedient,under existing circumstances,
to exercise our constitutional right, and legislate
on the subject of slavery in the territory now be-
longing to this government. The question is set-
tled in Texas; and should it ever again raise its
hydra head within that State, it must be in the ad-
justment of her boundary lines, which is clearly
a matter for judicial investigation and decision.
California has framed her constitution, and ex-
cluded slavery; that settles thequestion there—and
that California will ultimately be admitted into this
Union is a foregone conclusion. By the local laws
of Mexico, the Territory of New Mexico, what-
ever be her boundaries, is free. Slavery must ex-
ist by positive la'w, and therefore cannot exist in
New Mexico, until the will of the people abro-
gates the law as it stood at the time of the cession
of the Territory, under the Mexican treaty of
peace. The principle is a plain one. If the Can-
adas weie either ceded by treaty or annexed by an
act of Congress, they would come into the Union
as Free Soil. If, on the other hand, Cuba was
either ceded or annexed, she would come in as
slave territory. In one case, it would require a
positive law by the State itself to create the insti- !J
tution of slavery ; in the other, to inhibit or abolish j|
1 it. But should it ever become necessary to settle J
! this point, the proper tribunal for its adjudication J J
| and decision is one to which the whole country |
would cheerfully appeal—I mean the Supreme i
Court of the United States. j
These, Mr. Chairman, and fellow-represent- I
atives, are my views, and, in my humble judg- I
ment, the views of the people of Pennsylvania, !
briefly and, I trust, clearly, expressed on these
grave and momentous questions. With us the
preservation of the Union is a paramount consid-
eration. We cling to it as the sheet-anchor of all
our hopes. We venerate it as the ark of the cov-
enant of our national existence, and withered be
the hand that sacrilegiously touches it. Thisgreat
confederation of sister States cannot perish; it
must not be. Having many members, the Republic
has but one body. This nation has but one heart,
and every pulsation of that heart beats high and
strong for the Union. , Sir, cool, cunning, deliber-
ate calculations have been made in this Capitol, as "
well as elsewhere, of the value of this Union. I
will not stop to point out the miserable fallacy of
such calculations. My feelings revolt at the
mournful task.
Judas Iscariot sold his Lord and Master for
thirty pieces of silver. Conscience-stung, he flung
back at the feet of those who had bribed him the
glittering treasure, and hanged himself. His
bloated and disembowelled body fell a disgusting
spectacle to the earth, and his guilty spirit went
hissing to hell. That American citizen who could
betray his country and barter away the Union for
mere pecuniary considerations deserves no better
fate.
But, sir, I say again, this Union is safe. If the
President of the United States and Congress as-
sembled cannot preserve it, twenty millions of
freemen can and will; and wo be unto him who,
either North or South, raises the traitor cry of
disunion. An invisible but an electric chain of
national sympathy binds the people of this coun-
try indissolubly together in one common bond of
brotherhood. It is their pride and their glory
to be one. What, sir, dissolve this Union !—a
Union cemented by the highest and holiest associ-
ations of the past, the proud triumphs of the pres-
ent, and the glorious prospects of the future !
Never! Dissolve this Union ! God of my coun-
try, forbid it!
Mr. McLANAHAN having concluded—
Mr. BAY obtained the floor, but yielded to a
motion that the committee rise, which was agreed
to.
The committee then rose.
The Speaker's chair was occupied, pro tern., by
Mr. Winthrop.
The CHAIRMAN reported the progress of the
commmittee—
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule and appropriately referred:
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of Benjamin Wes-
ton, jr., and 08 others, citizens of Madison, in the county of
Somerset, and State of Maine, for chtap postage.
Also, the petition of John Pierce, jr., and 7;i other?, citi-
zens of Einbden and North Anson, at ttie State of Maine,
for the same.
Also, flie petition of John Knowhon and 58 otbers, citi-
zens of the State ot Maine, lor the same.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of a large number of
the citizens of Obion county, Tennessee, asking for a mail
route Horn Troy, Tennessee, to New Madtid.
By Mr. COBB, of Alabama: The petition of W. R. W.
Colib, of Alabama, praynia Congress to amend the law
granting pensions to the willows and orphans of the Mexican
war whose husbands* and fathers died of disease contracted
in the army affr being discharged, so as to embrace the
widows and orphans of the late war with Great Bntain, the
Florida and <'re<k Indian wars.
By Mr. SPR4UUE: The petition of Elijah Crane, and
other citizens o( Michigan, lor cheap postage.
Also, a petition trom a literary association of Centreville,
Michigan.
Al*o, the petition ofTra Bidwel! and many citizens, pray-
ing ihat Congress would take means to procuie a peace
congress of nations.
By Mr. MILLION: The petition of John Bates, asking
compensation toi his services as acting boatswain.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of Sherman Fieree, a sol-
dier ol the war of 181.% tor a pension.
By Mr. STANTON, ot Kentucky: The memorial of
Enoch Dobyn*, a blind soldier of the war of 1812, and a
large number of the citizens of Mason county, Kentucky,
piaying a pension may he granted said Dobyns for services
rendered the country in said war.
By Mr. HUNTER: The memorial and petition of George
R. Ufrtic k, a>king an appropriation of the amount of the
balance dun him lor services "in the business of reserva-
tions and gt ants under Indian treaties," under the act 01
May 9.1S38. . - - ~ ^
Hv Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petitions of A. Gore,
and 178 other*, citizens of Salintvilie and vicinity, Ohio,
f° AisofRiepemUm of William S. Miner and 48 citizens of
Moore's Salt Works, Ohio, lor the same. ^
Bv Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: Jtlie petuion of Robert
G. Shaw"and others, merchants of Boston, and of citizens ~
of Lynn, (or the erection of a light-house on Egg Rock,
ntBy Mr."CHANDLER: Tile petition of P. P. Myres and
557 other citizens anil seamen of Philadelphia, asking that
ihe senmen employed in the Gulf of Mexico m.iy be as welt
rewarded for their services as have been the soldiers of the
ar,B?Mr#NELSON: The petition of Thomas Harljcr and
120 other citizens ot Yonkers, West Chestei county, New
York, against the trartie in the public lands by the Govere-
ment, and praying that such land may be laid oft into farms
