ffeo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQJJE.
Feb. 19,
and lots, for the free use of such citizens as will occupy the
s&ih6 &c. '
By?Mr. SCHERMERFIORN: The petition of Captain
Thomas Duor, praying for the payment of money advanced
to the Government during the war with Great Britain.
Also, tJie petition of Hai twell Cai ver, praying for the con-
firmation of his title to a tract of land near the Falls of St.
Anthony, in the territory of Minnesota.
Also, three petitions of the citizens ofthe city of Rochester,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of J. J. Fargo and 29
others, citizens of Wyoming county, New York, praying
Congress to establish the rate of postage on prepaid letters
at two cents per half once.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING: The petition of Tra T. Hor-
ton for compensation for his time and expenses as a witness
before the United States Court in relation to a mutiny on
board the whale ship Meteor.'
J3y Mr. PHCENIX: The memorial and resolutions of the
American Institute of the city of New York, in favor of the
establishment of an Agricultural Bureau.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of citizens of New Lon-
don, Connecticut, for reduction of postage. "
Also, the petition of citizens of Windham,Connecticut,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Isaac Tolman
and thiity-five others, citizens of Matinicus Island, in the
State of Maine, praying that a mail icmte be established
from EastThomston, in said State, to  aid island.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 19, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication fioni the Department of State,
made in compliance with the resolution of the 11th
instant, calling for any papers in the Department
of State relative to the conduct of Darnel Cook,
master of the English barque Sarah, in saving the
passengers and crew of the American ship Caleb
Grimshaw, communicating all the papers on file
relative thereto; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CLARKE presented two petitions of citi
zens of Providence, Rhode Island, asking that
Congress will at its piesent session pass a law to
establish a uniform rate of postage, not to exceed
two cents on each prepaid letter of half an ounce
for all distances, and for other corresponding; re-
forms; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
- Also, a memorial, numerously signed, from citi-
zens living on the west side of Naragansett Bay,
asking that the collection districts of Rhode Island
may be so altered that all the counties of Kent and
Washington maybe put into the district of Provi-
dence; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON" presented two petitions,
signed by fifty-five citizens of Rochester, New
York, asking a reduction of the rates of postage
and the abolition of the franking privilege, and the
restoration of the former act allowing newspapers
to pass free within thiny miles of the place of their
publication.
Also, a petition from the principal and students
of the academy in Stephanton, New York, in favor
of cheap postage.
All of which petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH presented the memoiial of the
heirs of Daniel Francis, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to IbOO; which was refer-
red to the select committee.
Also, a petition from the heirs at law of Isaac
White, asking permission to locate a bounty land
warrant issued for his services as a soldier in the
last war with Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of citizens of
Boon county, Iowa,asking the establishment of a
military post at Lizzard Fork of the Des Moines
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, a petition from citizens of Iowa, asking
the construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean; which was leferred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, a petihon from the same source, asking a
grant of public land to the State of Iowa, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Dubuque to
Keokuk, in said State; which was refened to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted a letter addressed to
him by Hugh N. Smith, delegate from tiie Teni-
tory of New Mexico, accompanied by a copy of
the journal of the proceedings of the Convention
of that Territory, and a plan of government adopted
therefor; which was referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial of C.
Bradbury, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial of
officers, non-commissioned officers, privates, and
volunteers of the war of 1812, asking to be al-
lowed bounty land; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition from citi-
zens of Seneca county, New York, and a petition
from citizens of Cayuga county, New York, in
favor of the reduction of the rates of postage to
two cents on all prepaid letters of half an ounce;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
RIGHT OF PETITION.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have re-
ceived and been requested to present the petition
of George W. Rose, of New York, in which he,
states that he most respectfully prays your honor-
able body to impart to him, through the report of
a committee, what subjects or matters are clearly
within the power of petitioners to present to the
notice of Congress, as he is about to address a pe-
ti'ion to your honorable body on a subject which
may not come within the province of the Senate,
as a constituent part of the Natioral Legislature,
to act upon, and being unable to procure the ne-
cessary information as to his rights and privileges
as an American citizen, he submits his petition.
Without reading, I move that the petition be laid
upon the table.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I raise the ques-
tion of reception; for, as I understand it, this pe-
tition is disrespectful to the Seriate.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the petition be read.
The Secretary read the petition as follows:
To the Scri'dc oj the United State* :
The undersigned most re- jx'etl'ully doth pray your honor-
able body to impart to hnu. through report of a committee,
what subjects or malters are clearly wnhin the power of
petitioners to present to the notice of Congress, as he is
about to address a petition to your honorable body on a sub-
ject which may not coine will'nn the province ofthe Senate,
as a constituent part ofthe National Legislature, to act upon ;
and being unable to procure the necessaiy infoimation as to
his rights and privileges as an American citizen, humbly
submits this petition, and your petitioner, as in duty bound,
will eve! piny GE',0. W. ROSE.
Nrw York, Feb. 18, 1850.
The question was then taken on the reception of
the petition, and three Senators only voted in the
affirmative. The petition was therefore not re-
ceived.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. ICING. I have received a memorial, signed
by many citizens of Talladega county, in the State
of Alabama, in which they ask that Congress may
reduce the rates of postage. I believe this is the
first petition that I have received from that region
of country on this subject, and I am only surprised
in receiving this, as I am under the impression that
the reduction of the rates of postage has, in the
new States, deprived us of facilities which we
originally possessed. The population is so sparse
on many routes that low rates do not pay the ex-
penses incurred in carrying the mail. "VVe have
made frequent representations to the Department
on this subject,.but we are constantly met with
the declaration that they have not funds enough to
transport the mail to us over some of the more
expensive and most important routes. I move that
the memorial be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. The petition was so
referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the bill to revive a
portion of an act for the relief of widows of de-
ceased soldiers, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the motion to print the resolutions of '
the Legislature of Indiana in relation to the claim I
J of the representatives of Francis Vigo, reported in I
I favor of printing the same; which was con cur-
j red in.
j Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the memorial of Little
j & Brown, asking the patronage of Government to
the life and works of John Adams, second Presi-
dent of the United States, reported against printing
i the same; which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the report of the Sec-
retary of War, communicating Lieut. L.
Smith's report upon the improvement and drain-
age of the valley of Mexico, reported in favor
printing the report, with the same additional num-
ber as was ordered of the map of the same offi-
cer.
Mr. KING. I should like to know from my
friend from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] what object
is to be accomplished by the printing of that report
and map? I should like very much to know what
we have to do with the draining of the valley of
Mexico? What is to be accomplished by the
printing of these papers? Ate we to enter into a
scheme of drainage of the neighboring States?
Are we to give our laEor, our time,and our money
to drain any portion of the valley of Mexico? If
we are not, I should like _to know what object we
should accomplish, or what good we should do by
printing, at a considerable expense, documents
relating to a subject over which we have no con-
trol? I should like to hear from my friend what
he proposes to accomplish by it ?
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I will state
the views with which I have made this report.
During the recent occupation of the valley of
Mexico by our army, the officers of the topo-
graphical corps were directed to make a very care-
ful survey of that valley. They prepared, with
great labor, a very excellent map of the city and
valley of Mexi«o. This map was deemed to be
of sufficient value by the Senate to order its being
engraved and the printing of a large number of
copies. A call was made on the War Depart-
ment to furnish the report of Lieut. Smith, who in
part made that map. This report connects itself
with the map; and it is very necessary, in order
to render the information derived from the map
intelligible, or even the map itself intelligible, that
it should be printed and accompany the map.
Upon this ground it has been proposed to print a
small number of copies of this report. As to the
policy of the printing of matters connected with
other countries I have but little to say; that is a
matter for the action of the Senate. It cannot be
denied, however, that this report may be highly
useful as a matter of public information. Whether
we have at present any direct and immediate in-
terest in the topography of the valley of Mexico J
am not prepared to say; but I hope the time will
come, and I hope too that I shall live to see it,
when we shall have a great interest in the valley
of Mexico.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire of the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, if this report looks to the
reoccupation of the territory. [Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. I will state to the Senator
i from New Hampshire, that the committee did not
take that pointinto consideration. I have already
stated the grounds on which they made this report.
The views I suggested in relation to the future re-
occupation of Mexico, were my own,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I introduced the resolution
calling on the War Department for this report.
During the occupation of Mexico by the army of
the United States it was deemed wise to keep the
engineering corps engaged. When they had no
other work, in making explorations that would
contribute to science and to the knowledge of the
country, and not I presume with reference to any
reoccupation of the territory, they were contribu-
ting to the knowledge of the country or imparting
useful and valuable information, which, if unfor-
tunately we ever should have another collision
with that country, would be of immense value,
besides being a valuable contribution to geographi-
cal knowledge and science. With this view, ex-
plorations were made upon all the different line3
on which the army marched, and reports have
been made, and expensive maps have been ordered.
In this case a map has been ordered, which will
be very valuable, and very costly, and as 1 believe
a large portion of the expense has already been
incuned, the simple question is now whether the
report accompanying the map shall be printed also.
The cost of printing the report will be very little,
and yet it embodies all the information delineated,
in the map, and to publish the map at a vast ex-
pense and then suppress the report, which will
cost but a trifle, it strikes me would be rather
absurd.
