1486
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOffiESi,
July 81,
advantage that we possessed by reasoft Of prox-
imiiy, in any future war, would have* been lost.
But the situation of things is very different now.
By means of her canal connecting the lakes, and
her ship canal around the Falls of the St. Lawrence,
Great Britain has virtually annihilated this provis-
ion of the treaty, and as it now stands, it is dis-
advantageous to us, instead of being beneficial.
She can now, at a moment's warning, throw any
amount of her fleet upon the lakes, in the event
of a conflict. She is stronger than she was before
in that quarter.
I undertake to say, though I speak without-
specific knowledge on the subject, that there is no
section of this country where fortifications are
more required, than they are in that very lake
country.
The gentleman from Ohio, and some other gen-
tlemen, have condemned, in very severe terms, the
appropriations here proposed for, fortifications
They regard such an expenditure of money as
in the highest degree improper. We were asked,
where is the necessity for these appropriations in
a time of peace? The gentlemen who make these
remarks, forget the warning of the Father of his
Country, whose emphatic language was, that it
was in a time of peace that we ought to prepare
for war. Preparation ought not to be left for the
time when war is actually declared. I agree with
this sentiment fully. It is in a time of pence, em-
phatically, that we ought to prepare for war.
Mr GORMAN (the floor being temporarily
m yielded) remarked, that about one half of the ap-
propriations contained in this bill was to be ex-
pended in ornamenting the grounds, and in pre-
paring magnificent residences for the officers.
The gentleman would find, also, from the reports
of the engineer department, that a portion of the
money was to be applied to the erection of exterior
batteries.
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) The gentleman from
Indiana and myself are as far apart as the lakes
and the mouth of the Mississippi. I was speak-
ing of the fortifications upon the lakes; the gentle-
man refers to the fortification on the Missi^ppi
river.
Mr. GORMAN. Oh! no; 1 had in view the
■whole range of fortifications throughout the coun-
try.
Mr. BAYLY. I have as little interest in the
passage of this bill, apait from the general inter-
est that I feel for the welfare of the country, as
any member on this floor; 1 am as indifferent to
its fate as any one can be. I have no doubt there
is a considerable amount of money to be expended
in preparing quarters for the officers, and in beau-
tifying the fortifications. Sir, although I am an
economist, I am not prepared to say that every-
thing like taste ought to be disregarded; and I do
not mean to say, nor. do I believe that there is any
unnecessary expenditure or extravagance in this
respect; but at the point of the interruption by the
gentleman, I was about to say that our own expe-
rience at least teaches us that defensive works of
this kind ought to be erected in time of peace.
And we all know the benefits to be derived from
them in time of war.
We know how the country has suffered for the
want of them. It is in the recollection of all, that
when our system of fortifications was projected
eminent engineers were invited here from abroad
to take charge of the erection of our foitifications,
and to deiermine the localities most suitable for the
defence of the country. "T'he works have pro-
gressed until they have been nearly completed.
As our country extends itself, this system must be
exiended and enlarged; but so far as the older por-
tions of the country are concerned, the system of
fortifications has been nearly completed; and this
bill, sir, is comparatively a vprv small one. ItJ
proposes to appropriate only $739,000 for the for-
tifications of a nation equal, nay exceeding m
extent of territory, I believe, any nation on the
^ face of the earth; a nation of twenty millions of
people, inhabiting a country rich in all the resources
that serve to enrich a people, A population such
as this asks for the completion of their fortifica-
tions only the sum of $739,000, and gentleman say
this is extiavagant. I do not so esteem it; if I
did I should be as ready as any man to reduce the
appropriation. But the committee- has carefully
excluded from the bill everything which it was
thought the public service or the public defence
did not absolutely require.
The general debate hadnow terminated, and the
committee proceeded to vote on amendments, un-
der the rule allowing five minutes' explanation.
Mr. CARTTER withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL r/newed the amendment,
and said: The appropriations asked for by this
bill amount to $758-000. The report of the
engineer, upfifi which this demand is based, is so
general in its terms that no Representative can
form a sound judgment, either as to the reason-
ableness of the estimates, of the propriety of the
purposes to fahich they are to be applied. I
find, upon examination, that the Committee of
Ways and Means have reported, dollar for dollar,
the aWiount asked for by the engineer, and I desire
to know of the honorable chairman, if the items
of which these expenditures consist have under-
gone examination and met with the approval of
the committee > ,
Mr. BAYLY was understood to reply, that the
items were set forth in the report of the engineer,
and were as accessible to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as to any of the committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. If I understand the duties
of a Representative of the people, they cannot be
performed by accepting sttch estimates as conclu-
sive of the propriety of the expenditures. I take
the case of Fort Wayne, near Detroit, as an ex-
ample, as that is embraced by the amendment
immediately under consideration. The engineer
informs us that the fortification was finished last
yeai; that barracks for five companies have been
erected—the exterior nearly complete and a part of
the interior finished, two sets of quarters for offi-
cers finished, a third set roofed in, and foundations
laid for three more sets, and an hospilal. For all
this, in gross, he asks, for this year, §15,000.
Now, sir, I want to know if this $15 000 is suffi-
cient to complete the buildings; and if it is not,
how much more will be required ? How much of
this money is requisite to finish the barracks and
the unfinished quarters for officers, and how much
of the estimate is to be applied to the sets of quar-
ters and hospital whose foundations merely are
laid.
I now perceive that I call in vain on the honor-
able chairman for this information. Why is it
desired ? Because, sir, unless ihere be some press-
ing necessity, I shall not vote the money to build
the houses in Fort Wuyne, which have progressed
no further than the foundations. In a state of pro-
found peace, there ci n be no reason for five com-
panies to be stationed at Detroit. What do you
want with a battalion in a mile of the city of De-
troit' You are at peace with England, and the
only use of this fort is to protect your commercial
shipping on the lakes in time of war. As a fleet
might be placed on Lake Erie to harass your com-
merce, vessels would take shelter in the Lake St.
Clair, protected by the guns of Forts Wayne and
Gratiot, but both stations are utterly useless as de-
fences of the tine of the Detroit liver, and were
never designed for such purpose. In time of peace I
cannot fancy a necessity for more force there than
shall be sufficient to keep the works in good repair.
I shall not, in the existing condition of the finances
of this country, vote the public money to build
houses which may not be wanted for public use in
this century. Besides, what sort of quarters are
these for our officers, for which $15,000are required ?
In the West, arespectable citizen builds his house,
a comfortable two-story brick dwelling, for two or
three thousand dollars, and it arrests attention that
for the dwellings of the military gentlemen in a
garrison, such extravagant sums are callcd for.
When I finJ that the committee who has charge
of this subject have not looked into the details of
these estimates, I cannot consent to vote for the
expenditure. 1 am willing to abide the examination
made by our standing committees; and when they
report an appropriation bill, they are committed to
the propriety of all the items of the account, and
are to be undeistood as approving them. But
now, sir, when this responsibility appears to be
shifted, and I am left to act upon my own respon-
sibility upon the report of the Chief Engineer, I must
know more than has been brought to light in this
case. When I vote the expenditure, I approve it;
and when I approve it, I must know for what pur-
pose it is to be applied. As a fiiend of this Ad-
ministration, I will not vote it, for the people
of this country will hold to a serious accountability
the public agents who swell the annual expendi-
tures unreasonably. They oilght to do so. As
a friend of the army, I will not vote it, because
the War Department now requires about nine mil-
lions of dollars for military purposes, and the peo-
ple will grow restive under the maintenance of a
force which costs annually $1,000 per man.
The whole bill is subject to these remarks.
Look at Fort Adams, at Newport, Rhode Island,
as an instance: thirty-five thousand dollars are re-
quired. For what? The engineer says that $15,000
are required for a wharf for iron railing around a
parade ground, and for"some other little repairs."
I, for one, will not be content to vote away tha
public money upon any such information as this.
Look at Fort Monroe—eleven thousand dollars of
last year's appropriation are in hand, and yet
§20,000 more are asked, and not one word of expla-
nation given as to the objects to which it is to b8
applied. Sir, we have requisitions for appropria-
tions for more than fifty mtllionsof dollarsfor this
year, and yet not a dollar to the great river and
harbor improvements, so much required by the
wants of the commerce of the interior 1 Show me
what is required—absolutely required to complete
works begun. Show me what is wanted to protect
those points where your commerce centeis, and I
will vote the sum, if the purpose seems to be con-
sistent with enlightened economy; but I will re-
fuse my sanction to this bill until the expenditures
shall have undergone more critical examination.
(Here the hammer fell )
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SACICETT renewed the amendment. He
did this for the purpose of expressing his opposi-
tion to the principle adopted by the Committee of
Ways and Means in reporting this bill. We
have not fired a gun from our fortifications in near-
forty years, and there is no reason to suppose we
shall have occasion to fire one for years to come.
The circumstances of the country are such there is
no reason to apprehend that these works will be
required for actual service for a long time, and I
hope never. Under these circumstances, the
principle of expending large sums in the comple-
tion of these works appeared to him to be very
erroneous. There were demands on the Treasury
of a higlier character. He was willing to go to
any reasonable extent that might be required for
the purpose of preserving the public property from
decay; but he was not disposed to expend large
sums in completing works which may be unneces-
sary. There were works loudly called for by the
great commercial interests of ihe country, far more
important and more imperatively calling on us for
protection. He referred to the clearing and en-
larging of our rivers and harbors, and other objects
connected with the interests of commerce and
navigation. These subjects presented claims far
higher than the completion of these fortresses, not
their preservation from decay. He called the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to some of the appropriations contained
in this bill. There are three appropriations tor
the harbor of Boston, one for $10,000, one for
$30,000, and one for $5,000. Yet it is well known
that with common application of the skill and in-
dustry the physical force in and about that city,
the whole of the work necessary to put the fortifica-
tions in an efficient condition could be completed in
ninety days. This $45 000 could be laid out in a
much shorter time. It is appropriated for the differ-
ent works, and could be laid out in a few days m
case of emergency, at any time. Why, then, was it
considered necessary to appropriate $45,000 for this
object now. There was also another item. There
was an appropriation of $120,000 for the works
in and about the harbor of New York. The same
reason would apply to this appropriation. Ihe
physical strength always available in and about
New York, was sufficient to expend the sum here
proposed in a few days at any time, then where
was the necessity for this appropiation now. He
desired to call the attention of the committee to
these considerations. He repeated that he was
willing to vote anything which was necessary for
the preservation of the works which had been com-
menced, but he would not give his vote for so
large a sum to complete these works, now it is
altogether unnecessary.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER renewed the amendment.
With reference to what had been said by the Repre-
sentative of the Detroit district, [Mr. Buel,] about
the dead and the living, he remarked that he had
only to say, that the remarks of that gentleman
