THE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION. ~
31st Congress, 1st Session.
fmm the system. These works were in a great
decree useless. The Committee of Ways and
Means had taken the estimates of the engineers as
the ground of their report. It-had been said that
tiiey endorsed these estimates. It was not so.
Bat there was no other way of getting theestimates.
He was not convinced that there was any necessity
for these appropriations.
He withdrew the amendment. ■>
Mr. DOTY renewed the amendment, and asked
a vote.
The question was taken, and
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
On motion by Mr. HOLMES,
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made a repott.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. '
On motion, the House adjourned.
SATURDAY, AUGUST, 3, 1850.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and remonstrance were
presented, under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. DIXO.V : Tile petition of Jonathan Freeborn and
others, citizens o! Greenwich, in the Slate of Riio^e
Islinn), praying for a revision of ihn revenue laws.
ANo, the petition uf Snnori H. Green and others, citizens
of Wat wick, m the State of Rhode Inland, prayjng for an
alteration of the revenue taws of 1846.
B\ Mr. liROWK of Mississippi : The remonstrance of
W. D Maxwell and 105 others, citizens of tile district ol
iands mtijtct to sale at Washington,'Mi.- is-sippi, against
til* removal of the land office from Washington to Monti-
cello.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 31, 1850._
Mr- BRIGHT presented the memorial of Adam
Hays, a hospital surgeon during the late war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the proceedings of a
public meeting held at the city of Savannah, in
the State of Georgia, in favor of the Missouri
compromise as the basis for an adjustment of the
slavery question, and in opposition to the bill now
pending m the Senate for that object; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Martha
Jarnigan, asking compensation for certain proper-
ty stolen by the Indians during the recent hostili-
ties in Florida; which was referred to the Com-
■ mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
c:tizetis of Iowa, asking the establishment of a
maii-route from Manona to Union Prairie, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
NAVAL DEPOT AT NEW ORLEANS.
• Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I am requested
to present a memorial from the corporate authori-
ties of New Orleans, asking the establishment of
a naval depot at that place. A lot of land was
some time since purchased near New Orleans for
a naval def ot, but nothing more has been done in
the matter. The municipal authorities of that
place represent this state of things as injurious to
the commercial interests, as well as to the interests
of the Government in that quarter. A naVal sta-
tion and dej. ot there would be greatly advanta-
geous to the Uovernment. They represent, also,
that a naval or revenuc-service force is necessary
there for both the business of the piace and the
interest of the Government. 1 believe that, so far
as economy is concerned, this is a great mistake.
I believe that there is not a single revenue cutter
at that port, and none from Florida to the western
coast of Texas. It is certainly of essential im-
portance to the interests of the Government, as
well as to the interests of commerce, that there
shouid be'some force there, either naval or of the
Revenue service. I wish to attract the attention of
the Cotnmitee on Naval Affairs to the main ques-
tion involved in the resolutions.
It is astonishing to m« why, at one of the great-
94
est marts for provisions in the world—New Or-
leans—where ,a'!most the whole world buy their
provisions, where ^they buy their supplies for the
armies and navies of Europe, and where all our
supplies for the Mexican war were furnished to
onr army, and where everybody else buys their
provisions, the United States have not a navy
dep6t. I understand that there is-not even a navy
agent there. The office has been, ] believe, abol-
ished, and they consider it of so Utile consequence,
that they have n<"> establishment there whatever
connected with the navy of the United Statis.
This matter is important to the Government of the
United States in many points of view. During
the late war, there was frequent difficulty in re-
cruiting for the navy. In consequence of the vast
commerce of the place, and the number of sailors
out of employment there at certain seasons, re-
cruits might readily be obtained. There being- no
naval station, there were no means of transhinping
them; and there were not even supplies of coal
there for the. Government naval steamers, and
they won'd have been totally without fuel, if they
had not ho  rowed 1*t from the quartermaster's de-
nartmentof the 8rmy; and this in a position where
coal and other supplies could be obtain^ more ad-
yantageously, and perhaps cheaper than at any
other port in the United States. It is strange that
all this should be entirely laid out of view, and
even the navy agency abolished there, and the
Government apparently disconnected with that po-
sition pointed out bv nature as the one of all
others best calculated for an establishment of this
kind. I hope that the committee will take up the
subject seriously, and that something- will be done
to remedy the evil.
The resolwtions were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
WIDOWS7 PENSIONS.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred a joint resolution which
parsed the Hnuseof Representatives 28?h March,
1850, entitled "A joint resolution explaining the
acts of the 17th July, 1838, and March 3. 1843,
and June 7, 1844," reported the same with an
amendment, to wit, in the third line, after the word
assembled, to insert:
" That if any person who served in the war of the Revo-
lution. in rtif manner specified in the not pa=srd the 7th dav
of June, 1832, entitled "An net supplementary to act
for the relief of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the
Revolution," have died, leaving a widow ivho?e marriage
took place prior to the first dnv of J.umnrv, 1794, such widow
shall he entitled to receive. dmms her life, =ueh annuity or
pension as might have been allowed to her husband, in vir-
tue of paid act of the 7th .lime, 1832, if livins at the time
of if pa«?a<re : ProviJril. The vvidnn'survived the passage
of the aforesaid act of 7th June, 1832."
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the committee
to ask the immediate consideration of the bill as
amended.
The bill was taken ur>.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I cap explain the
object of the amendment in two minhtes. The
construction put uoon the existing: acts by the
Commissioner of Pension, is, that if the wirtow
was not a widow at the time of the passage of the
act, she is not entitled to jhe benefit of it, even
though her husband died the day after the passage
of the act. By the act of 1838, the benefits of
certain pension acts are extended to widows in
certain cases, and the quantity they are to receive
is to be regulated by the act of 1832. The amend-
ment of the Senate simply confers the benefit of
that act on widows that were alive at the passage
of the act of 1832, whether their husbands were
.then living or not. It is necessary to have an ex-
planatory act passed, in order that the operation of,
the pension lafrs shall go on as it was intended to
do.
Mr. DAWSON". I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire whether there has been
j any doubt about the construction of the act of
1832 till lately, and what particular case has occa-
sioned the investigation and the new construction
of the act.
Mr. HALE. I cannot say what particular cases
have arisen. I know that this is the construction
Ne>v Sdries.....No. 94'
put upon-it by the Commissioner of Pensions, and
in the opinion of the Committee on Pensions, bx>th._
of the Senate and of the House, the Comm'issionfer
is wrong in his construction. We have no right
to pass a law declaring that his construction is
wrong; and the only way, therefore, fs to pass a
joint resolution declaratory of what the intention
of the law is. In regard to the second question,
whether there have been any particular cases in
which this point has arisen, I will answer that i
have not heard of any, und I have not a"ny in my
eye or in my mind. But I understand that this is
the general construction which ha3 been put on
the law by the Commissioner, and in the opinion
of the committee of both Houses, it is a wrong one.
Mr. DAWSON. My objection is, thatj after
twenty years'construction of a statute in a par-
ticular way, it is improper to change it by a reso-
lution. _ ' -
Mr. HALE. Twenty years 1 Oh, no; the first
act was not passed till 1838.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I should lilte to know
the amount of appropriation which will be neces-
sary to be made under the new construction of the
law prpposed in the amendment. It requires in-
vestigation. I really am noj sufficiently acquainted
with the pension laws to say what will be the effect
of the amendment. I cannot tell the extent to
which it will involve the Government in the pay-
ment of pensions which have not been heretofore '
considered due by the Government. -I would ask
that the subject be laid over, and I will look into
the pension laws and find out what the effec^of
the amendment wiU be.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed till to-morrow, and the report of the
committee and the amendment were ordered to be
printed.
ANNUAL REPORT ON COMMERCE. £-
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
Senate bill to provide for the printing of the annual
report upon commerce and navigation, reported
that the Senate disagree to the amendment of the
House.
1 will simply state (said the honorable gentle-
man) that this is a bill which passed the Senate,
directing; that 20.000 copies of the annual report
on commerce and navigation shall be printed on or
before the 1st of January in each year. To this
the House agreed, with an amendment, by which
they direct that the same number of the annual
report on finance shall be published and delivered
at the same time. Well, sir, this I believe the
committee thought quite desirable, but, upon dppli-
cation^to the department,whether it would meet
with their convenience, and whether they could
accomplish the object designed to be provided for,
we were told that it could not be accomplished if
the * bill passed, as it would be impossible to fur-
nish the number of copies so early as the 1st of
January. Under these circumstances, the depart-
ment, not seeming very desirous that it should be
adopted at all, the committee recommend that the
Senate disagree to the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
concurred in the report of the committee, disagree;
ing to the amendment made by the House.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to amend the
act entitled " An act to amend in the cases therein
mentioned the act to regulate the duties on imports
and tonnage," reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
• Mr. JOiNES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of William
Miller to be allowed a pension, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
*a bill for his relief, which was read and ordered to*
a second reading
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TURKEY submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
