1850.
ffi® GOMtlK'ESSl'ONAjL GLOBE.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Isaac C. Bronsori and
22 others, of Warsaw, New York, for the reduction of post-
age on prepaid letters to two cents per half ounce.
Also, the like petition ot'Hinman Walden and 60 others,
ofBatavia, New York—an} of Isaac W.Srnith and 8others,
merchants of Arcade, New York; and of Augustus Frank,
jr., and 22 others, of Warsaw, New Yoik.
By Mr. CHANDLER : Permission was granted to with-
draw from the files the memorial and papers of John E.
Bispharn, that they might be referred to the Committee on tfie
Judiciary.
Also, the memorial of Caleb J. Good, executor of Lieut
John E. Bispharn, late of the U. S. Navy.
By Mr. POTTER?: The petition of William McClure and
other citizens of Putnam county, Ohio, for an appropriation
of public lands, for the purpose of constructing a plank
road.
Also, the petition of Collins, Brown & Co., for cheap
postage.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of William S. Peavey
and forty-seven others, citizens of the towns of Trescott
and Whiting, Washington county > Maine, praying Congress
to grant an appropriation for the removal of certain obstruc-
tions in the tide waters of Cobscook bay and near Falls Is-
land.    
IN SENATE,
"Wednesday, February 20, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of the
Interior,made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 18th instant, calling for the amount of
pftblic money expended in the construction of har-
bors, building of lighthouses, &c., within the pres-
ent limits of the Milwaukee land district, stating
that the subjects embraced in the resolution per-
tained to the Treasury and War Departments, and
the Secretary of the Interior is, therefore, unable
to comply wilh the instructions of the Senate. The
communication was ordered to lie on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
' Mr. SEWARD presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of New York urging the passage of a
law providing for the removal of obstructions in
the East River, which he desired might be read.
The resolutions were accordingly read, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed. .
Also, documents relating to the claim of Daniel
D. T. Benedict, to pay and allowances as a soldier
in'the army for the full period of his enlistment;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of John P.
Andrews, asking the adoption of measures for the
settlement of international difficulties by arbitra-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations,
Also, a petition signed by upwards of one hun-
dred persons, citizens of Jefferson "county, New
York, asking that the rates of postage on letters
may be reduced to two cents on the half ounce, and
newspapers to one cent, for all distances; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
citizens of Union, Boone county, New York, ask-
ing that the rates of postage may be reduced to
two cents the half ounce on all prepaid letters;
which was leferred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Titian R. Peale, asking compensation for his ser-
vices as a member of the scientific corps attached
to the Exploring Expedition; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr cooper presented the petition of Cham-
bers C Mullin, a volunteer in the late war with
Mexico, praying to be allowed an increase of pen-
sion, which was referred to the Committee on
J^en sions
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of members
of the bai at Steubenville, Ohio, for a reduction of
the rates of postage. ,. ,
Also, a petition of citizens of Highland county,
Ohio, for a reduction of the rates of postage.
Also, a petition of citizens of Greenfield, Ohio,
askine for a reduction of the rates of postage, and
the abolition of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post R/O&ds. . . a, tt
Mr BELL presented the memorial of Henry
R Schoolcraft, asking the payment of a balance
due him on a settlement of his accounts as Indian
agent; which was referred to the Committee on
^Mr" PRATT presented the memorial of the
heirs at law of Archibald Stewart, and the memo-
rW of J Falconer, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which were referred to the
select committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of Wrn. W. Chapman, asking to be in-
demnified against loss of the amount of a forged
Treasury note which he received with other public
moneys while acting as an assistant quartermas-
ter in the army, m the late war in Mexico;
which was referred to the Committeee of Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of James Higginbotham, asking permission to
correct an error in the entry of certain bounty
land warrants; which was referred#) the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Iowa, asking a
grant of land for the use of the branch of the State
University of Iowa; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of the teachers
and scholars of the Romeo branch of the Univer-
sity of Michigan, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the claim of Elisha Hampton and others, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred so
much of the President's Message as relates to mil-
itary affairs, reported a bill to increase the rank
and file of the army, and to encourage enlistments;
' which was read and passed to a second reading.
! Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on Patents,
I to which was referred the petition of Peter U. Mor-
gan, administrator of John Arnold and Geo. G.
Bishop, made an adverse report on the same;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of
John Baptist Valle, submitted an adverse report
on the same, which was ordered to be printed.
THE STEAMSHIP UNITED STATES.
Mr. KING asked the indulgence of the Senate,
i if there was no other morning business, to take
up the bill for the relief of Conrad W. Faber, Le-
: opold Bierwirth, and Theodore Victor.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and it was con^ered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. KING remarked that the bill is simply to
cancel the bonds of a surety, which, in case they
were properly taken, cease to have any effect now.
A short debate ensued, in which Messrs. BELL,
KING, FOOTE, DAVIS, of Mississippi, and
SEWARD participated when,
The bill was reported to the Senate, was ordered
to be engrossed to a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
THE SURETIES OF SAMUEL SWARTWOUT.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
M. M. Q.uackenboss, reported a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to make an arrange-
ment or compromise with Mangle M. ttuacken-
boss and his coobligors, or any of them, for claims
or bonds given by them as sureties to the United
States. .
The bill was read a first time by its title.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am instructed to ask
that this bill may be considered now. Eight fa-
! yorable reports have been made upon it by the
j Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and
several times a bill has passed the Senate, but
' failed in the House, owing to the lateness of the
period at which it reached there The Committee
| on the Judiciary is satisfied that the interests of
I the Government require the passage of this bill,
i and that no good reason can be given for contmu-
! ing the liabilities of the sureties.
After a few words by Messrs. BLHKlklN,
KING, BRADBURY, WHlTCOMB BUT-
LER, HALE, DICKINSON, and TURNEY,
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
question was stated to be on oidering it to be en-
grossed for a third reading
Mr. WHlTCOMB called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and being taken, resulted;
YEAS Messrs. Badg°r, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
Cha^e, Clarke, Corwin, Davis, of Massachusetts, Dawson,
r>iekinson, Doctae of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Greene,
Jones, Mangum, Miller, Moitou, Norris, Kusk, Seward,
Smith, SouliS, Spruance, and Sturgeon—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison,' Borland, Bright, Cass, Clay,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Felcli, Hamlin,
Hunter, King, Pratt, Sebasfcain, Turhey, and Whiteomb—16;
The bill was then read a third time and passed<
ADMISSION OF LABIES.
Mr FOOTE. As there is nothing now Before
the Senate, I beg leave to announce that I feel it
to be my duty to move that, before proceeding to
the orders of the day, the ladies be allowed to take
seats on the floor of the Senate. I am sure there
will be no opposition to it, as the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland is fortunately absent.
The motion was agreed to, and many ladiei
were introduced to the privileged seats.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Sehale proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the motion to refer the
President's Message transmitting the constitution
of California.
Mr. CLEMENS. The motion of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and the first of the
series of resolutions presented not long since by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] are in sub-
stance the same. I shall consider and treat them
as identical. They seem to be so regarded by the
Senator from Kentucky himself, though his
speech at one time certainly left a different im-
pression on my mind. I suppose I did not under-
stand him rightly. Be that, however, as it may,
there is now entire concord of opinion and action
between himself and the Senator from Missouri.
A concord which is by no means the least signifi-
cant of the portents by which we are surrounded.
I have read indeed that a time was coming when
the lion and the lamb should lie down together, but
I did not expect to witness anything approaching
that happy state in my day. All incredulity, how-
ever, is now at an end, and I am prepared to be-
lieve in any miracle, and treat with grave consid-
eration any prophecy. When Thomas H.Ben-
ton and Henry Clay, " the great expunger" and
" the great embodiment," are found holding sweet
converse with each oth r, forgetting the animosi-
ties of thirty years, and lovingly pulling side by
side in the same team, there can be nothing so
wild and fanciful as to defy belief. We live, Mr.
President, in strange times, and strange scenes are
being enacted around us. It is related ofthecelebra-
ted Simon de Montfort that when he surveyed the
host of Edward on the field of Evesham, he mur-
mured, " Now, God have mercy on our souls, for
our bodies are Prince Edward's." If it was in my
nature to despair of a good cause, I should have
been impressed with something like the same feel-
ing when the Senator from Michigan, a short time
since, concluded his memorable speech on the con-
stitutional power of Congress to enact the Wilmot
proviso. When even he, with bis clear convic-
tions of duty, with his deep love for the Constitu-
tion, and his great readiness to make sacrifices
in its defence, dared not go beyond the as-
sertion of general principles wholly inadequate to
the protection of the South, the most -sanguine
might well be excused for yielding to desponden-
cy. I know that m the opinion of some of our
friends the course he pursued was wisest and best,
but when that is conceded it only proves the mag-
nitude of the present danger, and the fearful na-
ture of that destructive element with which he is
compelled to deal so tenderly. If anything were
wanting to add to the alarm which such a speech,
under such circumstances, was so well calculated
to excite, it has been supplied by the Senator from
Kentucky. After all the reflection which he has
been able to bestow upon the subject, aided by the
resources of his long experience, and his great
familiarity with difficult questions in trying times,
he has been able to suggest no remedy which does
not recognize the right of aggression on the one
side, and demand unconditional submission on the
other. He has submitted for our consideration a
series of resolutions dignified with the name of a
compromise, but which, like most other c?mP™"
mises between the weak and the strong, is little
better than a cloak to hide from the public gaze a
hideous wrong. It is not my purpose now to
enter into any general examination of those reso-
lutions. I shall refer to one of them, and one only.
Of that one I desire to speak uninfluenced by pre-
judice against, or partiality for, the author. I have
been all my life carrying on a warfare against his
political measures, and I do not think it would be
altogether in good taste for me to indulge m ex-
