1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Retained, Ttiat the President of the Seriate appoint a
police officer to attend to the Senate and that portion ot
the building In iH~bceupaney, to perform such duties as he
shall direct; and that he receive for his services the same
amount of compensation as is allowed and paid the princi-
pal police or the Capitol.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Bosk on the 26th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to Airni*h the
Senate with the following infbrmatioif, to wit: Li-tof ves-
sels, and the tonnage of the s.ame, entered at tile district or
firasos St. Ja*o since its establishment by the act ot Con-
gress; value of imports, American manufactures and pro-
ductions, foreign goods,' duties paid, and goods bonded,
specifying the quarterly statements of each of the said items;
the quantity of freights shipped, and value thereof, to the
Brasos SuJago and mouth of the Rio Grande, each respect-
ively, for 'the public service since the termination of the
war vtfith Mexico; how transported or conveycd from thenee
to the several military posts on the Rio Grande and near it,
and the cost of such transportation or eoiivetapee to the
Government to the several military posts referred to; list
and tonnage of the steamboats registered and navigating the
Rio Grande.
I BILT.S FROM THE HOUSE.
The following bills fro'm the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time by their
titles-, and referred to the Committee on Finance;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1851; and
An act making appropriation for the paymentof
revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States, for the year ending June 30, 1851.
DRAWBACK ON EXPORTS.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 115, being the
bill amendatory of the act entitled "An act allow-
ing drawback on foreign merchandise exported
in the original packages to Chihuahua and Santa
Fe, in New Mexico, and to the North American
provinces adjoining the United States^" approved
March 3,1845, and for other purposes.
Mr. PHELPS offered an amendment, to be
added to the first section of the bill, which was
adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit another amendment,
to come in at the close of the bill. The object of
this amendment is to extend the provisions of the
]aw£|pelattng to drawbacks to cases arising under
this act. It is a matter of some doubt whether,
as the bill now stands, the penalties prescribed by
previous laws would attach to the cases provided
for V>y this act. It is to remove that doubt, that 1
propose this amendment.
The amendment was read ;;nd adopted.
There being no further proposition to amend,
the bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SOULE. 1 move that the bill be laid upon
the table. There are many matters of vast im-
portance m that bill which will require thorough
investigation. -It would be impossible to do justice
to the merits of it, if we atiempt to pass it to-day.
The bill was then laid upon the table.
PENSION LAWS.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 92, being the
bill for the further relief of John Mitchell.
The blank in the bill was filled up with twenty,
as the number of dollars per month to be paid.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
the amendment having been concurred in, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 137, being the
bill to regulate the pensions of officers, soldiers,
seamen, and marines, who have been or may here-
after be disabled while in the service of the United
States.
Mr. HUNTER said that, as it'was an important
bill and required consideration, it had better go over
till to-morrow.
The further consideration was then postponed
until to-morrow.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into,
the Union, to establish Territorial Governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
The pending question was the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Norris]
to stnke out of the tenth section the words " nor
establishing nor prohibiting African slavery."
A debate ensued, m which Messrs. DAVIS, of
Mississippi;BALE* WIN, £WING,anci MASON
took part.
The question was then taken, and the result
was:
YEAS— Mes?r«, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Bright,
Cas-=, Chnse, Clarke, Clav, Cooper, Dayton, Dickinson,
J)odge of Iowa, Dou^lta, Feich, Greene, Harnlin, Jones,
Mangutn, Miller, Norri«, PfteiV)*:, Praft, S*-w<tnl, Shields,
Smith. S|)ruane«, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wale^3
and Winlhrop—32.
NAFS— Messrs. Atchison, BarnweH, Benton, Semen,
Butler, D-w«s of Mis?-Ksippi, Hawson, Downs, Ewmg,
Hunter. King, Mason. Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Soul6, Tur-
ney; Whitcomb, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER- then ^renewed his motion to
strike out all after the fourth section of the bill, so
as to limit it exclusively to the admission of Cali-
fornia, and on this he called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. PEAROE moved t« amend the amendment
by striking out from the 22d to the 39th sections
inclusive.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to strike
out all that which relates to New Mexico.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; and I may/as well
state my reasons for it now. #
Debate ensued, in which Messrs. PEARCE and
CLAY took part.
Mr. PEARCE, in explanation of his amend-
ment, reminded the Senate, that, on the motion of
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Da\vson,] the
amendment of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Brad-
bury] wasamended so as to provide that until such
time as the boundary line between the State of
Texas and the territory of the United Staffs he
agreed to by the Legislature of the State of Texas
and the Government of the United States, the ter-
ritorial government authorized by this act shall
not go into operation east of the Rio Grande, nor
shall any State be established for New Mexico
embracing any territory east of the Rio Grande.
From this he foresaw a consequence which he was
not willing: to sanction. Already indications were
visible. It had already been claimed that this was
an abandonment to Texas of all the country east
of the Rio Grande, and knowing as he did how
the slightest acquiescence would be used to sustain
the title of Texas, he was unwilling to give any
sanction to an amendment that might be so con-
strued. But in addition to this, he did not see the
necessity of providing a government for a small
portion of New Mexico, and -leave the most im-
portant part without any government, or subject
to military domination. He did not desire to pre-
vent the organization of the Territory of New
Mexico, and, if he succeeded in this motion, he
intended to move to insert the provisions of the
bill which were stricken out yesterday, and in lieu
of the amendment of the Senator from Georgia, i
offer another. , '
Mr CLAY viewed this as an attempt to destroy !
one of the most valuable features of the bill—the j
adjustment of the troublesome boundary question, i
He regretted it the more, inasmuch as amendments !
were contemplated to suspend the operation of :
the territorial provision on both sides of the river i
until the 1st of April, though in its present shape
he did not think it was liable to the objections
which had been urged against it.
After a brief discussion between several Sena-
tors—-
Mr. PEARCE modified his motion so that it
proposed to stiike out all of the bill relating to
New ^Mexico as amended, and then to reinsert
those provisions, with the exception of that por-
tion which was inserted yesterday on the motion
of Mr. Dawson, and to substitute in lieu thereof
the words—
"The territorial government of New Mexico, authorized
1851*" ael5s'lailn0l°° into 0perat'0n until the 4th of March,
The debate was continued by Mr. RUSK and
others.
On the motion of Mr. NORRIS, the amend-
ment, whirth at his instance had been made in the
tenth section, was extended to the 23d, so as to
strikeout the words, " nor establishing nor pro-
hibiting African slavery.*1 „ °
The debate was further continued bv Messrs.
SHI ELDS, DAWSON, YULEE, BENTON, and
HOUSTON.
Mr. PEARCE further modified his motion, so
as to strike out only, and it was agreed to: Yeas
33, nays 22.
Mr. PEARCE^hen moved to insert except as
before specified, for which he offered his substitute.
Mr. DOUGLAS* moved to amend the amend-
ment by striding out the words proposed to be
substituted for Mr. Dawson's amendment, and in-
serting the following:
" Provided, That said commissioners shall reporyhe-re-
snlt of their proceeding? to the Legislature of Texas and u>
Congress, by the 15th d y ot December next, and that so
much of thi  act as provides for a territorial- government in
New Mexico, i-hali not take effect without further action of
Congress, unless the boundary of Texas shall have been
adjusted, and m ihe mean time the rights of both parlies m
tlw territory in dispute shall remain unaffected and umnj-
paited by anything in this act contained."
Mr. HALE moved the indefinite postponement
of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to: Yeas27, nays 3*2.
After some remaiks by Messrs. UNDER-
WOOD and YULEE, the amendment to the
amendment was rejected: Yeas 24, npys 33.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the provision that the
territorial government shall not go into operation
until the 4th of Mar<?h, 1851
Mr. TURNEY renewed the motion to postpone
indefinitely, but it was rejected: Yeas 29, nays 3ft.
Debate was continued by Mr. ATCHISON,
(who was pleased only with the one feature o( the
bill which proposed the establishment of a terri-
torial government for Utah,)4Mr. YULEE, Mr.
PEARCE, Mr. BERRIEN, Mr. DOWNS, and
then the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; Yeas 25, nays 32.
Mr. YULEE moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Pearce, by striking out from the sections
proposed to be reinserted those .which relate to
Texas.
Mr. UNDERWOOD thought the Senate was
not in a condition to legislate, and hence he moved
an adjournment.
The motion was rejected: Yeas 22, nays 29.
That portion of the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland, which related to Texas, having
been stricken out, the question recurred on the
sections proposed to be inserted which relate to
New Mexico.
The amendment was rejected: Yeas 25, nays 28.
So that the motion to insert that part of the bill
which relates to New Mexico was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Walker's
motion to strike out%rom the bill everything ex-
cept those sections which relate to California.
After some discussion, m which Mr. FOOTE,
Mr. RUSK, Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi, Mr.
DOUGLAS, and Mr. BUTLER took part, an
amendment was rejected, which was proposed by
Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi, to fix the boundaries
of Utah: Yeas 22, nays 34.
Mr. DAWSON renewed the motion to adjourn,
which was rejected: Yeas 16, nays 38.
" The question was then taken upon Mr. Walk-
er's motion to strike out all except the provisions
relating to California, and it was rejected—yeas
21, nays 33.
Mr. ATCHISON moved .to strike otit all those
sections which related to California.
After-eome remarks by Mr. FOOTE—
Mr. PHELPS moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill. x
The question was discussed by Messrs. BRAD-
BURY, PHELPS, ATCHISON, FOOTE, and
HALE.
The motion of Mr. Atchison was then rejected
—yeas 29, nays 29.
Mr. PRATT moved an adjournment; which
was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS proposed an amendment, to
define the boundaries of Utah, a part of which was
designed to make the 38ih parallel of north latitude
the southern boundary.
Mr. SEBASTIAN proposed as an amendment
36° 30', which was rejected—yeas 23, nays 27.
Explanations having been made by Messrs.
DOUGLAS, and DAVIS of Mississippi—
Mr. BADGER proposed the parallel of 37° as
a substitute, which was accepted by Mr. Douglas,
but afterwards withdrawn to enable
Mr. W1NTHROP to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the Senate refused to strike
out the sections relating to California.
Mr. MASON moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill', but he and Mr. WINTHROP
both withdrew their motions to enable
Mr. BERRIEN to move to amend the bill by
