1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sovereignty, and prescribe such limits as cupidity
or taste may dictate.
The Senator from Kentucky has alluded to the
State of Michigan as an exception to the general
practice which, he admits, has heretofore pre-
vailed. He assumes that California has-stronger
claims than Michigan had., and seeks to justify
his own change of position partly on that ground.
Even if there were just grounds for the application
of the precedent, it would only prove a former
error, not a present right. If there had been, in
the case of Michigan, a" departure from the great
rule of equality; if there had been a violation of
the spirit of the Constitution in assigning her a
place to which she was notentitled by"established
usage, it would still be our duty to limit the
wrong to the single case, which is nosv.beyond
our control, rather than extend it to all the Terri-
tories of the Republic, and bestow upon it, by
solemn legislative sanction, a perpetual existence.
But what are the facts ? Michigan underwent a
longer territorial pupilage than any other State in
this Union. One of her present Senators was for
eighteen years her Territorial Governor. She
was rejected year after year, notwithstanding a
section of the celebrated ordinance of 1787 which
cltarly entitled her to a place in our sisterhood of
Slates. I will read it:
" Provided, however, and it is further understood and de-
clared, That the boundaries of these three States shall he
sul-jfct so tar to be altered, that, it Congress *hall hereafter
find is expedient, they shall have authority lo lorm one or
two in that parr ol the said Tertitory which lies, north
of an east and wcm line diawn tlrouyh ihe southeily bend
or extreme of Lake Michigan. And whenever any of ihe
s«iid Suites shall have bixty thousand free mliuluuute there-
in, such State shall be admitted, by in rieleg,ite>, into the
Congress of the United States,on an equal looting with the
onginal States, in all re-pects whatever, and shall bf- at lib-
erty to form a permanent constitution ami State Govern-
ment: provided ihe constitution ai.d Government, bo to be
f'< rmed, •shall he republican, and in eouloinniy to ihe ptiu-
ciples contained in tin-so articles : and s-ofar as c,m be con-
sistent with the geneial interest of the Confederacy, such
admission shall be allowed at an earlier penod, and when
there may be a less number of Jree inhabitants in the Slate
than &ixty thousand  
By virtue of this ordinance Michigan claimed
admittance when she had a population of 60,000
free inhabitants. She was rejected m consequence
of a dispute about her southern boundary, and did
not obtain admittance until she had doubled the
required population. It is difficult to conceive
how any ingenuity can torture the case of Michi-
gan into a precedent to justify the strange and
unheard-of enormities which have recently beyi
enacted in California. The cases are as widely
dissimilar as sunlight and darkness. In California
no census has been taken; there is 110 law fixing
her boundaries; no law rfguiating the time, places,
and manner of holding elections; no law to deter-
mine the qualifications of voters, no evidence, and
no reason to believe, that she contains a free popu-
lation equal to the present ratio of lepreseniation.
A militaiy governor, acting under the orders of
the President, usurped the power of Congress, di-
rected the mrde or manner of proceeding, substi-
tuted Ins will for law, and conducted to its final
consummation a drama of fraud ar.d trickery un-
paralleled in the annals of any land. In other limes
the actors in these lawless scenes would have been
held to a fearful reckoning, but the strength ot
party ties and the usual shrinking ot ordinary
mmds from the face of great dangers has not only
dissipated the sense of accountability, but left it'a
matter of doubt whether the Congress ot the
United States will not assume the act, and throw
around its own shouldeis a mantle more deadly
than the poisoned shirt of Nessus. Instead of
vindicating the majesty of the law, and trampling
down a dangerous usurpation, we are gravely de-
liberating whether temporary quiet may not be
purchased by unmanly acquiescence. 1 say tem-
poiary quiet, because all expeuence has demon-
stiated that no weak expedient ever sufficed to
cure a seiious evil. In political as in phjsical
illness the cause must be removed before the dis-
ease can be eradicated. The admission of Cali-
fornia will do nothing towards arresting the cui rent
of abolition aggressions. It will be regarded every
wheie as an anti-slavery triumph; as one nioie
.outwork carried, from the shelter of which the
assail ill"- party may the mote effectually annoy
" the ass.siled. Yet the Senator from
Kentucky says that we yield nothing by assent-
ing to it. I quote the Senator's own language :
« Well now, is there any concession in this resolution by
either par'ty^the other ? I taow that gentlemen who con*
from siaveholding States say tlie North gets all that it desires;
but by whom does it get it? Does it get it by any action of
Cortjire-w? If slavery be interdicted wilhtri the limits of
California, has il b^en done by Congress—by tins Govern-
ment? No, sir. Tliat interdiction is imposed by California
herself."
I answer that everything is conceded by the ad-
mission of California. The whole matter in con-
troversy terminates at once. The North gets all she
has ever asked—gets it by the action of Congress,
and in direct violation of the great legal principle
that the wrongdoer shall not profit by his own
wrong.
Who among us does not know th%t agitation in
the State Legislatures and in the National Con-
gress has prevented southern emigration to Cali-
fornia, and placed the country in the power of
those who have imposed this restriction? Who
is there so blind as not to see that this has been the
result of aggressions commenced here? And who
does not feel that Congress is responsible for the
fact that slavery has been excluded ? Property is
proverbially timid. The slaveholder would not
carry his property there with a threat hanging
over him that it was to be taken away by opera-
tion of law the moment he landed. Agitation then
in Congress—repeated declarations made every-
where—in State Legislatures—in Conventions—in
the public press—from the pulpit even—that slave-
ry should be-excluded by law, has depiived us of
our constitutional rights as certainly and effectu-
ally as any positive enactment could have done,
and we are not only asked to submit to it, but to
accept it as a boon, and be very thankful for an
outrage. Sir, 1 prefer the Wilmot proviso direct.
I preier it, because it is bolder, plainer, and more
manly. The robber who meets me on the high-
way and demands the surrender of my propcity,
leaves me at least the option of a contest; and is
entitled to far more respect than the assassin who
lurks behind a corner, and stabs in the dark. So,
sir, he who undertakes to deprive me of my legal
rights by open means, is always entitled to higher
respect than he who seeks to acceomplish the
same end by deception and trickery. I hold that
whatever opposition is due to the Wilmot proviso
—whatever resistance it demands, is doubly due j
to this scheme of smuggling a sovereign State
into the Union. Very probably this will be set 1
down to the account of jaction. It is the fashion ,
praises of their late commander. But the cold-
Wooded devil who presided over the columns of
that paper, had prepared for them quite another
entertainment. He stated very briefly that Colonel
Ransom had been killed in storming the castle of
Chapuiiepec; that he was a soldier by profession,
had lived by the sword; and a bloody grave was a
fitting end to a career of violence. I shall not at-
tempt to describe the effect of this announcement.
To them he had been as a friend and father. They
had followed -him through hunger and thirst—
through pestilence and deaih. He had kd them
on wherever duty pointed the way—wherever
honor and renown weie to be won. Finally, he
hud fallen as a soldier should fall; fallen gloriously
at the head of his regiment—fallen with the words
"forward the ninth !' still lingering on his lips.
When his " last battle had been fousht," and " no
sound awoke him to glory again," ihey had lifted
him from the field of his fame and consigned him,
with all a soldier's honors, to a soldier's grave.
Now, from his own land, from his own home,
they read the appalling announcement that no tear
had fallen to his memory—no tonnue proclaimed
his praise. Who could blame them if in that
hour they had faltered in their duly? Who could
blame them if they had thrown away tljf banner
beneath whose folds a ti iumpn brought" only re-
proach, and honor lost its dearest eulogy ? But,
thank God, they did not. Firm as their own
granite hills, tliey breasted danger without shrink-
and answered detractisn with contempt.
ing,
They were a glorious band, that New England
soldiery, and well and nobly did they maintain,
the honor of the republic in many a trying hour,
and many a bloody fray, despite of outrage, cal-
umny and wrong nt home.
1 hope I shall be pardoned for this digression. I
owed it as an act ot justice to those gallant men.
1 do not mean on any occasion to confound them
with that other class whose reckless madness has
brought the countiy to the verge of a ptecipice
where the boldest may shudder.
The great error, Mr. President, into which the
Senator fiom Kentucky has fallen, and the one to
which may be traced much that is wiong in his
judgment, and all that is weak in his aigument, is
in supposing that there must of necessity be a
compromise. The Constitution itself is a compro-
mise, and a compromise within a compromise is
something unheard of in law, and unknown ,to
equity, if the people of the North will not abide
by a compromise deliberately made, and erected
by common consent into the paiamount law of
the land, what hope can we have that any lees
solemn covenant will restrain them in futuie?
We want no aompromise. A bond has been ex-
ecuted, and we aie willing to abide by its terms.
If we are to go on compromising away provision
after provision of the Constitution, it is better that
it should be abrogated at once, in point of fact
it is a nullity; or rather, to speak more correctly,
it is powerless for protection, and potent only
when it comes to aid northern aggressions. Let me
illustrate what I mean.
The majority claim a^given power, (no matter
how extravagant, and no matter whether it relatt s
to slavery or not,) the minority deny the exist-
ence of any such power. Alter months, or it
may be years, of fierce snuggles and contentions,
a compromise is proposed; it is acceded 10, and
one half is given up. In a little while another
contest is begun for the remamdei. Another
compromise follows, and another half is yielded.
And so on, until the stronger party gets all it de-
wen ,or mem lo A sort of constitutional !l mands. Sir, I want no compromise of this sort,
nroneness to bestow their sympathies upon the i! 1 stand upon the Constitution. If a reckless and
public enemy in time of war, ami withhold their [| unprincipled majority choose to violate that mstru-
plaucHts IVom the countiy's defenders, i .emem- ment, there is a remedy, sharp and seye e it is
her that when the remains of the lamented Lin- ij true, but just and inevitable in its application.
eoL were borne from the field of Bnena Vista ,0 '! What,
his father's home for interment, a Major General I What demand have sve ma e.
of M insichusetts militia refused to turn out his ,] have we asked? I want an answer, leu me,
command to do honor to the dead, alleging that he j you who talk o5_':0™J^f:ft^^hV,ll1N^ "Not"f-
had fallen in an unjust war, prosecuted lor unholy j
purposes, and that it would be an act of wicked- t
ness and shame to honor his memory or mount;
over his tomb. I remember also an incident in |
! go to denounce v^iatever is satd by any southern
man which argws truth to his section of the
Union. 1 in particular have been made the espe-
cial mark for the arrows of all those who are en-
gaged in this work of detraction. In New Kng-
land I am represented not only as a disunionist,
but as entertaining and expressing habitual con-
tempt for everything of northern origin. Ail tins
is utterly unfounded. The people of New Eng-
land have many virtues, andwnany good qualities,
which every man of ordinary intelligence must
appreciate and respect. If it is worth anything, 1
accord to them freely my highestadmiration tor the
energy, the industry, and the sagacity by which
they are so eminently distinguished. In all that
constitutes the wealth of a State, "art and science,
the picture, the song, and the landscape," they
have contributed abundantly to the common treas-
ure-house of the nation; and lie knows but little
of my character who supposes that I take less
pride than one of her own sons 111 whatever is j
bright or glorious in her history. But she has
many faults also, which, if her children will not
see, they ought not to condemn others for noting.
Of some of These, it has been my duty to speak
heretofore. There is another which it would be
well for them to correct.
the history of my own regiment. A paper was 1
I received which contained the first announcement j
I in New }- ngland of the death of Colonel Tru- j
j man B. Ransom, and the friends and com-
! rades of the dead soldier had gathered around,
j prepaied to listen with proud mournfulness to the
southern man has asked at your hands ? Noth-
ing sir, nothing. Humbler even than Lazarus at
the nch man's gate, we have appealed to you
neither for charity nor sympathy. What we
have once given up we have ne\er sought to re-
claim. Whatever buidens the Constitution im-
poses' we are willing to bear. Beyond this no
man ou-ght to go, and no Ireeman will go.
I fiavejiad occasion to say so much in my short
service bw of the Union and its value, of ths
