898
Tffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
wrongs to which we are subjected, and the appro-
priate remedy for them, that it is with the utmost
reluctance I again approach the subject. The
Senator from Kentucky has favored us with a
bloody and disastrous picture of disunion, and the
Senator from Michigan, a short time afterwards,
in a carefully prepared speech, followed in the
same lugubrious strain.
Mr. CASS. There was no preparation on the
subject. The remarks never occurred to me until
the moment they were delivered.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, that is a small matter.
What 1 mean to assert is, that both of tjiose Sena-
tors endeavored to impress upon the country the
belief that war must follow on the heels of dis-
union. Both of them no doubt believe that such
is the case, but in my deliberate judgment all that
is fancy merely. I cannot see why war should
follow a separation. On the contrary, I think the
good sense of both sections would teach them that,
if they must part, it had better be after the manner
of the Patriarch of old, and that each would say to
the other, "Let there be no strife, I pray thee,
between thee and me, nor between thy herdmen
and my herdmen, for we be brethren." But if it
should be otherwise, if war should come, if civil
discord |ind fraternal strife should mar the beauty
of the land, the responsibility must attach not to
those who maintain the right, but to those in whom
the dictates of justice have been silenced by the
robber's instinct.
The Senator is mistaken if he supposes he can
say anything of the possible consequences of dis-
union which has not occurred to us. We have
often manifested our sense of the evils it would
bring, and never more so than at the present'time.
We do not mean to dissolve; we leave that for the
North. Day after day, and year after year, we
have labored most earnestly to prevent them from
consummating a dissolution by destroying the only
bond that holds us together. The power of pre-
vention has now passed from our hands. The
North has obtained a majority so large that we
can neither control nor regulate it. The fate of the
country is in their hands, and to them belongs the
responsibility for whatever follows. 1 warn them
that bloody pictures will scarcely frighten us from
our propriety. We mean to defend our rights in
all contingencies, and consequences must take care
of themselves.
It is the constant practice of those who are seek-
ing to oppress us, both in Congress and elsewhere,
to descant, with much pathos, upon the Farewell
Address of Washington, and to commend to our
consideration his last advice to his countrymen.
Sir, the memory of that great man should be like
the fabled tree in the Islands of tltg East, within
whose shadow no unclean thing will harbor. His
name should be a forbidden word when anything
mean, or base, or selfish is to "be accomplished.
Least of all should it ever be quoted to sanction a
meditated tyranny. He won an immortality of
renown by resistance to oppression. His glory
had its birth in sympathy for the wronged, and
owed all its brightness to rebellion. If he were
living now, his whole history leaves no room to
doubt on which side of this great controversy he
would be found.
I shall take another occasion to discuss the other
proposition submitted by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to say a
few words in consequence of some remarks which
have fallen from the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clemens;] I want to speak of my-
self. It is rather a disagreeable topicfor any man,
but it is one which is forced upon me by what has
been said here and elsewhere. I am not going to
vindicate the correctness of my opinions at all; I
leave that to time and truth. I only intend to vin-
dicate my consistency. That I undertake to do—
that I will do to the satisfaction of every candid
man. I do not understand exactly the allusion of
the honorable Senator fiom Alabama.
Mr. CLEM ENS, (interposing.) Ihavenotsaid
anything about the Senator's consistency.
Mr. CASS. I have not intended to intimate that
the honorable Senator did so. In these remarks I
did not refer to him. I was upon the point, how-
ever, of doing so in relation to another topic. I
alluded not to what hasjust been said here, but to
what had been said elsewhere. 1 was about to
say, however, when this interposition took place,
that I did not clearly understand what the Senator
meant, when he said that in my speech to which
he referred I dealt only in general principles, cer-
tainly intimating, if not saying, that I avoided a
close connection with the subject and with its con-
sequences.
The honorable Senator is in an error, a total er-
ror, as to my course. I had two objects in view
in that speech, distinctly announced at the com-
mencement, and distinctly carried out through the
whole of it. One was to show that the Wilmot
proviso was unconstitutional; and the other, that,
if constitutional, it was inexpedient. All the prin-
ciples, genejpl or particular, that I dealt in, had
reference to these two conclusions, as logically and
as legitimately as I could apply them; whether
successfully or nou, it does not become me to de-
termine. I dealt in general, principles, indeed—
and who does not, in the discussion of such a great
and vital question ?—but I brought to my aid such
other considerations and illustrations as I thought
would fortify the position I had taken; certainly
not deterred from avowing my conclusions or the
process by which they were reached.
It was intimated by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] and by more than one gentle-
man, I believe, in the other wing of the capitol,
that I had not been consistent in my course. The
feelings of respect and kindness which I entertain
for that Senator are, I am sure, a guarantee to him
that I do not allude to this subject in any spirit of
complaint. My course, if worthy of notice, is
open to public examination, and I trust will bear
it. The charge is, sir, that in my Nicholson letter
I laid down principles from which I departed in
my late speech upon the Wilmot proviso. The
allusion, as I understand it, is more particularly to
the proposition that the people of the Territories,
as well as of the States, have a right to manage
their own internal concerns in their own way, and
that the condition of slavery may be regulated by
them as well as any other relation of lite. In that
letter, sir, which seems to have become historical,
far beyond its importance, 1 laid down four prin-
ciples, which I then deemed to be correct, and
whose truth- time and experience have but the
more strongly confirmed. Till I change my con-
victions I shall neither seek to conceal nor disavow
them. If any one has misunderstood me before,
I conceive the fault was his own. If any one mis-
understand me hereafter, the fault shall be mine,
t believe the Wilmot proviso to HI unconstitutional.
But before I proceed to a full consideration of this
branch of the subject, I beg leave to trouble the
Senate with a brief review of my position, and of
the circumstances connected with it. I have de-
sired an opportunity of doing so for some time, as
this has been made a matter of reproach—as in-
deed, what is not, in time's like these?
When the Wilmoi proviso was first proposed,
I have never concealed or denied that, had it
been pushed to a vote, I should have voted for
it. There is no need for any Senator to resort to
and retail conversations in railroad cars to prove
this. I had neverexammed the constitutional power
of Congress, and when the subject was proposed
it did not excite that opposition from the South
which we have since witnessed, nor lead reflecting
men to doubt whether such a provision could be
enforced without danger to the Union. Southern
men, I believe, had previously voted for a similar
measure, and it had not become a grave sectional
question, involving the most fearful consequences.
At a subsequent session, convinced of its bearing,
I spoke and voted against it; still, however, with-
out touching the constitutional point. Afterwards,
circumstances required me to examine the subject
more narrowly. The public mind in the South
became highly excited, and the indications were
full of danger and difficulty. I felt then, as I do
now, that the Union was the great object of every
American, and that there are few sacrifices which
ought not to be made to preserve it. I was pre-
pared to go as far as any man ought to go to attain
that object. In examining the Constitution with !
reference to the whole matter more nariowly than |
I had ever done before, I was startled by the con- j
viction that no authority was granted in. that in- |i
strument to Congress to legislate over the Territo- !
ries; and that, consequently, there was no power
to pass the Wilmot proviso. Not satisfied with
my own impressions, and being unwilling to take
such a ground without proper consideration, I de-
termined immediately to converse with some per-
son fully conversant with the history of the legis-
tion and the judicial decisions on the subject. In
looking about for that purpose, it immediately
occurred to me that an eminent judge of the Su-
preme Court, (Judge McLean of Ohio,) from his
position and associations, as well as from his resi-
dence in. the West, could give me better informa-
tion upon this subject than any other person. An-
ticipating that some discussion might soon arise
that would render this explanation proper, I ap-
plied to that gentleman some days since, and re-
quested his permission thus publicly to refer to
him, should I deem it necessary. This he cheer-
fully granted, and I now make use of his name
with his own consent. I immediately repaired to
him and stated my doubts, as well as the citcum-
stances which gave rise to them. I need not re-
peat the conversation here. It is enough to say
that he" confirmed my impressions, and informed
me that, in an article published in the National In-
telligencer a day or two previously, and which I
had notseen, I should find his yiews fully setforth.
That article has since been republished in other
papers, and has attracted a good deal of attention,
as it deserved; for it is powerfully written. I
speak, sir, solely of the views which it presents
of the power of Congress to legislate for the Ter-
ritories. The question of slavery which it dis-
cusses I do not refer to. After reading this arti-
cle, my doubts ripened into convictions, and I
took the ground to which I shall always adhere,
that the Wilmot proviso is unconstitutional. And
you have now, sir, the history of my course upon
this subject.
As I have said, I laid down four principles, or
opinions, if you please, in my Nicholson letter.
The first, that the Wilmot proviso was unconsti-
tutional; second, that slavery, having been aboi-
i ished by the Mexican Government, did not exist
I in the territory then held by our arms; third, that
slavery would not go there, as well on account of
natural and geographical obstacles as on account
of the feelings of the people who were and might
: be there; and, fourth, that organized communities
j exercising the powers of Government, whether
State or Territorial, had alone the right of deter-
mining this question for themselves. I am a great
believer, Mr. President, in the rights of man,
whatever may be the nature of the society where
he lives, and I am not going to sacrifice this long-
cherished opinion to any abstraction, metaphysi-
| cal or political. I believe the people of the Terri-
| tories have just the same right to govern them-
j selves as the people of the States have. Nor do
I I believe that a man's knowledge decreases a§ he
i recedes from the shores of the Atlantic, or that a
| wise man at the East becomes a fool by going to
the West. I am speaking here, sir, as I spoke in
| my Nicholson letter, of organized communities,
j existing governments. But I maintain, as I did
i in my speech a few days ago, that all communi-
' ties have a right to organize themselves and pro-
| vide for social order, when such ordei cannot oth-
j erwise be obtained. I do not undertake to say
t how many there must be to do this. I leave that
j to be determined when the cases arise. Like many
i other questions, indeed like most other questions
| not purely mathematical, the principle is correct
j and safe, though its application may sometimes be
| difficult.
; This Wilmot proviso is new in its name but
j old in its pretension—as old as the institution of
Governments; and it will probably last as long as
governmentexists. It is founded deeply in human
nature, which is prone to fee) power and forget
right. Every, age of the world has had its Wil-
mot proviS". Sometimes it is a stamp tax; some-
times it is a constitution like that which the Em-
j peror of Austria, in his wisdom and mercy, grant-
ed to the Hungarians: sometimes it is the division
of Poland; but at all times it is the result of a
conviction that the governors know much better
what is good for the governed than the latter know
for themselves. Sultans, Emperors, Kings, Par-
liaments, and Congresses, all equally entertain this
opinion of their own paternal authority, and are
satisfied that they ought to possess and exercise
it. Now, sir, I do not believe in this doctrine at
all. It docs not belong to my age of progress.
State or Territory, it is the people who ought to"
govern, so far as is consistent with their mutual
relations to the United Slates.
It is that part of my Nicholson letter relating to
the Territories which I understand is the object of
animadversion—I may say, indeed, of censure.
