1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
fltf
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move to
refei^the bill to the 'Committee of the Whole on
the slate of the Union, or to the Committee of the
Whole f
Mr. CONGER. I will move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to inquire of the gen*
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] why a
special act w-as necessary in this case; and whether
the ^general law, applicable to "this class of cases
did not app^y to it?
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, explained, that
the law required {he observance of certain techni-
calities which could not'be observed in this case.
The invalid must prove by an officer in the army
that he was wounded in the service; and he must
prove by another officer, and a surgeon, that he
Jost his_ leg in 'consequence of the wound. The
'difficulty jn this case w'as, that the commander
was dead, and the surgeon was dead. The records,
unfortunately, were not legal proof. He left the
service, and the limb was taken off by a private
surgeon, the amputation having been rendered ne-
cessary by the wound received in the service.
Mr. HOUSTON desired further to be informed
whether the bill had been reported by a com-
mittee.
Mr. BROWN explained, that it had been re-
forted from the Committee on invalid Pensions.
n reply to the objection raised by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conner,] Mr. B. repre-
sented the condition of the petitioner to be, to his
{Mr. B \) own knowledge, mo^t destitute—de-
pending for daily support upon individual contri-
butions, and having s!ept, as 'he had done during
the cold spring nights, in the open air.
Mr. DIJE£t demanded the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered; being, first, on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the sta'te of
the Union; and, being taken, was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The bill wa3 then ordered to a third reading,
and was read a third time and passed.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote, and that that motion be
laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made adverse reports in the follow-
ing cases; which were severally ordered to lie on
the table and be printed, viz:
The petitions of Robert Ramsay, Daniel Pal-
mer, Isaac Plummer, Moses W. Hunt, Boon-
er, of the county of Washington, State of Maine,
for an increase of pension;
The petition of Bela Sprague, of New York, for
a pension;
The petition of Richard Ooathout, askingfor the
allowance of a pension from the date of his appli-
cation to the period at which the pension was
granted;
The memorial of Gen. Wallis Foulke, of Car-
lisle, Pennsylvania, praying for an invalid pension
for services rendered in the war of 1812, as cap-
tain in the 22d regiment of infantry in ths United
State/3 army;
The petition ofSamuel Smith, ofWaterborough,
Maine* for arrearages of pension;
The memorial of Daniel Matzanbaugh, of Giles
county, Tennessee, praying for a pension on ac-
count of disabilities incurred in the war of 18X2
with Great Britain;
The petition of Enoch Dobyns, a blind man,
for services rendered in the war of 1812; and
The petition of Richard Robinson, of Dutchess
county, New York, praying for relief for wound^
received in the naval service, in the war of 1812,
1813, 1814.
CHOLERA AND THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. DUER rose and said, that as it was well
known that the cholera had made its appearance
at no great distance from us, and that as no man
could tell how soon it might be amongst us here,
it was important that the House should proceed
as rapidly as possible with the appropriation bills;
and with that view, he would move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state'of the Union.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 70, noes 35.
Mr. INGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo, and-
Ogle were appointed.
The question was taken, and thfe tellers re-
ported—ayes 91, noes 34.
FORTIFICATIONS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Disney in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
certain fortifications of the United States for the
year ending 30 h June, 1851.
The questions pending were the motion of Mr.
Giddings to strike out the item appropriating
$15,000 for defensive works and barracks near De-
troit, Michigan, and the motion of Mr. Gorman
to reduce the amount to $12,000.
The question was taken separately on these
amendments, and they were rejected.
Mr. OTIS moved that the committee rise and
report the bill. •
The motion was not received.
The following item being under consideration:
« For fortifications at outlet of Lake Champlain, $15,000,"
Mr. GORMAN moved an amendment to strike
out "fifteen" and insert "five."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The next item being under consideration, viz:
"For defen-ive woik« and barracks at narrows of Penob-
scot river, Maine, §20,000,"
Mr. BURT moved (pro forma) to strike out this
item. v
He desired to say that he did not agree with
gentlemen who had declared in this Hou&e their
opposition to the whole system of fortifications.
He thought it was highly indiscreet in this com-
mittee to undertake that most impracticable and
preposterous policy of fortifying the wh)le lake
and sea-coast of the United States. The fortifica-
tions should be confined to the principal cities of
the United States, such as Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston, New Orleans,
and Mobile. He should move to strike outof this
bill every single appropriation for the repairs of
fortifications and the erection of barracks. It was
one of the striking features of this bill, that some,
$30,000 were asked to be appropriated for three or
four distinct woiks for repairs of fortifications,
barracks, sea-walls, and permanent wharves. He
desired to know of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means—who had reported this bill,
and who was responsible for it—how much of
these appropriations was desired for these several
objects. When he was called upon to vote
$$0,000 for four objects, he desired to know how
much was wanted for each.
He had another objection to this bill. It was,
that (as he understood it to be conceded by the
Committee of Ways and Means) it was reported
without any scrutiny of theirs, not on their own in-
vestigation and inquiries, but upon the estimates
made by the officers of the Government, which
were submitted to that committee. He desired to
know whether this committee were going to vote
every dollar asked for without inquiry or estimate
by the House. He desired to know, in regard to
the officers' barracks provided for in this bill,
whether they were -to be of ma'rble or of hewn
stone, (as some of them were,) or why they were
asked at all. He thought this House, if it per-
formed its duty, if it met the responsibility im-
posed upon it, would vote understanding^ upon
this question. He said the very large appropria-
tion of $35,000 was asked " for Pert Adams,
Newport harbor, Rhode Island, and permanent
quarters and barracks thereat." Tie tlesiied to
know what description o'f barracks and quarters
were designed to be constructed under this appli-
cation. He believed—and if he was mistaken, he
trusted the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means would correct him—that at
that fort there were but one company of artillery,
composed, under our skeleton system of the army,
of forty-two men; and that these, in addition to
all the musicians, artificers, commissioned officers,
and all others at that fort, numbered about ninety
men. He asked this committee, if the Committee
on Military Affairs, or any other committee, on its
own responsibility, had brought in a bill making
such an appropriation as that, whether some ex-
planation would not have been required ? or was it
to be thought, that- because this was a kind of
omnibus bill, containing some apprbpriatidnsf fSl
everybody, it was not therefore to be examined!}!
questioned ? He hoped not; and he hop^d Xtiif'
would at least reduce some of the appropriatidfi.
The hammer fell. .
Mr. E>. withdrew his amendment at ihe requesV
of Mr.Otis. -
Mr. OTtS renewed the amendment and sai$
the gentleman from South Carolina asks to have
the appropriation for the narrows at Penobscot
river stricken out. The superintending eijgV
neer asked for $75,000; but the chief engineer and "
committee have cut it down to §20,000, less thM
one third of what would be required to complete
the work. The gentleman says, he is opposed to
al| appropriations except intended for the defence
of large cities, or important points. Now I under-
take to say there is not a more important point
where a defensive work is required than this. It
is on a large river, deep enough tofbat the largest
ship in the navy, and broad enough, and spa-
cious enough to contain half the ships in our mer-
chant service, h is below the flourishing city of
Bangor, the towns of Hampden, Frankfort, and
Bushford, and surrounded by an extensive and
important section of country. It is upon a,river
which would be in a line with Ctuebec, and withiit
thirty-six hours sail df Halifax, the great, nayal
depot in America for the British fleet. There ia
a chief line of coast in Maine of'more than three
hundred miles, and she is the third State, in the
Union in the amount of her tonnage. She is a
frontier State, with a line adjoining the British pos-
sessions of Canada and New Brunswick of more
than five hundred miles. This fortification and
the two at Portland, with a small one at East-
port, are the only works of dcfence for the whole
coast and frontier. This work is needed to pro.-
tect our shipping which may take shelter in the
Penobscot above the fortification. At the same
time it will keep a force at bay while the country
could be aroused and brought m to secure the towns
and country above it. It combines the double, ob-
ject for which these works are intended and re-
quired. It is to protect and secure large and im.
portant interests in a frontier Slate while time will
be required to concert a Ufge force. 1 do not com-
plain because this bill appropriates $450,000 to the
South, while it gives only a little more than,
$300,000 to the North. These sums are to be ex-
pended for the common defencesof our,common
country, and 1 will not stop to inquire whether the .
sums are to be expended North or South, East or
West. Of this appropriation in this bill $2UO,UQ0
is for the defence of the Mississippi ana its ap-
proaches. The short time allowed for these re-
marks will not admit of er.iering into a consider-
tion of the genera) principle of the bill.
[Mr. O. referred to the following notes in relation
to this subject prepared lor this debate:
Fortifications of Maine.—Works on a fron-
tier or seaboard have two objects:
1. Local. As covering a harbor, a river, a com-
munication,"a city, a district of country.
2. General. Affecting the large operations of a*
campaign—taking the place of an army or armies
of observation, requiring, .*ay only one fourth or
one fifth of the force which would otherwise be
required, and rendering available foi the campaign
the remaining three fourths or four fifths.
Thus in Maine: A woik is required at Bucks-
port, to cover Bangor and the back country, and
affording a hai bor of refuge for shipping. And
for similar purposes works arc required at Poitland
and the mouth of the Kennebec. Works at Port-
land would cover the gieat railroad communication
with Montreal.
The whole coast of Maine is within striking
distance of the great naval depot at Halifax. A
powerful steam marine could in thirty-fix hours
reach any point of her coast. In case of war with
England, her policy would be, by a powerful and
rapid blow, to isolate Maine, and secure the com-
munication with theCanadas. With the works a't
Portland, and at the mouth of the Kennebec and
Penobscot, she could not do this. We could rely
upon our militia to ward off all such attempts for N
a time at least, say fifteen or twenty days, in a
well organized campaign, this period would be de-
cisive. Our whole foice could be sent agains^
the main object. Without works it would have
to be divided, and a vastly larger force' tfould
have to be called out. ..
Suppose there are no, works^ and England
