400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.
rr aY. I be" ,eave to commend t0
Senator the philosophical mode which
h0n°^commen<[ed to mankind by Lord Bacon;
was recti r[ain facts before he proceeds to ar-
that t|,em Now, upon what facts does he
Zae,?^ke to assert that there has been any coop-
u„ueria  f between the honorable Senator
®raU°ivr„soufi and myself? Upon what facts does
[r°fssfrt this ? And if no facts exist, I willask
e I im what right he fias to comment or ammadvert
n adv supposed intercourse or cooperation
u|1. .h mjo-ht take place between the honorable
SenatorMissouri and myself?
Whv sir, the truth is, that there existed for
«f>veial years no very friendly social intercourse be-
f „ the Senator from Missouri and myself—a
of total lion-intercourse, if you please—era-
k and all other restrictions that belong to com-
merce' between nations; but, sir two or three years
we came together again, and restored relations,
l<-«t of civility and ainity, which I was very
t «f as I always am lo make peace with any
fife I would do so with the whole world, if 1
C°Kow sir, with regard to the fact of cooperation,
•r .hP Senator had done me the honor to inquire
1 would have told him with great frankness and
fh that J never saw the proposition of the Sen-
ior from Missouri—the proposition that is em-
f^aeed in the bill that he has presented here re-
jecting the boundary of Texas—nor had any
P m,.nicaiion,oral or written, with him on the
c<"r!l his bill was presented. And w.th
Sar renee to the resolutions which were offered by
.lie eve of the Senator from Missouri never
"'Vci uDon them, nor had he ever heard their
p fl,*- he had no more knowledge of them be-
S°n [ presented them to the Senate than had the
qJnntor from Alabama himself.
Well then, sir, what facts had he to go upon ?
Ooes he mean to say that he feels himself at
l.hertv when, as was the fact the other day the
honorable Senator from Missouri came round here
1 had a little conversation with me, to speculate
,n" ,he occurrence of such an incident, and de-
Hnce from it what he pleases? Why, it is true
the honorable Senator from Mississippi made an
illusion to the same fact the other day; and 1 did
not recur to it at the time, because it really passed
°Uklr *F?>oVl3- Will the honorable Senator al-
low me to interrupt him for a moment? The
„TL,i whv I alluded to it was, that the honorable
lator fro n Kentucky had himself referred to it,
„o,'l explained the matter very distinctly and clearly
- ir hearino. The Senator from Missouri had
'""I alid expressed his surprise and disnppoint-
t thit tlie Senator from Kentucky did not
me to his rescue upon that occasion, as he had
Cvoected from the intercourse that had taken place
hi ween them. And when this was announced,
.he Senator trom Kentucky made his explanation,
(I tint explanation, as 1 remarked at the time,
a" ifiedihe beliet that 1 had previously entertained.
v L CLAY. But the Senator went on to say
«1,HI he saw the Senator from Missouri come over
f III! the other side of the chamber to this, and
!h„t he saw some whispering between us, and then
Znreeded to make his own deductions, for which
1 «av he had no authority. Now, 1 repeat that,
between the honorable Senator from Missouri and
If t|iere was no interchange of opinion, either
C regard to the project which "he had submitted to |
the Senate, or in regard to the resolutions which 1 ,
h ve presented. When the Senator from Mis- i
il l on the morning to which the Senator from ;
Mississippi on a former occasion alluded, and to ;
which "the Senator from Alabama, 1 suppose, has
]luifed came acioss the chamber, it was to speak
(•the disposition of the question before the Senate. :
A iJ let me ask, has it come to this, that  ne Sen-
Cdimot commune with another about the dis-
union of the public business of the country
without incurring suspicion, without subjecting
himself to animadversion, and in such language
is tantamount to a formal accusation ? 1 pro-
fit against the right of any Senator to subject
mv conduct or intercourse with my fellow-Sena- ;
tors to any such trial or test us- thai. But, sir, so
deenlv am 1 impressed with the awful cusis that
exists in t!ie country, that if the Senator from
Missouri had been the worst enemy, the bitterest
enemy I had m the world, and I thought that by any ,
conference or intercourse with him we could mu- j
tualiy dispose each other, and the Senate and Con-
gress, to settle this distracting question, burying
in a moment ail animosity that 1 entertained against
him, I would have gone to him as to the best and
most affectionate friend I had on earth, in order to
produce such a great and glorious result as that
would be of harmonizing the different portions of
this at present unfortunate country.
Sir, it is possible, indeed 1 am inclined to think
that, on the occasion of preparing these resolu-
tions, 1 consulted with too few. Those with whom
I did consult were generally my friends from the
South; with one solitary exception, i consulted no
northern gentlemen. In the years 1832—53, when
1 had occasion to present a schcme for compro-
mising another great question that then existed in
this country, I commuted the opposite error; i
consulted too many; the effect of which w'as to
endanger the fate of the measure that I suggested.
I determined, therefore, on this occasion to con-
sult as few as possible, and to limit myself, with
the one exception that I have referred to, to my
southern friends. So much, sir, as to any sup-
posed connection or cooperation between the Sen-
ator from Missouri and myself.
But, sir, there are one or two points upon which
I beg the Senate to indulge me m an observation
or two, which have been suggested by the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Alabama.
1 said, Mr. Piesuient, that with legard to Cali-
fornia there was no concession on either side; that
it was offering to the .North just what the North
wanted, but that they got it, not by the action of
Congress, but by the action of the people of Cali-
fornia themselves, who had a right to decide
whether they would admit or exclude slavery.
Well, sir, let us see the argument by which, and
the manner in which, the Senator from Alabama
has answered this. He could not deny the fact
that the exclusion of slavery was to be found in
the constitution of California. That is incontes-
table. Nay, but said the Senator, if Congress now
admits California, Congress will be responsible
for that clause in the constitution of California
which interdicts slavery. Now, s.r, let us sup-
pose the case which the honorable Senator from
Alabama has himself put. Let us suppose that
there had been a census taken, that an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants had actually been made,
and that they were found to be sufficient in num-
ber to entitle California to admission into the
Union; and let us suppose that an act of Congress
had passed authorizing her, in the old mode of
introducing States, to hold a convention and to
decide for himself whether she would become a
member of this Union or not. Suppose that she
had formtd a constitution and decJaied her desire
to become a member of the Union, and had come
here and solicited admission. Weil, if Congress
admitted her, would it not have been Congress,
then, that did this? Would it not have been Con-
gress that authorized the taking of the census?
Would it not have been Congress that passed the
previous act authorizing them to meet in conven-
tion, and to determine whether they would or
would notbecome a memb,erofthe Union ? Would
it not have been (Jongressthatgave her the pqwer
to come here and ask for admission ? And would
it not have been Congress that finally received
her? And might not, apon such a supposition,
the honotable Senator as readily charge Congress
with indirectly excluding slavery from California
as he can do it now ?
Sir, I understand that, no matter how her con-
stitution may be formed, whether with or without
the consent of Congress, when that constitution is
presented to us, our consideration is limited to the
inquiry whether it is republican. Jt is true, that
where a constitution has been formed with some
degree of irregularity, as in theca^e of California,
you have to consider of that irregularity, and de-
termine whether, as statesmen looking to great
objects, looking to the accomplishment of a great
purpose—a purpose affecting the harmony of this
Union—you are to be led off by mere technicali-
ties as to the admission of a State under these
circumstances.
Well, sir, it is just as much the right of Cali-
fornia to decide the question of slavery for herself
as it would have been if a previous act of Con-
gress had passed authorizing her to form her*
self into a State, and we had admitted her after-
wards. And Congress is no more responsible for
the interdiction of slavery which exi^ta in the
constitution of California now, than Congress
would be responsible for it if there had been a prior
actof Congress authorizing the peopleofCaliforriia
to consider for themselves, and to determine
whether they would or would not come into the
Union as a member of it.
I have said, sir, and i repeat, that I have heard
nothingyet that in the slightest degiee contravenes
the force of this argument. I said that, in regard
to California, she had an excuse which did not
exist in the case of other States that have been ad-
mitted into this Union without previous autarky
of Congress. In the case of the other States, they
were not abandoned by Congress. Congress per-
formed its parental duty of providing for them
suitable territorial governments. They had got
governments; they bad got good governments;
they had got free governments. But what is the
case in regard to California? She was abandoned
by Congress at the last session. Congress failed
to discharge its parental duty towards California
at the kst session. She was in a state of profound
and perfect anarchy unless she could obtain or
make somelawssuited to her abandoned condition.
And, when thus abandoned by Congress, what
does Cahformado ? Why, she callsaconvention,
and that convention forms a constitution—a very
excellent constitution, as I believe, so far as I have
looked into it. She chooses herself, of her own
free will, to refuse to admit slavtry within her
limits; and she now comes here. How? Dicta-
ting to Congress? No, sir; she comes to the very
parent who has treated her in this heartless man-
ner, respectfully asking the parent who has thus
turned her loose, cast her off from all law, without
a government emanating from the only authority
which could institute a real and legitimate and
proper government—she comes to her, how ?
Threatening to make herself independent—threat-
ening secession, threatening disunion ? No, sir,
no; she comes here, and in a most respectful, if
not in a most humble manner, asks you to admit
her to the enjoyment of the blessings of self-gov-
ernment, which you denied to her in any form at
the last session of Congress. And you are bound,
not only by the Constitution of the United States,
but by the treaty by which she was acquired, and
by the higher law of God himself, to give to those
who are thrown into your power or possession,
by conquest or by purchase, the benefits of gov-
ernment. You have refused, sir, you denied to
ner a government. You abandoned your child,
and now, when that child comes to you, having
shifted for itself as well as it could in the absence
of your parental authority, you reproach it with
usurpation, with impudence; and aie ready—at
least some portion of Congress seems ready—to
repel her from your doors, and send her back
v/ithout any suitable government, to shift as she
can during the residue of this contest, which may
last for years.
The difference, therefore, between the case of
Michigan and that of California is the difference
between government and no government; between
government and anarchy; between the exercise of
parental authority on the part of Congress towards
Michigan, and the abandonment of all duty, con-
stitutional, natural, and parental, on the part of
Congress towards California. And yet genilemen
can see in one case apologies for the conduct of
Michigan, and can see none in the case of poor
California.
Michigan had, we are told, been patiently
knocking at our doors for years, and yet we re-
jected her. Why, sir, there were some difficul-
ties, not altogether insuperable, to be sure, about
the extent, about the limits, the boundary of that
State, and some difficulty resulting from the con-
test between her and her neighbor Ohio. These
were some of the difficulties which existed, butall
this time she was enjoying a Government; all
this time she had her own Legislature, her own
representation, her own laws; she had the power
to govern herself as she pleased in her Territorial
condition.
Sir, it does seem to me that if we will look at
things as they are, and not be misled by mere
forms, by technicalities not worthy of consider-
ation for a moment, that we will not only draw a
distinction favorable to California between her
case and that of Michigan, but that we will draw
from the facts in the case a conclusion of duty,
which, for one, I am ready and anxious to per-
form.
