THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session,
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, I860.
New Series.... No. 26.
I hearcta sentiment uttered to-day which 1 have
again and again heard uttered, and which i have
?iever heard uttered but with a shuddering and ap-
prehension. We are told that upon certain con-
tingencies, upon the occurrence of certain events,
the South must take a particular, a specified course,
regardless of consequences. Regardless of const-
qutnces! Why, sir, can we acquit ourselves to
ourselves, can we acquit ourselves to civilization,
can we acquit ourselves to that religion which we
all profess to respect and adhere to; can we acquit
ourselves to the great God of heaven himself, if,
upon a measure of this magnitude, of this tran-
scendent importance, we are to take it regardless
■of consequences? Sir, I know of no condition of
man, individually 6r associated, wherever he may
fee, whether solitary and alone, in the midst of the
wide prairies of the West, or upon the ocean's
billows when tossed by storms, or acting in a de-
liberative assembly, I know of no condition where
a religious, moral, rational, responsible being can
take a step regardless of consequences. Sir, it is
precisely because I do regard consequences, and I
apprehend them., not to this or that side of the
Union alone, but to all parts, to the entire coun-
try—consequences not only affecting us, but af-
fecting all mankind, in a greater or less degree;
consequences which affect the existence of self-
government, which affect the preservation of lib-
erty itself; it is because I do look to these conse-
quences, because I regatd them, because I have
deliberated upon them, that I am led to the conclu-
sion of making an exertion, of making every effort
the power to make which is yet reserved to me,
to avert the greatest of all human calamities, not
only that could befall this country," but that could
befall the whole race of civilized man.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am free to confess, Mr.
President, that t did not expect to hear an argu-
ment in the Senate of the United States, emanating
from a gentleman so distinguished for his talents
and ability in its counsels as is the Senator from
Kentucky, to prove that it was right to do wrong.
Sir, I did not expect to hear him undeitake to
prove that it was moral and religious and patriotic
to refuse to do right, because something impor-
tant, arid perhaps disastrous, should result from
such a course of action. 1 have always understood
that morality and "religion inculcate that we must
do right, and that then, if disastrous consequences
follow from the practice of such right, the respon-
sibltty rests upon us. Fiat jxtstitia riifd ccclum. £f
the Senator from Kentucky meant by his temarks
to assert that my language was capable of the
construction that wc should act regardless of all
consequences, at all times and under all circum-
stances, h-§ has placed a construction upon it which
it is not susceptible of bearing, and which it will
not bear. Sir, in the statement I made, 1 meant to
assert simply that it was the duty of every man to
actjustly—toactconscientiously—and i mustlearn
morality m another school, and religion and piety
somewhere else, before I concur in the sentiment
of the honorable Senator.
The Senator asks what right I have to comment
upon his conduct. Sir, i have the right which be-
longs to every freeman of this country; I have the
right, the constitutional right, to judge and speak
conscientiously of the public acts of any individual,
■whether of high or low estate, in this country or
in fhe world.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) Certainly; but not
of acts of a private character.
Mr. CLEMENS. I made no allusion to the
private acts of the Senator from Kentucky. In
iny remarks I referred to nu private conference; I
knew noting of any private conference that may
have been held between the Senator from Missou-
ri and the Senator from Kentucky. 1 was not in
the Senate chamber on the occasion when it took
place, and, therefore, knew nothing of it. i knew
nothing of any conference which had been held
between these two gentlemen with lespecttothe
subject of a Territorial or State Government for
California. I heard the Senator from Kentucky
proclaim, as I thought, that when he submitted his
resolution^ they were intended to be compromises
26
of the whole matter in dispute,and designed to be
embraced in one bill; that is, all taken together;
that it was wrong t.o stop one leak in the vessel of
State, and not to stop all of them. I so under-
stood the Senator when he introduced, his resolu-
tions and made his speech; and I further under-
stood the Senator from Kentucky, when the Sena-
tor from Missouri introduced his motion to refer
the subject of the admission of California, to a
select committee, with instructions to report a bill
for its admission, to abandon the ground which he
had previously taken in his speech before the
Senate, and to concur in the proposed action of
the Senator from Missouri. This was the matter
to which I referred in my remarks heretofore. I
knew nothing of any private intercourse between
them; and I can truly say that I cared nothing
for it. The motion of the Senator from Missouri,
and the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
with respect to California, although somewhat dif-
ferent in terms, were the same in spirit, and
judging from the declaration of the Senator from
Kentucky, I think he must so have understood it.
What right, then, has he to complain if I choose
to comment upon it?
The Senator from Kentucky has supposed a
case. He supposes that a census had been taken
—a legal census—m the State of California, and
that there was found to be a sufficient number of
inhabitants to justify her formation as a State, and
that she comes here and now asks for admission.
On such a supposition the Senator asks me if it
would not be right to admit her, and if I would
reject her application ? Would I reject her ? Yes,
• sir. I wouid reject her at once. .I would reject
] heron account of the fraud 1 have commented on
' before; and which was consummated by the agita-
; tions in this Congress and the State Legislatures,
i and the conventions held everywhere throughout
j the North, thus practising a deliberate and gigan-
l tic fraud upon the people of the South, and pre-
venting them from having an equal chance in the
adoption of the constitution of California. I would
reject it on that ground alone. I did not choose
to rest my argument on that ground, because there
were other sufficient reasons against its admission.
But, if there was no other reason for it, I would
ask for its rejection on that account.
The Senator is mistaken if he supposes that I
am to be forced, in any manner whatever, from
the execution of what i consider it to be my duty
to perform. £ hope that I shall never upon any
occasion here or elsewhere, now or at any other
time, forget what is due to the Seriate. But, sir,
plain things are plain things, and I intend to take
public acts and public measures, and speak of
them in exactly the plainest language I can pos-
sibly select. 1 intend to use the pure Anglo-Saxon
—a language that means something that the coun-
try can understand.
I have something now, Mr. President, to say
to the Senator from Michigan, in conclusion. I
did not intend to call forth from him any remarks.
I did not make any allusion to him in a spirit of
unkindness; I brought no charge of inconsistency
against him. I did not comment upon his Nichol-
son letter, or say that it meant one thing, and his
speech the oilier day meant another. 1 did not
intend to allude to that matter in any way. But,
Mr. President, I must inform the Senator from
Michigan that the construction which he now puis
upon the Nicholson letter was never put upon it by
his party in the State of Alabama. 1 musUell him
that if his present construction is the ri^ht one, I
have been greatly instrumental in misleading the
minds of the people of my State in advocating his
claims. I denied that the construction he has now
placed upon his letter was the true one. The
construction I placed upon it was, that the popu-
lation of a Territory, when sufficiently numerous
to form a State, should decide the question of sla-
very for themselves. That, sir, was the construc-
tion put upon it by myself and by his party. I am
sorry if I have misunderstood hmi, but I did not
mean to make the question a theme of discussion
in the Senate. I mu3t remind the Senator of a
fd^t which, from his own knowledge of public
affairs, can scarcely have-escaped his attention. I
must remind him of the fact that a leading Demo-
crat, formerly of the other House, was read out
of the party because he said precisely what the
Senator himself has now said about the Nicholson
letter. We put the ban upon him for such a con-
struction, and excluded him from the ranks of the
Democratic party in Alabama. I allude to Mr.
Yancey. _We did that gentleman foul injustice,
and owe him much reparation He was not the
only one; there were some half i\ dozen distin-
guished members of the same party in Alabama
who shared a similar fate for putting the construc-
tion on that letter which the Senator from Mich-
igan now puts upon it. But he tells us he has
a right to speak to us because he has been broken
down, politically, for standing up for the rights of
the South. Well, Mr. President, what does that
assertion mean? Does it not prove—if any thing
at all—that all hope is gone for the South when
he has been annihilated for doing only what he
has done; for standing up only as far as he has
stood up for the rights of the South? What can
we then hope to receive from any compromise
that may be offered? Does it not prove, sir,
without a shadow of doubt, that all hope has gone
forever? Why, sir, he proposes to admit Cali-
fornia. He proclaims a doctrine that wiH exclude
slavery from all the Territories of the Union; and
yet because he will not come out and say that
the Wilmot proviso is a constitutional act, he
tells us his political existence in the North is
terminated. We want, sir, no other proof to
show that all hope is-atan end.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I rose for the
purpose of making an explanatory reply, when
the Senator from Michigan closed his remarks. £
now intend to execute that intention. But, before
doing so, I must say that I then obtained the floor,
and should have been pei mi tied to proceed. Though
I may be very willing, as a matter of courtesy, to
waive my right in favor of older Senators, it is not
for the Presiding Officer to say when or how that
courtesy shall be shown.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands that the Senator who first speaks is enti-
tled to the floor. The voice first heard was the
voice of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
and for that reason the floor was assigned to him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am glad to hear
that that was the case, and will therefore say noth-
ing more about the matter. The Senator from
Michigiin, id alluding to myself, has spoken of me
as having charged him with inconsistency. I cer-
tainly intended to make no such charge aga nst the
honorable Senator from Michigan. He said that
he spoke in a feeling of kindness to me; I have no
reason to doubt it; and think I might claim as
much from the honorable Senator, even if kind-
ness was not the prevailing characteristic of his
heart. \ made no charge of inconsistency upon
him; but, on the other hand, regretted to find him
consistent in a position which I originally consid-
ered erroneous, and think has been shown, by re-
cent events, to be productive of evils the magnitude
of which, now dimly seen in the distance, we may
be soon called upon to measure. 1 always con-
strued his "Nicholson letter," as he has explained
it now; and because I never would defend him
upon the view which 1 held to be equivalent to
turning over the territory to the first occupants of1
it—those who m the race of emigration should first
reach it—some of my political friends, who always
constiued it as only meaning that the inhabitants,
when they formed a State government, were enti* .
tied to the sovereignty of other States of the Union,
consideied me as wanting in the maintenance of
his claims as a candidate for the presidency. I
have incurred responsibility, because I never
would put that construction upon it. I thought I
understood the opinions of the honorable Senator
from Michigan before he wrote that letter; and I
knew of the conference to which he has alluded,
very soon after it occurred, bilt to which I have
never heretofore referred. L understood the opin-
ions of the Senator to be the same then as I under-
stand them to Jye now. They huve never met with
