urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Aug. I,
E.ity. of .this work, while he denies the right of
adverse judgment on the part of others. I ac-
knowledge, that at the time 1 made my remarks
I had no other guide to judgment than my limited
knowledge of the condition of the Detroit river,
of the commerce of the lakes, and the population
bordering the lakes, that our merchant marine on
the lakes was capable of taking coreot itselfthat
if it was not, this fort was located where it could
not protect it; that to crowd it into the Detroit
river was practically impossible, and if you got it
there it was more exposed to the Canada shore
than it could be at any other point; that the fort
was no protection to the interior, from the fact that
an enemy could effect a landing any where. Now,
sir, these remarks which the honorable gentleman
charged me with making unadvisedly and rashly, 1
confess' 1 did make without any other than my
own observation and common sense, and did not
expect for them any other cffcct than the reasons
they furnished. Since, making these remarks, i
accidentally find myself sustained by military gen-
tlemen of ~no mean reputation; and for the benefit
of the gentleman, who seems to rely implicitly
upon professional opinion, I will refer to them.
General Cass, in 1836, as Secretary of War under
General Jackson, and rn answer to resolutions of
the Senate touching the military and naval de-
fences of the country, made a report which con-
tained the following language in reference to this
very kind of defence upon this Detroit river:
"The resolution of the Senate embraces, the inquiry into
the expediency of constructing permanent fortifications, in
this quarter. And this inquuy properly divides itself into j
two branches:
"lat. Tue policy of fortifying the harbors on the lakps;
and
"2d. The policy of commanding, by permanent works,
the communication-? between them.
« Both of these measures presuppose that the naval su-
periority upon these waters may be doubtful. But it is du-
ficult to Ion-see the probable existence of any circumstances
which would give this ascendency to the other p-trty. It is
unnecessary io investigate the considerations wh'ich bear
. upon tins subject, as they are too obviou* to require exam-
ination. Thty are to be s^en and K-lt in all iho e wonder-
ful evidences? of increase and unpioveineni winch aie now
in such active operation. Avietonous fieetupon these lakes
could disembark an army at almost any point. Jt a hatbor :
were closed by fortification?, they would only have io  etk
the nearest beach, and land their menttom boat-,'so thai
no defence* we could construct would secure us against
invasion} and temporary blotk-hou-.esand batieins would,
probablv, be found sufficiently poweifnl to repel th*- attacks
of any vessels seeking to enter the narrow haibors upon
the lakes, if we copld foresee the existence nt any circum-
stances which would induce an enemy to endeavor to lorce
an entrance into them.
"As to the communication between the lakes, the in-
quiry. from geographical cause?, is necessarily lestnctcd to
that from Lake Ene f<  Lake Iiuion, and to the suaits ot
Michilimackmac. Of the lortuer, ahno-t mxi> miles con-
sist of two rivers, completely commanded from their oppo-
site banks white the entrance into one oi these, the river
St. Clair, is impeded by a bar, over which there are hut
about eight feet of wafer. No armed vessels could force
their, way up<these rivers while the shores were in an
enemy's possession, who might construct batteries at every
projecting point* and who, in tact, might in many places
sweep the decks with musketry. A* to the strain of Mich-
* jlfniak'iwic, they ore too broad tube comm.mded bv summ-
ary fortification*, even if any ctrenmstam es vhniild'lead to
th construction and (quipmcnt ot a hostile ^et upon the
bleak and remote shoies ot iVIatchedask bay*i Uienoith-
ea-tern extremity ofLako fJuiun.
" I am, therefore, of opinion that otir lake frontier re-
quires no permanent defences, a d tint we may safely rely
Jor its secuiuy upon those resouices, both tn the personnel
and materiel, which the euent and otiier advantages our
country insure to u~, and which must give us the auperioi-
ity in that quarter."
Such is the language of General Cass, as Secre-
tary of War—a gentleman who is identified with
the military and civil history of the northwest
frontier, in every stage of its advancement; a gen-
tleman who has notspeculated upon the advantages
of the enemy in this quarter alone, but tried them
in the field; a man to whom all will concede, how-
ever much they may differ with htm in political
sentiment, is as well acquainted with, and as capa-
ble of judging of the military wants of the north-
west frontier as any other man living.
I find myself, fortunately enough, sir, sustained
in the remarks I made, not only in the conclusions,
but the reasoning of this report; and I will leave the
Detroit Representative to settle the question with the
father of Detroit, and pioneer of the Northwest.
If the authority of General Cass is not sufficient
to dissipate the confidence which the gentleman
expresses in this work, I will commend him to the
first page of this report, where General Jackson,
as Chief Executive, and in reference to the very
language 1 have quoted frojp General Cass, uses
the following language:
" In respect to that branch of the subject which fallsmoie
particularly under the notice of the Secretaiy of War, and
in the "consideration of which he has aiived^nt conclusions
(littering from those contained in the report from the Engi-
neer Bureau, I think it proper to add my concurrence in
the views expressed by the Secretary.
ANDIIEW JACKSON."
Here you have the judgment of eminent military
men and civilians, officially given when discharging
the ""duties of the Government; and what renders
those opinions more reliable, they are based upon
facts afid a condition of things that will convince
the common sense of any person that is acquainted
with the condition of the couhtry in that quarter.
Mr. C. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ASHE obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr.BURT, who said, that he would withdraw
-his motion to strikeout this section of the bill;
and that he could assure gentlemen from Maine,
that he had no prejudice whatever against any sec-
tion. He withdrew the motion he made as to this
particular section.
Mr. ASHE then renewed the Amendment, for
the purpose briefly of expressing nis views. He
said: Mr. Chairman, being entirely a civilian,it is
with much diffidenee that I presume to speak of
war or its appuitenances, " in the presence of
Hannibal;" but 1 feel constrained to say, that it
astonished me much to hear the honorable gentle-
man from Delaware [Mr. Houston] assail so fu-
riously the position of the gentleman from Ohio,
who had informed us that the necessuy of these
fos tifications, as a means of national defence, had
become an obsolete idea. The gentleman from Del-
aware, when he told the Mouse no one, at all dis-
tinguished in the councils of war, could be ad-
duced to impugn the usefulness of these works,
had certainly forgotten a memorial addressed to
Congress by one of our most distinguished mili-
taiy patiiots, General Edmund P. Gaines, in that
communication General Gaines pionounced this <
system of defence as entirely inadequate to the ;
protection of the country, and recommended as a '
substitute the establishment of floating batteries.
Without agreeing with htm in the propriety of the
recommendation of his substitute, 1 acknowledge,
most fully, the force of his objections to the pres-
ent system. 1 will read, for the benefit of the com.
mittee, his opinion:
"Floating batteries, such as are here proposed, consti-
tute, as vour memorialist verily believes, the only sure
means ot "defence ol the passes into our sea-port^, against
ships of war propelled by steam pov\ ei—means ot defcnce,
without which, it is in the power ot any nation or commu-
nity ot men, or pnatee, capable of hltmg out ten, or even
five such steamships of war as those nnplojed in the de-
struction ot the eastle of San Juan d'Ulloa, to de-tioy the
city of New York or New Oilcans, by tire, with the newly
invented eighty pound cannot shot and shells, in a single
daj, at any season of the year; approaching them n> the
m ht, and "taking them by surprise. a  with such a fleet,
vv« 11 manned and supplied, either city could be fned in live
hundred places in one houi ; and in a lew hours more,
thou am'tj of the most splendid edifices, by winch these
magnificent cities are embellished, would be rtduced to ruin
and" desolation."
Independent of these weighty considerations, a
moment's reflection will satisfy us, that in the
piesent highly-improved state of navigation af-
forded by steam power, these riparian fortifi-
cations are antediluvian, and entirely unfitted for
our protection. I intend no reflection on the ca-
ll pacity and wisdom of those who originally advised
!| their construction; but. now, sir, the times are
It greatly changed. A steam vessel of war could
|| with perfect safety puss by night any of our river
'! fortifications; and, after bombarding our most afflu-
ent cities, could return to the bo om of the broad
deep at pleasure. We are familiar with the bold
passage made by General Wilkinson on the 6th of
November, 1813, down the St. Lawrence, and in
pointblank shot of the well-manned English fortifi-
cation,5 Port Pi escott. Wilkinson, with his fine
little navy, consisting of six hundred boats, passed
through the full fire of the fort, with the loss of
but one man. If this could be done by the use of
oars, what could not be done with the aid of steam
vessels? Even in the broad light of the sun, a
steam ship, by intervening an empty merchant
vessel between herself and the fortification, could
readily and safely pass up any of our rivers.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McMCJLLEN renewed the amendment.
He had done so, he said, for the pCirpns.e of de-
fining his position upon the bill. But, before he
proceeded, he wished to say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who ad-
\ dressed the committee yesterday. He [McMul-
len] had understood that gentleman to say, that
he held that the'Administration was responses
for appropiiations made for public expendituies.
It was true that this idea was not a new one. ft
had been broached.heretofore. But he contended
that the flouae of Representatives, and not the
Administration, was responsible for the appropiia-
tions. The recommendations for these appropria-
tions were made by the subordinate officers of the
Government.
Mr. BAYLY. Oh ! no. There is not a soli-
tary appropriation here, the recommendation for
which has not come fiom the head of the de-
partment.
Mr. MCMULLEN" said that the recommenda-
tions came first from the engineers, who were
subordinate officers, and were then submitted to
Congress by the departments. But, he repeated#
the House of Representatives was responsible for
every imprudent or improper appropriation. And
if the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Mpans [Mr. Bayly] could satisfy him [McM.J
that any item of this bill ought to pass, he
would certainly vote for it. If not, it was his in-
tention to vote against the whole bill; for, in his
judgment, the time had come when this old, obso-
lete system of appropriations should be plucked
out. The country depended for its defence nut on
fortifications, but on the navy, and upon the mili-
tia, the bone arid smew of the nation. "Where,
then, was the necessity for the passage of this bill ?
To his mind there was noney and therefore'he de-
signed to vote against it. This he should do
as a whole; but he desired to repeat, .that if the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
would satisfy him that there was one single
item of it which the interest of the public ser-
vice required should be adopted, he would vote
for it. He trusted that gentlemen on both sid,es
of the House, without regard to party or party
purposes, would come up now like statesmen
to the work of retrenchment and reform—that they
would practically demonstrate their attachment
to that retrenchment and reform in the expenditures
of the Government which had been made the ral-
lying cry of the Whig parry m 1840. A more
auspicious time for an effective commencement
could not exist. Neither party held the power in
this House; neither party had practically a tnajoi ity
in it; and neither party, therefore, could be held
exclusively responsible for the legislation of the
country, or be presumed to make capital out of it.
This, then, was the time for action; this was the
time for practical retrenchment and reform. Let
gentlemen sustain the principle now', or let them
forever hereafter hold their peace.
Mr. McM. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. PARKER moved to strike out the pend-
ing sum, to insert §15,000; and after stating that
his amendment was merely made pro Jot ma, he
said, that there was none of the general appropri-
ation bills for which he should vote with more
pleasure tiian for a wi&e and proper fortification
bill. The Constitution not only authorized us to
appropriate money to such purposes, hut it wets
evidently the intention of that instrument to "throw
the burden of these expenditures upon this Gov-
ernment. The Staies in need of these defences had
a right to expect this from us.
rihe opponents of this bill, when they ask us to
throw aside this whole system of fortifications as
useless, require this committee to disregard the
experience of my own country, and that of every
other civilized nation; tor there is not one which,
has not acknowledged the necessity for this mode
of defending their more important harbors and
commercial ports.
Whe,n I look back to our own history, I re-
member that in 1776, Fort Moultrie was auacked
by a large British fleet under Sir Peter Paiker;
and after an engagement of ten hours, the squad-
ron was repulsed with great loss, and Charleston
saved; and this, although the fort was ma very
incomplete condition, and had not ammunition
more than sufficient to fire some thirty rounds
from their guns. . And again, in the last war, wa3
not Baltimore defended and preserved from the
calamities which befell this city by a little six gun
battery? And so at Fort Bowyer, near Mob.le, a
small garrison in a miserable fortification was en-
abled to beat off a British squadron with great
loss, including one of their ships, although at'the
same moment attacked by a land force of double
the force in the fort.
