185a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB©;
And if we look to the history of other nations,
we will "find their experience and practice to cor-
respond with our own. Bonaparte felt its neces-
sity, aiTil bestowed the greatest care in perfecting
the defences of Gherbourg and other important
harbors; and in the wars which within the last
sixty years had occurred between England and
France, neither Toulon, nor Brest, nor Cherbourg,
nor any other of her fortified ports had been at-
tacked. Within these ports the commercial ma-
rine of France lay in safety, and immense military
material was collected, whose destruction would
have been most injurious to her. Yet, though the
English fleets were commanded by such men as
Howe, and Nelson, and Collingwood, they nev.er
once dared to make an attack upon them; but,
anxious as they were to win military laurels, had
to content themselves with blockading them.
But, says the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] this system is an ever-eating sore, for
no fortress is ever completed. Now if the gentle-
man had looked at the Engineer's report, on which
this bill is based, he would have found one fort
completed. For the first line of that report, in
speaking of Fort Wayne, says: " This fort being
finished," the money is requested for barracksfor
the accommodation of troops, not however neces-
sary, as I understand it, for the defence of the fort.
But again, it is said by that honorable gentleman,
and by others, that these fortresses have alread y cost
us twenty millions,and as yet have been productive
of no good. But let a war break out, and the pro-
tection of New York alone will save to us far more
than all our expenditure. Indeed, to say nothing
of private property, the public property alone at
any of our laiger navy stations, such as New
York and Gosport, perhaps amounts to that sum,
and a part of this property could not be replaced
in time for our wants, consisting of ship timber
which requires time to season it for use.
In these expenditures we should, it is true,
practice a wise economy. But, as neither I, nor
the committee, can know the necessity for each of
the items in this bill, all that I can do is to hold
the Administration which, asked for this expendi-
ture, and the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
sponsible for its propriety. [Here the hammer
fell ]
Loud calls for the question.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for tellers, remarking
that he wanted to make this a test question; but,
being requested to withdraw the call, lest it should
bieak up I he committee for want of a quorum, he
withdrew the call.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, insisted that
the bill be read through by items.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading.
The following being under consideration:
« Fur lepairs of Port Scaromel, Portland Harbor, Maine,
§5,01.0"—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
strike out the, item. He did so (he said) with the
view-of expressing his opinion. All these esti-
mates were based upon the report of the Engineer
Department; what it was proposed to do with the
"money the Committee of Ways and Means did not
know.' He would read what had been done last
year. (He read a list of items of expenditure.)
A few words of conversation followed between
Mr. Marshall and Mr. Thompson, the purport
of which the reporter could not gather.
Mrs THOMPSON continued. This Fort Scam-
mell (he said) had cost us probahly $64,000. What
he proposed to do was this: They must take the
bill as a whole. He would vote against striking
out any of the items; he thought these fortifica-
tions all stood on the same foundation—on what
the,Engineers said was necessary to keep them up
and in good repair.
Mr. ORR (the floor being yielded) said he un-
derstood the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to have stated that the engineers had
demanded of the committee an appropriation of
gTS.OOCf for this fortification at the mouth of the
Penobscot river; and the committee had allowed
$20,000. He 'vanted to know what rule had gov-
erned the committee.
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that he would state
that the superintendent of the work at Fort Knox
thought it would require #75,000 for the necessary
repairs, &c., of that work; but Colonel Totten had .
reduced the estimate to $20,000.
Mr. ORR. Does he give the reason ?
Mr. THOMPSON. He said they did not need
more.
He believed (he continued) that some of these
works ought to be completed. He was opposed
to abandoning the system. After they got through
the bill he should move, as a test vote, to strike
out the enacting clause. He hoped the bill would
be defeated, anu that the House would then adopt a
resolution calling on Colonel Totten for informa-
tion as to what appropriations were necessary to
complete and to preserve the works on hand—and
that such appropriations, and such only, would be
made. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MORSE obtained the floor, and renewed
the amendment.
Mr. LITX'LEFIELD suggested to the gentle-
man from Louisiana that, as the iiem to winch
this amendment was proposed was but a small
one he had better not attack it.
Mr. MORSE said, he was not going to attack it.
He had renewed the amendment for the.purpose
of expressing his views upon the general merits
of the bill,and of replying to observations which
he had heard made in various parts of the House.
If gentlemen (said Mr. M.) suppose it to be
true that we are so much moie enlightened than
formerly on the subject of defensive warfare, that
we have made such great advance in military sci-
ence, that we have arrived at such a degree of
perfection that we can dispense with our system
of fortifications, let us examine the subject as
statesmen—let us organize a committee to join
with military men in an inquiry, and to su during
the recess of Congiess, and ascertain if it be
really true that a great sea-board like ours, of about
three thousand miles in extent, can be defended
without fortifications; that this great country is so
strong in bone, muscle, and smew, that she is ca-
llable of delending hersell against all attacks of a
foreign, hostile nation, if the contingency should
ever ause of such attack being made. If it be
found that we can do without fortifications, 1 shall
be as ready as any man here to withhold fuither
appropriations for such woiks; but, until that fact
be established, 1 shall continue to vote for all ne-
cessary appropriations for the construction ol
('unifications. And 1 object to this attempt at
tripping, this cry of mad dog, this summary con-
demnation. I say, if you intend to defeat this
system of naval and military appropriations ior
defences, let it be done as a systtm—strike at the
whole system, and give us the reasons for abol-
ishing li; and then trust to the bone and smew ot
the State of Ohio that has been so much spoken
of to defend your sea-ports—-New Orleans, Phila-
delphia, Baltimoie, and the rest—against invasion.
Sir, the appropriations for ine support of the
Military Academy at West Point were always
lesisted until after the war with Great Britain.
Before that time, it was almost impossible to get
an appropiiation passed for that institution; and
it was not until then that the discovery was made
that that Academy was of essential service to the
country. And here we have the same sort of
opposition made to the appropriations for the
defences of the count!y, by men who never have
examined the subject pioperly; and who neverthe-
less set up their opinions against the opinion of
able and experienced engineers—aye, against the
opinions ot the whole scientific world. It cer-
tainly appears to me, that there is not much states-
manship manifested in such a course. I lepeat,
sir, if we can get along without the expendituie ot
this money—it the commerce of this country can
be protected without it, there is no man who will
be more willing to do away with the whole sys-
tem. But.when gentlemen get up and oppose'
particular appropriations, and talk about the bone
and sinew ot the great West being sufficient for
the country's defence, 1 would aek them how it
would be, in case a difficulty should arise between
this country and Gieat Bntain, and she should
send her two hundred armed steam-vessels upon
our coast, that coast being unpiotected by a single
fort? How would it be possible for us to save
our sea-port towns fiom destruction, with all the
accumulated wealth that they coniain?
I know that in prosecuting a foreign war our
militia are abundantly capable of doing all that is
necessary, especially against such an enemy as
Mexico; but, sir, we have .been, within the last
ten years twice on the point of collision with two
of the most formidable powers on Che fate ofihe?'
earth, England and France, and there are relation#
now existing between this country and foreign
powers which may actually produce war; and, sir, '
are our forts to be "dismantled, are nui nominal
defences to be brokeu up, are we to refuse appro" '
priations for these fortifications and for West
Point Academy—the best school for the education
of soldier!" in the world—upon the mere idea that
they are inconsistent with the progress of the afe, v
upon-the bare assertion "of gentlemen here, who,
with all deference to them be it said, have not, and1
cannot have that degree of information in regard
to military defences which the subject demands.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DUER renewed it. He renewed the amend-
ment (he said) merely to enable him to make a
suggestion which, if acted upon, he believed would -
have the effect of enabling the House to act intelli-
gently on the subject, and at the same time confi-
ning the "discussion within some reasonable limits.
There appeared to be a disposition on the part of
some gentlemen to strike out many of the items-
that were contained in the bill, whilst they admit-
ted that it contained many things which ought to
be there. He believed there were but few gentle-
men in the House who had any very intimate ac-
quaintance with the subject; and he was inclined
to think, therefore, that in attempting to improve *
the bill, by striking out particular items, they were
but acting in the dark, and doing very little  o.od.
He would suggest to gentlemen, therefore, whether
it would not be better to let the bill pass the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and then refer it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, or to a select commit-
tee, with instructions to examine into the details
and report to the Housewhat items, if any,ought "
to be repudiated, to be stricken oat, and what
items ought to be retained. He made this sug-
gestion because he believed that in this way they
would be able to procced more- rapidly arid more
intelligently. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD renewed it. He said: It has
been objected here " that many of us oppose this -
' bill indiscriminately, and that we blow nothing
' about fortifications, and how much they ought to
' cost." This may all be^very true, and yet it be
our duty to oppose it. If we do not know what
fortifications ought to cost, most of us " know
where the money comes fiom;" and we know,
also, that those who plan them, don't have much
of it to pay. We know, also, that our Govern-
ment is increasing in expenses vety rapidly, and
ihat our duty as Representatives is 10 stop it if we
c.tn, and, for one, I shall do what I can. I do
not expect to please those who conduct Govern-
ment expenditures; and can here state, that I
have never yet seen them low enough to do jus-
tice to tax-payers, or high tnough to please tax-
consumers. It therefore becomes our duty to vote
only such sums as our constituems can afford to
pay, and compel those who -administer the Gov-
ernment to divide it out among the different,
branches of service, to the best advantage for the
public interest. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed it. 1 desire (said Mr.
B.) to make a single remark in reply to the sug-
gestion of" the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Doer ] The gentleman has suggested that tlsa
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
and that it be then referred to a select committee
for the purpose of being revised. JNow, 1 beg
leave to say to the gentleman that this subject of
our national defences is one that has been exam-
ined and reexamined half a dozen times by the
ablest board of Engineers that this country could
command; and as for the idea of our undertaking
to revise it by the agency of a committee of tins
House, 1 mustwsay, with all due respect to my
friend from New Yoik, it is utterly preposterous.
There is not, I believe, tt military engineer in the
House. •
Mr. DUER. I would ask which is the most
preposterous, to let the items be examined by a '
committee with a view to ascertain which should
be. stricken out and which retained, or to under-
take to strike out in Comn ittee of the Whole,
such as may appear to different gentlemen to Le
objectionable ?
Mr.'BAYLY. That would be worse, I grant.
Mr. JONES. Will the chairman of-theOom-
mittee of Ways and Means permit roe to ask him
a question ?
