1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1,
Mr. BAYLY*. Certainly.
^ Mr. JONES. Does he believe that there is a
military engineer in the service of the United
States, who ever makes an investigation or an es-
timate with, a view to economy, or with.a View to
the interests of the people who have to pay the
money ?
J4r. BAYLY. Why, eir, I do not believe there
is an abler corps of engineers in any country in
Christendom than we have. I do not believe that
men of greater capability or greater honesty are
to be found anywhere; and as to the extravagance
of the estimate?, I beg leave to say that th^ com-
mittee have reduced the appropriations considera-
bly below the estimates submitted to them.
Mr. JONES. I will ask,then, upon what basis
the committee cut down these expenses ? Was it
upon the ground that they believed Congress
wvuld not consent tfTgive them somuch money ?
Mr. BAYLY. The Engineer Department here
thought there was no occasion foe expending so
large an amount in one year. We have already
expended upwards of twenty millions of dollars on
fortifications, and now we are about to withhold
the small sum of $739 000 that is required to
Complete the,works. Why, sir, if is like expend-
ing $50,000 m building a house, and then-saving
five hundred by leaving it without steps by which
to enter it. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. J. A. KING renewed it. He said, he could
not flgiee with the suggestion of his colleague.
He d.d not think it a safe one; he thought it would
be better to go on with the bill and perfect it as
well as they were able to do, and report it to the
House, and gentlemen could then have a test vote
upon it, if they desired it, by moving to strike out
the enacting clause. And if upon such test vote
the whole matter should beannulled, let it go, and
let the fact be understood by the country; but if,
on the other hand, the House was not yet prepared
to take upon itself the decision of so grave a ques-
tion, in which was involved the safe«y of all the
great maritime cities of this Union, they could re-
ject the motion to strike out. But the interest in
the fate of this measure was'not concentrated in
the maritime cities exclusively. In the city of
New York, for example, would be found not only
* property belonging to her own citizens, but also a
large amount of pioperty belonging to the citizens
of other cities throughout this vast country—the
property of merchants, factors, traders, and me- |
chamcs, of other cities and of other States. j
The estimated value of the whole of the prop- i
erty of the city of New York, was about three
hundred millions of dollars, of which about sev-
enty millions was personal property, that was
owned by pet sons residing elsewhere, at various
places throughout the country. The interest that
must be felt for the preservation of this property,
then, was not confined to one particular locality
For the protection of the city of New York,
theie were three or-four extensive fortifications,
one of great strength, commanding the passage of
the east river, called Fort Schuyler, and two or
three at the Narrows, and in the harbor, all of
which were essential to the protection of that great
centre of commerce, through which flowed a large
proportion of the exports of the whole country,
and of the imports from which this Government
derived us revenue in the shape of duties. Was
that House prepared to say that the defences of a
great city like that should be stricken down ? If
so, let them declare it, and take the responsibility
of the act. This Government derived through the
lesourcesof that city a vast amount of revenue;
let Congress refuse to continue the protection
afforded by these public works, and the interest of
the Government must materially suffer.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. B1SSELL renewed jr. H«e said he was
not for striking down our forts; he was not for
demolishing a single one of them; on the contra-
ry, he was for preserving them. But,at the same
time, he was opposed to this bill in toto He
could not conscientiously vote for it; he could not
expect to vote for it, and meet his constituents
•whhout receiving their condemnation.
Sir, (said Mr. B.) the startling magnitude of the
aggregate amount of the expenditures called for
this year justifies us, in'my judgment, in scruti-
nizing closely all appropriation bills that come be-
fore us The country will demand it at our hands;
and, in my judgment, there is no t?ne bill that is
likely to come before us in regard to which such
-scrutiny is more imperiously required than in re-
gard to this bill. Of the forty millions of dollars
which we are expected to vote away for the cur-
rent expenses of the Government for this vear, 1
find about three quarters of a million it,i the bill
now before us There are items in the bill which
I have no doubt deserve our favorable considera-
tion. There are appropriations asked for there
for which I have y>o doubt I would cheerfully
vote; but, sir, take them in the aggregate, take
the bill as a whole, and I cannot think of giving it
mv support.
The bill, in my opinion, is highly objectionable
in this, that it groups together some thirty-five
different objects, or rather, there are thirty-five
objects for which specific appropriations are made;
and we are'required to vote for all of these, or
else to vote against them all; and, as 1 have ju*t
said, there are some appropriations there for which
T would gladly vote, but who can fail to see that a
bill constructed like this will very possibly pass
this. House, while at the same time there is not a
sing'p item there that would command a majority
of the votes of this House?
The bill proposes to make appropriations for
the preservation, repair, and construction of cer-
tain fortifications. The preservation, repair, and
construction ! Now, sir, about $300,000 are spe-
cifically appropriated here for building and repair-
ing-, and then there are about $400 000 appropriated '
for reconstructing. For reconstructing Fort Del-
aware $50,000, Fort Monroe $20,000, for the fort
at Poller's Point $50,000, &c.; will this be ex-
pending the whole for preservation, repairs, and
construction P
IVfr. HOnSTOlNT. For reconstruction.
Mr. BTSSELL The term construction is used
in the bill, and I find but a single instance here
where the appropriation is for building, and that
is in the case of Fort Trumbull.
Mr, HOUSTON If the gentleman will refer
to the report of the Engineer Department, he will
find that it is for reconstruction.
Mr BISSELL. In that case I am equally
against it: for, in my judgment, there ought not
10 be another dollar appropriated for the building
of forts; though if there are any valuable forts that
are uncompleted, T would be in favor of appropri-
ating sufficient money to complete them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to the gentle-
man, that the §50,000 that is appropriated for the
fort in the Delaware, is for the reconstruction of a
I fort that was destroyed by accident, and that
! $50,000 has been exgended upon it during the last
1 year.
Mr. BISSELL. The fact of the fort having
been destroyed by accident does not make it an
exception to the rule that I lay down when I say
I will vote for the reconstruction of no fort.
H*3 withdrew th<  amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS renewed it. He said he bad
not sought to obtain the floor for the purpose of
demonstrating-that he understood anything about
fortifications, or the proper mode and manner of
defending the country in the event of invasion by
a foreign power. And he was inclined to the be-
! lief that there were not many men in that House
! who were so familiar with the subject as to be ca-
! pable of making the necessary investigation and
j arriving at a corrcct conclusion. If it were, true
. that the prngrpo* of the age had superseded the
; necessity for fortifications, was if not strange that
j no evidence was furnished of that fact by military
! men, who mnst necessarily have a thorough knowl-
j edge of the subject? Would it not be the proper
| course, he would ask, to permit this bill to pass,
i and then to adopt a resolution requiring the proper
j officer, the Secretary of War for instance, to pro-
j cure from the officers of the mPitarv branch of the
J public service all necessary information, and to
. communicate to us that information, in order that
j we might vote nnderstandingly upon all future bills
i of this desciiption P
i Every nation on earth, so far as" he was in -
I formed, was still going on erecting fortifications;
i but if the genius of the age would permit of dis-
pensing with them, he desired that there should be
some evidence of the fact. He was not prepared
to vote upon this bill with the information that he
had before him. In the very nature of things they
could not have the necessary knowledge of the sub-
ject What information,.he would ask, h$d any
gentleman on that iloor, beyond his own crude
ideas, as to how this Question should be decided ?
You have, said he, a Secretary of War. -It is hia
duty to look aftef that arm of our national defence,
and to recommend to Congress from time to time
what ought to be done in relation to it. ' '
Now, I expect to vote for this entire bill, and
how shall I justify myself for doing it? I regard
it as the duty of the •committee from which the bill
was reported, to make thenecessary examination.
From wh^m have the committee derived their in-
formation? From the sworn and responsible offi-
cers of this Government.
Yet we are told that now is the day and now
the hour \o revolutionize the whole system; and
have gentlemen got a particle of evidence beyond
their crude ideas on the subject? Not at all.
How is it that you are informed how to vote
upon all bills thatare laid before this House? Why,
sir, there are documents laid on your table that you
have not time to read. You ensconce yourself be-
hind the report of the committee—you depend on
the investigations made by the committee, and
you vote accordmgto their report.
Talk about perfecting this Hill by moving to
strike out five thousand dollars here and ten thou-
sand there, without the light of information to
guide yon ! Why, sir, the intention is apparent:
it is to create for yourself a little political capital to
ingratiate yourself with the unreflecting portion of
your constituency. That is the object. It is ar-
gued that because you employ steam vessels in
your navy, vou can dispense with fortifications.
If the use of stFam vessels supersedes the necessity
for many fortifications, it does not prove that you
can dispense with them all.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr KERR renewed the amendment, and re-
turned his sincere thanks to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr Williams,] for his straightfor-
ward remarks, replete with common sense, upon
the bill before the committee. Gentlemen, in the
fare of the experience of this Government and of
all civilized nations, and with the best lights of
modern science to aid and sustain the objects of the
bill, proposed to comq to a dead halt, in regard to
our military defences. We are at this day called
to forget on the moment the suggestions of that
wise and patriotic man, who in shedding unfading
lustre on his own name, advanced the glory and
renown of his country to its highest point, and to
forbear in time of peace to prepare for war. He
could hot, whatever might seem just"and-proper to
the more enlightened views of other members,
be indifferent to a subject that came directly home
to that portion of the country which he had the
honor in part to represent.
It might be unbecoming in him to refer to the
fact, which the debates of yesterday or the day
before had brought so glaringly before the com-
mittee, showing how general was the want of
that accurate knowledge so necessary hefore one
ought to attempt the task of setting aside special
items of appropriation, proposed with all the usual
legislative guapds against extravagance. He meant
no disrespect to agentleman from Indiana, who had
made ^o strong an argument against the needful
item for Soller's Point Flnts, on the supposition
that the point so designated in the neighborhood
of Baltimore, was the site of Fort McHenry, and
th«t no new defences were now^ needed there.
This gentleman had doubtless seen service, his
remarks showing that he was able to form a cor-
rect opinion as to the defences known to modern
warfare, and his endorsement of Fort iVTcHenry in
its present condition, without further appropria-
tion, as a sufficient stronghold, was therefore^grat-
ifying. But if he had gone further into the subject
of the necessary defence for the city of Baltimore,
he would have been the last to object to the sum
for Soller's Point, now in progress. ^
Mr. K„could not pretend to  ny military science,
nor would he attempt to''speak with confidence
unon the propriety of this or that item in the
bill. He would only beg gentlemen from the in-
terior to remember, that the sea-board was pecu-
liarly exposed in case of sudden and unexpected
declarations of war against us. The very facili-
ties to which gentlemen had alluded, as showing
the futility of a system of fortifications, made
such a system the more necessary. In ah in-
credibly short period of time a hostile force,
with the aid of this steam power, so potent for
defence, would be in our midst. The easy task
of preparation was for those in the interior;
while euch a State as Maryland, from her gco-
