1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
I should not see them, they invariably take occa-
sion in these precious instances of traduction to
send their papers to me. I wish the honorable
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] could
have an opportunity of seeing some of them.
Mr. CASS. 1 can give the honorable Senator
from Mississippi a bushel of them, if he will take
the pains to read them; and I must say that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky is about the best-
abused man in all this Union, with perhaps but
one exception. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. Now, sir, when I brought for-
ward this proposition of mine, which is embraced
in these resolutions, I intended, so help me God,
to propose a plan of doing equal and impartial
justice to the South and to the North, so far as I
could comprehend it; and I think it does yet. But
how has this effort been received by the ultraists?
Why, at the North they cry out—and it is not
that paper alone to which the honorable Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] refers, but many other
papers also—they ail cry out, " It is all concession
to the South." And, sir, what is the language in
the South ? They say, " It is all concession to the
North.And I assure you, Mr. President, it has
reconciled me very much to my poor efforts, to find
that ihe ultraists, on the one hand and on the other,
equally traduce the scheme I propose for conceding
everything to their opponents.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi says I
have not spoken in such fervent language, on this
occasion, as 1 did eleven years ago. Sir, I think I
have employed as strong language as was suited to
the occasion, and the office I am endeavoung to
perfoim to both sections of the Union. Did I fail
to reproach the North with a violation of consti-
tutional duty with regard to fugitive slaves? Did
I fail to go as far—further, perhaps, than any
other Senator on this floor—to reproach her also,
or to remind her, that this feeling was with her a
sentiment of philanthropy and humanity only,
while with us it was a feeling which involved the
safety of our property, a question of life and death?
But, sir, I will not take up the time of the Senate
in further discussing this matter. The resolutions,
and the speech with which I supported them, are
both before the country, and of them the country
must judge. But, sir, 1 would ask the honorable
Senator from Mississippi if he is conscious of the
language which he used? He said, if I under-
stood him aright, that when I addressed the Sen-
ate oji a former occasion, instead of adhering to
the interests of the South, I had gone over to the
ranks of the enemy. Enemies ! Where have we
enemies in this happy and glorious Confederacy ?
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator from
Kentucky allow me to interrupt him for one in-
stant ?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. I certainly did not use such lan-
guage; and I will say further, that if I had done
so, it would have been grossly discourteous.
What I said was, that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky had used language which was highly
calculated to give moral aid and encouragement to
our adversaries.
Mr. CLAY. Well, sir, I am bound to take the
language as he says he used it, but I certainly did
understand him, on one occasion, to say so; and
I believe it was so understood by all around us.
I dare say it was not intended. I meiely meant
to say that 1 know no foes, no enemies, no oppo-
nents, either at the North or at the South. I con-
sider us all as one family, all as fiiends, all as
brethren. I consider us all as united in one com-
mon destinv; and those efforts which I shall con-
tinue to employ will be to keep us together as one
family, in concord and harmony; and above all, to
avoid that direful day when one part of the Union
can speak of the other as an enemy.
Mr. FOOTE. I must honestly declare that 1
will hold no alliance with Abolitionists with the
men who meet at Faneuil Hall and adopt resolu-
tions for the purpose of setting southern slaves at
liberty I do not recognize them as my brethren
or as fellow-citizens. I look upon them as incen-
diaries, as unprincipled men, and as being only
worthy of our reproach. While I am on the floor,
I will say, that I have no doubt the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky has been denounced by the
northern press; but, with the exception ot the
Garrison presses, and those of a similar character,
I think the denunciations chiefly come from the
sound Democratic press of the North, on account
of his yielding too much to our abolition enemies.
The organ of the honorable Senator from New
York is full of plaudits and commendations. I said
that the moral influence used by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky was operating against the
interests of the South, without his intending to
produce the mischievous effects which are now
arising from it. Sir, it is a fact connected with
the history of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, that when the emancipationists of his State
commenced their severe struggle,which was not un-
maiked with scenes of blood—I repeat it, sir, not
unmarked with scenes of blood—they sent out a
large number of printed documents for the purpose
of upholding their cause, and among them was a
speech of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
which was circulated in large numbers throughout
the country free of all charge. The honorable Sen-
ator puts himself to great, and, as I think, very
unnecessary trouble to state, and to continue sta-
ting, that, he will submit to no menace—that lie
will yield to no threat. I have not menaced the
honorable Senator; I have not threatened him.
Mr. CLAY. Oh no; I did not say so.
Mr. FOOTE. That being understood, I will
say no more.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a few remarks
upon this subject; and I think a regard to histori-
cal truth requires that I should notice one remark
that fell from the honorabls Senator from Ken-
tucky. He emphatically said, and repeated it more
than once, that California having been abandoned
to anarchy by Congress, it becomes the duty of
Congress at this time to adopt her, with all the
irregularities and the circumstance of usurpation
attached to her, into this Union, under what he
calls a waiver of mere technicalities. Now, 1 put
a question which 1 wish to go out with this de-
bate. Who abandoned her? What portion of
this Confederacy abandoned her? What mem-
bers of this body refused to give her a govern-
ment—sush a government as has been given to
other Territories? When a bill was introduced
here to provide that she should have a governor
and judges, and a right to elect legislative councils,
by whose votes was that bill defeated ? By north-
ern votes; and, I believe, by northern votes exclu-
sively. When a compromise—known as the
Clayton compromise—was introduced here, under
circumstances which ought to have given to it a
high consideration, by whose votes was that com-
promise defeated ? By northern votes; and, I be-
lieve, by northern votes exclusively. Sir, when
a gentleman offered—under what is known as the
Walker amendment—to extend to that Territory
the Constitution, and such of the _ fundamental
laws as were applicable to the condition of Cali-
fornia, who refused to give that measure their
sanction ? It was rejected by northern votes, and
northern votes exclusively. When I say "ex-
clusively by northern votes," I mean that there
were no southern votes on this floor against the
measure before indicated; and justice requires me
to say that there were some, but a few, honorable
exceptions in the North. The Senator when ce
speaks of the inhabitants of that Territory being
abandoned, must take it with this understanding,
that southern people have heretofore been in .avor
of all the honorable compromises that have been
proposed throughout this controversy, and they
were spurned under circumstances enough at least
to mortify the pride of any people who have a
just appreciation of their rights; and yet they are
now reproached for their ultraistn I
Mr. DICKINSON. I understand the honorable
Senator from South Carolina to say that the com-
promise was defeated by northern votes exclu-
sively. I wish to say that a motion to lay it upon
the table was made by a member from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] in the other House. _
Mr. BUTLER. I was speaking of this body.
Mr. CLAY. I did not go into the question to
say who is to blame for the condition in which
California has been left. I did not go into that.
Very likely my friend from South Carolina may
be right in charging the blame upon the section
which he has. But whether it be the North or
the South who is in fault, the fact was what I
have stated; and that fact was the abandonment.
Mr. BUTLER. I hut wished to give the true
complexion of the history of the time. And what
does the North do now"? Why, she wishes to
take advantage of her own wrong. After Cali-
fornia has given her security for the Wilinot pro-
viso, she is willing to adopt California, and not
before. She is willing to waive all objections of
constitutional considerations, and to adopt a usur-
pation. But, sir, I remember the debates that
took place upon this floor too well during the con-
sideration of that treaty, and^the exciting discus*
sions which took place afterwards; and I marked
those who denounced California most, and who in-
dicated the remotest period when she should come
into this Union. Such suggestions mainly cama
fiom northern gentlemen, and were acquiesced in
by some of the southern Senators. Now, they
overlook all such considerations, and are recon-
ciled now to what then would have been consid-
ered a violation of the Constitution. A people, of
all others, whose situation requires to be assim-
ilated to Anglo-Saxon institution, aliens, and
strangers, are to be paid, because they have ac-
commodated themselves under a duresse of seventy
votes, to take this Constitution; for, my wordupon
it, if they had come here without that article ex-
cluding slavery, you would have found northern
Senators denouncing the whole proceeding as mon-
strous and offensive. A free constitution without
prohibition would have been opposed as yield-
ing to the South too much. I must be per-
mitted to say, that while the honorable Senator
from Kentucky may not have intended his prop-
osition to have been a compromise, with a view
to accommodate northern sentiment, it has had >
that effect, and has been adopted at the North,
with remaikable unanimity, as the basis of the finpl
settlement of the slavery question; and well it may.
His resolutions assert, what cannot be denied to
the South, and recognize all that tile North ever
contended for. Under such circumstances, the
one may well be quiet, while the other cannot and
ought not to deserve reproach for manifesting a
natural sensibility under an exhausted patience.
Southern gentlemen have spoken freely, and will
continue so to speak. "Those that have ears to
hear, let them hear." Let not such trust to the
deaf and the blind who cannot see the destiny be-
fore them. The resolutions referred to are not
adapted to the danger of the crisis. I contend that
the course of northern politicians left California to
struggle for herself; and now that California, like
a tired seaman, has reached the bank, these politi-
cians have held out the hand of patronage. Such
a tortuous and contradictory course may be sus-
tained by the power of a majority, but should de-
rive no sanction from justice and honor. 1 would
not use the language ot irritation or exasperation,
for it can exert no good influence, in any aspect of
the subject; but it may be surely allowable to use
language that may repel reproach; and when it is
the language of truth, let it strike those who de-
serve it. It is not using terms too strong to say
that political majorities have no other law, in effect,
but that of selfish expediency; and it is under that
law that usurpation finds a sanction; and it is un-
der the same law that one portion of this Confed-
eracy has become unjust antagonists to another.*
If the stronger party give character to the history
of this contest, it will be by throwing odium on
the weaker party. Their very complaints will be
taunted as unworthy. It seems to me that there
is a disposition- to fix the fault on them for the
consequences growing out of the acts of others.
Those who speak for the North in language of
extenuation have the press to sustain them and to
misrepresent the motives of the oiher party. What
man who stands up for the rights of the South is
praised in any newspaper notth of Mason and
Dixon's line? ' Not even in Washington have they
the support of the press. When the usurpation of
the inhabitants is spoken of and exposed, it, is
said that we interpose technical objections. To
insist that it is the province of Congress to take
the census, to assign boundaries, and to organize
agovernmentunderwhich the people of California,
like the inhabitants of other territories, might
claim a right to be admitted into the Union, we are
repioached of ai ailing ourselves of narrow techni-
calities. It is in the power of a mere majority to
make any provision of the Constitution a mere
technicality. All impediments m the way^ of
power may be looked on as feeble technicalities.
Sir there is a fascination in success that will de-
lude sometimes the strongest minds Here Cali-
fornia is presented before us as a young State, in-
vested with all the interests of succc.ss m forming
her own constitution; and when it is replied that it
is by usurpation and a breach in the Constitution
