1500
THE congressional GLO#E.
Aug. 1,
gahd dollars. The aggregate amount of.all the ap-
propriation bills is thirty-seven millions of dollars,
so that if We proceed with the other hills with the
same degree of dispatch, it is an arithmetical prop-
osition, that it Will take us two hundred days to
get through them. I hope we shall pass the bill
at once.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the appropria-
tion for Fort Warren, Boston harbor.
Mr. J. said, he thought it important not only
that this item, but that'other items in the bill
should be stricken" out. When the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means was giving
some explanation of this bill, and of the various^
appropriations it'contained, he said that the en-
gineers were able and competent officers, and that
these appropriations were based upon their esti-
mates. That they were competent and skilled in
their business, be (Mr. J.) did not deny; but they
had no sympathy in common with the t&x-pay-.
ers the county. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had said, that the com-
mittee cut down the estimates.
The CHAIRMAN interposed to order.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. JONES then proceeded. He argued that
these items ought to be stricken out, in view of
the interests of tl^ tax-payers of the country. The
estimates, he believed, were made without nny
particular regard to the public interests, by officers
who looked to grandeur and magnificence, rather
than to the public welfare.
Mr. BURT moved to strike out the appropriation
of $.35,000 for Fort Adams, Newport, Rhode Isl-
and , and permanent quarters and barracks thereat.
Mr. B. said, that when he was previously on
the floor, he had declared that he was not opposed
to th& system of fortifications, indicating that he
believed it to be the true policy of the country.-
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] had said that our
•. present system of fortifications wps designed by
Geneial Bernard, and that he [Mr. Bayly] op-
posed the authority of that General to his (Mr.
jB's ) He would leave ft to the honorable gen-
tleman to determine whether this remark was
courteous" or polite. But if he (Mr. B ) under-
stood what General Bernard recommended 
Mr. JONES interposed to order.
And some conversation fallowed.
Mr. BURT continued. He did not profess (he
"said) to have any great knowledge of engineering.
He believed he was gs ignorant of it as the gentle-
man from Virginia; and he (Mr. B.) did not
think that it was a matter in respect to which either
of them had much to brae 
The CHAIR interposed to order.
Mr. BURT said, he could assure the Chair that
he had his eye'more distinctly on the point than
the Chair had.
Mr. B. theo proceeded to explain that his ob-
jection to the appropriation in the item which he
had moved to strike out was, that the money was
appropriated for a fort, for quarters for officers,
and for barracks for the troops—three objects—
at the discretion of the Corps of Engineers, lie
was opposed to this sort of indefinite appropria-
tion for a multiplicity of objects, when the whole
sum might be applied exclusively to one of them;
and his objection was not answered when he was
told that the appropriation was recommended .by
the engineer. He (Mr, B ) thought as highly
of General Totten as any man in the United
States; he 'thought he was superior to General
Bernard, and that there was not no-w in Europe
any mon superior to him. He (Mr. B.) was
sure that no one who knew htm, would suspect
him of prejudice against the army of the United
S'ases. He had, however, stated his objection,
and he begged the committee to remember that in
time of peace there never was more than a corn-
puny in these fortifications, nor more men than
were requisite to preserve the public property.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed the amendment. He
said, in reference to his politeness, he thought the
committee would bear him testimony that the gen-
tleman from South Carolina had not only gotten
up with him, but had exceeded him; fcr the gen-
tleman, not satisfied with applying his courtesy to
hirn, (Mr. Bayly,) had extendedit to the Chair,
also. In this respect he thought the gentleman
had the advantage of him, which he conceded to the
gentleman with great pleasure.
In reference to Port Adams, the gentleman com-
plained that it was an appropriation in the lump.
So it was in the bill; but the report showed the
items. (He read the items.) It was impossible
forthte Committee of Waysand Means, in framing
any?of their bills, to put in all the specific objects of
the appropriations; if they .were to do so, they
would require a messenger to bring in the bills
from the committee room, as they would fill Several
quarto volumes.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island, renewed it and
said, this item comes before us sustained by
the same recommendation which has been given
by the Engineer Department to the previous items
in this bill, and in accordance with which we have,
to this point,^acted. That recommendation is the
best reason which can be urged for our approval
of the details of this bill. It is impossible that
this House can be otherwise informed of the par-
ticular condition and comparative requirements of
any of these works. For all such information we
must rely upon the department which is intrusted
with the oversight of the system of public defence
which has been established. On all points respect-
ing the application of this system—the position of
your fortifications; their mode of construction;
their advance, with greater or less rapidity, to-
wards completion; the appendages that are neces-
sary for making them answer their object; in fine,
for all matters relating to details, that department
must be not only the best judge, but the only
competent judge. I agree, that on the question of
a general system of fortifications, or general de-
fence, this House is bound to inform itself, and is
capable of so doing; but even then it will do it by
recourse to those who have made the subject their
profession and the study of their lives.
- But having agreed upon, and proposing to con-
tinue in operation, a system ofTortifications which
will give to our country the same means of defence
which has been resorted to by military men as a
defence for the other countries of the world, on all
matters of detail relating to the position, construc-
tion, and progress of the work, we must be guided,
in a great measure, by the recommendation of the
scientific corps, to whom these works are confided,
and who alone are informed of their particular
condition. In regard to the specific objects for
which this appropriation is intended, the erection
of barracks and hospital, and the completion of
the wharf at Fort Adams, I can express my opin-
ion, from my knowledge of the works, that they
are justly required, and that the expenditure will
be a reasonable and proper one. The wharf is
partly erected, and its completion is very import-
ant. Complaints have been frequently made by
those stationed theje of the want of barracks and
hospital; arid I believe the surgeon of the post has
recommended their speedy erection. But I would
not ask this House to sustain this appropriation
on my recommendation. No member can be ex-
pected to be informed in these matters so as to
justify the House to act upon his opinion. I
simply ask you to act on the recommendation of
the proper department of this Government, and of
your own committee. In answer to the statement
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,]
that the erection of barracks is unnecessary, be-
cause only one company is stationed thfcre, I can
say that three,"and I believe four companies, have
been stationed there at one time, a portion of
whom were withdrawn, to answer extraordinary
exigencies in other paits of the country; and I
believe it is intended ordinarily, when the barracks
shall be completed, to retain there at least the
number of companies I have mentioned.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The following item being under consideration:
"For rrpairs at Fort Wood, and Sea-watl, permanent
wha  f, and hospital, BedJoe's Island, New York, $25,000,"—
Mr. JONES moved to reduce the amount to
#10,000
He said, by the appropriation bill of the last
session only $15,000 was appropriated for this
work; the amount asked was now increased to
$25s000, as he was informed, without any good
reason.
He withdrew the amendment, at the request of
Mr. Gorman-.
, Mr. GORMAN renewed the amendment. He
said, he would not detain the committee, ex-
cept for one single practical remaik, which he
.asked their indulgence to make. He hoped that
the bill might be. read through, and tsken into the
House, where they could call the yeas and nays.
If he did- not know that the previous question
would be called as soon as they got into the House,
and they he compelled to Vote upon the whole bill
as it stood, not one w-ord would have escaped his
lips, for he spoke with as mtich reluctance as any
other member. But he had a little knowledge of
fortifications, obtained in an humble way. Now,
sthere was appropriated for this work last year
$6,000 
Mr. JONES explained, that thai was the balance
remaining unexpended at a certain period, which it
was estimated wotild be necessary during the year,
and said that the whole appropriation Wafc $15,000 
Mr. GORMAN (resuming) said, supposing it
was $15,000; they were now asked to appropriate
§25,000. Three thousand dollars were last year
appropriated for Fort Schuyler; §15,000 wpre
a^ked this year; and many other of the appropiia-
tions for these fortifications were increased fifty
per cent. He would read a table showing the
amounts for several of these fortifications appro-
priated last year and asked for this year:
Last Ymr. ThU
Detroit $20,003 $15 00)
Lak<> Champhin .'  20 00")  15,000
PfMiob-eor  20.000  20 two
Fort Sfammcl  5.000   5,0^0
Governor's Island  10 000  10 00'J
Fort-Warren  30 000  30 (KK)
FortAdam*  40.000  30.000
Fort Wood   15 000  20 000
Fort Richmond  30,0(0  60 00T
Fori'Delaware  50,000  50,000
It would be seen (he said) that this bleeding of
the Treasury increased from year to year.
In one instance afrappropriation of $15,000 had
been made last year to build hospital and quarters
for the men and officers, and $15,000 additional
were now asked. He appealed to the candor of
gentlemen, if it required §15,000 each year to make
officers' quarters and hospital at one point
In this bill there were some twenty-eight differ-
ent appropriations for the Representatives on the
sea-board. He wondered if this was got up as a
kind of omnibus bill?
There was an appropriation for the Northwest,
it was true. If he was satisfied with taking his
share of the spoils, of course he should vote for it j
but was it to be exnected that he should vote
§20 000 this year, $40,000 next year, and So on',
year after year ?
The amount asked by the Engineer Department
for Fort Schuyler was $45,000: the Secretary of
War had reduced the amount to $15,000. Had
not the House of Representatives also the right to
exercise their discretion in reductions? In another
instance—Fort Knox, the engineers asked §75,000;
and the Secretary of War reduced it to §25,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means had reduced
the items in various instjyices.
He was in favor of withholding the appropria-
tion altogether in many cases; and in the few cases
where something was necessary, he thought the
amounts might be greatly reduced, without injury
to the public service, if proper economy were ex-
ercised in the expenditure of the money.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The following'items being under consideration:
For repair* of Fort Hamilton, and for a permanent wharf
thereat, Nhw Yoik harbor, $20 OfO.
" For Fort Richmond, on Stated Island, $50,000,—"
Mr. JONES moved to amend by striking out
these items.
He said that the appropriation for Fort Hamil-
ton was last year $10,000, that now proposed was
§20,000; for Fort Richmond last year $30,000, now
proposed $60,000. This increase was made with-
out any specific reason, except, he supposed, that
they wanted to expend the money in those quarters.
A Voice. That's it.
There was $40,000 increase in the proposed ap-
propriations in New York harbor over the appro-
priations of last year. He hoped the items would
be stricken out.
The question was taken, and
The amendment was rejected.
The following item being under consideration:
"For Fort on Seller's Point Fiats, Baltimore harbor,
$50,000,"—
Mr.'-JONES moved to reduce the amount to
§40,000. _
The question was taken, and the amendment
rejected.
