406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
that she has made her way to our doors for ad-
mission, we are told that we should overlook these
things as pardonable irregularities—that broad
views of nolicy alone should regulate our conduct.
The provisions of the Constitution are to be over-
leaped, under the suggestions of a broad and lib-
eral policy. I sinccreiy wish that California had
been put under a territorial government. I do not
say that under such a government she could now
have claim to he admitted; but I do not know that
her acts of self-government should place her in a
better situation than she would have been under a
territorial government. If she has been aban-
doned heretofore, it has been by those who re-
fused to extend to her the Constitution of the
United States and other fundamental laws. I
have always been willing to give this protec-
tion; but it has been heretofore refused, fur
fear of giving the South some advantage in
the issue.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the farther con-
sideration of the subject be postponed till Monday
next.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise, Mr. President,
to defend myself as a northern man from the ac-
cusations of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler.] X have to say that, as a northern
man, or rather as a Senator from a free State, J
have invariably voted, without flinching or hesi-
tation, for every proposition that has shown itself
within these wal's having for its object govern- >j
ment and law for the people of California. I
voted, with but five others, for the bill so ably and
zealously urged by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell.] I voted with and sustained my
friend and neighbor from Illinois [Mr. Dohglas] in
his almost superhuman efforts at the last session
to give government, whether State, Territorial, or
Executive, to our meritorious, but much neglect-
ed fellow-citizens on the Pacific coast. I stood up
and voted for the amendment of myfiietid from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] long after the eleventh
or twelfth hour, on the rn^ht of the 3d of March
last, by ,which the regis of our constitution and
laws was to he extended to the people of Califor-
nia. The gentleman from South Carolina, and
those who act with him, were then willing to en-
trust the President with the power to appoint all
officers, of every name and grade, in and over
California. No fear of military power or Execu-
tive usurpation then troubled him or them; but
now the President is assailed in no very measured
terms for his conduct in reference to Cahfoi nia.
Now, sir, when the sovereign peopic have acted,
and have prohibited slavciy in their constitution, |!
their admission, as a State into this (Jnion, is to be H
opposed on the grounds that improper mfluencfs jj
have been brought to bear upon them to cifert this .!
result. 1 :
The mirsion to California of Hon. T. Butler
King, of Georgia, figures largely in thisdiscux- '
sion, and other matters a'-e lugged in, to try and
show that the people of California have formed ;
their government under some sort of miliary du- j
rcss. Sir, it is a <?mvo accusation, and those who i
make or hint it, if they believe u >o be true, ousht '
immediately to move an impeachment of Zac'nary j
Taylor in the House of Representatives; and as a j
majority of that body and this are opposed to him j
politicly, there would be no reason to apprehend j
that he would be treated with undue leniency. The ;
charge is a criminal one, and if made, should be ,
boldly made and accompanied by action in the ri^ht 1
quarter. 1 do not believe it. I do not think that any 1
power short of God could influence, by dictation, i
such u community as that constitutiwg amajouty of !
the j.eoj.ie of California. I have not a shadow of i
tli.tr the constitution which they have pre- ]
senic-.j is Their own spontaneous work, the em- :
boiimv-nt of their own sovereign will. Sir, as a
frie?>d to the whole Union, or.d the Constitution in '
ail l-r i ill's, i deeply je^ret the course taken by j
the i.i to the admission of Califor-
nia. Ivuv th:U t!ie rnp.-tion of slavery been 1
deriVi v.vn«n 1;<" innKe by that from1
w H .'i, "Mil -r or; r^mi vC '-rovernment, i/ie-e is no
app'.-J, section of t««e Union ought, in my !'
humble judgment, to acquiesce. !■
ivlr. President, if I know the sentiments of the !j
State v.hich I :n port joniose; f, and nv o'-vn. I mn :[
quite certain that we are not f jwticol on tiu*s vexed
question of slavery; that we °re not for i/i {'ringing 'I
upon the rignts n\ she people 'ifanv of the States. b
Sir, as a middle man, standing as L thought be- li
tween the extremes of the Union, as one who,
although opposed to slavery,has heretofore always
opposed the miscalled Wilmot proviso, I have
anxiously hoped that some fair settlement or com-
promise of this matter might be-agreed upon. I
have therefore looked with favor upon the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky, and have
hoped that they might form the basis of some
happy measure that would restore good feeling in
Congress, and enable us to transact the important
business affairs of the people for which we were
sent here. Sir, I do not, I cannot regard the ad-
mission of California as a triumph over any sec-
tion of the Union, nor do I think it should be so
esteemed by any one. Why, sir, upon almost
every question of governmental policy—barring
the question of slavery—which divides the people
of this country, South Carolina and Iowa agree.
Y/e certainly do upon the great questions of tariff
taxation, the currcncy and others. And, so help
me God, if the people of California had sent their
constitution here without anything said in it about
slavery, I should have voted for it, if it had been
the last act of my life. I have ever believed that
they had the right to decide this question of slavery
for themselves, and 1 believe they have decided it
in accordance with the public and almost universal
sentiment among them. Above all, I believe the
men whom they have sent here will adhere to the
compromises of the Constitution, and will vote so as
to save the Union from the hand of incendiarism.
I know those gentlemen. I welcome them with the
right hand of friendship, because 1 believe they are
patriots, true Americans, and devoted to the union
of these States. Why, Mr. President, I am utter-
ly lost in amazement when I hear gentlemen get
up here and declare that the South has been ex-
cluded from all participation or influence in the
formation of the government of California. No,
sir, no; she-has not. I ask the gentleman if South
Carolina h;is not been favored and honoicd by the
people of this young State? She has, sir, hon-
ored a cherished son of hers, and one for whom
she has shown her regard in time past—John C*
Fremont, a man who, though young in years,
and unaided by adventitious circumstances, has
earned for himself, by his talents, by his une-
qualled enterprise, by his courage and conduct
under the severest trials to which human nature
can be subjected, a reputation wide as the re-
public of letters. His colleague, Dr. William
M. Gwin, from Mississippi,is a gentleman of ac-
knowledged talents, who if moie distinguished
for one political tenet than another, during his
many years of active participation in the politics
•if the State whence he emigrated, it was for his
devotion to the doctrines and opinions of the dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun.] Governor Burnett, whose recent no-
ble message reflects so much honor both upon
himself and the people by whom he was elevated
to his present high position, was an emigrant
from Missouri, and a native of Tennessee, where,
and in North Carolina, his ancestors have proba-
bly been patriarchal slave-owners ever Since ne-
groes were brought to this continent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And the Secretary of State
is a No, I learn, from a slave State.
Mr. DODGE. Yes, and I have been told a
lar^e majority of their officers. Sir, I am consoled
with the sincere belief that when 1 vote to admit
California I am strengthening the bonds of the
Union; that her representatives will be conserva-
tive in everything that relates to the preservation
of our present happy form of government. They
are as good men, and perhaps more deserving, than
many who now hold seats in the other, or even in
this branch of Congress. I look for good service
and harmonious cooperation from them in the set-
tlement of all our difficulties.
Mr. BUTLER. I only stated that when I
spoke of its havmg been defeated by the northern
votes, I spoke of the territorial bill. I must say
that the honorable Senator from Iowa cyme into ;
the measure. When J spoke of its being defeated, !
I said S1 mainly by the North," because there were j
exceptions. They were defeated by a prepo-ider- 1
ance on that side. That was enough for*me; at !
least the votes were that way. Then, with le- !
g-\rd to another remark, it is scarcely necessary :
that I should say anything; for I paid a compli i
nient to those gentlemen the other day, that, so
far as their personal character is concerned, I can
rely upon them perfectly.
Mr. HALE. I rise at this stage of the pro-
ceedings, not for the purpose of occupying the
attention of the Senate, but to answer a question
which has been a.iked by the Senator from South
Carolina. He says he wants the question to go
out with this debate, and 1 want the answer ro go
out also. He says that we defeated the admission
of California last session of Congress. Now, the
answer that I want to go out with this question is,
that during both sessions of the last Congress the
House of Representatives passed bills providing a
territorial government for the people of California,
both of which were defeated upon this floor, be-
cause the Senate would not consent to have any
territorial government m California, unless it left
open the door to slavery. That is the history of
it. I am not 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire allow me to remind him that he is
deeply wronging his friend from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] who notoriously claimed, m a certain
letter of his, sometime ago commented upon here,
that he alone defeated the measure in question, and
that before he had gained a seat among us?
Mr. HALE. I do not know to whom the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi alludes; at any
rate, I leave my friend to take care of himself, and
the truth of history to take care of itself.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator give
way for a moment.
Mr. HALE. No, I cannot give way. Before
I sit down I want to say one word to the honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi. I do say that i join
the honorable Senator from Kentucky jn protest-
ing most earnestly 
Mr. FOOTE. Do you join him ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, I join him in this matter;
and that is, in protesting most earnestly against
these inferences being drawn from the social inter-
course which may take place here, because, being
of asocial temperament myself, and somewhat in
the habit of talking to my neighbors around me,
if such a rule as this is to be adopted, 1 shall my-
self be suspected of fanaticism. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I will only make
a single remark. I differ with the honorable Sen-
ator who has just addressed the Chair. I care not
who may watch my movements; I care not who
watches everything 1 do; for, having "mens
conscict sibi recti," I shall fee 1 perfectly indifferent
to all wrong interpretations. I am not surprised,
though, that the honorable Senator should dislike
to be watched; but I intend to watch him notwith-
standing. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN then moved that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
Monday next.
The question being taken, it was decided m the
affirmative.
Mr. DICKINSON I will make one remark,
which I think will, be agreeable to both sides of
the house. I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 21, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BURT rose and addressed a remark to the
Speaker, of which the reporter scarcely heard a
woid; 'out its purport was understood to be, that
yesterday a number of reports from committees
were prevented from being received by a motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. He now
rose to insist on the legular order of business.
The SPEAKER thereupon proceeded to call the
committees for
REPORTS.
On motion by Mr. SAWTELLE, the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Chums was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of sun-
dry citizens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylva-
nia, for the relief of the surviving officers and sol-
diers of the late war with Great Britain, and it
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. S., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideiation of the
petition of Susan Yarn, the widow of John Yarn,
and it was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions
On motion by Mr. S., the same committee was
