1850.
T E CONGRESSIONAL, 'GLOB®.
m
discharged from the memorial of the legal repre-
sentative of John Jackson,and it was inferred to
ih$CommUtpe on Naval Affairs. " -1
Mr. Goooenow, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bffS for the relief of
the heirs of Joshua Eddy, deceased, which was
read twtce by its' title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole,^nd made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and the bill, and report ac-
companying, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. GOODENGW, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Joseph Carter, for a pension for his services
during the revolutionary war, and it was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BUTLER,of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported the fol-
lowing' bills; which were severally read twice by
their titles referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow, viz;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkm
Smith; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Marcus Spauldin^; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed,
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill to authorize certain
persons entitled to bounty land to dispose of the
same by testanveirt.
The bill having; been read twice by its title—
Mr. MORSE asked that it be put upon its third
reading.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. MORSE urged at some length the propri-
ety of passing this act, inasmuch as there were
now before the Committee on Private Land Claims
a large number of cases, wherein persons entitled
to bounty lands, having jio forced heirs within the
meaning of the act, have disposed of their land by
testament, and he desired an expression of the
sense of the House upon the principle.
If the House would pass the bill, it would re-
lieve the-committee from much labor and investi-
gation, and, by adopting the principle, it would en-
able the Commissioner of the Land Office to apply
ihe law to the particular cases. When the bill for
raising the additional military force was undergo-
ing discussion, it was then urged that the soldiers
should have the right to dispose of their land; but
it was thought at that time that it would he best to
prohibit them from disposing of it, lest they might
fall victims to the rapacity of sharpers who would
prey upon their appetites and their necessities.
if there was any force in the argument at that
time, it has ceased to exist at the present time.
Probably before this, all those heirs of soldiers
have received the land, and it is now the desire of
the committee to enabie the soldiers who have re-
ceived kindnesses from strangers to pay not only
a debt of gratitude, but a real debt. The first sec-
tion of this bill enables the soldiers to dispose of,
for the future, the bounty land to which they are
entitled. The second section provides that where
this bounty land has been disposed of by testa-
ment, the disposition shall be held a good and a
valid transfer of said land, any act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
This bill does not call for any appropriation
from the Treasury, but only changes the mode
of disposing of the land, and he trusted that the
House would not commit the bill, but pass it now.
Mr. BURT expressed his regret that he felt
himself obliged to oppose the motion made by his
honorable fxtend from Louisiana—and his opinion
that the reasons assigned by the gentleman for that
motion were insufficient. Our laws bestowing
bounty lands upon the lineal descendants of sol-
diers, went one step further than his friend from
Louisiana supposed, and gave the right to bounty
lands to the father, mother, brothers and sisters of
the deceased soldier. He well remembered that
when the act was under consideration in this
House, it was the policy of Congress not to per-
mit those who stood in a more remote degree of
relationship to the soldier to take the bounty pro-
vided for him by this Government. It must be
obvious to the House, that this bill, if it became a
law, would totally repeal these humane and benev-
olent provisions of Jaw which gi^es bounty lands
to an aged mother or an aged father, a sister or a
brother—to those for whom the soldier was under
some obligation to provide; and it would enable
the soldier, at his caprice, to deprive these near
relatives of the bounty which it had been the pol-
icy of our laws to give them in case of the decease
of (he soldier himself.
He submitted that if there was great merit in
some of the cases referred to by the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] these cases had
better he presented to the House upon their par-
ticular merits and become the subject of special
legislation.
He concluded by moving to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state pf the
Union.
Mr. CARTER inquired if the bill was suscepti-
ble to amendment at this time?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time—pending
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER appealed to Mr. Burt to with-
draw his motion to refer, to enable him [Mr. C.]
to move an amendment, pledging himself to re-
new the motion.
Mr. BURT accordingly withdrew the motion.
Mr. CARTER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting before the word "testament" the words
" the last will and."
He very briefly explained that the object of his
amendment was to confine the transfer by the sol-
dier to his expiring act and to prevent the repeal,
which the bill as it now stood would effect, of for-
mer provisions of law preventing the plundering
of the soldier.
He renewed the motion to refer the bill^to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. VINTON inquired of Mr. M ouse, whether
the bill was confined to those cases where the sol-
dier had no heirs?
Mr. MORSE replied that it was not; and briefly
referred to and explained the provisions of the bill
Mr. VINTON said, he was not prepared to say
he would vote against the bill; hut he thought it
ought not to be acted upon by the House without
deliberation. He hoped, therefore, that it would
take the direction proposed by the gentleman from
1 South Carolina, and go to the Committee of the
1 Whole on the state of the Union; and that when
J they came to act upon it it would be fully dis-
| cussed.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said that, as a mem
i ber of the Committee on Private Land Claims, he
wished to say a few words in favor of the passage
of this bill. There aie numerous cases before the
committee, wherein it is shown that soldiers, bro-
ken down by disease or crippled by wounds, have
returned from Mexico, and have been humanely
and carefully nursed by friends, and even stran-
gers, and who have finally died of disease there
contracted, or wounds received, and who before
their death, supposing they had a right so to do,
have devised their right and title to their bounty
lands to those who had been their nurses and
guardians m their last sickness. Some of them,
at the time of their death, had fathers or mothers,
wives or children, or those kindred whom the law
granting bounty lands provides shall succeed to
the rights of the deceased soldier; and some of
them had no such kindred living.
In the first case, although they had such kin-
dred, yet they deemed it but just that those who
had so kindiy cated for them, and had watched
by their sick bed, and would smooth their dying
pillows, should receive this little bounty—their last
and the only gift in their power, to remunerate, in
some degree, the expenses incurred in their behalf
and the care and kindness bestowed upon them.
.Such a disposition is in harmony with the generous
spirits of our gallant soldiers who gathered such
a harvest of glory for their country and for them-
selves on the fields of Mexico.
In the other case, when the soldier had none of
those kindred whom the law now provides shall
succeed to the rights of the soldier, many instances
have occurred where, by will, claims to bounty
land have been devised, out of feelings of gratitude
for the kindness bestowed and expense incurred
in their last sickness.
The first section of the proposed bill provides
that " the soldiers entitled to bounty lands under
4 the ninth section of the act entitled 'Jfnact to
* raise for a limited time an additional military forte,
* and fur other purposesmay dispose of their rights
* to the same by last will and testament, rtiade in
1 conformity with the laws of any State or Tern-
' tory where the same shall be executed."
The second section provides " that in default pf
' such heirs as are created forced heirs by the aforesaid
1 act, any testament so made previous to the passage of
1 this act, shatt be deemed a good and sufficient trahisfer
' of all right and title to land granted by the provisions
5 of the act approved the eleventh day of February,
11847."
The bill guards against the disturbance of any
rights to bounty land where the certificates have
been issued. Where they have not been issued,
and where there are no such heirs as the law con-
templates, the bill provides that in such cases de- -
vises heretofore made shall be valid and effective.
From the number of cases occurring, and before
the committee, they are anxious for an expression
of the opinion of the House on this question. If
it goes into the Committee of the Whole, I fear
that it will never be reached; and if it is, eventually,
the committee in the meantime must continue their
labors in the examination of cases, and in making
reports to'the House; all of which would be use*-
less should the House finally pass this bill—the
justness of which I believe no member wiH
seriously question.
Mr. MARSHALL said: I perceive no propriety*
m delaying the passage of this bill, by referring it
to the Committee of the Whole, to take place at
the foot of the calendar where it may never be
reached. The principle of the bill extends to the
soldier a privilege which is enjoyed by every citi-
zen—that of passing real estate by last will and
testament—no more. It is said by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr Vinton] that we should be cau-
tious not to interfere with the rights of property,
and theiefoie should take time to look to pecu-
liarities which may exist in this bill. The gentle-
man need entertain no apprehension of any ruse
under the verbiage of the bill. We cannot inter-
fere by legislation with rights already vested under
the law. A volunteer who has died or fallen in
( battle could not pass by devise his equitable claim
; to bounty land; but, to instanti the breath was out
i of bis body, the right to the land vested in his
i heirs m the order of legal succession. No law
! can retroact so as to divest the tide and pass it to
! a devisee. But there is a class of cases, not pro-
vided for Joy existing law, which the committee of
i which I am a member designed to reach by this
j bill. That class consists of soldiers who have no
I heirs within the limitations provided by the acta
! heretofore passed. Many such have, m ignorance
of the law, already devised their claims; and their
devisees are petitioning Congress to-day to give
these devisees effect. Is it not just that they should
be permitted to dispose of their claims You of-
fered to the citizen the land bounty for his military
service. Take a case: A and B fall side by side
in battle. A has children, or a mother, or brothers
and sisters; these obtain his land. B has neither
brother, nor mother, nor kindred within the legal
degree living. He had a kind uncle who protected
his orphanage and extended to him the care of a
parent, and" his dying wish turned to that bene-
factor of his youth as the object on which he de-
desired to confer all he left on earth. Your law
stops the exercise of this proper desire. Is that
I! law just* Wc think not, and attempt by this bill
j'| to rectify the policy the Government has pursued,
j, I might multiply lllustiaiions of the principle we
would enforce and the want of principle we would
supply; but jf the mind has grasped that I have
! alieady used, the task would be useless con-
1 sumption of your time. We think the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] is mistaken, la
the view of the legislature which passed the laws
m question. He supposes the bounty was de-
signed foi the families of the soldier.^ We think
it was designed for the soldier himself; and we do
not perceive a good reason for the mteifcrence of
Government to prevent him from disposing of his
property according to his pleasure any moie tuan
exists for preventing other citizens trom the exer-
cise of the same power. For instance, A and B
having served m the war, having escaped death
from The penis of battle, or 'he effect of climate,
return to the United Stated. A /lies to the pension
office, procures his land warrant ar.d his ppitent.
He can devise his land then to whom he thinks
proper. B has rested upon his rights, or from
