1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Aug. 1,
Mr. CABELL of Florida, jmoved, pro forma,
to amend by inserting $50,000. He saiii he re-
gretted that he was nut in his seat when the
gentleman from Ohio addressed some remarks
to the committee. He understood that in the
course of those remarks the gentleman had
stated tha£ the committee recommended this
appropriation in consequence of the tact that it
was asked f r, for a point lying within the juris-
diction of the State of Florida, it would be per-
ceived by a reference to the report of the Engineer
Department, that it was for the purpose oi pro-
gre-^^ing-^ith a fort ^hich had been commenced
at Key West; and the money to be expended tor
the materials to be used in the construction of the
fort would not be expended wiihm the State of
Florida. The contracts for supplying stone were
taken chiefly by citizens of the State of Maine.
% It was pepple of the northern States who were in-
terested in these contracts, and upon the delivery
of.the material at Key West they pocketed their
money and returned to their homes, s > that the
money was not expended within the State of
Fiorina There were not, per haps, two of his con-
stituents interested personally in the work. He
had supposed that if there was one item m the l<ill
that would commend itself to the committee more
than another, it was the appropriation for the fort-
at Key West. Jt was important to a large pro-
portion of the commerce of thecouniry that there
should be a fortification at that point, the key to
the Gulf Mexico, to afford a relu^ lor that com*-
merce m time of danger.. He w. s surpnsed that
an effort should be made to strike out this appio-
priation, and still more surprised that thegentle-
matrftrom Ohio should rai.se an objection to it on
the ground that it was for the \>eneht of Florida, a
State having but one Representative on that floor,
-for the gentleman must be aware that the people
of the North and oj ihe West were equally inter-
ested m having a fortification at that place.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
The question vyas then taken onIheamendment
of Mr. Orowell, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The reading of the bill having been concluded—
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to
offer an amendment, which he sent to the Clerk's
table.
The CHAIR decided, on the point of order
mad/, that the motion to use and repoit the bill
(having been made before the amendment was
offered) was in order. -
Messrs. JONES and KAUFMAN appealed
frotn the decision.
A lonff conversation followed, after which—
Mr BAYLY wiihdtew his motion.
Tne amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Pennsyl-
vania, was then read, as follows:
Provided, That all eases when appropriations are herein
mule, if not sutfu it-nt to compu te the works to which
they ar« npp.io.ime, that a suih< n-nt j-uoi out of s>nch appro-
priations mum be applied to pulling sin h work-> in a s-ute
of preservation only, and such works be suspended lor the
present.
Mr. THOMPSON briefly explained the object
he had in view. He could not consent tcr vote
large appropradons for the purpose of finishing
these fcvorks, and carrying on this system of forti-
fications, when there appeared no probability of
their being; at any time hereafter'necessary for the
defence of the country. At the same time he
would not consent that the money which had
already been expended in the erection of these for-
tifications should be thrown away. He had de-
termined to vote for any sum which might be ne-
cessary to preserve tnfcse costly works from decay.
To'pre^erve them in tneir present condition lie
was willing to vote; and with a view to that object
he had proposed his amendment.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Kaufman and Casey were appointed.
The question was taken, and the 'tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 71.
So the amendment was nes^iived.
Ofi motion by Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois—,
The committee rose and icported the bill.
The question being on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading,
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to lay the brH on the
table, and on that motion -he asked the yeas and
nays. '
Pending the question, ,
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House adjourn.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Savage and Otis were appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noe£ 72.
Mr. BAYLY called for the yeas and nays.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF UTAH.
Whilst the House was dividing on the motion
to adjourn—
ANBURY Djckins, Esq., Secretary of the Senate,
presented himself at the bar of the House. After
a*few moments he was recognized by theSpeaktr,
when he informed the House that the Senate had
parsed an act to provide for the Territorial Govet n-
ment of Utah.
The announcement was received with much
merriment, but
The SPEAKER applied himself promptly to
the restoration of order; which being effected,
The SPEAKER then said, that the question was
on ordering the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
i'he yeas and nays were ordered, and', being
taken, were—yeas £3, nays 71. ♦
So tiie House adjourned.
PETITIONS, 8tc.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the luie, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Samuel Ryan, A. G. El-
lis, D. M. VVintuey, and othn , lor an apprupiidtiou lor a ;
ioail Iroin <iieen nay to 6t. Paul's. I
Also, the pennon of H. H. Smith, Thomas Davis, H. C. '
Hamilton, and others, lor an appropnatioa lor aliaiOor at |
Twin Itivers. j
Also, the p< tnion of Milton Ahlura, D. P.Myers, and oth-
ers, lor a hind olhee at W.tuonah. !
Ai>o, the prtiuons ot E F. Lewis, H. Carpenter, C. A.
FtiigUaOiij-and oilier*, lor me same.
Al-o, the petition or Frederick Borcherdt, Charles Kuehn,
V. Kaufman, and others, to repeal ihe jaw extending tne
term ot yie Woudivorth patent.
AUo, the p>- titioii of All red Topliflf, Stephen Wakeman,
Rirntn Cainptiell, and other*, for a mail toute trom Madison
to Waushara.
tty Mi. SWEET3ER: The preamble and resolutions of
the OhioLegi&l.inne, in iclationto the independence ot JLi-
heria, passed Frbiuary 5, IboU.
AUo, the resolutions oi the General Assembly of the State
ot Onto, in relation to the disposition of the public lands
within the State of Ohio.
Also, the resolution.- of the Legislature of Ohio, relative
to artotdiug itliei to Kossnili and ins lollowers, passed Feb-
ruary 9, lb5U.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 1, 1850.
Mr. HALE. As 1 understand that the Journal is
not yet made up, I move that its reading be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION.
Mr. CLEMENS. In the National Intelligencer
of this morning ( find a statement of a division of
the Senate, which it is perhaps necessary to cor-
rect, as it goes on the congressional record, tarn
reported as not voting at all on the motion made
I by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Nor-
< ris] to stnke out the woids "establishing and
| prohibiting Atrican slavery." 1 voted m the neg-
I ative on that occasion.
The PRESIDENT. The Journal stands so
corrected.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the acting Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 'iSKh ultimo, calling for extracts of such
dispatches as relate to the topography of the bay
ol ;5an Francisco. Commodore Junes, in one oi
his dispatches, soys " that the port and hai bor of
' Benicia is one oi the finest and safest in the world.
' The Ohio might be laid up there as a receiving
' and stoiesliip, and be kept in a state of far better
' preservation than in any Atlantic port of the
1 United States. The water of Benicia is often I
' fresh enough to drink, consequently the copper 1
' would be kept clean." The leport was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
"Mr. W ALK.ER submitted documents relating
to the claim ot John Holden, late a sergeant of
ordnance m the United States army, to a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, aeKing that no State may here- -
after be admitted into the Union whose consiitu-
iiop doesliot expressly prohibit slavery within its
limits; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same, asking
that slavery may be prohibited by law in all the
territories of the United1 States; which wa3 ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, from the same, asking that the right of
trial by jury may be allowed by law to fugitive
slaves, when arrested in any State where their
services are not claimed; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a petition from the same, and one from
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking that slavery may
be abolished m the District of Columbia, or the
seat of Government removed therefrom; which
were ordered to he on the table.
IVlr. SEWARD presented a petition from female
residents of Windsor, m the State of Ohio, asking
that certain information relating to the slave trade
in the District of Columbia may be collected and
laid before Congress; which was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetrs, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which were referred the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill to provide for the printing of the annual
report upon commerce and navigation, reported
thereon that the committee had considered said
amendments, and had resolved that they agree to
the second amendment; and that they agree to
ihe eighth amendment with amendments, and dis-
agree to the 1st, 3d, 4th,,5th, 6th, 7th, and-9th
amendments of the House.
MAP OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution,
which lies over under the rule:
Resohed, That the Si-cretary o( the Senate purchase for
Ihe of tilt: Si-nare one thousand copus ol Ditturnel'3
map which accompanied the treatj of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
provided lliey do uotcosd excredingone dollar eaeli."
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BELL, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to, introduce a bill granting to the
Nashville and Chatanooga Railroad Company
the right of way, and a donation of public land,
for the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road ill and through the public lands in the State
of Alabama; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. t
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of William Maxwell, late marshal of the
United Staltes for the district ot Georgia, was read
a first and second time by its title.
The question being on referring it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary—
Mr. BERRIEN said: I very much hope that
the bill will be at once passed, as it is of vepy
pressing urgency. Mr. Maxwell -was the mar-
shal of. the district of Georgia, and if the House
report could be read 1 am satisfied the Senate would
have no objtction to passing this bill for his relief.
The Government obtained judgment against him,
but becoming satisfied that it was an unjust cairn,
have suspended operations on it until the action
of Congress shall be had.
Mr. CLAY. 1 would prefer it taking its usual
course. - -
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. - v
GAINESVILLE AND DE ICALB PLANK ROAD.
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
grant the right of way to the Gainesville and De
ICalb Plank Road Company, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PRIVATE BILL.
The engrossed bill No. 92, for the further relief
of John Mitchell, was read a third time and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENGROSSED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
Ordered, TniU a Senator he appointed hy ihe President
pro tan. to fid the vacancy m the Committee on Engrossed
dills. *
And Mr. Hale was appointed accordingly.
DONATIONS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider Senate bill No. 28, being
