1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky,
in.the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the resolutions referring to the appropriate com-
mittees the several subjects embraced in the annual
message of the President.
Mr. B1SSKLL obtained the floor, and occupied
it for an hour, m defending the North against the
charge of aggression upon'southern lights and in-
terests. He maintained the reverse, insisting that
the free States, although they had the power to
prevent it, had permitted, since the organization
of the present Government, the admission into the
Union of nine slave States to eight free States—
had assented in the acquisition of Texas, and her
reception into the Union with a territory equal in
extent to six of the largest of the old slave States.
He expressed his determination to maintain, at all
hazards, the union of the States. [The speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BISSELL having concluded—
Mr. WUNTHROP obtained the floor, but yield-
ed for a moment to
Mr. FEATHERSTON, who said that, at as
early a date as possible, he should submit some
remarks on the part which the Mississippi, as well
as other regiments, had taken in the events to
which reference had been made. And he would
make such statements and submit such facts as
were sustained by the reports of the commanding
officers and by the record.
Mr. SEDDON desired the floor for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. WINTHROP declined to yield, remarking
that he did not expect to occupy the whole of the
hour, and that the gentleman could then have an
opportunity of making his remarks.
Mr. WINTHROP then addressed the commit-
tee, chiefly in vindication of himself from assaults
made upon him in various quarters, and incident-
ally in explanation of the principles by which his
course would be governed in relation to the one
great question now before the country. The re-
marks of Mr. Wijjthrof, of which a report will
be given hereafter, were twice responded to by
very emphatic marks of approbation from the
House and the galleries. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WINTHROP having concluded—
Mr. M1LLSON, of Virginia, obtained the floor,
but yielded for a few moments to
Mr. ROOT, who said: 1 had not the pleasure of
heanng all the speech of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] but from what
I did hear of it, 1 suppose htf had, before I en-
tered the hall, been charging me with doing what
he has done—dodging. That I have sometimes
been absent when important votes have been
taken, I do not deny. And who has not? it is
impossible for a member of this House to be
always present, when it is in session, and yet
attend to his other duties. But, sir, 1 defy that
member to point to a single instance m which 1
have done, as he admits he did, dodge. At the
close of the last session, 1 did refuse to vote on the ,
resolution tendering the thanks of the House to
him. I did not think he had been impartial, and
yet knowing his constitutional infirmity and pre-
disposition to favor swell heads, I thought he
could not help it. But that resolution was no part
of our business; it was a mere compliment which
I thought undeserved, and, therefore, would not
give. And yet I had no wish to wound the gen-
tleman's feelings.
I rejoice that doughfacery has found a voice.
Now that it has screwed its courage up to the
speaking point, we may reasonably hope it will
come up to the voting point ere long.
I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his
courtesy. •
Mr. MILLSON then took the floor; but, after
a few prefatory remarks, yielded to a motion that
the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed, the committee
rose and reported.
Mr. BAYLY made a motion that the House do
now adjourn; but withdrew it at the request of
Mr. HILLIARD, who expressed to the House
a wish that they would take up and consider a
bill from the Senate, now lying upon the Speaker s
table, intended to relieve the bondsmen in the case
of the steam vessel of war built in New York city
for the Germanic Empire, which vessel had been
detained by this Government, and the bonds
alluded to given, that she would not be used to
violate our neutrality laws.^
Objection was made by several gentlemen; and
A motion was made to adjourn; which was put
and decided in the negative. Then,
On motion, the House proceeded to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the State Department,transmitti ng,
in obedience to the act o,f the 20th April, 1818, ana
resolution of the 13th January, 1846, a list of the
clerks employed in that department during the
year 1849, the rate of compensation, &c.;
Also, a communication from the Department of
State, transmitting a statement of the manner in
which the contingent fund of that department had
been expended; and showing the disbursements out
of the several funds under the control of that de-
partment; which communications were severally
read; and,
On the motion of Mr. BAYLY, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the House of the 6th instant, a communi-
cation from the'Topogiaphical Bureau, covering a
copy of the report and maps of Lieutenant J. H.
Simpson, of the corps of Topographical Engineers
of the route from Fort Smith, Arkansas, to Santa
Fe, in New Mexico; which,
On motion of Mr. BURT, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and ordered to be
printed.
SENATE BILLS.
The joint resolution for the relief of John
Hogan, coming up in order, was read twice by its
title and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The act for the relief of Conrad W. Tablet",
Leopold Bierwirth, and Theodore Victor, was read
by its title with a view to reference.
Mr. HILLIARD asked that the bill be read a
third tir.ie and put upon its passage
After some remarks of a conveisational charac-
ter, in which several members participated —
Mr. WOODWARD, of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, explained the nature of the. bill.
He stated that the subject had been before the
committee, and that although they differed as to
the views of the,report he had prepaied, yet they
were unanimously in favor of cancelling these
bonds, which it was the purpose of this bill to can-
cel. The committee had unanimously instructed
him to say, when this bill came before the House
for consideration, that they recommended its pas-
sage. Mr. W. then fully explained the circum-
stances of the purchase of the war steamer by the
agents of the Germanic Empire, of its detention
by the American Government, and the nature of
the bonds entered into by the gentlemen named
in the bill, that the vessel .should not be used as a
vessel of war against any power with which the
United States was at peace. The bonds were
such, that although the causes which then existed
to render them at all neccssary had passed away;
yet, unless they were cancelled, the vessel could
i never be used for the purposes of war under any
circumstances which might hereafter arise. He
expressed a wish that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. HALL expressed some objections to hasty
action on the bill. He was not fully satisfied, if
the bonds were unconditionally cancelled, that ihe
parties might not hereafter bring in a claim against
the United States for damages for the detention.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he believed the
bill had been passed in the Senate by a unanimous
vote. Its subject had recei /ed the careful consider-
ation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House, and it was but due to his friend from
South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] to say, that he
had prepared a very able and elaborate report upon
the subject, which he was ready to submit.
Mr. Mc'C. hoped it would be submitted, in order
that it might be preseived as a valuable public
document— it exhibited our neutral rights and
obligations in a very interesting light.
The bill is based upon the memorial of Con-
rad W. Fabier and Leopold W. Bierwirth, of
the city of-New York; who represent that they,
wether with one Theodore Victor and William
Wedding, as agent for the German Empire, exe-
cuted the two bonds as stated in the bill—condi-
tioned that the war steamer United States, sold by
the petitioners., and to be delivered to the agent of
the German Empire at the port of Bremerhaven;
in Germany, should not be used to cruise or com-
mit hostilities against Denmaik, m the Schltswig- •
Idolstein war, or against any other coiyitry at
peace with the United Stales. The petitioners
also represent the vessel has not been soused, and
that the conditions of the bonds have been faith-
fully kept.
The explanation is briefly this: The Holstein-
Schleswig war broke out in the spring of 1848, to
which Denmark and the German Empire became
parties and principals. On the 26th of August fol-
lowing the armistice of Maliv.oe was signed, and
the war was not renewed until the fiist of March,
1849. In the previous month of February, during
the pendency of the armistice, the war steamer in
question was purchased upon the condition stated,
in the harbor of New York, where, with the per-
mission of the Executive authority of the Govern-
ment, measures were taken to fit her out as a war
steaner. In the meantime, (March 1st,) as we
have already seen, the wai was renewed, and the
Executive directed the collector ofcu3toms at New
York to detain the vessel until secuiity should be
given that she should not be used to violate our
neutrality. Accotdingly ihe bonds in question
were executed, with the penalty each of$61)0,000.
Since the war has been suspended a second lime,
by the armistice signed on the 10th of July, 1849,
with a preliminary projet of peace, after the im-
portant battle of Eokei'i orde. The vessel has been
delivered, according to contiact, at the port of
Bremerhaven; and ample proof is furnished, by
numerous depositions, im},fiy of them by Anieii-
can citizens, th. t she has not been used m viola-
tion of our neutrality. The leason which prompted
the Executive to require the bond has ceased to
exist—the bond iiself has petformed us office—it
is fundus officio, and may be very properly and
solely cancelled. Unless it be camelled, ihe
steamer must be in a ynanner worthless to her
owner, as she cannot be used in any war now or
heieafter against any nation at peacc with the
United States, without a forfeiture of the penalty,
which is certainly neither desirable nor requited
by our neutrality. If the bond be invalid, then
for that leason there can be no objection to its,
cancellation. As an act of couitesy, too, to her
German minister, Baron Roenne, who was just
retiring home, tlicic was a motive for passing it
without delay.
At this time the call for the previous question
became general, and Mr. McC. submitted that
motion.
The previous question received a second; and
the question then being, ".Shall the main question
be now put/" it was determined in the affirma-
tive.
The "bill was then read the third time, when,
On the motion of Mr. HILLIARD, and under
the operation of the previous question, it was
finally passed.
On motion, the House then adjourned till Mon-
day next.
NOTICE OF A HILL,
Mr. GREEN gave notice tli.it mi tr>-morrow, or on some
Mibsequnt dm, lie would ns-k leave to introduce R tall lo au-
thorize ihe relniqui.-liiniMit ot school lands in cettam eaten,
and the selection ot ot hers lulu u thereof.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memoi'ials, petitions, &c.,were
presented under the rule, and reterred to the ap-
propriate committees, viz :
By Mr. WENTW'ORTH: A petition from citizens of
Chu aso, for the tiee navigation ol lli«- river St. Liiwrt-l.co,
Al&o, from citizens ol La Saile counly (or me &ame pui-
p°aV~o, from citizens of Chieaeo for two-cent postase.
Alto, irian citizens of La tfalte county for me same pur-
P< By Mr. SCHKNCK: The pwilion of 144 citizens residing
at and near the harbor of Cunningham's Creek, in Ohio,
praying lor an appropnnUon lor completing mitlnpuiriig
the iiuhlic works ar lh t point. Tl
Bv Mr. HALL WAV: The petition ofWii.iam E. Har-
ner and 69 others, piajmg lor cheap pos^S*'- .
Bv Mr. COiNGEK: The pciinona of JOO ouzeiis of Au-
burn New York, lor the rediK-uoil ol po tage to two cents
per half ounef on pri paid lelleis.
Al-o Of 56 citizens ot Cauiga and Seneca counties,
New York, for the same purpose, and to abolish the Lank-
'ngBPy1jMrf!'sCIIEIlMEKH01!N: Concurrent resolutions
of the Legislature of State of Naw Yerk on the abo-
