440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
\vtion of slavery in the District of Columbia, and against^
the extension of slavery into free Territories.
By Mr UNDEiiHILL: The petition of Seth Fish and 49
otheis, citizen* of the city nf N<>w York, prayinaj Congress
b> reduce the late of postage to two cents per half ounce
on prepaid letter*.
* By Mr. THOMPSON", of Pennsylvania : A memorial of
Q38 einzwis of Pennsylvania and New York, for a mail
route from North JEa t, in Pennsylvania via Greenfield,
Pennsylvania, Mercer, New York, to interseettheErie and
Jamestown route at or near Orlando Durkee's, in Chatauque
coemtv, New York.
Also, three memorials of citizens of Pennsylvania, for a
mail route from Lettersburg, Cleaifield county, via Paxata-
way, Snucksbnrg, and Rural Village, to K'lttannay, in the
State of Pennsylvania.
* Also, two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania for a mail
route from TitusviHe, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, to
Columbus, Warren county, Pennsylvania, via Rome, Spar-
ta and Eldred.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania, for a
mail route from Embertoru-and Clarion, for a mail route to
Taunton Village, in Pennsylvania.
Also, a memorial, signtd by D. B. Lonsr, and 70 other
citizens, of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praying for an al-
teration of the exiting tariff huvs.
By Mr. WILMOT a petition, signed by 35 citizens of
Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, asking'for a i eduction
in the rates of ponaire.
Bv Mr. ALEXANDER: the petition of 244 citizens of
Flor-ida, Montgomery county, New York, praying Congress
to establish a uniform rate of postage, not to exceed one
cent on newspapers, and two cent> on each prepaid letter
of half an ounce, tor all distances, and tor other correspond-
ing reform?,
Bv Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Col. James S. Swear-
ingen, Col. John McDonald, and W.Marshall Anderson,
for himself and other heirs of the late Duncan McArthur, !
Brigadiei General of United States Aimy, praying Congress
to grant them so much of the public lands for services per-
formed by them,and those they iepresent,in the war of 1812
and 'J3, as mav be right and proper.
By Mr. SEDDON : The petition of the heirs and distribu-
tors of Col. Wm. Wilson, tor commutation of half pay.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of Andew Burns and
others, citizens of Wood county, Oh o, for the survey of
certain public land* in Lucas and Ottawa counties.
Bv Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of Jeremiah Ireland,
of Skowhegctn, in the county of Somerset, and State of
Maine, prayinsj remuneration for injuries received m the
last war with Great Britain.
Al-o, the petition ol William D. Gould and 112 others,
citizens of Norridgewock, in the State of Maine, for cheop
po-taae.
Mr DURKBE: The petition of citizens of Southport,
Wiseon^m, for the induction ot letter postage to a uniform
rate of two cents on each letter.
Also, another petition ofcitizensof the same place, on the
same subject.
Al-o, the petition of R. O. Brown and 35 others, citizens
of Burlington, Wisconsin, asking Congress lo leduce letter
postage to a uniform rale of two cents each.
' Also, the petition of the merchants and business men ol
Elkhorn, Whconsin. praying the reduction of postage on
letteis to a unifonn rate of two cents lor each half ounce.
Also, the petition ot citizens of the northvve>tern valley
of the Lakes, asking tor the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence.
By Air. BiliGGS: The resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Ni u York, in f.ivor of establishing a branch of
the mintofiln- [Jolted Sfattj> in the ciiy of Niw Yoik.
By Mr FOWLER: The petition of John L. Noyes and
23 oiber-s citizens of Piovidence, Rhode Inland, for a reduc-
tion of po-taije to two cento on prepaid letters.
By Mr. SKDDOiVr The petition of the heuy and distribu-
te is* of Colonel William Nelson, for commutation of half
pay.
By Mr. TAYLOR. The petition of Colonel James S.
Sweanngen, Colonel John McDonald, and W Marshall An-
derson, for himself and other hens of the late Duncan Mc-
Arthur, Bngadtor General, in United Suites Army, prajmg
Concrete to grant them t-o much ot the public lands, (or
service^ performed bv them, and those whom they repre.-ent,
in the war of 1812 and 1613, as may be right and proper.
By Mr. BURROWS: Concurient resolutions of the Senate
and As>embly of the St.ite of New York, in tavor of the
passage,of a law establishing a mint m the City of New
York."
Also, the petition of Potei Saxe and 67 others, citizens of
Yates, Orleans county, New York, asking Oongros to es-
tabli>h the rate of postage on prepaid letters at two cents
per half ounce.
Ali.o, the petition of the officeis, teachers and Undents of
Yates Academy, Orleans county, New Yoik, a-kuig Con-
gre<*, to reduce the rate of postage on piepaid letteis.
B}' Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of citizens ofThomp-
son, Connecticut, for reduction of postage: Of citizens of
KiUmsly, <'onnreticut, !oi the «ame object.
Bv Mr. JOHN A. KING: The petition of the inhabitants
of OvMerbnj, N( w York, in favor ot two cents prepaid
postage on fetters, and for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. GRIXNELL: The petition of J. If. Goodrich and
.T4 others, oi [laueock, Masiaehii^ett^, in favor of estab-
lishing the rates of postage on prepaut letters at two cents
per half ounce.
JN SENATE.
Thursday, February 21, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New York, in
favor of the establishment of a branch mint in the I
eity of New York, which were read and laid on [
the table. i
Also, the joint resolutions of the Legislature on !
slavery and kindred subjects; which were read, I
referred to the Committee on the Territories,'and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial of D.
Hartwell Carvers, asking of Congress the confirm-
ation of his title to a large tract of land, one hun-
dred miles in every direction from the Falls of St.
Anthony, on the Mississippi, purchased by his
grandfather of the Indians before the revolutionary
war, and now in the Territory of Minnesota, the
title confirmed and the deed recorded at London,
in the Plantation Office, in the year 1768; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a petition numerously
signed, as he said, by some of the most respectable
citizens of Keokuk, in Iowa, urging on Congress
the passage of a law reducing the rates of postage
: to two cents on all prepaid letters of one half
ounce; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, asking that the rates of postage
may be reduced to two cents on all prepaid letters
not exceeding half an ounce; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Everett, of Illinois, asking an appropriation
for testing certain improvements which he claims
to have made in the modes of constructing and
working telegraphs. The memorialist sets forth,
among other advantages of his system, that a
much greater amount of intelligence can be trans-
mitted through the same wire in a given time: that
an individual can learn to operate in a very short
time, when compared with the great practice ne-
cessary to attain the requisite skill to transmit in-
telligence with facility by the means now used,
thus diminishing the liability to error, each letter
being formed by mechanical means with an accu-
racy difficult of obtamment by the hand alone;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-'
meroe.
Also, a memorial signed by 250 citizens of Illi-
nois, asking that the public lands may be granted
in limited quantities to actual settlers not possessed
of other lands; which was referred to the Co1n-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, residing in the valley of the
Northwestern Lakes, asking the adoption of
measures for securing the right to the navigation
of the St. Lawrence river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr, PRATT presented the memorial of the
legal repiesentatives of William Jamesville,askiiig
compensation for property destroyed by the ene-
my during the last war with Great Britain ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, a petition from Ephraim Larrabee and
i others, of Baltimore, engaged in the manufacture
of shoe lasts, asking that the patent right under
which they manufacture, may be protected from
foreign violation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial from Seth Adams, of Zanes-
ville, Ohio, who says he is now 83 years of age,
and was among the eailiest settlers in Ohio, be-
fore it was a State, asking to be indemnified for
spoliations by the French prior to 1800, and urging
that Congress take early measures for the adoption
of the same, as hope* deferred, maketh the heart
sick; which was referred to the select committee
on the subject.
Also, a petition of the faculty and students of
Franklin College, Ohio; two petitions from citi-
zens of Lehigh county, Ohio; and two petitions
from citizens of Licking county, Pennsylvania,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
were severally referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
| Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens
j of Pennsylvania, interested in the manufacture of
! iron, asking an increase of duties on foreign iron;
j which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
i Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
j asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
| was referred to the Committee on the Post Office ;
; and Post Roads. i
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the j
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of i
Walter Colton, a chaplain in the navy, asking
compensation" for services rendered and expenses
incurred under certain appointments in California,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill to make compensa-
tion to Walter Colton, which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which were referred the documents in
relation to the claim of Francis B. Srockton, for
allowance of expense incurred in going to Lon-
don by order of the commanding officer, made an
adverse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
Also, from the same committee to which were
referred the documents in relation to the claim of
Purser Francis B. Stockton* for the allowance of
expenses of a ball given on board the United
States frigate St. Lawrence, made an adveise re-
port on the same; which was ordered to be
printed. '
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Margaret Carmick, widow
of Major Carmick,lateof the United States marine
corps, submitted an adverse report on the same;
which was ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF THE COMMISSARIAT DEPART-
MENT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred so
much of the President's message as relates to mil-
itary affairs, reported a bill to increase the com-
missariat of the United States army; which was
read.
Mr. D. asked that the bill might be read a sec-
ond time; and the bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, 4"c., That there be added to the Subsistence
Department loin commi&saries of subsistence, wiih the
lank of captain, to be taken lrom the line of the army.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to the
passage of this bill at this time. 1 will merely
state that I have a letter from the Secretary of
War, and one from the Commissary General, both
of whom approve the bill. I will read these let-
ters, as they will explain the case better than I can
do it otherwise. The letter of the Commissary
General states that—
" The addition of Oregon, California, Santa F6, and
Texas to our territory, compels me to ask an increase of the
number of officers in the Subsistence Department. Each of
theae military commands leqiures the presence of the Com-
missariat, and from no point occupied by sny officers can
one be spaied for these duties.
" During the past year I was compelled to ask the detail,
for duty under my oiders, of several officeis of e\peiience
from the line of the army. The nece<-ity for such a~s&i£t;mce
is of a permanent character, and I would therefore respect-
fully a^k that there be added to the Subsistence Department
four Commissuii.es of Subsistence, with the rank of captain,
to be taken fiom the line of the army."
The letter from the Secretary of War accompa-
nies this, and recommends to the favorable-con-
sideration of the Committee on Military Affairs
the report from the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, setting forth the necessity for an increase
of the number of officers in this department, and
asking the addition thereto of four commissaries
of Subsistence.
I will state that the four officers which it is pro-
posed to add will be taken from the line of the
army. Officers are now employed by detail in the
performance of this duty, and it is proposed to
transfer to that department officers of the staff, by
which companies will be discharged from the ser-
vice by detail, and have their full complement of
officers in the line of the army. It adds no officers;
but, by the transfer of officers to this department,
there will be a promotion of supernumerary
officers to the places made vacant by the transfer.
I hope the bill may have the unanimous consent
to its consideration.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Objection being made, the bill was not further
acted upon.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. FOOTE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish the tcrriloiial gov-
ernment of Oregon," and " An act to establish the
territorial government of Minnesota;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
JAPAN AND THE ORIENTAL NATIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to take up the resolutions
