1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Aug. 2,
• Whereas, an English colony, what is it?—a com-
• munity which is to the world what the Cagots
4 were to mediaeval society—an entity unknown to
'international lav/, and disregarded by national
< comity—without one distinct right, or one unal-
Hcrable privilege, without name, position, char-
acter or cognizable analogy."
With these few remarks, Mr. Chairman, upon
the general character of territorial governments,
I now proceed to another topic, to which I alluded
several weeks since, stating, at the same time, my
intention to discuss it at an appropriate period.
1' refer to our relations with the Indian tribes
within our lijnits, but more especially with those
of the Northwest. The subject is one which ap-
peals to the sympathies not only of the people 1
have the honor to represent, but to those of every i
American. The solution of the problem which
involves the civilization of the remaining Abori-
ginal tribes, or the alternative of their utter ex-
tinction, is intimately connected, also, with the
peace and ultimate prosperity of aur own Terri-
tory. It is for these reasons that I regard it to be
my imperative duty, not only to my constituent;?,
but to the Indians themselves, to review briefly
the policy of the Government in their intercourse
with the latter, and to suggest such a remedy for
existing evils, as will, in my judgment, suffice to
meet the exigencies of the case. If, unfortunately,
this Government shall still persist in Us present
course, with a full knowledge of its unhappy tend-
ency, Minnesota shall at least be freed from any
responsibility on that score.
I am aware, sir, that the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs is required by law to make an annual
exhibit of the affairs of his department, and of
the general condition of the Indians within the
limits of -the United States. But it is equally
certain that his report does not receive an attentive
perusal from one tenth of the members of either
House of Congress. In fact, so far as any legisla-
tion is concerned, having for its object the advance-
ment of the tribes in civilization, it may well be
asserted that the whole question is banished from
these Mails. You have as one of the standing
committees of this House, that on Indian Affairs;
but if 1 am not in error, it is no part of the duty
assigned to that committee, composed as it is of
able and intelligent men, to do more than to act
istence. It remained for those Anglo-Saxons, who
fled to this New World to escape persecution at
home, and for their descendants, boastful as they
are and have ever been, of their philanthropy and
their religion—it remained for them, I say, to
show to the world, that while they wrested from
the red man the soil which gave him birth, they
neither incorporated him into their community
as a member, nor bestowed upon him any of
those beneficent appliances which were necessary
to preserve him, and raise him to a level with
themselves. From the days of the Pilgrim Fathers
to the present time, there is the same sad story to
be repeated, of grievous wrongs inflicted upon this
unhappy race.
Sir, history has thus far failed to do justice to
the heroic bands, who have struggled so fiercely
to preserve their lands and the graves of their
fathers, from the grasping hand of the white man.
The wars which have so often desolated the fron-
tier, sullied indeed with horrid butcheries and
i atrocities on the part of the Indians, will, never-
theless, hereafter be referred to as the efforts of a
brave and patriotic race to maintain themselves in
the position in which Providence had placed them.
True, numbers, science, and discipline, prevailed
in the end, and the vanquished submitted of ne-
cessity to the will of the victtr. That will was
death, n:>t by the more merciful sword, but by a
lengthened course of oppression, of insult, and of
degradation.
The system of removing the Indians to the west
of the Mississippi originated during the adminis-
tration of Mr. Monroe, but it was not acted upon
to any extent until after General Jackson was ele-
vated to the Presidency. It was then announced
as the scheme par excellence, which was to afford
"healing to the nations." And, if it had been
carried out according to the original design, with
due care and in good faith, by the agents of the
Government, it would, doubtless, have been at-
tended with happy effects. But this has not been
the case, and the actual result has been to intro-
duce among the bands of wild and noble savages
who roam the western prairies, a horde of worth-
less vagabonds, reeking with the vices, but pos-
sessed of none of the virtues of the whites, to
breed a moral pestilence in the land, and to con-
taminate ihosse who weie, comparatively speaking
upon the business which may be brought before j| far elevated above them in the scale of existence
it. it cannot reasonably be expected of that com- *" ' ' 111   
mittee, continually occupicd as it la with other
duties, that it shall enter into a detailed examina-
tion of the condition of each tribe, to ascertain
what causes are in operation seriously to affect that
condition. But of one fact we are all cognizant,
and that is, the absolute certainty that the Indians
are rapidly diminishing in number. I conceive U
to be incumbent upon this Government to find out
the cause of this diminution, and to arrest it.
Sir, at an early period of our history, there was
much more attention paid to this subject than
there now is, and many plans were originated to
meliorate the condition of the Indian race. 1 can-
notdiscover, however, thatany systematized effort
was made to civilize them, or to piepare them for
adn£ission into the great American society of free-
men. Then, as now, philanthiopic and christian
associations and individuals were found laboring
" evangelize them; but theirefforts were then, as
u.ty now are, to a great extent abortive and un-
successful. The policy pursued by the Govei n*
mem was, to make reservations upon which the
Indians were to be allowed to reside for an indefi-
nate period, after the title to their lands had been
extinguished. So soon as the surrounding region
became settled by the whites, these poor creatures,
subjected to indignities of every description,
treated as outcasts and supplied with intoxicating
drinks by unprincipled white men, either dwin-
dled rapidly away, or, forced to sell their reserva-
tions, emigrated in a body to a more remote part
of the country, only, in the course of a few years,
to be resubjected to the same process.
^ Mr. Chairman, the history of the northern por-
tion of this continent presents one strange fact for
our consideration. In the wars of the Greeks, the
llomans, and the Franks, and, in more modern
times, of the British Empire in India, we read of na-
tion after nation being subjugated, and their territo-
ries occupied, but never of their becoming speedily
extinct in consequence of a failure on the part of
the conqueror to allow them such privileges and
such conditions as were indispensable to their ex-
If thtse tribes had been more or less civilized, by
the weil-duected efforts of the Government itself,
before thf-y were called upon to remove, the influ-
ence exercised upon the wilder bands, when
brought in contact with them, would have been
at once elevating and beneficial. Unfortunately,
as I have befoie stated, the very reverse of this
has been the case.
Sir, it is my sincere conviction, that of all the
Indians who have been removed to the west of the
Mississippi, there are very few who entertain kind
feelings towards this Government; nay more, who
are not its secret or avowed enemies. This is a
startling assertion, but it is not the less true. The
reason is obvious to any one who is the least ac-
quainted with Indian character. This is' to be
found in the defective manner in which treaties are
negotiated with them, in the unfitness of the indi-
viduals too often selected as commissioners, and
the litrle regaid manifested by the agents of the
Government, in carrying out the stipulations of
solemn treaties after they are made. No man, sir,
should be appointed to the responsible office of
commissioner on the part of the Government, to
negotiate with the Indians for the purchase of their
lands, unless he be of high character, and pos-
sessed of a practical knowledge of the peculiar
characteristics of that race. If the act rf making a
treaty is not to be looked upon as a mere mockery
or a farce, every stipulation contained in it, and
every pledge made by the authorized agent of the
Government, should be as scrupulously fulfilled as
if the negotiation had been entered into with a
sovereign and independent nation. Nay, sir, the i
very fact that the weaker party are powerless to
redress their grievances, and are entirely depend-
ent upon the sense of justice of the other party,
appeals strongly to this Government to avoid even
the appearance of a desire to shrink from the per-
formance of its obligations, voluntarily incurred.
I regret to say, that such magnanimity as this is
too seldom displayed. On the contrary, when
commissioners are appointed who do not reside on
the frontier, and who have little or no sympathy
with the Indians, they do not hesitate to overcome
the natural repugnance of the savages to part with
their lands, by making promises which they know
will never be performed, but which the poor vic-
tims believe to be made in good faith. The com-
missioners, having accomplished their object by
obtaining the signature of the chiefs, plume them-
selves upon having made a favorable treaty, leav-
ing the miserable savages to find out in due time
that they have been betrayed and deceived. This
first breach of faith is, of course, chargod upon the
Government itself. Then there arises another just
cause of complaint. The treaty stipulations, albeit
they have been duly sanctioned by the Senate, are
not fulfilled. I will venture the assertion, that
not one in ten of the treaties made will be found to
have been carried out in good faith. If they were,
sir, your streets would not be thronged eveiy year
with delegations from distant bands, to seek jus-
tice at the hands of their "Great Father," Yea I
old men making weary and toilsome pilgrimages
of thousands of miles, to supplicate that their
righteous claims may not be longer disregarded.
One instance of this kind occurs to me, m which
the Government bound itself to pay $5,000 per an-
num to a certain band in 1837, and, to this day,
although the sum has been regularly estimated for,
and appropriated by Congress., that band has never
received one cent of this annuity ; nor has it been
expended for their benefit. This is but one case
in a thousand that might readily be cited.
Sir, when these tribes, thus suffering under real
or supposed grievances, are herded together like
cattle, preparatory to their removal from their own
lands to a far-distant dwelling-place; when, treated
with contumely and threatened at every step, they
arrive at length at their place of destination, is it
natural to suppose that they can feel much amity
for the power whose agents have done them these
wrongs ? No, sir; and one of the evils inseparable
from this state of things is, that the hostility thus
engendered is not confined to their own breasts,
but is transferred, to some extent, to individuals
of other bands, with whom they are brought in
contact. Thus & re concentrated upon our western
border hords of'savages, who are all more or less
imbued with feelings of distrust and hatred towards
the whites, which are only kept from manifesting
themselves by a fear of the superior power of the
Government. Sir, all the Indian wars you have
had upon your hands, and are likely to occur here-
after, have been and will be occasioned by pro-
ceedings, such as I have but faintly described, on
the part of your agents. The Black Hawk diffi-
culty, so called, which cost you millions of dol-
lars, was thus brought about. The Florida war
took its origin m the treaty of Payne's Landing,by
which the Semmoles conceived themselves to have
been defrauded and deeply wronged. This war
has already cost you some thirty or forty millions,
and from present indications, is likely to be re-
newed at another heavy expenditure on your part.
And thus, sir, will this Government continue to
be involved in troubles with the Indian tribes,
until it ceases to pursue its present course with re-
gard to them, and adopts a policy more m accord-
ance with ihe principles of justice and humanity.
Mr. Chairman, I have gone into some detail of
the operation of the present system upon the In-
dians, because it is necessary that it shuuld be un-
derstood. A physician cannot be expected to
prescribe successfully tor his patient, without
knowing the natuie and extent of the disease.
No more can Congress apply a remedy to exist-
ing evils, until they are properly probed and ex-
posed. Sir, even the efforts of Christian mission-
aries to evangelize these Heathen, are more
obstructed by the policy of the Government than
by any other cause. The Indians who are thereby
rendered restless and discontented, are little dis-
posed to receive or profit by leligious instruction.^
: To use the words of a former eminent member of
' this House, ** The Indian is called by the endear-
i 4 ino- nameof brother, and he is told that we are re-
i ' li "iously bound by the most sacred injunction to
1 dd unto others as we wish that others may db
< unto us; at the same time we exclude him from
'any participation in the benefit of our social and
4 civil institutions. We treat the whole race as if
* they were not the descendants of Adam, and thus
* we baffle and tantalize the christian, who labors
' for their moral and religious instruction; and
' hence the deluded hopes of many wise and pious
1 clergymen, whose efforts in their behalf, how-
