412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
prefaced his motion with some remarks, in the
course of which he reminded the Senate of the fact
that to-morrow was the anniversary of the birth
of the Father of his Country.
Mr. BRADBURY suid he was not unwilling to
vote for the motion, but it was due to the other
side of the Senate to say that he should resist the
motion with the view of giving gentlemen an op-
portunity to-morrow to cali up and speak upon his
resolution, some time since offered in relation to
removals from office.
The motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
On motion, the 47th rule of the Senate was sus-
pended so as to admit ladies to the privileged seats
to listen to the speech of the honorable Senator
from New Jersey; and many availed themselves
of the privilege.
"WIDOW OF THE LATE GEN. WORTH.
Mr. BORLAND. In pursuance of notice which
1 ga.ve the other day, I now ask leave to introduce
a bill for the relief of the widow of the late Gen.
Worth.
The reading of the bill was called for, and it was
read accoidtngly. It proposes to place the widow
of the late Gen. Worth on the pension roll.
Mr. BORLAND. In introducing this bill, it
was my intention to make a few remarks; but as
the time has now arrived for proceeding with the
order of the day, 1 will defer those remarks to a
future occasion. I will move that the bill be re-
ferred to ihe Committer on Military Affairs.
Mr. KING. Will the honorable Senator from
Arkansas inform the Senate why he desires ihis
bill to take a direction different from that which
such bills usually taker
Mr. HALE. I had just risen to ask the same
question.
Mr. BORLAND. This bill stands upon a some-
what different footing to the ordinary pension bills.
1 would simply state now that the memorial I in-
troduced a few days ago of another individual, of
a similar character, was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and I ask that this may take
the same direction. 1 am not, however, very par-
ticular about it. 1 am a member of both com-
mittees, and, so far as I am concerned, it is a mat-
ter of very little moment to which committee it is
referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the proper
reference is the Committee on Pensions. I am
aware that some such cases have been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; which, how-
ever, 1 have always thought improper. I would
observe here, Mr. President, that, were I to con-
sult my own feelings, there is no case I would
more readily take charge of than this. It is the
widow of one of the most gallant men that ever
wore a sword in the American army, and who,
with the habit of a soldier who is found most prom-
inent and most gallant, was wanting in forethought
in providing for his family.
I would be willing to encounter any personal
labor which would give this bill a favorable result;
but I do hope it will go to the usual committee,
the committee which has charge of all such meas-
ures. I have no doubt that, whenever the bill
comes again before the Senate for action, it will be
acted upon satisfactorily to all.
Mr. BORLAND. I will merely remark that I
have no objection to the reference of this bill to
the Committee on Pensions, and I now move to
amend my original motion by suggesting its refer-
ence lo that committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to ask the honor-
able Senator whether the memorial has been
printed ?
Mr BORLAND. It is not a memorial, but a
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Did the honorable Senator
say there was a memorial?
Mr. BORLAND. Not in this case. I will
fuither state here, in answer to an inquiry which
has been made, that, although tins bill meets with
my cordial assent and appiovai, as i trust it will
have the assent and approval of every Senator on
this floor, I have the authonty, the consent, the
wish of the friends of the party most interested
in this bill for its introduction here. I wish the
Senate to understand that.
The question was then taken on the reference
of the bill, and it was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special oider, viz: the compromise resolutions
submitted by Mr. Clay.
Mr. MILLER addressed the Senate for nearly
two hours, and then, without concluding, gave
way, on the suggestion of Mr. Seward, for a
motion to adjourn.
Before the adoption of that motion a conversa-
tion arose in relation to the order of succession.
As Mr. Walker has occasion to be absent for a
few days at an early period, it was conceded that
he should follow the honorable Senator from New
Jersey. Mr. Seward expressed a wish to fol-
low Mr. Walker, but he yielded to Mr. Rusk,
whose State has so large an interest in the settle-
ment of these questions. Mr. Butler intimated
that his colleague might wish to address the Sen-
ate at an early day, if he felt his health sufficiently
restored; and on all sidesa readiness wasexpressed
to yield to the convenience of the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina.
On motion, the further consideration of the sub-
ject was postponed to Monday next, and then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 25, 1850.
The Journal of Thursday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. THOMAS asked the unanimous consent of
the House at this time to piesent certain joint re-
solutions of the Legislature of Tennessee, with a
view (he said) to their reference to the Committee
on Public Lands and to their being printed.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the regular order of
business.
So the resolutions were not presented.
The SPEAKER said the regular order of busi- j
ness would be the call of the fc>tates for petitions.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BAKER rose, he said, to a privileged
question. Some time since, the memoiial of Hugh
M. Smith, delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico, was referred to the Committee on Elec-
tions. A motion to reconsider that vote had been
made by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Kauf-
man,] and the petition, by the rule, was laid over.
He (Mr. B.) now moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table, in order that the
memorial might go to the appropriate committee.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he believed the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] was
| not in order until the States hud been called
! through.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
—the Speaker having decided that the motion
would be in order so soon as the States had been
called.
Mr. JONES moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. -
Some conversation followed between the
SPEAKER and Mr. VINTON on a point of
! order.
| After which the question on the motion of Mr.
Jones was taken and decided iq the negative i
! without a division. j
j So the House refused to go into Committee of ;
the Whole on the state of the Union.
PETITIONS.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the call of the States for peti-
tions, commencing where the call was suspended
on a former day—w ith the State of Indiana. !
From the State of Indiana—By Messrs. Albert- i
son, Dunham, Fitch, Gorman, Harlan, Julian, ;
and McDonald. ,
Mr. FITCH presented the petition of Willys :
Peck and other citizens of Michigan city, Indiana, 1
asking Congress to take some action towards the
establishment of a Congress of Nations to settle
international disputes without a resort to aims;
which he moved to refer to a select committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, gave notice
of an intention to debate the proposition to refer;
consequently the matter lies over under the rule.
Mr. WHITE lose to inquire of the Speaker 1
whether every gentleman could not present his ;
petitions under the rule, and have them referred to :
the appropriate committees precisely as if they
were piesented in the House r j,
The Speaker assented.
Mr. WHITE hoped therefore, he said, that the
House would consent to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. And he moved
that the rules be suspended for that purpose.
Mr, MOREHEAD hoped, he said, t^at the
motion would be withdrawn, because there was
no mode of getting petitions from the files of the
House for the purpose of reference. And he de-
sired to refer some papers that were on the files.
The SPEAKER said that petitions on file, which
had heretofore been referred to a standing commit-
tee, might be taken from the files and referred un-
der the rule.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired what was the
next State to be called in order.
The SPEAKER said, the State of Mississippi.
Mr. PRESTON KING hflped the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union would be waived. He had, he said, a pe-
tition which he desired to present, but which he
could not present under the rule.
Mr. W HITE withdrew the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GORMAN asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill to
grant to the State of Indiana an additional town-
ship of land; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr.-BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
rules of the House be suspended, for the purpose
of enabling him to offer the following resolutions,
which were read for information:
Revived, That theCommittee on Territories he instructed
to inquire into and report lo tins House, whether the iate
P. evident, James K. folk, or any member of ins Cabinet,
did (I recily oi mdir< ctly, by any wiitten or verbal commu-
nication to the people of Cdhlurma, induce or attempt to
induce them to exclude slavery trom that Territory, or to
hmoduce the anti-slaveiy clause in the paper callt.d a con-
stitution, lately communicated to the f]eu e of Rijpie>ent;i-
ttves by the Pre-idun; and that they further inquire
whether any person wi iiin<i or speaking m the name oi the
late President or any member oi 1ns Cabinet, or assuming
to write or speak in the name of the part e> aforesaid, did
din-etly or indirectly attempt to influence the people oi Cal-
ifornia to exclude slavety from ^aid Termor} ;-ami that
they report the name ol said per-on or per-ons to this
House, and the grounds on winch they acted or a-sumed to
act; and that the committee aforesaid have power to stnd
for persons and papeis.
Resolved, further, That the same committee be instructed
to make the same inquiries as to the present President,
Zachary Taylor, and Ins Cabinet; and that they be em-
powered to send for persons and papers in the prosecu-
tion of this inquiry.
The resolution having been read—
! * Mr. BROWN asked the yeas and nays on the
I motion to suspend the rules, which were refused.
[ And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
ed?" was taken and decided in the negative.
So two-thirds not voting therefor, the rules were
not suspended, and the resolutions were not re-
ceived.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked and ob-
tained the unanimous consent of the House to re-
port from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, a bill to incorporate the Columbian Manu-
facturing Company, which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. B. also, on leave, introduced a joint resolu-
tion, of which previous notice had been given,
providing for the distribution of public documents
among the several counties in the United States;
which was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Piinting.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, introduced
the following resolution, by unanimous consent,
and it was read and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inqinie into the expediency of lepoiting a lull,
or lnenrpOMtmg in -some general hill, a piovi^ion for trie
cession to the fcftate ol Mississippi all the overflowed and
wa^te lands, lying within said Slate, and situated in the
Mississippi bottom, between the high lands on the ea-t side
oi the Yazoo river and the Mississippi river, foi the purpose
of constituting a levee on the eastern bank ol said river,
beginning at the high lands near Horn Lake, De Soto
county, and terminating at the mouth ot the Yazoo nver in
said rtiate, with a view to the reclaiming ot said lands.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution,viz;
Raolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill which shall provide lor the pay-
ment of the chaplains to the two Houses of Congress by the
