1850-
TH E CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
' ever unavailing, reflect upon them the highest
' honor. The Indian, at a loss to reconcile the
'friendly professions of the Christian, who labors
' for their moral and religious improvement, with
'the cruel treatment inflicted upon them by the
' Government, doubts the sincerity of the Chris-
' tian, his jealousies and suspicions are excited,
'and the most bitter enmity to the whites rankles
' in his bosom." Sir, this picture, mournful as it
is, which was presented to this House twenty-
seven years ago, by the distinguished chairman of
he Committee on Indian Affairs at that time, is a
most correct delineation of the state of things ex-
isting at this distant period. One which would be
more truthful and applicable to the present condi-
tion of affairs cannot be drawn. 'The thousands
of dollars contributed by the Christian community
in this land, for the melioration of the condition of
the Indian race, and the faithful and unwearying
labors of the missionaries of the Cross to evangel-
ize them, will be alike unavailing, until the whole
Indian system of the Government is changed. 1
bear cheerful testimony to the zeal and constancy
with which these missionaries have labored in the
Northwest, while 1 lament that they have not met
with the success with which their exertions would
have been crowned, if the policy of the Govern-
ment had not interposed an insurmountable barrier.
It is a fact, Mr. Chairman, that under the opera-
tion of the present system, the Indian, when de-
prived of his lands, becomes entirely indifferent
and apathetic as to his fate. With the mark of
Cain upon his brow, regarded as a vagabond and
treated as such, he actually loses a portion of his
former vitality, and falls an unresisting prey to
the slightest form of disease. It is an utter fallacy
to suppose, that the diminution in the number of
the Indians is attributable to the use of intoxica-
ting drinks.. True, this is an evil of great magni-
tude, which should be suppressed. But the real
cause will be found in the policy which reduces
the comparatively noble and independent savage
to the condition of a vagrant and an outcast.
If you are sincerely desirous that he should strive
against the process of demoralization, you must
place before him some motive to stimulate his am-
bition, and some hope that by a course of moral
and intellectual culture, he can attain to an equality
with his white brethren. But to do this effectu-
ally, you must first win back his confidence, and
convince him that the pledged faith of your Gov-
ernment, is considered as a solemn and a binding
obligation, not to be dispensed with at pleasure.
Sir, I believe the first step to be taken for the
Improvement of the Indians, is to exlend over
them the protection of law. With this view,
I had the honor at the beginning of this session,
to introduce for the consideration of this body, a
bill for the extension of the laws of the United
States, over the Indian tribes within the boundaries
of Minnesota and Oregon. I included thelatter at
the special instance and request of my friend, the
Delegate ftom that Territory, who fully concurs
with me as to the propriety and necessity of such
a measure. Sir, I can say in all sincerity, that
unless this bill, or a corresponding one, is passed
by Congress, all other plans for the civilization of
the Indians will fail. It is the substratum upon
which all else must rest. It has for its object, the
security of life and property among the Indians
themselves, to protect the industriously disposed
against the system of communism by which they
are now oppressed, I do not ground my convic-
tions of the beneficial operations of this measure
upon my own individual opinion only, but upon
those of the officers of the Government, of the
missionaries, and of many prominent citizens of
our Territory, who have all had much opportunity
of acquiring information connected with the con-
dition of the Indians. They have petitioned you
to pass such a bill. The objection, which has
with some plausibility been urged against it, that
it would bear with too much severity upon a bar-
barous people, unaccustomed to the discipline of'
law, has in reality no foundation, for its very intent
and operation would be to arrest the cruelties and
outrages which are now practiced among them,
upon persons and property. Anothei difficulty
may perhaps be suggested, that these tribes are in-
dependent, and that consequently no right exists
on the part of this Government, to subject them to
its laws. But, sir, this state of independence is
only nominal. The Indians hold their lands by
a usufructuary right, or right of occupation, the
fee simple being in the United States. For this
reason, the Government has never hesitated to
make such rules and regulations within the limits
of the Indian country, operating equally upon
whites and Indians, as it has deemed expedient.
And, sir, your functionaries have ever taken upon
themselves to inflict punishment at will upon one
tribe for committing aggressions upon another
tribe. Stripes, confinement at hard labor, and the
degradation and imprisonment of the chiefs and
principal men, for petty offences, have been resort-
ed to, whenever the occasion prompted a recourse
to such inflictions. Nay, sir, your Department of
Indian Affairs has heretofore arrogated to itself the
right to stop the payment of annuities to the tribes,
under solemn treaty stipulations, when one tribe
has been guilty of aggressions upon another band.
This was done on one occasion within a few years,
when, because three or four individuals of the
tribe, entitled to provisions in accordance with
treaty stipulations, joined a war party, and were
present at the murder of some persons of a differ-
ent tribe, the department ordered the stoppage of
the annuities of the bands to which the offenders
belonged, and thereby occasioned the death of
more than one hundred and fifty innocent indi-
viduals by starvation, or diseases engendered by
improper food.
In the face of such facts as these, sir, where is
there any propriety in opposing the objection to
the passage of the bill referred to, on the score of
the independence of these tribes? The plea is a
mere mockery, and one object of the bill is to
place these poor creatures under the benign rule of
our own laws, and thereby put a stop forever to all
the arbitrary and illegal proceedings to which I
have called your attention. If the Indians must
be punished, let the inflictions at least be regulated
by law. Sir, the very measure I am advocating,
and which anticipates the division of property
among the individual Indians, has been often rec-
ommended by eminent and experienced men hold-
ing high stations under this Government. In
17S9 General Knox, then Secretary of War, thus
expressed himself m a report to the President:
" But it has been conceived to be impracticable to
' civilize the Indians ofNorth America. This opin-
' ion is probably more convenient than just. To
' deny that under a course of favorable circum-
' stances it could be accomplished, is to suppose
' the human character under the influence of such
1 stubborn habits, as to be incapable of melioration
' or change, a supposition entirely contradicted by
' the progress of society, from its barbarous ages
' to its present degree of perfection. Were it pos-
'sible to introduce among the Indian tribes a love
'for exclusive property, it would be a happy com-
' mencement of the business."
Mr. Calhoun took the same view of the subject
in his report in 1822 : " To tribes thus surround-
' ed, nothing can be conceived more opposed to
' their happiness and civilization, than this state of
' nominal independence, while it has nearly all the
' disadvantages of a state of absolute subjugation.
' The consequence is inevitable. They lose the
' lofty spirit and heroic courage of the savage state,
'without acquiring the virtues which belong to the
'civilized. Depressed in spirit, and debauched in
' morals, they dwindle away a wretched existence,
'a nuisance to the surrounding country. Unless
' some system can be devised, gradually to change
' this relation, and with the progress of education to
' extend over them our laws and authority, it is feared
' that all efforts to civilize them, whatevet flattering
'appearances they may for a while exhibit, must
' ultimately fail."
Sir, I might continue quotations to any extent,
in support of the principle that there can be no
hope of improvement for the Indian, until he is
brought within the pale of the law. But those 1
have recited, together with the fact that the failure
of Congress to adopt them, has produced the dis-
astrous results that were predicted, should be a
sufficient guarantee to this House, and to the coun-
try, that no evil, but much good, would follow the
passage of this proposed bill. The gentleman,
recently at the head of the Indian Bureau, has
recommended such a measure in his late report.
His view of its necessity, is based upon the reasons
which have been urged by the several superintend-
ents and agents of the department. It is indeed
pregnant with blessings to the poor savage. Under
its operation, the murders, the massacres, and the
destruction of property will cease. The wars be-
tween hostile bands will be surpressed-. A new
era will have commenced in the history of the red'
man, and the corner-istone of his civilization will
have been iaid. Hand in hand with this measure,
should be a provision that each individual of what-
ever tribe, who will cultivate the soil for three con-
secutive years, shall be entitled to a grant of a-
certain number of acres of land, without the power,
however, of alienating it. By thus doing; you
will stimulate those who are industrious to exer-
tion. With an experienced gentleman from whom
I have already quoted, I believe that " thehistoEy
' of all nations, Christian or Heathen, will confirm
' the fact, that none of the sons and1 daughters of
' men ever did become extensively civilized, vir-
' tuous and happy, except they were stimulated to
' industry and enterprise, by giving them an idea of
' separate property, and securing to each individual.
' the fruits of his own labor, industry and entsr-
' prise, with the powerof transmitting them to those
' who are most near and dear to him." And who
can urge a stronger claim upon you in favor of
such a grant than the poor savage, the descendant
of that noble race who have given you an empire,
such as the world lias never seen? While youare
agitating the question in this Hall of the propriety
of giving to every white settler a large portion of
the public lands, " without money and without
price," no voice has been heard in favor of that
portion of God's creation, from whom you have,
received these lands, for a consideration too insig-
nificant to be taken into the account. Has any
one suggested that common justice would teach usi
to provide a home for the Indian, and that perad-
venture he might be reclaimed from his savage,
state ? No, sir; he belongs to a doomed race, and
it is not deemed worth the pains to endeavor to
avert his impending fate. As if God in his mercy
had ever placed upon this earth, a race created in
i his own image, fore-ordained only to suffer and to
die!
Sir, give to the wandering savage a home se-
cured to him by law, and you will have done
much to redeem him. You thereby begin the pro-
cess of denationalization, and the end will be his
incorporation into the American family. Mean-
while bestow upon him civil privileges, withhold-
ing political rights, until he is sufficientlyadvaneed,
to appreciate their enjoyment. Establish manual-
labor schools for the'education of his children in
the useful arts, and in the English language, and
afford him at the same time, the blessings of re-
ligious instruction. Insist that all the children
as they arrive at a suitable age, shall attend these
schools, and let them be kept as much as possible,
from the demoralizing influences with which they
are now surrounded. The annuities of the differ-
ent bands will, of course, continue to be divided
as they now are, per capita, and each individual
who is the head of a family, will thus receive the
means to aid him in his endeavors to meliorate hia
condition. Adopt these incipient measures, and*
thus prepare the way for the reception of the In-
dian as an equal into your community. You will
' thereby relieve him from the incubus which now
threatens the speedy extinction of this unhappy
people. It will then be no longer the case as it is
now, that your first intercourse with the savage,
the first apparently friendly grasp of the hand
which you tender him, will infuse a slow but foul
and mortal poison in his veins, to blight his hopes,
destroy his energies, and send him an unresisting
victim to the grave.
Sir, in this work you will have the cooperation
of every man on the frontier, except, perhaps, of
a few miserable wretches, who risk their souls'
salvation by the sale of intoxicating liquors to the
Indians. These few are rapidly diminishing,
scathed as they are by the burning indignation of
a sound public sentiment. For the rest, I know
of no others among us so utterly depraved, as not
to bid " God speed" to measures which have a
direct tendency to elevate the poor savage. Sir,
there is nothing to prevent the civilization of the
Indian race. They are gifted with a high order
of intellect, and an aptitude for acquiring knowl-
edge fully equal to tli'at possessed by the whites;
and this nation will be held responsible before
God and man, if it longer neglects to provide for
the preservation of the remaining tribes..
But, Mr. Chairman, I remark in conclusion, that
if anything is to be done it must be done now.
The busy hum of civilized communities is already
heard far beyond the mighty Mississippi. You
