414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
Mr. JONES gave notice of bis intention to de-
bate the question of reference, which caused the
question to be laid over under the rule.
THE UNION.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented two petitions,—one
from Isaac Jefferis, and other citizens of Pennsyl-
vania; and from John J. Woodward and other
citizens of Delaware and Pennsylvania. The
petitions were in the following form :
We the undersigned inhabitants of Pennsylvania and
Delaware, believing that the Federal Constitution m pledg-
ing the strength of the whole nation to support slavery,
violates the divine law, makes war upon human rights, and
is grossly inconsistent with republican principles; that its
attempt to unite freedom and slavery in one body politic
has already brought upon the country great and manifold
evils, and has fully proved that no such union can exist, hut
• by the sacrifice of freedom to the supremacy of slavery; re-
spectfully ask you to desire and propose without delay,
some plan for the immediate peaceful dissolution of the
American Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to refer the petitions to
a select committee with instructions to inquire-
First, Whether dissatisfaction with our Federal
Union exists among the people of these States?
Secondly, If so, to what extent doe;- such dis-
content exist?
Thirdly, From what has such dissatisfaction
arisen ?
Fourthly, The proper means of restoring con-
fidence among the people.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, gave notice that he
intended to debate the petitions.
The SPEAKER. The question must then go
over."
Mr. McCLERNAND rose and objected to the
reception of the petitions.
Mr. HOUSTON said he also had risen for the
same purpose.
Mr. (VicCLERNAND (continuing) was under-
stood to say, that the petitions were upon a sub-
ject over which this House had no control, and
that they did not deserve to be received.
Mr. OGLE, (to the Chair.) Is it m order to
move that the petitions belaid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The petitions are not yet
received, The question is on their reception.
Mr. SCHENCK (to the Chair.) What is the
prayer ofrhe petition ? Does it pray for a dissolu-
tion of the Union ?
A Member. It prays that measures be taken
for that end.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope that it will be
rejected.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
the reception.
The reading of one of the petitions was again
called for, and it was read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to call for the reading ot the names.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to the further
reading.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, inquired whether
the petitioners were men or women?
Mr. HOUSTON moved that he be excused
from voting, and proposed to give his reasons for
that motion.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order under
the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired of the Chair whether
there was no mode by which he could express the
strong indignation he felt at the presentation of
these petitions, represented to be m part from cit-
izens of the State of Delaware ?
The SPEAKER said, that on the question of
the reception of the petition no remarks were m
order.
Mr. HOUSTON (amidst great confusion and
myny calls to order) proceeded to denounce the
petition in teims not distinctly heard at the report-
er's desk. He was understood, however, to deny
that they were signed by citizens of Delaware,
and to say that he hoped the petitions would be
rejected with the scorn and contempt which they
merited.
The question, ''Shall the petitions be leceivedr"
was then taken and decided in the negative—
yeas 8, nays J62, as follows:
VEAS—.Me.-i-is. Allot), Durkee, Giddmg-, Goodenow,
Howe, Julian, Pie^-ton King, and Itoot— S.
NAYS—Messrs. AlberUon, Alston, Anderson, Andrews, i
A*htnun, Averoft, Bay. B-aie, Bennett, Dootn, Bovvdon, !
Bowlin, Boy.?, Btccfc. Bnggs, \lhert G. Broivn, Bunrnvs, ,
Burt, ThomasB. Butler, E. Ca in ton Cabell, Joseph Cable, 1
George A. Caldwell, Jo^pb P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, j
wr^.rVpilsey'^lsai^!er' Cleveland, Williamson R. ,
w. Cobb, Coicoek, Cole, Corwin, Deberry, Dimmick, Dis- I
ney, Duncan, Edmuadson, Alex. Evans, Natnan Evans, I
Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gil-
more, Gorman, Gould, Green, Grinneil, Hall, Halloway,
Hamilton, Hammond.Hampton, Harlan, H.umanson, E^ham
G. Harri«, Sampson W. Harns, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hay-
mond, Hebard, Hcmy, Bibnard, HilHard, Hoaglaod, Holi-
day, Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Hunter, Tngo, Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
Kerr, Darnel P. King, George G. Kme, Jame* G. King,
John A. Kins, La Skrc, Horacc Mann, Job Mann,
Matteson, McClernand, McDowell, McGaughey, McLana-
han, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean* McMullen,
McQueen, McWilhe, Meacham, Meade, Miller, Mill&on,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogie, Old?, Oir, Otis,
Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps, Phcemx,
potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Robinson, Rose, Ross, Sav-
<|kg~e,Sawtell.c, Schenck,Schermerhoin, Shcpperd, Silvester,
Spalding, Sprague, Staniv, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alex. H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, William
Thompson, Thucnian, IJndcrhill, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Watkms. Wellborn, Wentwoith, White,
Whittlesey, Wildnck, Williams, Wiimot, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—162.
So the petitions were rejected.
[Mr. Crowell declined to vote, stating that
he had agreed not to vote during the absence of
Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas.]
[Mr. Cleveland (when his name was called,
said that if he understood this petition, it prayed
for that which Congress had no power to
grant, therefore, he should not agree to its recep-
tion.]
Mr. ROOT presented a petition from George
W. Close and 18 other citizens of the State of
Maryland, asking Congress to prohibit slavery in
the Territories, and to abolish it in the District of
Columbia; which, on his motion, was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER presented a petition to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to, viz:
Rrsolred, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to tins Hous>e, at the earliest practicable pe-
nod, the re-ult of such examinations as have been made by
the offi ers ot the Topographical Bureau, of'•■the harbor ot
Sandusky Bay, on Lake Erie; and aho the estimate ot the
chief of that Btueitu, founded on that examination, of the
amount at this tune neccs^ary foi tlie improvement of the
haibor; together with such (acts touching its position and
commercial importance, and the nece=Mfy of such improvc-
« ent a- may be iri his possession: and also the piesentcon-
dition of the public work-  at the haibor of Cunningham's
creek, on Lake line, and such information as may be in his
power to furnif-h in regard to the cost and expediency of
completing the ?amu, and of restoring the light-house at that
point.
Mr. SCHENCK presented a petition from citi-
zens of Ohio, asking for the abolition of the office
of chaplain.
Mr. S. on presenting the petition said : Mr.
Speaker, this petition comes to me through the
mail, without any accompanying letteror explana-
tion. 1 recognize, however, some of the names
subscribed, and am satisfied that it is from citizens
of Ohio, as it purports to be. The petitioners are
all of them, I dare say, very good, and very re-
spectable, and very conscientious people; and I
hope that the chaplain of this House will remem-
ber them, as he does us, in his prayers. And in
order that the subject of the petition may have a
proper and respectful consideration, I move that
it be referred, as other petitions of like character
have been, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. SCHENCK presented a memorial contain-
ing the proceedings of a convention of delegates
elected by the people of New Mexico, held at Santa
Fe, in December, 1849, presenting a plan of gov-
ernment, and asking the action of Congress there-
on.
Mr. S. moved the reference of the memorial to
the Committee on Territories, and that it be
printed.
Mr. HOWARD gave notice of his intention to
debate the proposition to refer.
By the rule, therefore, the memorial would lie
over; but—
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of considering the motion
at this time.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired whether the memo-
rial came from the people or from the delegates ?
Mr. SCHENCK explained.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended r"
was then taken and decided in the affirmative:
yeas 135, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alberuon, Alexander, Ashmun, Bay,
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs, Burrows,
Thomas B. Butler, R. Cabell, Joseph Cable, Jost ph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Caiter,Ch<widler, Clark. Cleve-
land, C;irigman} Williamson It. W. Cobb, Conger, Corwin,
Deberry, Dickey, Dimmick, Df.-ney, Doty, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Alex. Evan-, Natnan Evan.-, Ewmg, Fitch,
Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Geriv, Giddmg-", Goode-
now, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grinneb, Hall, Halloway, Ham-
ilton, Hampton, Harlan, Thoma> L. Harris, Hay, Haymonri,
Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, flilliard, Hoaglaiid, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, Jackson* Andrew Johnson, James L. John-
son, Jones, Keir, Daniel P. King, Geoige G. King, James G.
King, John A. King, Preston King, Leftb r, Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Mason, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, Mc-
Kissoek, McLanaban, Finis D. McLean, Meacham, Miller,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Oti^, Out-
law, Peaslee, Phelps, Phcemx, Poltei, Putnam, Reynold?,
Robinson, Root, Rose, Ross, Sackett, Savag-, S.iwtelle,
Schenck, Schermerhom, Sciioolciaft, Sheppeid, Silvester.
Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Tbad. Stevens.-, Stet-o.i. Strong
Taylor, James Thompson, William Thompson, Thurman,
Underbill, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkin4-, Wentworth,
White, VVhittle&ey, Wildnck, Wiimot,'Wilson, Wood, and
Young—135.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Alston, Andeison, Averett, Bowdon,
Albert G. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Coleock, Ed-
mundson, Featherston, Gilmoie, Green, Hammond, Ishain
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris Holliday, Howard, Hub-
bard, Ifl2e, Kaufman, La Sdie, McDowell, Robert M. Mc-
Lane, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Mifison,
Morse, Orr, Patker, Powell, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Sianton,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Tnompson, Venable,
Wallace, Wellborn, Williams, and Woodward—12.
So (two-thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of IVir. Schenck, to icfer the memorial
to the Committee on Territories, and to print it,
and was decided in the affirmative.
So the memorial was referred to the Committee
on Territories, and was ordered to be printed.
Petitions were further presented—
From Kentucky : By Messrs. Breck, Cald-
well, Marshall, Mason, and McLean-.
From Tennessee: By Messrs. Ewmaanil Stan-
ton.
Mr. STANTON presented the memorial of the
Memphis convention, praying the Congress of the
United States to cause to be surveyed the several
routes for a railroad from the Mississippi valley to
the Pacific ocean.
The petition lies over, objection being made to
its reference without debate.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, on leave in-
troduced a joint reso'ution to grant certain widows
pensions from the 4th of March, 1841, to the 4th
of March, 1843; which was read twice by its
title and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
Mr. MARSHALL, on leave, introduced a bill
to protect the rights of citizens of the United
States; which was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
By Mr. BUEL: The petition of Allen Dunning and 32
o heis, citizens of Cass co .lity, Michigan, piaymg lor a
cheap postage system.
Also, the petition of H. N. Stions and 67 other--, citizens
of Detioit, praving for the tree navig tion oi the St. Law-
rence river.
Bj Mr. KING, of Massachusetts : The petition of Edward
Buinham and 174 other citizens of North Dan vers, for cheap
po^age.
Ait.o, of W. Jaincs Webb and 60 other.?, of Boston, for
the Maine object.
Ai-o, the petition of John Gdley and 25 others, of Marble-
head, for a chaiter for P. P. F. Legiand to construct a rail-
load and telegiaph from St Louu to San Francisco.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition ot John F. Emery
and 168 other citizens of Bath.
Also, the petition of Jo-ltua S. Gay and 24 other citizens
of Andovpr, in the State ot Maine, severally asking tor a le-
duction of postage.
By Mi. HOWE : The petition of P. Tinneyaml 3;' others,
cit'zi ns of Venango county, Pemif-y! .ania, piaving Con-
gress for a chan_v m the tariff, inciea^r of dnu 'j, ^e
Ai*o, the pennon of James> iku mond and 20 otlieiv, citi-
zens of Venango county, Penri-ylvan a. piayuig Congas to
reduce the Mtes of p( fa;'0.
^ 15v Mr. BOWIJN : The petition of Sophia Davenpott, of
Lou:*, heir of Edmund Jone-.. formally of Boston, Mas-
•vichu^etK ptawji',' an nppioptiation, to *ati<iy ciaims for
French «pohntton - pu«r to 1SU1.
Also, the memorial of the city of St. Lout-, a>kin& Con-
2re^s to reserve and lehuquish to >aid city all c Uim to Quar-
antine I-hUiil, Duncan's Inland or bar, and all ori.cr unap-
propriated land- within her eoiporato limit-. And on bis
motion it was refetred to tin: Committee on the Public
Lands and ordered to be printed.
By Mr. HAULAV : Toe. petition of J. n <r! tan Hat; hens,
of the countv of i?amio!ph, in the of Indiana, prajing
Congress to give him bounty land and a pension for services
rendered during the revolutionary war.
AUo, the petition ot John M. Wheeler, of the town of
