1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
. in the discussion of slavery. Both Houses
Save presented to the world the appearance of a
continued abolition convention, discussing the sub-
ject of slavery, and nothing else. Of this i am the
last man in the world to complain. I am quite
conscious that we have sent out to the country an
amount of intelligence on this important question
never promulgated before, [t is information needed
by the people, and important to the country. But
I appeal to gentlemen whether the time has not
come when this general discussion should cease;
when we should forbear to prosecute it further;
when we should turn our attention to the passage
of the bills absolutely necessary to be passed;
when we should act, andcofe instead of occupying
the time in general discussions foreign to the ques-
tion before us? Does not duty to ourselves, to
those who sent us here, and to thecountry, demand
that we should now proceed to the dispatch of
business? I make no complaint of any individual,
i have occupied the attention of the House far
more than I intended. 1 only wish to say
that I think the time has come when we
should all of us abstain from further discussions
of this general character. I know the anxiety of
gentlemen each to express his own views on this
subject of slavery. I myself strove for many
years and contended strenuously for the privilege
of speaking upon it, but was not permitted to do
so. Now all the members have engaged in it, and,
asthecommon saying is, they talk upon nothing else.
But shall we not best sustain the character of
American statesmen by the speedy and prompt
passage of these appropriation bills, and such
others as ought to be passed, and then return to
our constituents r I take this occasion to return
my thanks to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for his efforts to carry
these bills through as speedily as possible, and
tender to him the assurance that I will, to the ex-
tent of my humble influence, aid him in his lauda-
ble endeavors to get these bills through committee,
and have no hesitation fn pledging myself to vote
against the adjournment on any day until we shall
perfect and pass at least one of these appropriation
bills while they shall remain before us.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman and his
friends will not vote to attach the Wilmot proviso
to the territorial bills, we can get through all our
business—have California admitted and establish
territorial governments—in less than three weeks,
and go home.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If that question comes up,
i assure the gentleman and the House that I will
not occupy time in useless discussion upon it; but
1 presume that he nor any other member would
desire that 1 should forbear to vote according to the
dictates of my judgment.
Mr. BAYLY begged simply to say to the com-
mittee, in reference to this bill making appropria-
tions for the Indian Department for the present
fiscal year, that there was not a contested item in
the bill. All of the appropriations v/ere to carry
out Indian treaties. Such being the case, and two
speeches having already been made upon the bill,
he moved that the committee rise, with a view to
stop the debate.
Mr. FITCH said, before the committee rose he
wished to ask a question of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. He perceived
that there was a very large duplicate appropria-
tion in the bill, and the words used were the
same in both instances. He would like to be in-
formed by the gentleman whether this had occurred
by mistake, or whether there was some good rea-
son for it.
After some delay in turning to the items re-
ferred to—
Mr. BAYLY renewed his motion to rise, re-
marking that he would subsequently make the
explanation desired by the gentleman from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to, and
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. BAYLY offered the usual resolution pro-
viding for the termination of the debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in
five minutes after the bill should again have been
taken up in committee.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he did not
know when this session was coming to an end. If
they were going to stay here all the fall, it was ne-
cessary for the health of the members that they
should have a little respite. He proposed, there-
fore, that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
Monday.
The motion was put, and disagreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY,
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading, and read
several items.
Mr. BAYLY (upon a pro forma amendment)
remarked, that these two appropriations were for
the same object. They were made under the
recommendation of the Indian Bureau to change
from the calendar to the fiscal year. These sums
were stipulated for in the same treaty, but for
different periods of time, and it had been suggested
that the two appropriations should be made at
once, in order to produce uniformity.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved an amend-
ment, increasing the item of appropriation for the
buildings-at the agencies, and the repairs thereof,
from $2,000 to the sum of $2,800.
Mr. J. asked that an explanatory letter from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be read.
And it was read.
Mr. J. resumed. He would also state, in addi-
tion to the facts contained in this letter, the fur-
ther information: when the present building was
originally erected it was located on land which
was afterwards discovered to be frequently subject
to overflow. And these inundations had become
at length so injurious in their effects, that the
officer occupying the building was finally com-
pelled to abandon it altogether.
Mr. CARTTER inquired whether this appro-
priation wes not, in fact, for the extension of the
present building.
Mr. JOHNSON replied in the negative. Had
it been intended as an addition to the present, the
appropriation would not have been sanctioned by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, nor would he
have advocated it. This money was not asked
for the purpose of enlarging the present building,
but to furnish the officer with a residence in which
he can live.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER asked for information o'n the
item of contingencies for the Indian Department.
Mr. BAYLY quoted from the documents, and
explained
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to strike
out the following item:
"For support of blacksmiths, and for farming utensils
anil cattle, and the employment of persons to aid them in
agriculture, stipulated in the seventh article of the treaty of
14th of January, 1837—$2,000."
Mr. BAYLY. It is provided for by treaty.
Mr. EVANS said, he knew it.
Mr. E. continued: He rose for the purpose of
remarking that this bill was, m effect, a western
fortification bill. If it does not sanction the erec-
tion of fortifications, as the bill under considera-
tion yesterday did, it was no less designed to pro-
tect the lives and property on the northwest fron-
tier, than that bill was intended for the defence of
our sea-board. He was curious to hear the argu-
ments by which this bill was supported by those
gentlemen who had so strenuously opposed the
fortification bill yesterday. Surely there was no
necessity for expending these large sums to buy
off the hostility of the Indian tribes, against the
gallant citizens of our northwest frontier, who could
carry our national flag in triumph to the end of
the world. He begged, however, to have it dis-
tinctly understood that he intended to vote for this
bill, because it was carrying out our great public
policy in relation to these Indian tribes, and for
the protection of the citizens of those States along
that extensive and exposed frontier. But he would
ask those gentlemen who are so loudly in favor
of retrenchment when the fortification bill was up
yesterday, how they could reconcile it to their own
views of consistency, to come forward and vote
forthis. Whydid they not feel the same anxiety to
record their votes against this, as they did against
the fortification bill? He meant, however, to give
his vote for the bill.
He withdrew the ameudment.
Mr. CARTTER renewed the amendment. The
honorable gentleman from Maryland (said Mr. C.)
seems to think that he has got me into a tight
place; and talks of these appropriations as being
appropriations for the West. Now it occurs tome
that the error into which the gentleman has fallen
grows out of a total ignorance of the subject.
Why, sir, in making appropriation* there you are
only fulfilling a contract that you have made with
the Indians. It is the payment of a stipulated sum
for a stipulated consideration. You are rendering
to the Indians payment for lands that you have
taken from them. The price of those lands has
been transferred to the Federal Treasury, and it is
the duty of this Government to pay for them. But
the gentleman can see no difference between voting
money for fortifications, and voting money for the
redemption of a contract. The gentleman says
this is a western movement. How is the West
benefited? What proportion does the West re-
ceive of the three millions of dollars that go into
yourTreasury annually from the sales of the public
lands? You are drawing from us our resources
constantly, and transferring them to the sea-board.
This has been the case ever since the commence-
ment of this Government. 1 am surprised that
my friend should go so wide of the mark to find a
scape-goat for the injustice that is constantly being
done to us.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed it, for the purpose,
he said, of submitting a few remarks in reference
to what had been said concerning the Northwest,
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] this
morning. It was true that he intended to vote for
this appropriation.
Mr. BAYLY. Let me appeal to my friend
from Delaware not to discuss the fortification bill,
but to let the vote be taken upon this.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am not going to discuss the
fortification bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I make the point of order that it
is not in order to discuss the fortification bill, the
Indian appropriation bill being before the commit-
Mr. HOUSTON. I assure my friend from Vir-
ginia that 1 do not intend to discuss the fortifica-
tion bill. I will do almost anything to accommo-
date him. 1 acknowledge that he is entitled to
great credit for the zeal which he displays in press-
ing forward the appropriation bills. But the
gentleman is aware that 1 have refrained for a
week past from making an hour's speech that I
desired to make, solely to allow the appropriation
bills to be proceeded with; and it is with great re-
gret that I feel under the necessity of declining to
comply with his request on this occasion.. The
gentleman from Ohio makes this distinction be-
tween this bill and the other appropriation bills.
He says this is an appropriation to carry out ex-
isting treaty stipulations, and that the West is not
benefited by it. Why, sir, is not the whole poli-
cy of this Government in the removal of the In-
dians, designed expressly fof the benefit of the
people of the Northwest? What benefit is the
people of Delaware to derive from the removal of
the Indians from Wisconsin? It is the people of
the Northwest who require this sum of $1,800,000
to carry out this policy—for whose benefit? For
the benefit of the people of the Northwest. And
I say here that more money has been expended
by this Government for the West than for the sea-
board. Sir, the State of Ohio, the very State
which the honorable gentleman represents, has had
a greater share of benefit from the public domain
than any other State in this Union. I say this se-
riously; and it is not declamation, for the records •
and documents which have been placed before us
in years past will sustain me m the declaration.
I am in favor of this appropriation, but I call upon
gentlemen of the Northwest, who seem to grudge
us every appropriation that is made for the sea-
board, to extend to us hereafter something like the
same liberality.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM said: Mr. Chairman, I renew
the amendment. Although I do not often trouble
the House with my speaking, I should not con-
sider that I was doing justice to those whom 1 rep-
resent, if I were to allow such remarks as have
been made by the gentleman from Delaware to
pass without notice. He says all the money that
is to be appropriated by this bill is for the benefit
of the Northwest. That ten times as muehmoney
has been expended for her benefit, as for all the
Union beside. Sir, this has ever been the course
pursued by these eastern gentlemen, lheyannu-
