1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIMBR.
ma
continue, and will still continue, from year to year.
Although the tribes may diminish and decay, the
money is still appropriated. The agent for one
tribe acts as the agent of another. There are no
sub-agencies among these Indians. If a tribe falls
into decay, and diminishes down to a few individ-
uals, the agent will not admit the fact. He will
contrive to pick up some straggling remnant of the
tribe to become his sub-agent, and they will re 
ceive the amount of the appropriation, and divide
it between them. He thought the most proper
course would be to retain the amount of the appro-
priations in the public Treasury.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was then proceeded with,
and several typographical errors were corrected.
THE WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the bill by inserting as follows:
"Twelve thousand dollars for the Winnebago tribe of
Indians, to restore that amount unlawfully paid by the Sec-
retary ot War to the iegai representatives of John McFar-
lan, deceased, out of the peimanem annuities, to the said
tribe." *
He explained the amendment, which he had
submitted by instruction of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. He referred to the report made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLan-
ahan,] to sustain the justice and propriety of the
appropriation. A bill on thesubject was reported
in the Senate, and was acted on in that body, and
passed without opposition. That bill came to the i
House, and was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affaus, and it had received the unanimous
sanction of that committee, by whom he was in-
structed to offer it now, as an amendment to the
Indian appropriation bill. The object of this ap-
propriation was simply to restore to the tribe for
which it is designed, the annuity of which they
had been unjustly deprived by the action of this
Government. He did not anticipate any objection
to the amendment. It was one which the House
ought, and he had no doubt would,'adopt.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise.
The motion was rejected.
The question recuned on the amendment.
And the amendment was agreed to
The reading of the bill by items was continued.
POTTAWATAM1ES.
The following item being under consideration:
" For interest on $643,000, at five per centum, stipulated
in the 7th aiucle ot the treaty of 5th June, 1846, the sum ot
$32,150,"—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to strike
out the appropriation for $32,150 for the Potta-
wattamies, and said, this was a double appropria-
tion—a duplicate appropriation in words and fig-
ures. It originated under the same treaty and for
the same cause. It was the same $32,150 specified
on a preceding page of the bill, under the same
head of " Pottawattamies." He had examined this
list of estimates which had been adopted by the
Committee of Ways and Means maturely. He
found these estimates leported verbatim et literatim
by the committee as a bill to the House. He
could say the bill of estimates, and of course the
bill before the House, was not sound in severa
particulars; and the legislation proposed on this
item was not such as ought to be adopted.
The committee of which he had the honor to
be chairman, would clear him of any such charge
as a disposition to injure the Administration by
stinting the amount of appropriation called for in
the estimates of the departments, where good rea-
son was shown for the demand. He could, and
now did, appeal to the members of that commit-
tee with confidence on this.
But this item is wrong. It had fallen to his lot
as chairman, m connection with a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Thompson,
of Mississippi,] to examine the estimates on which
this bill was reported. He had gone to the chief
clerk of the Indian Bureau. The chief clerk was i
unable to explain it satisfactorily. This was sev- j
eral months ago. He would not speak of minutia, j
as it was several months ago, and in the interim |
this item had escaped his attention. But he would t
say this," that the explanation was unsatisfactory—
that it admitted the duplicate appropriation, and
that the duplicate appropriation was to be availed
of as an appropriation one year in advance. The
demand for the duplicate was based on some
peculiar difficulty connected with the fiscal year. It
was wrong, in his candid opinion.
The first appropriation of $32,150, now made,
reaches to June 30,1851. The duplicate reaches
from June 30, 1851, to June 30, 1852. This was
not only for the fiscal year which is our legitimate
business, but for the fiscal year beyond, which be-
longs to the second session of this Congress.
But, sir, this bill of appropriation*comes up an-
nually. It, therefore, comes up in this next De-
cember, 1850. The same item is bound to be em-
braced; and, therefore, (if not thrown out of view
or acted on in error, and declared to be for a more
immediate period,) must be made to embrace the
period beginning with the 30th June, 1852, and
running to 30th June, 1853. Truly, this will en-
force the action of this Congress upon the public
Treasury, not only to a period beyond their own
existence, in the way of what is matter purely of
annual appropriation, but will lead to this result,
that this Congress will have provided for annual
appropriations before it expires, to a period (the
30th of June, 1853) beyond the very existence of
the next or thirty-second Congress. If right in
one case, it is right in all the appropriations. It
was usurpation, and a dangerous vice in legisla-
tion.
Besides, it is unnecessary now to make it; for
before the sum now appropriated can be expend-
ed, and before another similar sum can be called
for, to wit, on the 30ih June, 1851, this Congress
will have acted upon the annual bill, and appro-
priated means to serve the purposes of Govern-
ment up to June, 1852.
But (he said) he had another and a grave and
weighty objection to these appropriations, thus to
be made from eighteen months to two years in ad-
vance. It was an abuse, of itself, of power. But
it opened the door, and would give rise to extended
and ruinous frauds upon the Government funds.
These things, he would now say, would, before
many years, give rise to investigations that will
create a deep sensation; yes, that will develop
frauds that will startle the nation. He would not
make chargcs against any, the living or dead—the
present or past; and he would not say that wrong
had ever been done. Of that he knew nothing
upon which to rely, but he had fully satisfied
himself of the facility with which gross frauds
upon the Treasury, outrages upon the Govern-
ment, could easily be perpetrated; and he now pro-
tested against these heavy appropriations, made
so unusually far in advance. The demand of no
department can sanctify it. He would explain
the means of fraud upon the Treasury. A child
could then see it. This Government is in debt.
Millions of her bonds are issued; they bear six per
cent, interest. They are always at or above par
in the stock market, and safe to be dealt in. All
money is drawn from the Treasury by requisition
of some head of a department, or bureau, or sub-
ordinate, who is trusted with a particular appro-
priation, or branch of service. These appropria-
tions are made annually, if made as they should
be, for the interest of the Government. They are
not needed as soon as made, but are to be disbursed
as needed; and that period extends, in the gradual
use of the funds, to the end of the fiscal year, and
very often the fund appropriated is not used until
that year has expired. Thus millions lie in the
Treasury appropriated, but unused from year
to year. But the head or subordinate gets money
from the Treasury by a requisition under the par-
ticular act which he specifies. The Treasurer sees
the act; it is not for him to judge when the partic-
ular department or bureau needs it; he pays it.
The appropriations of this year will exceed fifty
millions of dollars. One million of dollars is drawn
six months in advance of the time it is needed. It
is placed in the hands of some favorite depositor.
If the Government is deficient in money, it is the
policy to provide means by bonds at six per cent.,
and they are sold; but if paid in cash, it is in-
vested by the depositary in United States bonds,
and lying in the hands of the depositary six
months, yields thirty thousand dollars of interest
for the six months; but the skill that detects, and
avails of this unprincipled speculation, as the six
months is about to expire, drawsfrom other appro-
priations enough to replace this amount; and thus,
for the year, Uncle Sam is made to loan a sum of
money, upon which he himself pays an interest
that yields the handsome sum of sixty thousand
dollars out of his own coffers, to some skillful
financier and safe receiver of public deposits.
Now, if one million may be thus used to-majce
sixty thousand dollars, why may not ten millions
out of fifty millions be so used to make six hundred
thousand dollars, and twenty millions of doila&s to
make one million two hundred thousand dollars.
Sir, these are the great profits that create the
great struggle for Government deposits; and -if
this character .of deposits are to be indulged in,
they cannot be indulged in safely. It ma.y be
done securely for a time, if all who understand-it
arc sharers and friefitls; but a falling out, or,a,mo-
nopoly by one or more, may blow the truth.
Sir, (he said,) this House may plainly see,the
great danger of extravagant appropriations ,for an
object, or of appropriations a long way aheatd,
when the more regular routine of annual appropri-
ations can so easily be diverted, and used so suc-
cessfully, to defraud so extensively; and when the
detection of such frauds is rendered so difficult,
amid the ramifications of Treasury day-books*
ledgers, and folios, and a body of subordinates,
who well know their tenure of office, and that their
business and safety is to do their work in silence,
and be silent after it is done.
We want a law, that no requisition shall be
made for money until it is on the instant to be
paid out on Government appropriation or liability.
And we want a regular committee on Treasury
requisitions, to see that this law be complied with.
1 suggest it, not that I know of frauds, but^that I
know of the possibility; not that I charge .the
commission of frauds, but that I know of the bonds
in stock-market that bear interest, and that I know
of the anxiety of the three years I have been here,
and which 1 have heard so often, I cannot forget
or fail to reflect on it—the anxiety, I say, to ac-
quire and monopolize the Government deposits.
And I know the means (and have suggested it)
by which the broadest door for fraudulent and im-
proper profit may be closed.
He urged his motion to strike out this heavy
advance appropriation, and condemned it, as a
means by which Government may be made, to a
shameful extent, to pay interest to receivers of de-
posits upon her own money.
Mr. BAYLY having renewed the amendment,
said, if the gentleman would look at the explana- ^
tion contained in the report from the department,
he would see that no harm could be done. The
explanation was this: These sums were required
to make the appropriations regular, and to make
them conform to the fiscal, instead of to the calendar
year, as in the case of other appropriations for the
public service. The appropriation that was made
on the 29th of July, 1848, was for the year 1848,
and another appropriation for the same object
should have been made in 1849, but was omitted.
These sums were therefore for last year as well as
for this. For the last year under this stipulation
of the treaty there was no appropriation. One of
these appropriations then, to some extent, was
for deficiency of appropriation of last year. But
(continued Mr. B.) suppose the gentleman from
Arkansas is right, though I think he ie not, e.v§n
if he is right no possible inconvenience can ensue,
because the money cannot be used for any other
purpose than that for which it is appropriated, and.
it is appropriated specifically to carry out a treaty,
the provisions of which are referred to in the ap-
propriation. If it were a double appropriation it
would be simply for another year as well as for
this, but it was necessary to simplify the opera-
tions of the Indian Department, and make the ap-
propriation conform to the fiscal year.
The gentleman from Arkansas is right in say-
ing that by making these two appropriations
together, you provide for two years in place of
one. There can be no difficulty about it. In
view of what the gentleman says of the near ap-
proach of the next session of Congress, I do not
know that any difficulty would ensue from stri-
king out the amount, but none will from leaving
it in.
Mr. CROWELL (the floor being yielded) said
he desired to know whether these two.appropria-
tions werfe one and the same—whether they were
identical?
Mr. BAYLY replied that they were for the
same object, but that they were for two different
years.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he would
state to the gentleman, for ijie information of the
committee, that the first appropriation .of.|32,000,
