418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
committee of thirteen. It is now proposed to
pass by that motion informally. *
Mr. HALE. I was absent from my seat just
now, and did not hear the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Foote] make his motion. I had given
notice that when the resolution fame up 1 should
offer an amendment to it, in order that it mi^ht be
referred to the same committee and at the same
time. I hope the honorable Senator will with-
draw the motion for a moment to allow me to sub-
mit the amendment. I do not want to discuss it,
but have en opportunity of voting upon it.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. The motion to pass by informally
being withdrawn, 1 offer the following amendment:
<l Securing to the inhabitant of those Territorirs all the
privileges and liberties secured to the inhabitants o the
* Northwest Territory by the ordinance of July 13,1787."
i now renew the motion to pass by this subject
informally.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions some time since offered by Mr. Clay.
Mr. MILLER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced on Thursday last.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. RUSK. As there is a special order for to-
morrow, 1 will move that these resolutions be
postponed until Wednesday.
Mr. WALKER. 1 would ask if it is the in-
tention of the honorable Senator to address the
Senate'upon the resolutions on that day?
Mr. RUSK. That is my object. Th§ motion
was agreed to, and the resolutions were accord-
ingly postponed until Wednesday.
COMMITTEE TO- PREPARE A COMPROMISE.
Mr. FOOTE. I now ask permission, sir, to
renew the motion which I made this morning for
the appointment of a committee of tlniteen, with
certain instructions, for the puspo.se of maturing; a
scheme of compromise for the adjustment of all
pending questions growing out of the subject of
slavery, i will state that the resolution which
I have presented for this purpose has been caie-
fully drawn; and that it will not interfere in the
least degree with the propositions that have been
or may be submitted by any other gentleman. If
this resolution be adopted and the questions refer-
red, the resolutions of the Senator Irom Kentucky
will still be before the Senate, as the motion of
the Senator from Missouri to refei the Picsident'a
message in i elation to the admission of California
to the Committee on Temtoiies, will also be for
consideiation. My object is not to interfere with
debate, but to let it go on for a few days, and
in the mean time i hope the committee will be ac-
coided by the Senate. I have an abjding,ati en-
tire confidence that the thuteeu gentlemen selected
to serve upon that committee will an&nge some
scheme for the permanent adjustment of those
questions that now agitate the country. And, sir,
it this be not speedily done, much more serious
consequences than those which we have yet real-
ized will inevitably en&ue. I do hope that, under
the circumstances, honorable Senators, it they
have not veiy good reasons for voting against my
resolution, uni sustain n. **
Mr. CLEMEINS. How will this committee be
constituted r
Mr. FOO FE. The motion is to select by ballot
six Scnatots from the slaveholding and six from
the free States; and the thnteenth member to be
chosen by the twelve thus elected; and the duty
of the committee is prescribed in the paper which
J have submitted to the Senate.
Mr. BAbGER. Will the Senator modify his
resolution ho that this muy be cleariy expiessed?
Mr. FOOTE. Ceitamly, sir, i have no objec-
tion to any modification that may be desired con-
sistent with the geneial object.
Mr. DAVlOiV. I desne to state, what will be
in the meiruuy doubtless of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, arid other members of this body, that the
Senator from jN'ew Hampshire has oliercd an
amendment to his resolution, and if my recollection
of that amendment be correct, it brings up the
whole,ques;ion that is now undergoing discussion.
The icsonuiun, together wuh the amendment, pie-
sents the very questions that are nowin the course
•of general discussion; and i suppose, before we
can vote upon the main proposition submitted in
the resolution of the Senator., from Mississippi,
we shall be compelled to vote upon the amend-
ment that has been offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. FOoTE. Where is the Senator from New
Hampshire? I warned him this morning that I
was going to make this motion, as soon as the
Senator from New Jersey had finished his speech.
1 have no objection that the Senator from New
Hampshire shall otter his amendment, but 1 wish
the matter referred as speedily as possible. Be-
sides, sir, why a resolution involving the Wilmot
proviso should be referred, i cannot understand.
That would certainly involve no question of com-
promise. lhave no objection, however, to allow
the Senator from New Hampshne to move his
amendment, if it be deemed expedient; but nrvy
object is to take up the resolution and have the
committee appointed.
Mr. BUTLER, it is not for any purpose of
creating difficulty on this subject that i oppose the
raising of this committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I would re-
mind the Senator that the question is upon taking
up the resolution.
Mr. BUTLKR. That I understand, brings up
the whole question for discussion; however, 1
hope it may be taken up.
The question then being put upon taking up
the ies>o ution ioi consideiation, it was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, i shall oppose the eouise indi-
cated by the Senator from Mississippi very de-
cidedly. if tilt-he various subjects m dispute are
to go to one committee, they ought not to go, in
my opinion, to buch a committee until aftei a full
discussion shall have been had here.
Mr. WEBSTER. Ceitainly.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Texas is de-
sirous ol presenting his views with reicience to
the boundary ot Texas, as well us to the subject
generally; and theie aie many other gentlemen
who de&ue to express their views. 1 have not
heard the opinions of those gentlemen, nor will
the committee have heard them, if n is now
raised. Many gentlemen of able minus m this
body have not yet expressed their \iews, and the
better way, it appears to me, would be to let the
discussion go on m the Senate to Us final conclu-
sion before wc submit the matter to a suUudnmte
committee, who will have only such juiisdicuon
as we give to them; m other words,'i think we
should not submit the case to the juiy before the
argument is gone thiough with. 1 objected to it
the othei day, and still object. What this com-
mittee will do, 1 am not able to say. They may
biing forward u proposition that will coinum the
elements of a compimniM.-—but who aie to com-
pose that committee? For one, i do not know; i
should be willing, however, to trust the committee
ultimately, when the subjects now m contioversy
have been fully and freely discussed; and especially
after we have had an oppoitumty of hearing the
suggestions of all those gentlemen whose opin-
ions are entitled to lespect. 1 do not know but
that the committee may be a veiy intelligent com-
mittee, and vety capable of bringing forward a
cotnpiomise that will be satisfactoiy, but i cannot
suppose that they will be as well qualified to act
betuie, as they would be aftei they had heard all
the suggestive remaiks that may be made by Sen-
ators here, oi at least by those who choose to of-
fer temarks. Heie will be a discussion going on
upon the resolutions ot the Senator fiom iven-
tucky; here will be a discussion going on upon
the motion ot the Senator from Missouri; they
will be reserved to the Senate while this commit-
tee will have it within us power to lepoit a bill,
which might not be lepoited if the committee had
fiist listened to the discussions that were taking-
place heie; if they had first consulted the opinions
of those whose views U must be supposed are en-
titled to lespect; if they had paid some attention
to remarks made outside of the committee. The
committee will doubtless meet and confer together j
with closed doors, and U is to be supposed, if the \
subject be now referred, ihat they wiii take their
own eouise independently of any suggestions that •'
are made here. '
I think the course pointed out by the Senator
from Mississippi is—and i say sj siuceiely—very \
unfavoiable to the final and honorable adjustment J
of ihia question, i say, and 1 say it seriously, '
that the movement made by the Senator ftom 1
Kentucky is the most unfortunate movement that ,
has been made yet. He came in too soon with
, his pi ©position. Sir, I must be permitted to say
that there is a disposition prevalent to buns it in
too soon. Many other gentlemen have propo-
sitions for an adjustment—I do not use the word
compromise—and I am willing to listen to their
suggestions. I am very unwilling, however, to
: take any portion of this subject and commit it to
, any.one committee. As soon as the discussion is
. ended, 1 will acquiesce m the reference; but a pre-
mature reference 1 should consider a very unfortu-
nate course. *
! Mr. FOOTE. I regret to differ with my friend
■ fiom South Carolina, but 1 do so decidedly and
i on dehbeiation. 1 think I have very good reasons
j for differing with him, and such as I hope he will
! consider satisfactory. Sir, as I stated befoie, the
resolution is so drawn up as not m the least de~
i gree to interfere with the resolutions offered by
other gentlemen, and not in the least to interfere
with the course of debate m this chamber, at least
for a reasonable period. I did not expect—and I
am sure that my honorable ftiend from South
Carolina hardly expected—that the subject could
be acted upon.by the committee as soon as within
the next four days. 1 should hope, however, that
a report would be made by Saturday next; for, so
help me Heaven, if nothing be done betore Satur-
day, during the next week occurrences are likely
to take place of a natuie to which I dare not do
more than allude. I believe, sir, that dining this
week these questions must be compromised, or no
compromise will be practicable. 1 have *ood rea-
sons, sir, for what I state. 1 personally know the
facts on which this declaration is based. I have
looked into the matter. 1 have conversed with mem-
I hers of both Houses of Congress; and 1 state,upon
. my honor, that unless we do something dunng the
; present week, i entertain ndt the least doubt that
1 this subject will leave our jurisdiction, and leave it
! fore\er.
Sir, 1 am no alarmist; but 1 am in the habit of
communicating more freely with the members of
the other House, perhaps, than my friend from
South Carolina. I know that I express m this
statement the opinion of a laige portion of the
j members of both Houses of Congress. i did not
j originate this movement entirely on my own vo-
; lition; but 1 did it after serious consultation
; with some of the wisest and ablest men m either
j House of Congress; some of the sages of this
! Republic. Is it supposed that I wish to inter-
! feie with the Senator from Texas—the Senator
; from Massachusetts, whom some of us desire
• most earnestly to hear ? Is it supposed that I wjs,h
, to interfeie and pievent them fiom addressing the
i Senate on this question, or to prevent the honor-
' able Senator from South Carolina, whose speech
we hope to hear read in the Senate next Thurs-
day ? Certainly 1 desire to do none of these things.
But if we raise this committee, and if it be com-
posed, as 1 hope it will be—always excluding
myself, for 1 feel no desire to be a member of it;
on the contrary, I feel decidedly averse to being
upon it—of the ablest and most discreet and most
patriotic men m this body, those thirteen mem-
bers of the committee thus organized will deem it
their duty, i have no doubt, to be present when
an impoitant debate like this is going on; nay, it
will be doubtless m accordance withlheir inclina-
tion to be present.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the honorable Senator
allow the resolution to be read, for the purpose of
enabling us the better to understand his remarks?
: Mr. FOOTE. Certainly.
j The Secretary then read the resolution to ap-
point and instruct a select committee as follows:
" To refer to a select committee ol six memlius fiom the
North, and sivmnmbe.M tr<>m the South, and out mnnbrr
; to lie by tiifin cho>eii, with instructions to e.\ei t tliem-ehes
for the pin po^e ot manning a scheme of cnn piojfli>e for
the adjustment of ail the pending questions annum* out of
the institution ot blaveiy, and to report byjuii oi other-
wise." *
Mr. FOOTE. Is my friend satisfied? Now,
this is my view of the subject I perfectly con-
cur with the Senator from South Carolina that the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky, being
of die character they aie, were most inopportune-
ly presided to us; and I have a much more de-
cided impiession m itgaid to the debute that has
occurred—a sort of debate that 1 think was utmost
inevitable, coming as these resolutions did fiom
such a high quarter. Su, every day that we have
sat here—deliberating as we coil it—agitating the
