1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15IS
borers, and they feel sensibly a depression which
paralyzes all their industry. Their only capita! is
their labor, and this they ask to have protected
against the cheaper labor and fraudulent importa-
tions from other countries.
Also, a petition from John Mclllvaine andmany
others, farmers, mechanics, manufacturers, and
laborers of the county of Carbon, in the State of
Pennsylvania, representing that the markets of
their own country are wrested from them by the
unprecedented influx of cheaper fabrics from
abroad, and proposing a remedy in the substitu-
tion of specific for ad valorem duties.
In presenting these petitions Mr. C. said: These
petitions are signed by 1,726 individuals, embra-
cing every class of citizens in the various commu-
nities from which they come. The merchant, the
farmer, the manufacturer, the mechanic, the arti-
san, the laborer. These distinct interests all unite
in deprecating the effects of the tariff of 1846 upon
the industrial pursuits of the country, and parti-
cularly desire that it should be so amended as to
substitute specific for ad valorem duties. They
believe that the present system encourages gross
frauds upon the revenue, and invites exeessive im-
portations of foreign fabrics produced by cheap
labor, and resulting from superabundant capital.
The present duty, though nominally twenty-five
per cent., is really a duty not exceeding fifteen per
cent., and the immense imports of the last and the
present year have glutted our own markets and
reduced the prices of our manufactures of cotton
and wool below the actual cost of production.
These petitioners disclaim all idea of exciting a
panic or creating false impressions. Their per-
sonal interests are connected with the leading in-
terests of the country, and they claim only to
share in a prospeiity due to all. Their labor can-
not be profitably employed, and a continued com-
petition with the ^cheaper labor of Europe must
result either in reducing wages below the means of
a comfortable subsistence, or in the suspension of
numerous large manufacturing establishments, and
their labor consequently be forced into other and
new employments.
When the law of 1846 was passed, we were
told that twenty-five per cent, upon prices as they
then existed, insured a sufficient protection to our
own industry. Had the duty been fixed and
specific this might have proved true, but the slid-
ing scale of duties, lowering as the price of the
article became reduced abroad, coupled with un-
dervaluations and frauds, has utterly defeated the
expectations even of the friends of the bill of 1846.
A specific duty based upon the prices of 1846
would answer the purpose of the framers of the
present law, and give moderate relief to the de-
pressed manufactures of the country. The iron
interest may be said to suffer as deeply as any
other. I know the business is discouraging m all
sections of the country. My friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis,] a short time since happily
and ably illustrated the present condition of the
iron business, and showed the twofold effect of it
—one upon the labor directly employed, and the
other upon the agricultural labor which would be
employed to feed and sustain that other labor
which produces only iron, and not bread. I can
add nothing to his excellent remarks.
I find, on looking at the report of the Treasury
Department of the commerce and navigation of
the country for the year ending June 30, 1849,
that there were imported of
Woolens $14,539,863
Cottons   16,418,832
Iron and steel  14,988,961
Silks  16)627,356
Linens  5,912,542
Total $68,487,554
Of the cottons, there were prints $10,286,294.
The whole imports of the country,after deducting
the exports of foreign goods, were $134,768,574,
showing that the imports of woolens, cottons, iron
and steel, silks and linens, constituted more than
one half of the whole amount of the imports of the
country. I intended to have presented other sta-
tistics, but as I design to have these petitions re-
ferred to the Committee on Manufactures, it will
be unnecessary, as that committee will examine the
subject and report upon it.
The petitions were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr- HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of William
Ferguson, asking arrears of pension, submitted a
report in writing, which was ordered to be printed,
adverse to the prayer of the petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Isaac F. Miller, for an in-
crease of pension, made an adverse report thereon;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of John B. Brooks, asking
compensation for the services of his father during
the revolutionary war, made an adverse report
thereon; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 178, being for the relief of
Benjamin P. Smith, reported back the same with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage.
The Senate proceeded to its consideration as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and no
amendment having been proposed, it was ordered
to a third reading, and was read a third time and
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to which was referred the me-
morial of J. K. Rogers, legal representative of
the widow and children of David Cordery, de-
ceased, a Cherokee Indian, asking compensation
for the value of a reservation under the treaties of
1835-'6, submitted a report in writing, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a joint
resolution for the heirs of David Cordery, which
was read and passed to a second reading.
CASE OF WILLIAM MAXWELL.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred House bill for the
relief of William Maxwell, late United States
marshal for the district of Georgia, have instructed
me to report back the same without amendment,
and recommend its passage.
It relates to a case in which a judgment was ob-
tained by the United States against Col. Maxwell,
as marshal of the district of Georgia, and upon the
evidence submitted to the House of Representa-
tives, and which accompanies the bill, it is clearly
shown that the United States are not entitled to
receive the amount of that judgment. The state-
ment of the accounting officer also confirms this.
I hope the bill will be considered now.
The bill was accordingly taken up* and consid-
ered as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to hear a state-
ment of the facts in this case.
Mr. BERRIEN. Colonel William Maxwell
was marshal of the United States for the district of
Georgia. He had a deputy residing at a distance
from him, in the interior of the State. An execu-
tion in behalf of the United States was placed in
the hands of that deputy, who returned on it that
the claim had been paid. Some years afterwards
an action was brought against Mr. Maxwell, after
he was out of office, upon that return; the deputy
had removed from his residence in Georgia, and
the marshal having no knowledge of the execution
or the return, had no means of explaining it, and
judgment was therefore obtained against him.
Subsequently he ascertained from his deputy that
that execution was so returned in consequence of
the money having been paid to the deputy of Col.
Maxwell's predecessor. Upon making this ex-
planation to the proper accounting officer, proceed-
ings on the execution were suspended. Subse-
quently judgment was obtained by the United
States against the administrator of Col. Maxwell's
predecessor, from whom the Government can real-
ize the amount. Still the execution was pressed j
against Col. Maxwell, and is only now suspended ;
to await the action of Congress. The object of
this bill is to release the judgment against Colonel
Maxwell, which amounts to some one hundred
and fifty or sixty dollars, exclusive of interest.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
read a third time and passed.
CASE OF ISAAC SEYMOUR,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked the Senate
to take up the bill from the House, reported this
morning, for the relief of Isaac Seymour.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate. The bill was i
received this morning and will come up as a matter 1
of course with a view to reference. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will make a |
brief statement why I ask it. He was a soldier
who was wounded in the Florida war, but on ac-
count of the failure of the official report of his case,
he failed to get a certificate which would have se-
cured a pension, and he has been withouta pension
rom that time. Having lost a hmb, and being
feally m extreme poverty, not beingable to obtain
r livelihood for himself, the House have taken
his case into consideration and have passed an act
for his relief. Under these circumstances, I ask
the Senate to take up the bill.
The bill was taken up and read a first and second
time, and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was then reported to the Senate and read a third
time, and passed.
BILL FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of John P. Montgomery was read a firBt
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
WIDOWS' PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. HALS, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, explaining the acts of the 17th July,
1838, and March 3d, 1843, and June 17th, 1844.
This bill, after undeigomg some discussion, and
some amendment, was postponed till to-morrow.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill for the relief of John Miller
was read a third time and passed.
THE ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order of the day, being a bill for the ad-
mission of the State of California into the Union.
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Foote to the amendment of Mr. Douglas,
which were published in yesterday's report.
Debate then ensued, in which Messrs. FOOTE,
WINTHROP, ATCHISON, CLAY, BADGER,
and others, took pait, a report of which will bs
given in the Appendix.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 3, 1850.
The Journal having been read,
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill for
the relief of Joseph Arnow and Peter Arnow,
heirs of Joseph Arnow, late of Florida, deceased.
No objection being made,
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the puvnte calendar.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURT begged to put a question to the
Chair. Some other gentlemen, as well as him-
self, desired to know of the Chair what had be-
! come of the fortification bill?
The CHAIR replied, that the fortification bill
was on the Speaker's table, and that it would re-
main there until the business on his table was
taken up.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Daniel, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar,
and it was decided in the negative.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. B&yly, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
which was decided in the affirmative.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Brown, of Mississippi, in the chair.)
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Indian Department, for the year ending June
30, 1851.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose, and ex-
pressed his regret that his friend from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson,] who had some amendments to sub-
mit from the Committee on Indian Affairs, was not
present. He would take advantage of the absence
of that gentleman to submit a motion which he
had intended to offer yesterday, had he not been
prevented by the anxiety of the committee to rise.
He would now move to strike out the following
item in the bill;
