420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
present antagonism, I was willing to divide the
territory- Not to establish slavery m any part of
it No, sir; slavery never was established in any
part of'the United States by law. Pmperty m
slaves is like property in every thing eke: it cornea
from an authority above law; it precedes all law.
The law only recognizes it. The recognition of
the rights of the South by Congress is not to es-
tablish slavery. We of the South have been
Ions willing to stake this question upon the de-
cision of the Supreme Court. We have asked of
the North the right to cariy this question to the
Sunreme Court. That right has been denied us.
We stand now, sir, as we have always stood,
upon the Constitution; and if there be no dispo-
, sition to compromise, we have lived, as we will i
\ die, by the Constitution. A-.n 1 understood? And ]
\ is this the'position which the Senator from Wis-
\ consin thinks will defeat compromise > Is it the
\ ais.ertion of the supremacy of the -Constitution
^4 over the will of a majority in Congress which he
considers a declaration defeating all propositions
of settlement? If so, then the bond of this
Union is already broken. It has no existence
save, what it derives from the Constitution. If he
supposes that the majority of this Congress shall
construe that Constitution, and the rights of the
minority lie held subservient to such construction
of the majority, then, sir, you may say the Union
is at an end.
I stated an ultimatum, which I thought the
lowest we of the South could accept; I made no i
proposition. I stated that I would make no propo- j
sition; that I looked to the majority to make a |
proposition; that, if they, had none to make, it j
was because they had no spirit of compromise;
and, without the spint, it is hopeless to think of it.
I will state, m addition, Mr. President, that I
agree with my colleague, [Mr. Foote ] 1 believe
there is hope in a committee such as he proposes.
1 believe that thirteen Senatois sent into a roogi
calmly to deliberate, and with a special resposibil-
ity upon them, removed from the excitement of
satisfactory. I am not opposed to terms of ad-
justment, but I am opposed to precipitate action
which may putin jeopardy the constitutional rights
of either section of the Union. I think, sir, we are
movins tow#ds this step by step, and that " cau-
tion "should "mark our guarded way." And,
sir, if we take one step in creating this committee
that should happen to be unsatisfactory to either
section of the Union, we would only be throwing
impediments in the way of the realization of the
final adjustment of this matter. 1 have merely in-
dicated that this is my feeling. I am not very san-
guine of the success of the scheme proposed.
Permit me to say here, that I am somewhat
surprised at the tone of defiance assumed by the
gentleman from Wisconsin. It comes with an ill
grace from him to throw down the gauntlet, arid
say that the North will not be satisfied with this
or that, when we are speaking of the very ele-
ments which are to be submitted to this committee
now, or hereafter, to bring forward a plan of ad-
justment. I Co not say this with any feeling of
'ankindness; 1 ut I do think the remarks looked
too much like exhibiting a spirit of defiance, when
perhaps the honorable Senator had no such feeling,
and did not intend to display any such feeling as
that. Sir, perhaps I may sometimes have indi-
cated in my own manner what I would not wish
to be supposed; because, let what will conle, I am
ready to meet it with firmness. But I intend to
impose guards upon myself; and whatever may
come, I hope to be able to meet it in such a temper
as will provoke no personal irritation, or hostility
in any way. I have laid that down as my course.
Unless I am assailed I shall not swerve from it. I
I have urged my objections to this committee from
a fear that they will increase, instead of diminish,
the hazard of the crisis. These are my views.
If they are voted down I shall of course acquicsce.
Mr. WALKER. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina is entirely mistaken if he sup-
poses I intended to throw down the gauntlet. I
simply intended to express,-as I think 1 did ex-
' ^ • • .  r r _«. 1 1. 
public debate, would more probably produce some- j j press, the opinion that, if what 1 have said is the
thing likely to meet with general acceptance than !i ultimatum of the South, and that they will not
anything that will proceed from excitement and :
debate here; and, believing so, I am willing to !
hazard a committee, but certainly I do not con- !
sider myself bound by the decision of that com-"|
mittee. Surely, the Senator from Wisconsin does ]
not expect every one who votes for the commit-
tee to bind himself hand and foot—to acknowledge
that he will be subjcct to the decision of that com-
mittee, whatever it may be? I will only vote for
the committee in the hope that they may originate
something that will be acceptable to every section
of the country, and to every portion of the United
States Senate. This committee, being organized
as is prof osed, can never agree upon anything1
unanimously which shall not be acceptable—at
least it is to be supposed not; and he who holds
the balance of power in that committee, being se-
lected by the committee, may fairly be expected
to be a man acceptable to both wm^s of the com-
mittee. 1 go further, sir. I will state that I am
willing to look to the North and far East to select
the man with whom I will repose that balance of
power, and I will say this in that confidence which
n\ i feel in the rights of the South under the Consti- \\ ject to the committee by no means ties the hands
^ v, i tt  !'.,r * t- ^ C^.v,,, t q tlio wiflnn limp frnm nroe.p.ftd in.o*
tution, fairly construed. Without indicating any
individual, I will say I believ6 that there is a man
there that will stand by the Constitution, and who
is above sectional prejudices.
Mr. BUTLER. 1' will simply remark that-the
repoitof the committee will be satisfactory or it
will not be salisfactory. If the report should be
perfectly satisfactory, I would hail it as soon as any
man on this door; bi t if the report should come
here, and not prove satisfactory either to the jNorth
or to the South, it would increase ihe difficulties
and aggravate the excitement in different sections
of the country; for it would be raid, Here is a
committee organized under auspices weli calculated
to give weight and authority to it; it ccriies here
with aprojet: it is adopted by the South and re-
jected by the North, or it is adopted by the North
and rejected by the South. Sir, it would be diffi-
cult for any man to stand up against a proposition
in which he could not entuely concur; foi it would
eonie here under the strong sanction of authority;
and if it were unsatisfactory, my word for it, it
would be a source of more contention than anything
which could come to us, provided it were brought in
a way which might give it an assurance of being
ive one hair's breadth, it is utterly impossible for
a committee to bring any proposition heie which
will be adopted, God forbid that I should throw
down the gauntlet, or throw out defiance to any
portion of this Union. I hope my lips will be
sealed, and my tongue cleave to the roof of my
mouth, before 1 throw out defiance to any portion
of the Union. May God bless it all, and may
harmony and peace prevail throughout every sec-
tion of this broad land !
Mr. BADGER. I am entirely in favor of the
proposition submitted by the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr Foote,] and 1 am at a loss
to conceive what are the injuries which can be ex-
pected to arise from it. 'The appointment of a
committee tor'the purpose of considering subjects
which are likely to produce difficulty and disa-
greement is an oidinary, parliamentary course,
even upon occasions in themselves of small im-
portance. Why then should we not resort to it
m a case of such extreme importance as that
whic' now engages the attention of the Senate
and of the country ? The reference of this sub-
of the Senate, in the mean time, from proceed in;
in any course of discussion or deliberation which
they may think proper upon the general topic
which divides itself into so many subordinate
questions; but there are great advantages, it seems
to me, in adopting the couise which has been
lecoirimended, and is now pressed upon the Sen-
ate, to refer the whole subject to this large com-
mittee, a committee representing every portion of
this country, and capable of meeting the wishes
and interests of each, and making such conces-
sions from each portion of the community as may
be requisite to meeting upon common and fair
ground.
Now, sir, I agree entirely with the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] that in
regaid to the constitution of this committee, there
can be no doubt. Like him I say, that if, upon
such a great occasion as tins, I could conceive it
possible that the Senate of the United States
would construct this committee upon any other
than the fairest, most just, and equitable grounds,
I should at once despair of a compromise, i have
no such fear. The committee willconsist of those
gentlemen in whom we may all place confidence
for their wisdom, their integrity, their honorable
consideration of the difficulties of their situation,
and the high patriotism which will, I doubt rot,
bind every member of the committee to put forth
every power with which God has endowed him,
to save the great country to which he owes his al-
leniance. Now, sir, it appears to me 
"Mr. CLEMENS. Will the Senator from North
Carolina allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
The question is not whether the committee would
propose a plan that would satisfy the Senate, hut
whether they would propose one that would sat-
isfy the people, it is for that reason that I made
the suggestion which I did, and 1 think it is im-
portant. .
Mr. BADGER. I did not misunderstand the
observation, and lundeistand also.the importance
"of the suggestion made by the Senator from Ala*
bama; but what I was about to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, was, that there is no necessity at all of put-
tin" the mode in which these selections are to he
made into the resolution of reterence. We shall
arrange these matters without any difficulty.
Every portion of the country has an interest in
this great question, and every portion of the coun-
try will have an opportunity of selecting its own
representative, who will be voted for by the Sen-
ate wiihout difficulty, as we have often done and
are in the habit of doing on other occasions; so
that, instead of its having the invidious appear-
ance upon the record of being a sectional selection
made by authtnliy from the little subdivisions or
the Senate, it-will be the selection by the whole
Senate, by the common consent of the Senate, of
those gentlemen m every portion of the Union
who will be most acceptable to those whom they
represent.
Mr. CLEMENS. Thafci all I want.
Mr. BADGER. No doubt; and that is what
will be accomplished. It appears to me in this
case there can be no difficulty. Suppose, while
the committee are considering this subject, the
Senate comes to a conclusion that is satisfac-
tory; it supersedes the necessity of any report.
Suppose it does not, and we have a report of the
committee in favor of a particular plan which is
agreeable to them. It comes here with the au-
thority of a committee, and brings with it the
sanctions of patriotism. The concurrence of the
committee in such a measure must place those in
an awkward predicament who will tefuse to sur-
render any portion of their preconceived notions
or opinions to the judgment of such a body. It
controls no one. If it is wrong or vicious, the
Senate will vote it down; but when it proceeds
from such a body, it carries the presumpuon oi>
its face that it must be taken to be correct till the
contrary is shown. With regard to myself, I
cannot say a woid to indicate my wishes or opin-
ions on this question. I have my own wishes and
opinions. I have, personally, strong notions as
to the manner in which this matter might be and.
ought to be settled, but I will not allude to them.
I will not throw out anything to create excitement,,
but simply say, that, having my own views and
opinions, I still stand ready to modify them, and
to submit them to the general judgment of the
body, and at least adopt that plan which will give
general security and peace to the country of which,
I am proud to say, I am a citizen, and to the con-
stituency of whom it is my high honor to be the
representative.
Mr. DAYTON. It seems to me, Mr. Pres-
ident, that there is a mere difference of time rather
than a difference of meaning or intention between
members who have expressed themselves upon>
j this subject. This committee may be productive
of great good, it may be instrumental in bring-
ing about an adjustment desirable tn all parlies,
both in this chamber and ihroughout the country
at large. But tiie question is not what that com-
mittee may be instrumental in doing, but it is
rather, " is this a proper time to organize that
committee' is this the proper time to take the
question upon the resolution offered to the Sen-
ate?" Because, as I have befoie suggested, with
respect, the whole exciting part of these ques-
tions are to be voted upon under the amendment
which the Senator from New Hampshire oilered
to this resolution. Th.- proposition is, that a com-
mittee, consisting of thirteen Senators, shall be
organized, with mstiuetions to endeavor to mature
some scheme of compromise, some mode of ad-
justing all pending questions growing out of the
