1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 3,
given by the Indians themselves, with their habits,
manners and customs. If necessary, let Indian
agents be stationed among them, and let an appro-
priation be made for that purpose. We should
thus procure reliable information, whilst, upon the
plan proposed no information would be obtained
that was to be at all depended upon.
Mr. H. withdrew the amendment, at the re-
quest of
Mr. BOKEE, who renewed it, and said that he
desired to correct the misapprehension of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means as to the amount asked for by the Indian
Bureau, to carry into effect the object contemplated
by the appropriation. Had that gentleman listened
attentively to the reading of the documents pre-
sented by the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, he would have discovered that al-
though twenty-five thousand dollars was the
amount originally proposed by the department,
yet after further consideration of the subject, a
second communication was sent into the commit-
tee, recommending that it be increased to fifty
thousand dollars. In deliberating upon the mat-
ter, the Committee on Indian Affairs, while ap-
proving of the suggestions made by it, concluded
to propose that only thirty thousand dollars be
placed at the disposal of the department for the
specified purpose.
If not mistaken as to the views expressed by the
honorable gentleman from Missouri, no objection
was urged as against the objects contemplated; in-
deed that gentleman rather admitted the necessity
of the adoption of measures to procure the requi-
site information as to these Indians, but he was
apprehensive a system would be adopted which
would be ineffectual to the end proposed. Now, sir,
to my mind this is begging the question; and I do
not understand by what right it is that any one
assumes that the Administration will be so regard-
less of its responsibilities, as to care more for the
expenditure of money and the disposition of its
patronage, than the advancement of the general
interests of the country, for which provision alone
is made by Congress in theappropriationsgranted
by it.
Sir, what is it that is asked for? I h%ve before
me a copy of the treaty with Mexico. If gentle-
men will refer to it, they will ascertain, that with
the acquisition of an immense territory, the duty
and obligation is imposed upon this Government
to protect Mexico from the hostile incursions of
Indians inhabiting the territory surrendered by her;
in other words, this Government has guarantied
Mexico from all injury or damage from depreda-
tions committed by Indians living within our
borders. To enable the Administration to carry
out in good faith this treaty stipulation is one
reason for asking the appropriation. But, sir,
there is another; it is the desire to pursue the
same system in regard to these Indians, which
has been pursued by the Government from a
very early period in the management of our own
Indian tribes. So far, very little information has
been procured in relation to them. It is believed
the tribes are very numerous, but the number of
them is not known, nor do we know much as to
their habits and customs, their strength, their loca-
tions, their means of living. It is absolutely essen-
tial that accurate knowledge be possessed on all
these points before the Administration can deter-
mine upon the proper course to be adopted to bring
them into subjection if they should manifest any
belligerent feeling, or, (and as I hope,) if they be
pacifically inclined, to enter into treaties of amity
with them, and with the view of encouraging them
to abandon their wild and rambling habits, and
settle down into habits more consonant with our
own mode of civilized life.
Sir, it is for the committee to determine whether
these objects are desirable of attainment. If they
so determine, they must provide the requisite
means; and, as I have already said, 1 do not con-
sider it a valid objection that some gentlemen are
apprehensive the Administration may adopt meas-
ures that will prove ineffectual to the end proposed.
The Administration will be responsible, and will
be held to a strict account for all its proceedings;
and I am sure it will not shrink from its responsi-
bilities, nor ever attempt to evade its accountability.
I trust, sir, the full amount asked for will be ap-
propriated, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, renewed the
amendment, pro forma, of Mr. Hall to reduce the
proposed appropriation to $500, and addressed the
committee in opposition thereto, and in favor of
appropriating $30,000.
Mr. J. said, that to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] reducing
the appropriation to $500 must, as it was clearly
designed, defeat entirely the objects contemplated
both by the Indian Bureau and the Indian Com-
mittee.
He would explain to the gentlemen of the House,
that the original appropriation asked by the Bu-
reau was $25,000; but, that on the urgent pressing
and explanation of a Senator or Senators of the
Southwest, the Bureau had requested, after mature
reflection, the amount of $25,000 more—making
$50,000 for these objects.
The Committee on Indian Affairs had maturely
considered these facts, and had stricken off $20,000;
thus reducing the sum to $30,000—which was the
sum now asked to be appropriated.
This was a sum designed to be used and ex-
pended to obtain necessary information of the va-
rious tribes reduced to our jurisdiction by the late
treaty with Mexico ceding to us an immense ex-
tent of new territory.
The tribes on this new territory must be re-
duced to a proper subjection, or involve us in a new
war, or in immense cost with the Government of
Mexico. They must be reduced to the control
now exercised by the Indian Department of the
Government and to our Indian Intercourse Laws,
or they must remain independent and in an attitude
of hostility.
Now, (Mr. J. said,) these were general consid-
erations, either one of which he could not hesitate
to regard as conclusive on this appropriation.
The region of country embraced two thousand
miles of our frontier on the Mexican nation; to
wit: from the Gulf to the Pacific ocean.
He had inquired and learned, that the depart-
ment was wholly at a loss ho v to act and what to
recommend for want of facts and knowledge.
They did not know what tribes were on this
border; what the numbers of the tribes; what the
disposition, name, or location of the tribes, where
to locate or send agents, whether agents would
be received, or anything about them, even of pre-
liminary knowledge, so that anything could be
done.
Duties devolved on us exclusive of our treaty
stipulations with Mexico. Our policy itself re-
quired they should be brought in subjection, unless
we intended to abandon one of the fairest portions
of the inhabitable globe, and leave the Indians in
possession of the land, with their wild, roving,
lawless, and savage habits.
This appropriation was recommended by the
proper department, and had been maturely consid-
ered by himself and the committee over which he
had the honor to preside. Reflect! This Gov-
ernment now sendsforth the commission ofbound-
ary survey, in conjunction with Mexico. It was
to be attended with a large and imposing military
force; with the commissioners of both Govern-
ments, the banners of both nations, and with all the
circumstance and power of two great nations. The
movements of this body would beslow,and would
be continuous, until they had reached the extrem-
ities of our Empire. It would inspire, as a mani-
festation of power, absolute respect among the va-
rious tribes it must penetrate on a frontier so wild,
uninhabited, and extended. It would prepare the
Indian to treat. He would never be so well pre-
pared to treat justly and equitably as when appre-
ciating the power of the people with whom he en- I
tered into treaty obligations; never so well con- !
vinced of the necessity of adhering in good faith
to his agreements, as when made in the face of a
manifestation of power and an exhibition of force
that satisfied him of the existence of a day of retri-
bution, should he violate his treaties with the Uni-
ted States.
The same effect can never be produced on the
many border tribes, except by a similar force,
which will never be employed by this Government
to effect objects of what they now consider to be
of so slight importance that they will not make an
appropriation of $30,000 to effect.
It is said we have two or three agents now in
that region of country, to whom we should look
for information. Sir, it will never do. Sir, we
ask of two or three men to give knowledge of all
the savage, hostile, and impenetrable and implaca-
ble tribes on a frontier of two thousand miles, and
without forts or troops, or even a prestige of the
power of Government. It is unreasonable.
It is said by some, that the Apaches alone in-
habit it. How does the gentleman who so asserts
come to know more than the bureau which has at
its command the purse, the power, and the consti-
tuted authority of the United States? If such was
the case, it is admitted that the Apaches are divi-
ded into many bands; each band is independent,
and are as much separate nations as if enjoying
separate names. But this is not correct, 1 imagine;
for we know the tribes are independent and war-
like, and we know that for years they have carried
on war successfully against the Mexicans.
Now, to control them, we are bound by solemn
treaty stipulations with Mexico, as well as by the
long-established policy of our Government. 'Then
give the Government information. Who are these
Indians? their numbers ? their names? Where are
they, what their locations and what their condi-
tions, and what is necessary to control them ?
Where shall we send agents? What number
send? Where erect forts? Who are at peace,
who at war ? Who are willing to treat now, and
for what ?
Sir, a new people are ours and new duties arise.
Let us discharge them. But above all, I now pre-
sent for your consideration that, whether viewed
as a matter of honor and faith, or economy, must
seal the lips of the veriest, most inveterate caviller.
By our treaty we our bound to restrain our In-
dians, and by express clause, we are bound to
prevent their incursions upon the Mexican people
and frontier. Sir, two years have expired, and
this appropriation is the very first step taken
to procure that information, without which we
know not where or whom even to send to makea
treaty of peace. How can we restrain Indians or
provide means and send against them, if we know
neither who or where they are ? Sir, (said Mr. J.,)
if we are bound to keep our Indians off of Mexico,
we are liable for all damage caused by our neglect
to do so. It then is economical to spend $30,000
for this object, when we reflect that a single incur-
sion of a hundred Indians maydestroy, kill, burn,
and steal one hundred thousand dollars of prop-
erty, and in a year millions for which we may
be made, as a Government, liable.
Sir, the policy and appropriation to support it,
is one of generous humanity, of strict good faith
and wise economy.
Mr. HOLMES renewed it, and made an urgent
appeal in favor of the appropriation. He ex-
pressed the utter astonishment with which, in the
present state of the Indian tribes, he had seen
opposition made to a proposition so plain and
sensible. The faith of treaties, he contended, de-
manded a large appropriations for the purpose of
quieting these tribes. A sense of duty on the part
of the Government to its own citizens who were
now suffering from their depredations, required
. that agents should be sent among them, with a
! large amount of presents and of money, so as to
conciliate the tribes, and thus at once comply with
our treaty stipulations, and throw the mantle of
| protection around our own people. He insisted
on the impolicy of losing the favorable opportunity
afforded by the boundary commission to attain
these objects. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON renewed theamendmcnt,and
said, the whole committee must be aware of our
treaty obligations with Mexico. All of us desire
the information which it is professed, is sought by
the amendment of the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Johnson] But we all
profess to be opposed to the increase and enlarge-
ment of Executive patronage; and if all we desire
can beobtained without this expenditure of money,
and without the increase of the number of public
officers, we must be opposed to the amendment.
The commissioner for running the boundary line,
is said to be a gentleman of learning. The engi-
neer, .Colonel MeClellan, is well known as worthy
of our confidence for his talents and perseverance.
There will be a military force sent with the bound-
ary commission. It is presumed the officers
will be reliable gentlemen. The movements of
the commission will necessarily be slow, and
will give the amplest time to these officers to
mix with the various Indian tribes on the route,
ascertain the resources, the strength, and the
character of each Indian band on the way.
He argued that these officers should possess the
means of making to the different tribes presents,
