1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
attempt none at this late hour. L should utter no
more than the whole country knows, in saying that
a nobler hearted man never lived, a braver man
never trod the field of battle.
For the purpose of enabling the House to ad-
journ, I move that the committee do now rise. •"
The committee rose and the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were ,
presented under the rule and referred to appro- I
pnate committees'.
By Mr. WALLACE' The petition of Myfes Smith and
41 otheis, eiuaens ct York dwrief, South Ctrohna, praying
that a pool route be et liibh*bcd fjoju Mr*. ALison's, (oh the
route between Yotkviile, sfouHi Carolina, to Ciiailotte,
North Carnfuia) to Antioch, mi creek.
By iWr. 'i'MOMi'dcN, of Kentucky ; The petition of the
President and Proie-v-iors ot Bacon College, Kentucky, and
120 other influential unci resp' ctabte ctu/.en* of Hiriodo-
butg, Kentucky, pi aymg {or a f-ystem of < heap postage.
bj Mr. YOUNG: Tin, petition ol Jacoo J. Blown and
148 orders, citizens ot' Coles? countv, Illinois, asking tlie re-
duction ot Hid rates ot postage to two cents per bail" ounce
on ail pr< paid luters. n
^ • i:
ANo, the petition of Robert L. Dalaney and 30 others,
citueus of Marshall, Illinois, for lite -ame purpose,
A^« , the p.tition of H. J. Atkins and otheis, citizens
oi US-king tho establishment of a mail route tioui
Sh'din ville to Grcenv ille, m s<ud Slate.
By Mr CHANDLER: Tne memoual of Kab-ge-ga-gah-
{jough, orGeorsfe Copway, asking for ihe establishment of
an Indian Teiriiory ea-:t oi the Missouri river.
Also, tne petition of M. Wilhauir>o  and oihers, of Phil-
adelphia, asking tor tlie reduction of po&iage on prepaid let-
ter?-
By Mr. J30WLJN: Tin4 pptinon of Wymau Cr-<w and
440 others, eiuxtjU'* of St. Lou s, praying Congress to re-
linquish arid grant to t ie cuy «>t St. L .ni'-s the elands and
bar& f«  mod and forming m tne Mississippi and all claim
Ion ap n pri.Ued lands within her coiporale h >a s
Also, ttie ret turn or J. W. Daugueriy and 49 others, citi-
as-ns. of Si Lou s, praying Congiess to reduce ti)e ra es of
poatag; on prepaid letters <o tbe uuit'onu Mini of two and a
na ! ens per ounc..
A so, the petition of William McPheters and 25 o hers,
ei tzens ot Si L uis, praying the redu^-uon of th-; raits of
postage on p epaid 1l iters to two and a half« ents per ounce.
tfy Mr, M -'RJIIS; T epeiuou of Dnntel Tiout and 9M
•oilier-, o Brown coun?y, O1 io, joking Co..go s& to estab-
lish be rates of postage o>i prepaid le tors at two cents pr r
halt ou.KT'.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The memorial ol G orgeHervry,
of ue cuy of Charleston.
By Mr. PE\SLKE: Memorial and petition of Isa'C
Htl1, ot ^ew Hampsljire, in relation to hhel suits ina'tuted
a^aiiiat h n in the city ot New Yoik.
Abo, tiie p titioa or L hsha Morril'. litturney for tho hciih
J reunali Prtscott and Tiioma-  C nroy, dece istd, so!-
dters < f Captain Llisha Smith's company ot ivve)verno«ll)s>
voiunteeia in tlit. war of ldi-2, Jor tlie paac-.i-e i ad act
gra ttiug 130 acres of la .d t) the ueirti or legal ieprcse,.t.i-
tivesot said froldu'rs.
fJOOTH: Tlie petition of Anthony Lane, and
10L others, citizens of the city oi N<;\v York, praying
tor the jedu 'tion of postage to two cents on a)) prepaid let-
half aw ounce.
By Mi. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition from Samuel D.
Harii^, Jr., and 45 others, citizens of Portage county, Onio,
lor the ireedom of the public lands.
Aj&o, fiotn Adam Hoover and 48 others, citizens-of B.ir-
ryville, foi a seiui-wetkly mail loute from Canton, Ohio, to
Da-iiuitton, Pennsylvania,
By Mr. MANN,of Pennsylvania: The memorial of James
Joiimion, Assistant Coinin^saty of tuh^tence, praying
compensation lot service.viniid Hcgiment Pennsjivinm Vol
mums, hi the war with Mexico.
AbOjiiie petition c i hdmund Kine, who seived m the 2d
iU*gtmeut Pennsjlvai.ia Volunteers, in the late war with
Mexico, lor bounty land.
On motion by iMr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, the pennon
and papers of Captain Nebcin tail Stokely's hens, oi Wost-
motlanu county, Pennsylvania, praying for commutation
pay, on the files of the House, weie retencd to the Commit-
*ee on Ue\olutionary Claims.
Abo, the pelitioii and papers of the heirs of Matthew
Jack, who was .i captain in the re\ olutionary war, pray uig
for eonunutution pay, on the files ot the Hou^e, with addi-
tional evidence now ptesenied, were retried to tlx; Coin- j
miUee on Revolutionary Claims. _ . . \
By Mr. TAYLOR: ihe petition of Nathaniel Masste, J
John Madeua, Allen Latham, W. Marshall Andeisoti, and j
570 others, citizens ot Ohio, praying Congress to establish a i
new mail route, fiorn Cfulficotbe via fiallsviHe, Adelplu, |
tfouth Govey and Giber ouvilie to Logan, all m the btate oi i
Ohio ; and tiiat the mail sliould he carried tri-weekly m two-
hor5'' coac/iGs. S
Bv Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of James L. Brooks i
and 47 others, citizens of Skowliegan in tho Slate of Maine, j
for cheap postage. !
Bv Mr HAY : The petition of John Ware, Samuel bhep- ;
pard and '26 others, citizens of Greenwich, C'umbeilru.d j
coimtv, New Jmsey. . I
Also, the petition ol Benjamin Acton, jr., George \j. >
Kum fy and « others, trtwens of Ssleni, New Jer^y, ask-
ing Congress to reduce tlie postage ou piepaid letters, to two
"SjV'mi. VVENTVfOItTH: The petuinn of citizens ot
Prmceton, Bureau county, lor two cent postage.
Al o, Hi HH'.Hheis ot the Dt Kalb county Common School
Association foi two cent postage. ,
Al^o, ol ihe Citizens Ot lioquo's i-oimty, for Land Itc.onn.
Also, al Cili/.-ri- ot Chicago lot- Land Retoiui.
Bv Mr, COAGOR: The petition ol 120 ftndeiib and tcac.i-
e«,ofOortlanUville Academy, in the county ol Coitland and
State of New York, asking the reduction of postage to two
cents per half ounce on prepaid letters.
By Mr. KING, of Rhode Island: The petition ot John
Church antf others, of Little Compton, Rhode Island, ask
1114 ioi cheuo po.-tag>;.
AIjo; the p< tiUon of David G. Cook and others, of New-
port, Rhode! land, asking for cheap plKtagc.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The memorial of the President
and faculty of Marshall College, at Mereersbuig, Pennsyl-
vania, !0i tlie reduction of postage to two cents, to he pre-
paid on letters of half ounce weight; and for the restora-
tion o* the privilege of fiee exchange for magazines and
reviews. "    
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 28, 1850.
The Journal of jA;slerday having been read—
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the busi-
ness first in order to be the presentation of petitions
and memorials.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to ask the indulgence of
the Senate tor a single moment to make an expla-
nation personal to myself, a thing which 1 never
did before, arid which I hope I never shall a<ram.
1 hold 111 my hand the National Intelligencer, in
which [ see allusion was made to my absence yes-
teiday in debate, and an intimation made that it t
was intentional. Though 1 see that the honorable j
Senator (Vom Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] with his
accustomed magnanimity, appended a note to the !
leport in Ihe Intelligencer and Union that he did j
not intend to insinuate that 1 wished to avoid re- ;
sponsibility, I deem it duo to my constituents to i
state the cause of my absence. The reason is j
this: There is a distinguished son of New Hamp- I
shire who lies dead at this moment tn this city.
At an informal meeting of the delegates from lhat ,
State, they devolved upon me the duty ot makina j
arrangements for the public funeral this afternoon. |
That is the reason•! was not present. 1
Mr. DAVIS. On the part of my colleague, who |
\s absent from the Senate by reason ol serious in- ,
disposition, Iam authorized to say that heintended |
no such charge upon the Senator ti-om New Hamp- 1
shire. He did not intend to insinuate that he ;
avoided the moral responsibility of meeting this or
any other question. He has generally found him
ready to take whatever moral responsibility belongs .
to his peculiar opinions. I will add, that it is not
in the nature of my colleague to have made any ,
such insinuations in reference to a Senator during i
1 his absence, and he certainly did not intend any i
such towaids the fcieriatoi Irom New Hampshire. ;
Mr. HALE. 1 remarked that I saw thai the j
Senatoi fioiri Mississippi had, with his accus- j
tomed magnanimity, disclaimed any such inten- !
tion. !
Mr. DAVIS. I deemed it necessary to make j
this statement to avoid the possibility of rriiscoti- ,
struction. I wish now to call the attention of trie [
Senate to lhat to which the Senator irom New)
Hampshire incidentally alluded—the decease of ^
the distinguished son of New Hampshire, to
whom I suppose he alluded ; one ot the "^ny j
who were given by hev during the war of lblJ to
battle on the field and 011 the wave; of whom it
had been said by one of his comrades in arms,
that he was the firmest and coolest man he ever
saw under fire. I ahude, as I suppose the Senator
froni New Hampshire did, to General McNeil. j
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. . j
Mr. DAVIS. He was distinguished at Chip- I
pewa and Bridge,water; in the latter battle wounded, ;
for life made lame; for, though lie survived, and
for a long period continued in the army to rentier
valuable services to his country, it seems that the 1
wound he then received had sown the seeds ot ,
disease in his constitution, which has now led to
his decease in this city. .
I hope the Senator from New Hampshire will
make amotion that the Senate adjourn, and that
the respect of this body may be evinced by attend-
ing his funeral. He is worthy of all the respect
which can he shown to a gallant and deceased aol-
S dier. Towards him personally 1 feel the strong
! ties of early connection. He commanded the
regiment in which I was first promoted when I en-
t tered the army. He left the service with the re-
! spect of all who knew him, and his memory is
' now cherished with that respect which belongs to
high gallantry, devoted patriotism, and stem integ-
rity of chinacter wherever he was known. To
one who did so much to elevate the standard ot
the American soldier, who bled 111 youth and faith-
fully sewed his country until many winters had
gathered their frostsupon his brow—to one whose
ardent zeal for his country age could not cool,
nor time cover with his rust,it is proper, it isjuflt,
our marked respect should be offered on this the
last occasion when it can ever be connected with
the person of the deceased hero to whose memory
I leave others to pay the tribute which is due.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish to state in
reference to this matter, that immediately upon
the decease of General McNeil, there was a con-
sultation of the delegates from New Hampshire,
and they resolved to attend his funeral as a tribute
of respect to his memory, this afternoon. They
devolved upon me the duty of consulting with the
military authorities of the city and the army, and
I have the pleasure to state that General Jones
called upon me last evening and stated that the
military authorities, both of the city and the army
entered with great heart into the movement, and
are ready to do everything that is necessary to
pay appropriate honor to the memory of so dis-
iinguished an officer of the last war as General
McNeil.
I have a letter, too, which was written to me by
General Jesup, in which, speaking of the gallant-
ry of General McNeil, he says that his coolness
upon the field of battle was never surpassed by
any living man; that in the face of an English
battery of nine guns, he formed his regiment with
as much coolness as an experienced chess-player
would arrange his men upon the chess-board.
Knowing that the Senate had agreed'informally to
enter into Executive session to-day, 1 did not feel
at liberty to make the motion on my own author-
ity, but, at the suggestion of the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi, I will move that the Senate
adjourn to-day, at two o'clock, to attend the funer-
al of Gen. McNeil; and I will also state to the
Senate that the companies of the army under Gen.
Jones, and the military authorities of the city
under another Gen. Jones, having made arrange-
ments to pay military honors to the deceased.
Tho question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordci-erl, Tluit t!;c papers ot tho liens ol Thomas West,
now oil the file.- ol the Senate, be withdrawn thereirom.
SPECIAL OKDETt.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, who was entitled
to the floor upon the subject to-day, the special
order, being the Piesident's message transmitting
the constitution of California, was postponed until
to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Senate pro-
ceeded 10 the consideration of Executive business,
and at two o'clock, it) accordance with the resolu-
tion of the Senate, the body attended the funeral
of Gen. McNeil.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 27, 1850.
' The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
HOMESTEADS.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, to provide a homestead 01 lou
acres of the public domain to every man who is
the head of a family and a citizen of the United
Suites, and to every widow who is the mother of
a minor child or children, who may become the,
permanent occupants and cultivators of the soil;
which was read twice by its title. .
Mv. JOHNSON said that his object was to
have the bill refened to the Committee on AgXi-
culture J
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved, as
the move appropriate reference, that the bill be
i referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
1 Mr VINTON, remarking that this1 bill in-
volved "Proposition to give away the public lands
i of the United States, thought that it should go to
. the Committee on Public Lam s. FTnme
5 Mr JOHNSON hoped, he said, that the House
J would permit the bill to go to the Committee on
I A^"iie question was then taken on lhat motion,
! and was decided in the negative.
j So the House decided that tne bill should not
1 bo referred to the Committee 011 Agriculture,
i The question then recurred, and was taken 011
