1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
as an earnest of our good will; and it was for this
reason he had agreed to an increase of the appro-
priation for the contingencies of the Indian Depart-
ment from $12,000 to #15,000, and the increase of
the appropriation to purchase presents. It was
for that reason these sums were enlarged. The
pioneers of this Government to the various wild
tribes should be, in his opinion, the army. Our
officers can collect all the desired information, and
from their reports we can be prepared to act with
full knowledge and a perfect understanding. He
avowed his unwillingness, therefore, to vote the
appropriation, which involved an unnecessary ex-
pense and enlargement of Executive patronage.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD renewed it. After an explana-
tion between Mr. H. and Mr. Thompson, of Mis-
sissippi, as to the particular mode in which the
service contemplated by the appropriation was to
be rendered, Mr. H. proceeded to urge that the
appropriation should be made. Its principal ob-
ject was to enable the department to purchase
presents, &c., by which to conciliate the friendly
feelings of the Indians. The amount proposed
was moderate. It was well known that the Gov-
ernment had not been very fortunate in conquering
the Indians, or punishing them by force of arms
for any depredations they might have commuted,
and that the chief success which we had met with
in regard to them had been accomplished by con-
ciliation and negotiation. The Mexican Govern-
ment had made a demand upon this Government
for the fulfillment of the stipulations of the treaty;
but up to this time no measures had been adopted
for the accomplishment of that object. He had m j
his possession a letter (which was subsequently
read by the Clerk) from an officer at San Antonio
in relation to this subject. No rnoie favorable op-
portunity could piesent itself for compliance with
our treaty stipulations, and for taking the requisite
measures to carry out these stipulations, than was
afforded by this boundary commission—supported
as it would be by a military force, and thus im-
pressing the Indians with some idea of the strength
of the Government. It was the opinion of the of-
ficers of the army that an attempt should not be
made to conquer these tribes, unless they should
break out into hostilities against us, but that we
should effect the object we had in view by propi-
tiation in the mode contemplated by this amend-
ment.
Mr. H. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. WHITE renewed the amendment to the
amendment, for the purpose, he said, of having a
vote.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that
$15,000 was already appropriated for those In-
dians to whom the coirespondent of the gentleman
from Texas had alluded, having been included in
an amendment whtoh was adopted not ten minutes
previous.
Mr. HOWARD said, the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was mistaken. His correspondent alluded
to the Indians along the whole line.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Hall to the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment as
amended—
Mr. CROWELL(upon a pro forma amendment)
explained the reasons which had influenced the
Committee on Indian Affairs in reporting these j
amendments. We were under treaty stipulations
with Mexico to defend her frontier and inhabitants
from the hostile depredations of these Indian tribes
upon her border., and also to restore to Mexico ;
those of their people whom the Indians, in their j
hostile incursions into her territory, had taken. ,
The question was, what was the best mode of t
fulfilling these treaty obligations? These Indians, |
spread over the territory stretching along the north- !
ern boundaiy of Mexico from the Rio Grande to j
the Pacific, were exceedingly wild. Of ttheir num- j
bers, their pursuits, their modes of life, &c., our ;
Government was entirely ignorant. In order to j
cultivate friendly relations* and thus enable our- ;
selves to fulfill our treaty stipulations, it was ne~ j
cessary to send some person to gather information !
upon these and various other points respecting ^
them. The present was a very proper occasion '
to send out such an agent, under the protection of
the military escort which accompanied the bound-
ary commissioner. If sentout now, it would avoid
the necessity of a special military escort, which
otherwise would be neiessary.
Mr. WHITE renewed the amendment of Mr.
Johnson, of Arkansas, and called for a vote.
Mr, KAUFMAN moved a pro forma amend-
ment, for the purpose of making a few remarks.
He insisted on the Government exercising its
duties in such manner as to subserve the interests
of every portion of the country. He regretted
that the gentleman from Missouri, and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, should have felt them-
selves bound to oppose this appropriation. In
his opinion, the expenditure of a few thousand
dollars m endeavors to conciliate these Indian
tribes would produce much greater effect, than
the waste of millions in coercing them. The Del-
egate from Minnesota had said, that there existed
among these Indians a general feeling of hostility
against the United States. It is impossible to co-
erce these tribes to submission. Every attempt
we make to subdue t+iem by force, will only lead
to new outrages on our frontier settlers, by way
of satisfying their vengeance. He had just re-
ceived a letter from a gentleman well acquainted
with the character and habits of these Indians,
who states it as his conviction that a few thousands
expended in presents, would be much more effect-
ual than the expenditure of millions in coercion.
It wa3 this policy which was principally puisued
by the Government of Texas. It was found effi-
cacious there, and it would be found equally so in
the United States. We are told that the officers
of the army connected with the expedition to
survey the boundry between Mexico and the
United States will take this charge on themselves.
But this is no part of their duty. They are not
sent to the frontier for that purpose. The pro-
per mode is to send an agent. He will go there
charged with this special duty, and he will en-
deavor to execute it so as to promote the best in-
terest of the country. He did not think that
#30,000 was too large a sum for the purpose:
#50,000 had been recommended by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and even ihat sum might
be disbursed among these Indians very advanta-
geously by the United States. Treaties must be
negotiated, and presents distributed for the purpose
of impressing on these tribes a belief in the sincerity
of our efforts to conciliate, and to show them that
our Government is just and considerate. He would
repeat, that a few thousands would do more-for
us by conciliation, than could be effected by mil-
lions expended in coercion, which would involve
us in all the difficulties of an Indian war.
But it has been said against this appropriation,
that already #15,000 have been appropriated for
Texas. That is true. That amount is insufficient
for the purpose contemplated. But that was in-
tended for Indians living within Texas. This
appropriation is intended principally for those In-
dians living along the line of a thousand miles from
El Paso to the Pacific ocean. The two appropri
ations are for entirely difteient objects. lie hoped
the amendment would be adopted.
So the amendment of Mr. Johnson, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, under similar in-
structions, moved the following amendment:
" For expenses of treating with the Mississippi and St.
Peter's Siouv. foi the extinguishment of their title to lands
in Minnesota Territory, §L5,000. 
As this amendment and the next and last which
he was instructed to offer came under the same ex-
! planation,he caused to be read theamendment which
immediately follows. Heexplamed, that both these
amendments were for the purpose of concluding
treaties, and for purchasing lands in the Territory
of Minnesota. That Territory embraced about one
hundred and sixty thousand square miles; out of
which only about fifteen thousand square miles
belonged to the American Government—the In-
dian title being extinguished. The balance be-
longed to the Indian tribes. Our people—the set-
tlers in that Territory—were pressing upon these
tribes, and it became necessary to purchase a por-
! tion of their lands, or see these Indians driven out
j by the whites without receiving any compensation
whatever; which would be productive of very
great excitcment and difficulty, and, perhaps, of
■ war upon our frontier.
'! He caused to be read the communication from
;! the Department of the Interior, setting forth the
i', necessity of this appropriation.
ij The question was taken, and the amendment
11 was agreed to.
Mr. J., under similar instructions, offered the
following amendment;
" For expenses of treating with the Indians and Half-
breeds, for the extinguishment of the title to theft lands on
the Red river of the North, in the Territory of Minnesota.
$J 0,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BOKEE, the committee then
rose, and the chairman reported the bill and
amendments to the House.
The question was stated by the Speaker to be
on agreeing to the amendments, and on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
The SPEAKER said that the amendments
would be read, and that if any gentleman desired
a separate question on any amendment, he would
designate it. If not, the question would be taken
on the amendments in the aggregate.
Ail the amendments, with the exceptions here-
after mentioned, were agreed to.
INDIAN TREATIES, STATISTICS, &C.
Mr. McMULLEN demanded a separate ques-
tion on the following amendment,reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
"For expenses for procuring information and collecting
statistics necessary to the Indian Bureau, and for making
treaties with and piesents to the various iribes or Indians
residing within the limits of the United States upon the
borders of Mexico, $30,000."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 98, nays 62; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Ashmun,
Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Bnggs, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, But), Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, C.ilvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,Conger, Corwin, Cruw-
eil, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Na-
than Evan-, Fowler, Fieedl-y, Giddings, Gilmoie, Gott,
Gould, Halloway, Haralson, Sampson W. Hariis, Ha>-
moud, Henry, Milliard, Holladay, Holmes, Houston, How-
ard, Howe, Joseph W\ Jackson, Kobeit W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Preston Kmc, Leffier, Marshall, Matteson, McDow-
ell, McGau^hty, McKis ock, McWillie, Moore, Morton,
Nelson, Newell, Ogle,Owen, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Rt'ed,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Sackett, Savage,
Schernierhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaul-
dmg, Sprague, Stanly, R. H. Stanton, Tliaddeus Stevens,
Tayloij John B. Thompson, Underbill, Walden, Waldo,
Walking Wellborn, White, Williams, and Wilson—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Bingham, Bis-
sell, W. J. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, J.
P. Caldwell, Carder, Cliiigman, W R. W. Cobb, ColcooK,
Daniel, Deherry. Dimrmck, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
Fuller,Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton,Harlan, I. G.Harris,
Thomas L. Hams, fioagiand, Hubbard, Hunter, Andrew
Johnson, Julian, La S£re, Littlefield, Job Mann, McDonald,
MeLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Morris, Orr, Otis, Pot-
ter, Richardson, Itobbins, Robinson. Ross, Sawtelle, Sned-
don, Stetson, Sweetst-i, Thomas, Jacob Thompson. Wal-
lace, Wentworth, Whittlesey, VVildrick, Wilniot, Wood,
Woodwaid, and Young—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
INDIAN TITLES IN MINNESOTA.
The next amendment on which a separate vote
was called for was the following:
" For expenses of treating with the Mississippi and St.
Peter's Sioux (or the extinguishment ofiheirtitle to lands in
Minnesota Temtoiy, $15,000."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said he would with-
draw the call for a separate vote upon this amend-
ment after the vote which had just been taken.
The SPEAKER said, it would be necessary to
take the question upon it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then was on ordering the bill to a
third leading.
Objection was made to the third reading of the
bill, on the ground that it had not been engrossed.
The SPEAKER said, if objection was made the
bill, not having been engrossed, could not be re-
ceived.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER now said, the Chair had been
informed that the bill had been engrossed.
Mr. ASHMUN said, let us see the bill.
The question on the motion to adjourn was
called for, and, being taken, was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 86, noes 59.
So the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlugust 5, 1850.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved'.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unanU
