424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
the motion of Mr. Thompson, and was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. MOORE said; he had at an early day in
the session given notice of a bill similar in char-
acter. He asked the unanimous consent of the
House to permit him to introduce it now. Con-
sent was given, and he introduced a bill to dis-
courage speculation in the public lands, and to
secure homes thereon to actual settlers and cul-
tivators; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CHEAP POSTAGE.
Mr ASHMUN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to reduce the rates of postage, and to abol-
ish the franking privilege; as follows:
Section 1. Beit cnacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
reientatives of the United States of Jlmetica in Congress
assembled, That from and aftecJhc first dav of" Juiy next, the
rates of postage upon letters, when prepaid, ^iiiiii be uni-
form; and all such letter.-, passing through the mail, s-hall
be charged by weight, as follows : Letters wHyhin* not
more than half an ounce, two cents; more than half an
ounce, and not moie than one ounce, lour cents; more than
an ounce, and not more ilun an oun e and a half, six cents;
more than an ounce and a half, and not mori tisan two
ounces, eiyiit cent.*; and tour cents additional for ever}'
ounce of « rearer weight, all letters conveyed by ni.nl-
steamers between Orf-gon or California, and potts of other
pirt* of the United States, five times tne above rates; and
on all letters winch are not prepaid, the postage shall remain
as now established hy law.
Sec. 2. Be it farther enacted. That it shall be the duty of
the I'ostma-ter General to provide suitable letter-stamps for
the prepayment of postage,ol the seveial denominations,
of two cents, four cent--, six cent*, erulit cents, and of
such othar denominations as he may doom expedient; and
cause them to be furnished and kept for sale m each
of the Post Oifiees in the United Stales; and any deputy
Postmaster, who shall fail, hy his own neglect, to have the
same for sale to any person applying theiefor, shall be liable
to a penalty of five dollars for every such failure ; to be re-
covered by the person so applying. And any person who
shall counterfeit, alter, or forge any letter stamp, or who
shall, knowingly, have in his possession any tats**, forced,
or altered letter-stamp, with intent to n-e or utter the saun-
as genuine, shall be deemed to be gmlty of felony, and he
punished hy fine not eveoeding five hundred dollars, or by
imprisonment not more than rive veats.
Sec. 3. Be it Jurther emoted That if by renrnn of this act
the compensation ol'anyd putv postmaster shall hereducrd
below the present rate, the Postmaster Geneial is hereby
authorized at hi- di^cietion to increa.-e such compensation,
as far as justice and the interests of the Department may
require, having regard to the a i omit of labor and chai-
acter of the service performed, provide l that the whole
amou t of compensation in any yoar shall not exceed he
amount allowed at the same office m the fiscal year ending
the first day of July next; and whenever a new po*t office
shall be otabh-hed, th • Po-tmastHr General may fiv t e
amount of animal compens. tion of th deputy post nu-ter
at a r not larger than is allowed at existing offices requir-
ing the same amo nt of service.
Sec. 4. Beit faither cnacted, That the franking piivih'ge,
except sotat as it mav have been confer red by Conure^ upon
individuals as a mark of re.-pect and Iionoi. is heiehv abol-
ished ; and the pos age of all document^ puhli.-bed by either
Hoikg of Cons''js--?a d all communication^ to and from mem-
bers of eiiher H use, mailed dining th ■ session, including
speeches d"hv red therein, a  d all communications o and
from the officers of either Ilou-e upon public service, shall
be paid out of the contingent fimcN ot the res ■. etive Hnns.es,
under such regulations as < ach Ilou^e shall pre-cube for
itself; and all coininum ations to and from tne several De-
partments of Government, properlv chanroab e to the publ c
service, shall be tnai ked as *ueh, and the postage thereof
be paid like other contingent expenses of the Depa tments.
Sbc. 5. Be tt fuithei cam ted) That if the receipts ol the
Post Odice, including the amount paid on account of the
po-tage of Congte-s and the Dep-n tmenN, shall be insuffi-
cient to defray the expen-es of the Po.-t Office Department
with the present extent of mail accommodatio and such
further extension t ereofas maybe made by Congress or
the Department, the deficiency shall be paid out of any mo-
ney i the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; Provided,
that the entire aggregate expenditure of the Pos Office De-
partment, exclusive of the salaries of officers, clerk" and
messengers of the General P st Office and the contingent
fund of the same, shall not exceed the annual sum of five
millions of dollars.
The bill was read twice liv its title and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
BRANCH MINT.
Mr. BRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to establish a branch of the mint of the
United States in the city of New York; which was
read twice and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, offered the
following preamble and resolution, which were
read, and the resolution was agreed to: j
Whereas, ttieownersot important inventions complain i
tnut ore.1t injustice is done them, br the unauthorized erec- I
lion ot machines in the Provinces of Canada, (hr which they 1
rave obtained letters patent under acts of Conarcss, by I
<md Mln?^Esg.?°<,sifliS manl"a« >ed in said provinces, I
ana sent into the United States for sale:
Tietolved, That the Committee on Patents be instructed to
inquire into the exptdiency of some further legislation upon
this buhjtct, with the view of protesting inventors, from the
injury complained of, and that they jepoit by bill or other-
wise.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, the House resolved itself into Committee ;|
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. !j
Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair) , j
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending business \\
to be the resolutions referring the President's mes-
sage to the appropriate committees.
Mr. TOOMBS, (who was entitled to the floor
from yesterday,) remarking that it seemed to be
the wish of the House to take up the California
bill, and that he had no choice about it, moved to
lay aside the President's annual message and take
up the California message.
The question was taken and agreed to.
So the Committee proceeded to the considera- i
tion of the message of the President communica- i
ting the constitution of California. j
Mr. TOOMBS, (still retaining his right to the I
floor,) yielded at the request of i
Mr. DOTY, who said he wished to submit a j
proposition to the Committee. He moved the fol- I
lowing: '
Jin M to admit tkc State of California into the Union. I
Where.a*, the people of California have fotmed for them- I
selves a Constitution and State Government, and applied '
for admission into the Union as a Slate; and wheiea-, the
t-aid Constitution has been officially communicated to Con-
gress, and is M'publican : Therefore,
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, <$*c., That the State of California,
with the boundaries described in the said Constitution,
shall be one, and is hereby declared to be one of the United
States of America, and admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, in ail lespects what-
ever.
Sec. 2. Thesaid State of California shall never interfere
with the prirraiy disposal of the soil within the same by
the United Stares, nor with any regulations Congress make
for coounng the. title in such soil to hona-fide purchase!*
tbfreof, and no tax shall be imposed on lauds, the property
ot the United States; which said provisions are hereby de-
lated to be fundamental conditions upon which tiie said
State is admitted into the Union.
Mr. GREEN (the floor being further yielded
by Mr. T ) offered an amendment, which was not
read, proposing the Missouri compromise line.
[A copy of the amendment was nouohtained.]
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said he d esired
to Know whether amendments submitted in this
way cut oft' other amendments, or whether they
were rend for information merely?
The Chairman's reply was not heard, as he
addressed himself to Mr. McLane on the other
a
this was a people who had contemplated this
question without reference to geographical feel-
ings; and, conscious that he himself had formed
and entertained opinions upon all general ques-
tions which had engaged the attention of the Fed-
eral Legislature—opinions formed without any
regard to his own geogiapbical position—he now
felt at liberty, as he hoped he always should feel,
to paiticipate in debate here upon a national plat-
form. But, in making use of this language, he
was not to be understood as holding an indefinite
or confused idea of a national platfoim. He
would feel that he bad but a very small title to the
respect of the members of Congress, if he sup-
posed, that in legislating upon a national platform,
he was to legislate without regard to the Federal
character of the Government which constituted the
nation. He used the term " nation," without any
desire to subject himself to hypercriticism. To
him, at tnis moment, it was a matter of perfect in-
difference whether, as the gen leman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venablk,] who hud spoken had
argued, we should be called a Confederated Re-
public of States, a Confederacy of States, or a
National Government and a na'ional people. He
believed that, within the limits of the Constitution,
we were a nation. They were here to legislate
for the nation—they were here to legislate for the
people of the United Slates; and although,as he
had said, he represented a border people, (in view
of sectional issues,) and although the will of the
people of that region, whenever that will was
clearly expressed, was his guide, yet on abstract
questions, and in matters involving immediate ac-
tion, he hoped that they knew and felt that lie
legislated for the people of all the States, and for
the Government which the people of all the States
had formed. It seemed, unfortunately, to be the
fact, that all those general issues which ordinarily
engaged the attention of Congress had passed
away. As a general lule, he could not concede
the propriety and wisdom of confining his re-
maiks, when he enteied into debate here, to a sin-
gle isolated point, and permitting that to engross
the whole wisdom and patriotism of the American
Congress. But he felt—and probably this convic-
tion had been brought home to the bosom of every
gentleman here—that these issues, which had hith-
erto divided the country, which had constituted
the great line of demarkation between parties in
the United States, had been adjourned. That they
were adjourned for the hour was manifest—and
he believed that it rested with this Congress to de-
termine whether they were adjourned forever,
it seemed to him that they had assembled, as a
side of the hall from the reporter. (The proposi- 'j national Congress, under circumstances most pe-
tions of Mr. Doiy and Mr. Green were under- '' ~ —1 1 ' ' "   
stood by the leporter to have been leceived.)
Mr. McLANE objected,to further amendments
being received in this way by the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] yielding to gentlemen to
enable ihem to offer them.
Mr. TOOMBS resumed the floor and addressed
the committee during his hour upon the slavery
question. [His speech will appear hereafter.]
Mr. BAKER obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee during the hour in remarks which
will be published hereafter.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that there
! cuhar; and he challenged the attention of honora-
ble gentlemen to the issue which he was about to
piesent, and which, he believed, could not be de-
nied. They were here not as freemen. They
vaunted much, it was true, of their freedom of
speech and freedom of opinion. The great point
of misapprehension was this—that Congress waa
,, not free. They had assembled here, elected, most
Ij of them, during the last Presidential canvass—
Whigs and Democrats bound alike to issues to
which the great body of the people, at the time
they elected them, werestrangeis. He looked to
,, northern Democrats who had their seats here, and
was no gentleman on this floor who, throughout . who, though fully committed to the non-intervtn-
the debate, had felt more strongly than himself:! tion principle of the national Democratic party
the obligation pressing upon him to contribute, |, had yet excited expectations on the part of earnest
in as humble a manner as might be within his ij and fanatical anti-slavery constituents, which now
power, to direct the public sentiment of this ]! embarrassed them, m meeting, with wisdom and
House, to direct the public sentiment of the Le- ;< justice, the new phase of this question, presented
gislature of this country, with a spirit and with a jj by the. adoption of ihe California State constitu-
motive looking to the just rights of every part of i tion. They obtained their seats in the North for
. t0 '^5 we"'are, !'le. people of j| the most part, by accepting an issue which 'ap-
! pealed to a minority of the people of their own
, districts. The questions which, as he said, were
j adjourned here, had also been adjourned at the
all the States; recognizing at the same time the
great principle, that the just welfare of the people
of all the States was intimately, if not indisso-
lubly connccted with the welfare of the Federal
Government, and the existence of the Federal
Constitution itself. Coming into this House as
the Representative of a constituency who had fre-
quently been referred to in the course of the debate
as a border population; representing a oortion of
the people of Maryland who, in the first speech
of the session, made by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] had been referred to
and speculated upon in view of their probable ac-
tion in the contingency of a dissolution of the
Fed ' "■
time these elections took place. Honorable Gen-
tlemen had separated themselves in their Congres-
sional canvass from the juwt obligations w'hich
they owed to the principles and policv adopted by
the national Democratic party, and had substituted
for these obligations a devotion to the pariicular
issue of free soil.
The Whig party of the North, unembarassed
by any national obligations on this question, had
boldly and freely contested with the free-soil party
fl„ . p _ - - . .     proper* the exclusive and paramount devotion to
to ociur he fMr Mr? 7J 8S u 7 N*the P'nciples of fiee-soil and free labor, as gen-
to occur,—he (Mr. McL.j felt bound to say, that i] erally understood to be involved in the legisla-
