1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 5.
was proposed to make a reduction in the rates of
postage, he regarded it as still more improper to
multiply the charges on the revenue of the depart-
ment.
Mr. GREEN replied to his colleague. He con-
tended that the appeal on the subject of the reduc-
tion of postage could not have much weight, inas-
much as it had always been asserted that every
reduction in the rate of postage increased the rev-
enue of the department. He denied that the de-
partment had ever realized the declarations of
those who insisted that it should be a self-existing,
self-sustaining department. He called on his col-
league to tell him whether it had ever paid its ex-
penses? whether it had ever paid the cost of the
magnificent structure in which it was conducted,
and of the officers necessary to keep it in order ?
Never.
Mr. PHELPS said something in explanation,
which was not heard.
Mr. GREEN said, he desired no information
beyond that which he had. He believed that
nothing new could be stated which would have
any effect on his opinion. He had looked into
the subject sufficiently to enable him to form his
judgment. The department never was self-sustain-
ing. It had never paid its expenses: he meantthe
expenses of the building in which it was carried
on, the superintendence of repairs, expenses of
clerks employed in it. For the last fifty years
there had been an annual charge on the Treasury
of about $215,000, towards the expenses of the de-
partment. The receipts of the Post Office Depart-
ment do not go into the Treasury, while all the
expenses of the officers necessary for the depart-
ment go out of the Treasury. Ii was the purpose
of the Committee of Ways and Means to change
this system. He admitted that there might be a
million of dollars to the credit of the department
on the books of the Treasury, while, if you were
to draw a draft for a hundred dollais on account of
the department, not a single dollar of it could be
drawn out.
He repeated, that the department never had paid
its own expenses. What was the condition of the
people of Missouri ? If they send on here an ap-
plication for some additional mail facilities, the
answer is invariably, that the means of the depart-
ment will not allow them to be granted. People
are told that they cannot have new facilities be-
cause there are no means to pay for them. He
contended that it was manifestly unjust that the
people of Missouri, who consume imported goods,
should be taxed to make up this sum of $215,000
paid annually out of the Treasury, while they
could get nothing by way of mail facilities in
return. The people of the eastern States derived
all the advantages of the system, because they got
their postages down to five cents, and are now ex-
erting themselves to get a further reduction to
three cents or even less.
He censured the system of making contracts for
the transportion of the mails by steamers, regard-
ing it as a fraud that this system should have been
thrown on the Navy Department. He was op-
posed to the whole system. He was unable to
discover any advantage likely to result from it.
It threw upon the country an annual outlay of
$1,300,000 for the benefit of commerce, as it was
pretended. He denied that Congress had any
more right to throw such a tax as this on the
country for the benefit of commerce, any rrioie
than it had for the benefit of agriculture, or of the
aits and sciences. It was a scheme for the benefit
of a few mail contractors. He particularly desig-
nated Mr. Butler King as the individual who had
procured the passage of the law authorizing these
contracts; and asserted that he would at any lime
when he could get hold of a sufficient pretext,
move a repeal of these contracts.
[Some conversation took place here between
Mi. Green and Mr. Cruwell, on the subject of
the positions they had respectively occupied on
tins question.]
Mr. GREEN" resumed, vindicating Mr. Polk
from the imputation cast on him by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Crowkll] for having approved
this bill, stating that he was compelled to do so,
or to stop the supplies.
He concluded with stating it to be his intention
hereafter to go more at large into this question of
the mail steamers. It had been boasted by some
of these contiactors, that by means of'cigars,
champagne, and oysters, they had been able to
secure their contracts. He did not believe there
was any truth in these boastings, but he was desi-
rous that such imputations should not be cast on
Congress.
Mr. WHITE moved that the committee rise.
Mr. CROWELL requested the gentleman from
New York [Mr. White] to withdraw the motion
for a few moments, to enable him (Mr. C.) to say
a word in reply to a certain portion of the remarks
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Green.]
The motion was not withdrawn.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the committee rose and reported
progress.
TERMINATION OF THE DEBATE.
Mr. BAYLY offered a resolution, in the usual
terms, providing for the termination of the debate
on the said bill in fifteen minutes after its consider-
ation should again have been resumed in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the motion, by substituting two hours for fifteen
minutes. He desired, he said, to submit some re-
marks.
Pending the motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of John L. Frost, praying
compensation for property in the city of Washington which
wa* destroyed by the British in 1814, and for seivices ren-
dered m removing the records of the Government from the
Capitol immediately preceding its attack by the British in
said year.
By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition of citizens of White
Hail, in the State of New York, to make White Hall a port
oi entry.
By Mr. WALDO : The petition of E. A- Converse and 147
other citizens and electors of the town of Stafford, Connec-
ticut, praying for the substitution of a judicious system of
specific duties in lieu of the ad valorem principle in our tariff
laws.
Also, the petition of Tracy Peck and 48 others, citizens of
Bristol, Connecticut, asking for an alteration of the tariff
laws, by substituting specific for ad valorem duties.
By Mr. PHCEN1X: The petition of Leonard Scott & Co.,
and others, publishers of periodicals, on the subject of post-
age.
By Mr. PEASLEE; The petition of C. H. Atherton,
praying to he allowed interest on hits money during the
time the Government had the use theieof, and to be remu-
nerated for his expenses incurred in entering into a contract
with the Government, which contract the Government failed
to perform on its part.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 5,1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Mar-
cus Spaulding, asking the enactment of a law grant-
ing bounty land to the officers and soldiers of the
war of 1812 with Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Rich-
ard Fields, asking compensation for services ren-
dered in the negotiation of a treaty between the
United States and the Seminole Indians, in the
years 1837 and 1838; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented $ memorial of citi-
zens of Rockville, in the State of Connecticut,
setting forth that they have invested not less than
half a million of dollars in the manufacture of
woolen goods, and give employment to more than
a thousand persons; that this branch of industry
has suffered very great depression from the inju-
rious effects of the tawff of 1846; and asking that
the evils may be remedied by the adoption of a
judicious system of specific duties instead of ad
valorem, and that they may be protected from the
frauds of the foreign manufacturers and importers;
which was referied to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of the
mayor of New Orleans, and the council of the
first municipality, in favor of the enlargement of
the limits of the port of New Orleans, by the an-
nexation of a certain district on the right bank of
the river opposite the first and thiid municipalities.
The memorials set forth the advantage to be de-
rived from such a step, among which they enu-
merate that business will be concentrated in the
vicinity of the custom-house, post-office, and
mint; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted docu-
ments in relation to the claim of Don Juan Do-
mercq, a Spanish subject residing in Mexico, to
compensation for a quantity of tobacco taken by
the United States troops during the late war with
that Republic; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of citizens
of Gibson county, Indiana, asking that bounty
lands be granted to the officers and soldiers of the
last war with Great Britain, and the several Indian
wars; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were recommitted the adverse re-
port on the petition of Robert Butler and additional
evidence in his case, asking compensation for prop-
erty taken for public uses, made a report recom-
mending that the original adverse repoit be con-
firmed, and closing with a resolution that the
prayer of the petition ought to be granted; which
was agreed to.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting a pcrni in to the
widow of Lieutenant Browning, late of the United Stated
Navy.
Mr. JONES also submitted a paper relating to
the same, which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BELL asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill granting
to the State of Alabama the right of way and a
donation of public land, for the purpose of loca
ting and constructing a railroad from the point at
which the Nashville and Chattanooga road crosses
the Tennessee river to the town of Chattanooga;
which was read a first and second time by its utle
and referied to the Committee on Public Lands.
NEW MEXICO.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into ttie expediency of prohibiting by law
any officer of the ai my from assuming or e\en i-ing within
the hunts of the United States any civil power oi .uithoiity
not conferred by an act oi Congress, and ot pioviding an ad-
equate punishment for such offences.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, addressed the Sen-
ate for upwards of two hours upon this resolution.
Of his speech a report will appear hereafter.
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed until to-morrow.
NEW MEXICO AND TEXAS.
Mr. PEARCE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce the following bili:
A BUI proposing to the State of Texas ihe establishment of
her northern and western boundaries, the relinquishment
by said State oi all teirilory claimed by htr exterior to
said boundaries, and of all her claim upon the United
States.
Beit enacted, fyc., That the following propositions shall
be, and the same hereby, are offered to ihe State of Texas,
which, when agreed to by the s-md Stale, in an act passed
by her Geneial Assembly, shall be binding and obligatory
upon the United States and upon the said State oi Texas.
Provided, That the said agreement by the said General As-
sembly shall be given on or belore the fir&t day of Decem-
ber, 1850.
Fint. The St.ite of Texas will agree that her boundary
of the noith shall commence at the point at which ihe me-
ridian ot 100° wot from Gieenwich is intersected l>> the
paiatlel of 36° 3U' nortli^autude, and shall run from said
point due west to the, meiidian of 1013° vve^t irom Green-
wich ; thence her boundatv shall inn due south to the thir-
ty second degree oi noith latitude ; thence on the said paral-
lel of 32° of north latitude to the riio Biavo del Norte; and
thence with the channel oi said river to the Gull ot Mexico.
Second. The State of Texas cedes to the United States all
her temtojy extenor to the limits and boundanes which
she agrees to establish by the fiist, article of ihis agreement.
Thud The State ot Texas relinquishes ail claim upon the
United States for liability tor the debts of Texas, and lor
compensation oi indemnity for the surrender to the United
States ot her ships, fort?, arsenals, eustom-hou.-ts, custom-
house revenue-ai ins and munitions ot wai, and public build-
ings, with their sues, which bfeame the piopen,y of the
United States at the mm: of annexation.
Fourth. The United State*, m consideration of said re-
duction of b^undaiies, cession ot terutory, aud relinquish-
ment of chums, will pay to the State of Ttxas the sum of
ten millions of dollars,, m a .-lock bearing five per cent, in-
terest, and redeemable at the end of fourteen years, the in-
terest payable half-yearly at the Treasury of tne United
States.
Fifth, immediately after the President of the United
States shall have been furnished with an authentic copy of
the act ot the General Assembly of Texas accepting tlie« e
propositions, he shall cause the slock to be issued in favor
of the State of Texas, as provided for m the fifth aitieleof
tins agreement. iVoftded, That five millions of said stock
