THE CONGKESSIOMIi GLOBE
i " * ■£ •
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RltES.—TERMS $
>3 FOR THISSESSKJK.
31st Congress, 1st Session. THURSDAY, AUGUST, 8, 1850.
New Series No-. 96,
shall not 1>e issued until the creditors of the State holding
bonds of Texas for which duties on imports were specially
pledged, shall first file at ihe Treasury of the United States
releases of all claims against the United States for or on
account of said bonds.
The bill having; been read a first time—
Mr. PEARCE asked for its second reading, and
he addressed the Senate for more than half an
hour in explanation of his plan, a report of which
will be found with the proceedings on the bill, of
August 7th.
The bill was then read a second time, ordered
to be printed, and was made the order of the day
for to-morrow.
THE ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS, i now ask that the special
order may be considered.
f Mr. YULEE. It is so late in the day, being
flow near three o'clock, that I move it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
; The motion to postpone was lost.
• The bill providing for the admission of Califor-
nia was then taken up, as in Committee of the
,Whole, and there being no further amendment, it
;was reported, as amended, to the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in, and the ques-
tion was then on ordering the bill to be engrossed
| for a third reading.
\ A discussion ensued which occupied the re-
mainder of the day's sitting; and without coming
to any decision on the bill,
The Senate adjourned.
{The debate will be given in the Appendix.]
I
IIOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jiugust 6, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEBATE ON THE POST OFFICE BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] providing
that all deba'e in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the PostOffice appropriation
bill, should terminate in fifteen minutes after the
, bill should again have been taken up. A motion
had been made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
(Mr. Stanton,] to amend the resolution by stri-
king out the words "fifteen minutes," and inserting
" two hours;" and pending this amendment, the
House had adjourned.
The question now recurred on the motion of
Mr. Stanton, to amend the resolution by striking
out " fifteen minutes,"and inserting " two hours."
The resolution and amendment was read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved the
amendment which had heretofore been offered by
Mr, Stanton.
The SPEAKER explained the state of the ques-
tion.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the resolu-
tion and amendment be laid upon' the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Stanton.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Potter and Duncan were appointed.
The question wax taken, and the vote was de-
clared to be—ay^-s 51, noes 71.
Mr. VENABLE asked the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER put the question, arid twenty-
five voted in favor of the yeas and nays, (not a
sufficient number to order them.)
Tellers on the yeas and nays were demanded
and ordered, and Messrs. Wallace and Olds
were appointed.
Twenty-one members voted in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. &OTT demanded the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ORR submitted, that when the Speaker, in
the first instance, counted the members voting to
order the yeas and nays, tweniy-five members
were announced as in favor of them. He (Mr.
96
0.) submitted that this was a sufficient number in
the present state of the House, and called for a
count of the negatives.
The SPEAKER said, it was too late to make
the point. The Chair had announced that twenty-
five was not a sufficient number, and the gentle-
man should then have called for a count of the
negatives.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEATHERSTON now renewed the mo-
tion that the resolution belaid upon the table, and
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Featherston.
And the House again decided that the resolution
should not £>e laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, having been taken—
The resolution was adopted.
So the House decided that the debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
<;aid bill, should terminate in fifteen minutes after
it should again have been taken up.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but waived the motion at the request
of Mr. Hammond.
ENGRAVING. „
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on En-
graving:, reported he following resolution; which
was adopted:
Resoltcd, That the Committee on Engraving he directed
10 conn act for the engraving and printing of fourteen hun-
dred «;erj: ot the five map<? accompanying tlio menage of the
President, relative to figre Wand, in the Gulf of Fonseea,
provided the cost shall riot exceed six hundred and seventy
dollars.
Mr. BAYLY then renewed the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—which motion was agreed to.
POST-OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Thereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
out of the revenues of the Post Office Department
for its service during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1851.
Mr. CROWELL rose, and addressed the com-
mittee to the following effect: Mr. Chairman, it
is my purpose, in taxing the time of the commit-
lee, to submit a few remarks to its consideration
in relation to the bill now pending. And 1 am
induced to do this mainly, though reluctantly, in
consequence of what passed in this Hall on yester-
day. My rematks (said he) shall be brief.
While a member of this House from Missouri
[Mr. Green] was addressing the committee, and
denouncing the measure under consideration on
that point which involves the appropriation of
money to the foreign mail service as unconstitu-
tional, 1 made an-inquiry of him, whether the bill
or bills under which the*system was commenced
and prosecuted up to the present time were not
approved by Mr. Polk, his political friend, the
President of the United States at the um£ they
were passed? 1 did this, Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of pointing his denunciations against tfye
friends of the measure who first brought it for-
ward, and by whose votes the measure was carried
through Congress, and the President of the United
States who approved it. 1, at the same time, did
not wish it to be understood that I endorsed the
declaration that this appropriation was unconstitu-
tional. It may have been inexpedient, but that is
a different question. 1 did not agree with the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that either the members of
Congress by whom the bill was passed, or the
President ot the United States who approved it,
were guilty of any violation of the Constitution.
No, sir. 1 made no such charge ; 1 believed no
such thing. 1 took the course 1 did for the pur-
pose of arresting the denunciations of the gentle-
man from Missouri against those who were not
properly its objects, apd giving them a direction -to
those who were. This, sir, was my soleo&ject.
instead of meeting my inquiry, however, -ift
that spirit of courtesy which usiialJy distinguishes
these interlocutions between members onthisiloor,
you, sir, and alt of us, know how far the- mabnec
of the gentleman from Missouri fell pTwfaai
is always due from one member of tins House7 to
another. The gentleman from Missouri, by ira- *
plication, denounced me as an Abolitionist. It ac-
corded well with the skulking course he has pur-
sued in this matter, not to make this charge in
direct terms. It was done by implication. But,
sir, I glory m it—I am an anti-slavery man,'or, if
you please, an Abolitionist. He took occasion,-at
the «ame time, to denounce as another Abolitionist,
a distinguished Senator from his own State, whose
name is identified with the history of the country,
and in whose high reputation as a man of eminent
talents and vast attainments as a statesman,' we
ought all to feel a just pride. He took occasion,
standing up here iti his place in the House of.Rep-
resentatives, to denounce that distinguished citizen,
who, for the last thirty years, has been honored
with the confidence of the State of Missouri, as'a
traitor to his country. A man who finds his way
to this Hall, and rises here to give expression to
such a sentiment, and to apply such oppiobrioua
epithets to the distinguished citizen who is a mem-
ber of the legislative branch at the other end of
this building, is, in my humble judgment, better
fitted to become an inmate of a mad-house or an
insane asylum than for a seat on this floor. This,
sir, is my opinion. 1 use no reproachful epithets;
I leave them to blackguards and the member from
Missouri.
The CHAIR. Order.
Mr. CROWELL resumed. I intend, Mr. Chair-
man, to be perfectly decorous and orderly, and to
deport myself in accordance with the rules which
ought &[ways to govern our proceedings on this
floor, if the sentiments-uttered by the gentleman
from Missouri were regurded as consistent wkh
the rules of order, am.I not to be considered as ia
order in replying to them ? Yes, sir, you can bear
me witness that I respect and submit to the rules.
of order, but 1 can never respect those-who habit-
ually violate those rules.
I accosted the gentleman from Missouri in the
most decorous terms. He turned upon me, and
replied in a strain of vituperation and abuse cer-
tainly not called for either by the tone or the char-
acter of my inquiry, and such as I have never
heard in this Hall, except from the gentleman from
Missouri. But it is perfectly characteristic of that
member, and i shall never hereafter expect any^
thing better from that source.
The gentleman from Missouri says that the ap-
propriation for this foreign mail service^ is uncon-
stitutional, and he did not vote for it; and he
denounces those who aTe sworn to support the
Constitution, as having violated that solemn obli-'
nation, when they passed the bill for that object.
He asked me if I voted for th&t bill. I answered
him with that prudence which should always char-
acterize the language of one whose acts are on
record. 1 told him thatl did not remember with
certainty, but that the records would show. I
did not wish to vely implicitly on my recollection
of the fact, and I was desirous not to fall into an
error on my own account, nor to mislead the gen- „
tleman from Missouri, or the committee, in refer-
| ence to my course. Hence 1 referred to the record
' in this as in all other matters pertaining to my
official acts. At this reply the gentleman from
Missouri became very indignant, and seemed to
view it with unmitigated abhorrence, and declared
it tantamount to an admission of guilt on my part.
'lYou \oced (said he) to rob your constituents,
4 by aiding in the imposition of a tax on them for
' the purpose of paying $1,300,000 for carrying out
' contracts made exclusively for the benefit of thtf
'commercial interests. Go home, after doing this
'great wronjr, and make your peace with your
1 constituents l"
Now, sir, there is scarcely a word of truth in
this whole statement. 1 am naturally of anervous
