1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4SB%
but he would tell them what he did claim—if
Congress violated the Constitution, and thus made
void the deed of cession, Maryland would resume
her gift. That was the legal^view which they en-
tertained of this case, and it was no new position
for a Representative of Maryland to assume upon
this floor. He had in his eye a gentlema*rfrom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] who frad flattered
himself that there was no danger to result from
an obstinate persistence by Congsess in the pur-
suit of his particular opinions and fanaticism.
Gentlemen seem to scout the idea that any mode
of resistance was at command to repel such ag-
gression. They ought to know better. They ought
to know, if Congress were to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, Maryland could resume
herjurisdiction over the same; her courts, consta-
bles, processes, officers, were all at command, and
even her militia—he did not despise the militia.
His friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] did not,
though he had spoken of militia colonels with less
respect than the occasion would perhaps justify.
She would have no difficulty in affording full and
ample protection to the laws and property of her
citizens residing within the territory ceded to the
United States for a Federal seat of Government.
He knew that there were very few northern men
in this Congress who desired to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia. But there were some.
There was the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
P. King (in his seat) nodded assent,] whose life
was somewhat historical in the politics of the coun-
try. He named no others, but he could go fur-
ther, and designate over thirty gentlemen upon this
floor who beiieved that it was in the power of Con-
gress to abolish slavery here, and that they ought to
abolish it here, for they considered that but a part
of the policy of abolishing it in the Territories.
Now he called the attention of the committee to
those gentlemen who said they had the consti-
tutional power to abolish it, and that tney would
abolish it whenever they could, and against them
he warned northern Demociats; against them he
warned the cultivated, distinguished statesmen of
the North, and he called upon them to trample
down this policy at this time. Now was the lifne
 in this Congiess, to exterminate this mischievous
principle; and destroyed it ought to be. He held
the sentiment to-day, which he had expressed the
first day of the session, that he was with the Na-
tional Democracy: that he did not care if he
stood side by side with men who entertained
different opinions from him upon the subject
of slavery; it was not on account of the opinions
entertained by gentlemen differing with him on
this subject, that he (Mr. McL.) would refuse a
political association with them, but because they
hail in their breast the hellish purpose to exercise
the power, and on their side make it a test of
political organization and purpose. When he took
his stand side by side with the National Democracy,
it was a Democracy committed to the principle of
non-intervention as a national policy ,without regard
to particular constitutional opinions of individuals,
and such a Democracy must necessarily exclude
from their political organization men who by
adopting this sectional policy would commit this
great constitutional wrong. He had said now
was the time to adjust this issue and vindicate the
integrity of the National party. He disagreed
entirely with his southern friend who expressed
the opinion that this was the prevailing sentiment
of the North. He knew better—he had lived near
enough to the North to know better. But it would
not be left for either politicians or statesmen to
settle this question. He believed the voice of the
people would settle it. Men might agitate it,
mi^ht get up "Union meetings," with a view to
influence the question either way, for or against
slavery—they had called one in his own city, (that
was the reason why he spoke to-day,) and they had
held one m Philadelphia and one in New York.
It was not altogether on these he looked for hope.
His hope was based upon the conviction lhat had
settled in the hearts of the yeomanry of this
country that the question must be adjusted, and
adjusted upon principles of equity and abstract
justice to all—to the people of the Terr,tones no less
than to the people of the States. He had said .he
did not lely upon politicians or statesmen in tms
House They were all too fully committed to act
their just part in this crisis unless now moved by
the patriotic sentiment of the masses whom they
misrepresented. There was the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in his eye, who had
said there was no danger, who pressed forward in
his purpose of anti-slavery agitation. It was not
from such men that he co ld expect relief. Men
thus insensible to the circumstances in which the
country was placed, would not be those to whom
we would turn in our hour of trial. They might
raise the whirlwind but they would not be able to
ride the storm. But very different was his opinion
of the people of the Commonwealth whom the
gentleman 111 part repiesented. He (Mr. McL.)
looked to them to stay this crusade of fanaticism;
he beiieved their influence would yet be felt in the
adjustment of this question upon a basis that^would
restore peace and harmony to both sections oi the
country. He did not fear that the action of this
Congress would dissolve the Union; upon this
question he did not wish to be misunderstood.
He thought that this Union had power in it;
that it was deeply seated in the love of the people.
He went further—and he hoped no southern friend
of his would take exception to the remaik—it was
a general remark. Gentlemen might except then-
own States if they saw fit; he went so far as to say
that the only love of country now known to the
people of the United States, was the love of the
Union. That was the great love of country ex-
isting fn the hearts of the people of all the States.
If you roused the patriotism of the people, it was
their love of the whole country, of the Union as it
is, their devotion to the Federal Government, as
he believed it had existed in all our former history,
the glory of the Federal Government, when justly
and fairly administered, being the glory of all.
Mr. VENABLE interposed, and (the floor
being yielded) asked if the attempt had ever he-
fore been made to dishonor the South? Their
honor was dearer to them than life, and when it
was proposed to be violated by the North, would
not the gentleman agree'with him, that the unholy
attempt would change then love to hate?
Mr. McLANE replied that he had said that
the X^ederat Government had heretofore been iden-
tified with all that was glorious ill the history of
each State; that the glory and the power of the
Federal Government were the glory and the power
of all States. That was what he had said,
and he argued further, that there were no prece-
dents in the past history of the country to make
a parallel to the present crisis.
He denied, and utterly repudiated the declara-
tion made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] about the South having acquired
Texas. He thought the gentleman had better go
to that school indicated by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
Mr. CAMPBELL (Mr. McLane yielding for
explanation) said he had distinctly stated that the
annexation of Texas was a measure of southern
policy Did the gentleman [Mr. McLane] deny
it ?
Mr. McLANE replied, certainly. And if the
gentleman from Ohio would listen, he would say
one word upon this point. It was true lhat Mr.
Calhoun, in some of his dispatches to Lord Pa-
kenham, had said that Texas was to be acquired in
view of political considerations connecied with
slavery; hut although ihis opinion of Mr. Cal-
houn as Secretary of State indicated the policy of
that Administration, he would say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that that;Adinimstration did not
conceive this policy. The policy of the acquisi-
tion of Texas was a national policy; it was the
policy of the National Demociatic party, and by
the NationalDemocratic party of the present day,
he meant the Jackson party.
Mr. MEADE (interposing) reminded the gen-
tleman from Maryland of Mr Van Buren's instruc-
tions to Mr. Poinsett to purchase Texas, if neces-
sary, at the expense of half a million of dollars,
and of Mi. Adams's instructions to the same end
to Mr. Clay.
Mr. McLANE said he spoke of actual annexa-
tion, and had no reference to preceding negotia-
tions. He remembered very well—so did the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade] -that when
they had advocated the annexation of Texas they
had brought up all these original attempts, and
had referred with great point to Mr. Adams's and
Mr. Van Buren's instructions Rut he (Mr.
i McL.) had been talking about actual annexation,
1 annexation by act of Congress; and be utterly
denied that this annexation was southern policy;
i but it was Democratic policy, advocated every-
where with full knowledge that ft Was Democratic
policy. Annexation was the policy of the old
Democratic party, and he was willing to go fur-
ther, and admit, that out of the annexation of
Texas had grown the war.
He remarked that his hour had nearly expired,
and he wes very sorry that he was confined to one
hour; for, feeling the influence which this question
had upon the country, he was impressed with the
obligation to define fully the views which gov-
erned him. He had exhausted his time in the
general discussion of thepower of Congress; he had
stated the constitutional and the legal point upon
which he derived that power. He had contended
that such power was incidental, and was ne-
cessarily confined and limited in us chaiac:er.
He had contended further, that even if the exer-
cise of municipal powers were necessary and
proper, as a means of carrying into execution
express powers vested in Congress or in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any department
or officer thereof, still there existed in the Consti-
tution itself restraints and limitations which inter-
fered and prohibiied the exercise of certain muni-
cipal and political powers, and embraced within
such limitations and restraints was this relation of
master and servant; which, though a municipal
institution within the several States where it is
regulated by local law, was in its relation to the
Federal Government a political institution over
which Congress had 'certain well-defined and ex-
press powers; and in legard to which it could
exercise none others.
And he had argued further, that Congress was
bound to act, and exercise us constitutional powers
in providing law and order for the people inhabit-
ing the Territories of the United States—or admit
such Teintories into the union a:-> States, with
constitutions and foims of government adopied
by the people thereof. He had also contended that,
where the territorial form of government was
adopted, this question of slavery must be left an
open question for judicial adjudication and arbit-
rament—the doctrine of Congressional non-inler-
vtnlion must prevail. And he would further con-
tend, that when the discretion of Congress was ap-
pealed to, to admit a new State, no condition coud
oe rightfully imposed by Congiess upon the people
thereof; other Lhan the constitutional command
that their form of government should be Republi-
can. He had (he said) but a moment to contem-
plate the practical question now presented. The
territorial question having been adjourned, Con-
gress were now called upon to vole upon the ad-
mission of California. It had been said by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs] and he,
(Mr. McL.) had been very glad to hear the declara-
tion from that gentleman, that no man could deny
ilie right of the people of California to form their
own constitution, and apply for admissim as a
State of this Union. Now, a few wocds on that
point. He (Mr. McLane) went further; he not
only did not deny the right of that people to form
their own constitution, but he recognized their
right under the treaty to be received as a State—
at the discretion of Congress, it was true; and an
honest, a wise, a conscientious discretion. But let
it be observed, connected with theirright to form a
constitution, the discretion of Congiess must have
no relation to the fact that that constitution was a
free or a slave constitution. He utterly denied
that, as a statesman, m exercising a sound discre-
tion as to the time of admitting California, he
could plead any sort of apology for his course, if
that discretion were governed by the fact that the
people had exercised their right of excluding
j slavery.
t So far as the question of admission was con-
| cerned, they must take it upon its practical merits,
\ as a practical question. What were those merits?
i Did they not know that in the Convention which
! formed that Constitution, there was a'concurrent
i sentiment from the northern and the southern por-
: tion of California upon the question of slavery, and
! that the material question of difference between
the representatives of the people was as to the ex-
tent and character of boundaries, and again to the
main question as to whether there should be a Ter-
! ritonal or a State government ? The minority pte-
ferring a Territorial government, but acquiescing in
the'voice of the majority; the only question re-
maining open was that of boundary, which was
adjusted by compromising between those who
desired to extend it east to the province of New
