428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
Mexico, and those who would prefer to have con-
fined it to the Sierra Nevada. But ail from all
parts represented, concurred in embracing the
whole Pacific coast as essential to preserve the
homogeneous character of the State.
Heaigued further in regard to the proceedings
of the Convention which formed the Constitution
of California, and m regard to the motives and
policy which, in his judgment, should govern the
Congress of the United States in exercising their
constitutional discretion. He was talking about
what he would do. He would vote for that Con-
stitution upon its merits. He would vote to le-
ceive California with her present boundaries, if
this Congress would, in good faith, give gov-
ernment and protection to the whole people,
without as well as within the limits of the pres-
ent Siate, leaving to those who remained in
the Territory of the United States, as well as to
the people of the Stales, ail their constitutional
rights. But if the counsels of th£ gentleman from
INew York [Mr. Duer] were to prevail, lie (Mr.
McLane) would not vole for it. He would not
go home and say he had taken California as one
step towards depriving the South of all the Terri-
tory of the United States.
Mr. DUER interposed, and inquired to what
counsels the gentleman referred?
Mr. MeLANE replied, that he referred to the
gentleman's letter to his constituents, read by the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Billiard] some :
days ago, in which the gentleman from New York
had explained the process of receiving all Cali-
fornia by piecemeal as fiee soil.
It would give him (he continued) the utmost satis-
faction to give to the people of Califoi nia the whole
Pacific coast. And upon that question he wanted
to send to the Clerk's tabic a bill, which was sub-
stantially the same bill which he had brought for-
ward at the last Congress. His friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who had said that the proposi-
tion to allow a S.ate government to California had
received but one vote, was mistaken. The fact
was, as stated by the gentleman from Georgia-to-
day, [Mr. Toombs,] that it had received a large
vote—a large southern vote. He (Mr. McL.)
had then been in favor of it—he was now in favor
of it. And he was in favoi of the non-intervention
policy; not of the policy of the Missouri compro-
mise, as understood by northern men, prohibiting
slavery north of 36° 30', leaving the principle of
noninterference to prevail south of that line. In-
finitely to be preferred to that was the principle of
non-interference, as applied by the northern De-
mocracy lo the whole country. But consistent
with the immediate admission of California it was
yet in the power of Congress to extend the west-
ern boundary ofTexas westward over New Mex-
ico to the eastern boundary of California; leaving
the^e two States of neaiiy equal extent—the one
free the other slave—which might heieafter, at the
discretion of Congress, simultaneously be divided
into other States. He would submit a bill for the
consideration of the committee to effect this pur-
pose. He was proceeding to explain the pro-
visions of that bill when the hour expired.
Mr. CONRAD obtained the floor, but yielded to
a motion that the Committee rise, which prevail-
ing, (he committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the several
Senate bills lying on the Speakei's table might be
taken up and referred. The motion was agreed
to, and
The joint resolution from the Senate, to extend
the provisions of a joint resolution for the benefit
of Frames Slocum and her children and grand
children, of the Miami tribe of Indians, approved
March 3J, 18-15, to certain other individuals of the
same tribe, was taken up, read twice by its title,
and refened to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Senate bill entitled "An act to relinquish the re-
veisionary interest of the United States to a certain
re&eivauon therein mentioned, and to confirm the
title of Charles G. Gunter thereto," was read
twice by its title, with a view to its reference.
Messrs. MILLIARD and DUNHAM asked
that the last hill might be put upon its passage.
_ The bill was then read through; and the ques-
tion, now being, " Shall it be ordered to a third
reaihngf"
Mi. DUNHAM said, in the confusion, he had
mistaken the bill. It was the first bill read which
he desired should he put on its passage.
The CHAIR stated that that was a joint resolu- j
tion, which had been referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. H1LLIARD was understood to express
the hope that the bill jgst read through might be
permitted to pass without being referred to any
committee. It was merely a question of confirm-
ing a title to a certain tract of land.
Mr. CARTER. It was merely a question of
giving away a portion of the Government lands.
He was in favor of its reference to a committee.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands; and
it was so refened.
Mr. DUNHAM moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, with the view
to put it upon its passage.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the gentleman
from Indiana [Vlr. Dunham] to withdraw his
motion for the present, to permit the other bill on
the Speaker's table to be read and referred.
Mr. DUNHAM withdrew his motion for that
purpose; but, without further action,
On motion, the House then, at half past three
o'clock, adjourned till to-morrow morning.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule and referred to the ap-
propriate committees, viz:
By Mt. GILMOKE : The petition of John J. Moore and
95 oilier ciU/snn ol Armstrong, Indiana, CI< artield, and Jef-
ferson counue-*, Pennsylvania, asknu tor a mail mule fiom
8 i icK l>uig, Indian;* counlv, Pennsylvania, to Luther&buig,
Clearfield eouniy, i'enns)iva.na.
AUo, the petition of James iVJ. Miller and 159 other citi-
zens ot' Indiana county, Pennsylvania, asking fur the estab
lifhihg of a mail mute tr m Sliet cia, Indiana county,
P«;mi! ylvrtina, bv M rten's Mill and Piumville, to Smicks-
hiiri;, Indiana county, IVnnt-ylvania.
AUo, the petuion of Geoige Johnson and 9> others, citi-
zen-. oi iiur.iMde towns-hip,Ulearfield county, Pennsylvania,
a-king foi the establishing of a mail route Irom Ciies>t tv>
BuriiMde, Peims\ Iv >nia.
AUo, the "petition of D. B. Cm 11 and 50 otheis, citizens of
Cianon county,"Pennsylvania, diking lor a change in the
present tarilf I w*
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: Petition of W. H. H.
Patter-on and otliei*, late commissioned oihcers in the w«ii
with Mexico, praj inj hountv lands.
AUo, the petition of II. Hobbs, hte postmaster at Jack-
son, Mississippi, pr ving conipe. nation for house rent, &c
by Mr KING, of New J rtey : Two petitions of mlniln-
tuiu ot NevvarK, New Jers-ty, f r che p postage to two
cents prepaid for hall ounce, lor any distance.
Also, the petition of masters « f vessels, m reliant*, and
pilot® inter Med in navigation of Newaik bay and Piiosaic
rivei, for lights and buoys iherun, and for an appropriation
(herein
ii. Mr. CROWELTj : The petition nf J- hn Odell, A. L.
Nclhon, and otheis, < uizonsi f Lcwisburg, Summit county,
Ohio, pr.i. irig (or a mil orm rate of postage, not to exceed
one cent on newspapeis and two cents on prepaid letteis of
a ball uuim e, lm all distances.
I5\ Mr CALVIN • The following petitions praying for a
reduction of the preseni rates of postage:
1st Signed by J. P. Walters and 44 others, citizens of
Mifflin county, Penusylva. ia.
2d. S L'ned by John Erntch and 50 oth-rs, citizens of
Cen er county, Penns ivama.
yd. Signed by Geotge Sheneberger and 53 others, citizens
of Cen ercouri y, P< nn-ylvanta.
4 h Signed by Aith'-r Raney and 21 other*, citizens of
i:lair county, Penn-ylvam t.
5ih. Siym-d by B. E. Collin? and 80 others, c itizens of
IIunUnL'don eon f\, 1' nn«ylvama.
By Mr.  SPRAGUE: Peiitions for eheap postage, from
C. Cooibaiub and other citizens of Jack-on eouniy; and
from J. Montioss and other citizens of Colon, Michigan.
Al-o, ibe petition of Win. Ho.U and others, for the estab-
lishment of a post route irom Hastings, Bariy county, Michi-
gan, to Fiat river.
AUo, the petition of J. Russell and others, for a mail route
from Lyons to Greetivil p.
AL-o, the pennon of o. Butler and other citizens ofEaton
countv, for a mail routefiom Lansing to OJes.-a.
Also, the petition ot A. Looiiik and others, tor a mail route
from Gr.md R.ipuls to Muskegon.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: Two petitions of citizens of
Windham county, ConnecticHt, for the abolition of the
spn it ration m the army and navy of the United States.
By Mr. PUGSNIX: The memorial of Wmslo v Laneer
& Co , and 423 citizens of the (Jmi'Ml Stue*, in favor of
granting to P P. F. Pegrand, Win. IngalU, E H Derby
and othei". a chaitcr "to construct a ra Iroad and tele-
graph from Si. Louis to San Fianc-iseo, with a capital of one
hundred millions of dollars," &c., &c.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of J. L. Hedge and
other citizens of Plymouth, 'Massachusetts, praying for a
reduction of posM/e to two cen*>.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition fiom John C. Hodges
and other mechanics and arirzan- of Philadelphia, asking
lor a ri dueiion in the rnt -s of postage.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition fiom the Hon. B.
Tappari and oilier citizens ol Steubenville, Ohio, fm eheap
posi aije.
By Mr. BURROWS : The petit on of Thomas C. Fan-
ning, and 105 others, citizens of Albion, New York, |.raying
Congress to estabh-h the rate of postage on prepaid letters
at two cents per iiaii ounce.
By Mr. DUFR: The petition of L. W. Smith and other?,
of Warsaw, Wyoming county, New York, lor cheap post-
age. T
Also, the petition of George W. Ea'on and others, mem-
bers of Madison University, for the same.
Also, the petition of B.T.Clarke and others, of Caseno-
via, New York, for the same. <-
Also, the petition of John Savage and others, of Madison
courityjtf >r the same.
Al-o^he peftiion of 182 citizens of New Haven, New
York, for the same.
Al-o, the petition of59 citizens of Ilannibal, New York,
for the same.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky : The petition of Moses
W. Hunt, praying Congress to grant hmi an increase of
pension.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of Joseph Sherwin, and
20 others, of Rupert, Vermont, for cheap postaee. Also,
of Austin Johnson and Ql> others, of same, pi,ice, for the
same.
By Mr. HIBBARD : The petition of DividG. Goodall, and
other citizens of New Hampshire, praying for a reduction of
the rate of postage on prepaid letters.
Al-o, the petition ot William W. Hutchins and others, for
the same object.
By Mr. HOVVP; The petition of John A. Gill, and 107
others, citizens of Mercer countv, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to reduce the rates of postage, &.c.
Ky Mr. MILLSON: The memorial o' John Harper, re-
monstrating ngam«t the occupancy oi land claimed hy him,
by agents of the United States.
Also, the memorial of Commodore John D. Sloat, and
other officers of the Nxvy, a-king bounty lauds for the sea-
men engaged in the late war with Mexico.
Also, the memorial of divers citizens and seamen, making
the same prayer.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 27, 1850.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of the
directors of the Pacific Railroad Company of Mis-
souri, praying a grant of land and the right of way
for the construction of their railroad; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, praying the erection of
a lisht-house and the improvement of the harbor
at Uloa, in that Stale; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying an appropriation for
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of Twin
rivers, on Lake Michigan; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. further presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking the establish-
ment of a mail route from Mackwonego to White
Water, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. alsp presented a memorial from the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking the establishment
of a mail route from Waukesha village to West
Bend, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,'and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of Wins-
low, Larned & Co., citizens of New York, pray-
ing that a charter may be granted to P. P. F. De-
grand and his associates to construct a railroad
and establish a line of telegraph from St. Louis,
Missouri, to San Francisco, in California, with a
loan of Government stock and a right of way
through the public lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. S. also presented two petitions of citizens
of New York, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizcns of
Adrian, Michigan, asking a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Committee
on the Po.st Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Gardiner, Maine, and a petition of the
President and Directors of the Gardiner Bank, in
that State, asking a reduction of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan City, Indiana; a petition of the Mayor
and Town Council of Steubenville; a petition of
the carpenters and joiners in Steubenville; a peti-
tion of the proprietors and workmen in the Clin-
ton paper mill, in Steubenville; and a petition of
citizens of Lee Township, in the State of Ohio,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; all
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
