/
430
J
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
removal of these obstructions will be injurious to
the interests of some of the planters cultivating
the margins of the river; but I suppose it will
scarcely be considered that the interests of a few
p'aoters should prevent the great interests of the
country from being promoted by restoring the
navigation of the stream to what it was originally,
and before it was blocked up by Gen„ Jackson for
military purposes. I hope the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate will be granted to the consider-
ation of the resolution at the present tune.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President,-this resolution
relates to a very serious matter, and 1 hope it will
not be disposed of without consideration. It re-
lates to the stopping up of a stream by an officer
of the United. States army many years ago, and
which has remained blacked up for some thirty
years. Whatever interests may ha\e existed at
the time, such important interests have grown up
in consequence of this public work, thus recog-
nised by the General Government and by the
State Government, for so long a time, that I think
it is a very serious question whether, without the
consent of the parties whose interests are situated
on this stream, this Government should now take
steps that would injure and in part destroy the
rights which have thus grown up there.
I know it is a difficult question. There is a dif-
ference of opinion, even in the quairer'of the
country where the obstruction exists. It has been
frequently agitated in our own Legislature, and
there has been a great difference of opinion as to
whether this outlet should be opened, and whether
the effect of opening it will not be the most effec-
tual method of preventing the overflows of the
Mississippi. But whatever plan is to be adopted,
it should bo adopted with great caution; becausc
no man can tell what will be the result. It was
said some years ago, by one of our most distin-
guished engineers, that the Mississippi and us
outlets and inlets, baffled all the skill and all the
science of engineering; that it was a stream so
unusual that science could not be applied to it.
Our own engineers have in some lespects made
great mistakes. They have constructed works
which have created serious and injurious conse-
quences, I do not lise for the purpose of object-
ing to this resolution, nor do I know that 1 shall
finally object to the removal of these obstructions.
I simply wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the vasi importance of the subject, and to express
my hope that there will be some movement made
to collect information prior to the action of Con-
gress on the matter. 1 do not think thatCongiess
is yet prepared for action on this subject.
Mr. KING. The gentleman will see that this
resolution is merely a resolution of inquiry as to
the propriety of removing these obstructions.
But it j.s <i question whe.her u is not imperative
on the Government to remove these obstructions.
The stipulations are that these navigable streams
shall ipmain open, and shall not be obstructed by
the State or any other authorities. In conse-
quence of the invasion of New Orleans by the
British, Gen. Jackson caused these obstructions
to be plactd there. But it does not appear to be
reasonable that, because this obstruction hq£ re-
mained therefor thirty years, we should be de-
prived of the advantages of this navigation; or
because it may' perchance injure the property of
some individuals, while at the same time it may
relieve the city of New Orleans from those se-
rious inundations to which it is subject. Every
man who has taken the pains to examine the
matter, has come to the conclusion that some-
thing will have to be done to carry off the im-
mense quantity of water which comps from the
lakes, and which must necessarily pass by New
Orleans, in order to save that city from frequent
serious inundations, and possibly from rum. I
ask for nothing as regards the action of this body
at the present time, fuither than to refer the sub-
ject to the Committee on Commerce for their con-
sideration, that they may inquire into it bs delib-
erately, calmly, and extensively as possible.
And, should they come to the conclusion that it
would be dangerous or injurious to the city of
New Orleans, I would say that, great as is the
inconvenience of this obstruction to those east of
the lakes, I would abandon it. I have no dispo-
sition to have anything done that would increase
the danger of injuring the city of New Orleans.
I trust there will be no objection to its going to
the committee, and that they will inquire into it
with all the care which they can bestow upon it.
The resolution was then considered and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to reduce the
price of the public lands m the Great Miami re-
servation in the State of Indiana; and
A bill directing the sale of marsh lands in the
counties of Jay and Adams, in the State of In-
diana; which were read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and refeired to the Committee
on Public Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to reduce and define
the limits of the military reservation at the mouth
of the St. Peter's, in the Territory of Minnesota,
and to secure the rights of the actual settlers there-
on.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the re-
solutions submitted by Mr. Clay, in relation to
the adjustment of the questions in controversy
between the States of the Union arising out of the
institution of slavery.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President: It has been
affirmed and denied on this floor that slavery was
abolished in Mexico. I am one of those who
affirm its abolition; and I propose now to read
some passages fiom Mexican law, for the purpose
of supporting my opinion. In doing this, I shall
have recourse to authentic law publications in
Mexico, and shall produce the laws on which I
rely, both in the original language ana in an English
translation. I begin with the decree of the Presi-
dent Guerrera m 1829, and read from a book which
was printed in the city of Mexico in the year 1838,
and which is the eleventh volume of the laws of
Mexico, officially published under'the orders of
the Supreme Government. 1 will read the title
page to show its authentic and official character.
This is it :
14 llecopilacion de leyes, decretos, bandos, regla-
4 mentos, circulares y providencias de los su-
4 premos poderes, y otras autoridades de la repub'ica
4 Mexicana. Formada de orden del Supremo Go-
4 bierno por al lie. Basiho Jose Arnllaga."
In English this title reads thus : 44 Collection of
4 laws, deciees, proclamations, regulations, circu-
4 iars, and Official orders of the supreme pow^s,
4 and other authonties of the Mexican republic,
4 made by order of the Supreme Government by
4 the lawyer Basilio Jose Amliaga."
From this title it will be seen that this volume,
from which I propose to read the decree of 1829,
is not only authentic and official, but that it is the
work of a lawyer acting under the orders of the
Supreme Government, and supposed to know
what weie and what were not the laws of ins
country. With this exposition of the character
of the work, and its titie to credit, I pioceedto
read the decree. It stands thus on page 213, under
the month of September, 1829:
" Dia 15.—Decreto del Gobierno en virtud de fa-
4 cullades estraordinarias.
44 Abolition de la esclavitud en la republica.—1<>.
' Q,ueda abolida la esclavitud en la republica. 2".
4 Son poi corisiguiente libres los que hasta hoy se
4 habian considerado como esclavos. 3°. Cuando
4 las circumstaneias del erario lo pernntan, se m-
4 demmzaraa los proprietaries esclavos en los
4 termmos que dispusieren las leyes. (Se circulo
4 el mismo dia por la secretaiia de reiaciones, y se
4 publico en bando de 16.")
In English: 44 Day 15.—Decree of the Govern-
4 ment in virtue of extraordinary powers.
44 Abolition of slavery in the republic.—lo. Slavery 5
4 is abolished in the republic. 2°. Consequently 1
4 those are free who until now have been considered !
4 as slaves. 3°. When the circumstances of the j
4 treasury permit it, the owners of slaves shall be :
(indemnified in the manner piescribed by the]!
4 laws. (Circulated the same day from the Depart- !'
4 ment of Relations, and published in the proclamation j1
' of the Ifi'/i.")
This is the decree of Guerrera, the validity of !i
which has been disputed, and not without icason, ,,
if nothing further had been done. It was a decree, I'
and not a law; and a decree upon a legislative sub- j:
ject. It was an executive decree upon a matter of p
legislation, and its validity was questioned at the
time. Two years afterwards (ihatis to say, in the ji
year 1831) the General Congress occupied itself
with reviewing all the acts of the President Guer-
rera in virtue of the extraordinary powers con-
ferred upon l#n, and on the 15th of February of
that year passed a law in relation to them. This
law classified the whole of these acts, annulled
some^asses, confirmed others, and reserved some
for tW^uture revision of the General Congress.
This latter class appears to have comprehended
the deciee of the loth September, 1829, in rela-
tion to the abolition of slavery, and was in these
words:
44 9. Todas las leyes, decretos, reglamentos, or-
1 denes y providencias que en virtud de las citadas
'facilitates extraordmanas expidio el gobierno, y
4 son del resorte del poder legislativo, se sujuari a
4 la calificacion del Congreso General, quedando
4 desde ahora sin valor, hasta su revision por las
'camaras."—p. 38.
In English: "9. All the laws, decrees, regula-
4 tions, oiders, and instructions issued by the Gov-
ernment in virtue of its extraordinary powers,
4 and which are of legislative cognizance, will be
' subject to the qualification of the General Con-
'gress, remaining from this time without force
4 until their revision by the chambers."
This act is cautiously drawn. It does not an-
nul the decree of the 15th of September; it does
not confirm it; it admits its validity up to that time,
but suspends it until the General Congress should
act upon it. This action took place—took place
in April, 1837—and I will now read the act which
was then passed. It is in the same authentic col-
lection of the laws of Mexico—Arnllaga 'a collec-
tion—from which I have already read, and is
volume thirteenth of that collection. At page
270 of this volume, under date of April 5th, 1837,
we find this act of the General Congress:
uDia 5.— Q,ueda abolida la esclavitud en la repvb-
lica sin exception alguna.
44 1°. Q,ueda abolida, sm excepcion alguna, la
4 esclavitud en todala republica. 2>. Los duefios
4 de esclavos manurmudos por la presente ley, o
4 por el decreto de 15 de Setiembre de 1829, (Re-
4 copilacion de ese nits, p. 213,) seran lndemnizados
4 del interes de cllos, estimandose este por la cahfi-
4 cacion que se haga de sus eahdades personales; a
4 cuyo efecto se nombraia un pento por el comi-
4 sario.general, o quien haga sus veccs, y otro por
4 el dueno; y en caso de discordia un tercerp, que
4 nombrara el alcalde constitucional respecuvo, sm
4 que pueda interponerse rerurso alguno de esta
4 determinacion. La indemmzacion de que habla
4 este articulo, no tendra lugar respecto de los co-
Monos de Texas que hayan tornado parte en la
4 revolucion deaquel departannento.,> (Se circulo
i en el mis mo dia por el minister io del interior y se
4 publico en bando de 7.)
InEnclish: "Day 5.—Slavery is abolished in
the Republic, without any exception.
44 1. Slavery is abolished, without any excep-
4 tion, in the whole Republic. 2. The masters of
'slaves manumitted by the present law, or by the
4 decree of the 15th of September, 1829, (Recopi-
' lacion of that month, p. 213,) shall be mdemni-
4 fied for their value, (dtl interes de ellos,) accord-
4 ing to the estimate which shall be made of their
' personal qualities; to which effect there shall be
4 named a competent person (un perito) by the
4 commissary general, or whoever occupies his
4 place, and another by the master; and in case of
4 disagreement a third, who shall be named by the
4 respective constitutional alcalde, without any
4 recourse from this determination. The indem-
nification of which this article speaks, shall not
4 have operation with respect to those colonists of
4 Texas, who may have taken part in the revolu-
4 tion of that department. (Circulated the same day
1 by the Mwister of the Interior, and published in
4 proclamation of the 7 Ik.)*9
This act of the General Congress is a full con-
firmation of the Presidential decree of September,
1829, and that without referent e to the meaning of
the verb 44 quedatwice used, and which signifies
literally 44 remainsThe hteial translation would
be, " slavery remains abolished,&c., which would
imply that it had been abolished before. 1 trans-
late it idiomatica'ly, and as equivalent to 44 is,"
but consider it of no importance hei e, as the law
expressly confirms the abohiion decree of Guer-
rera.
Thus far we have a decree, disputed, abolishing
slavery in Mexico, and a law, ngt disputable, con-
firming that decree; and here I might stop; but
