1850.
THE CON GKESSIQNA.JL GLOBE.
Ml
the case requires me to go on, and I produce other
law, and still higher than that which I have quoted.
I allude to the constitution of the Republic of
Mexico of the year 1843. I have a copy of the
Mexican constitution of that year—an authentic
copy—printed under the license which the law re-
quires. For, to avoid errors in the editions of that
fundamental law, it is forbid, bylaw, to .be re-
printed except by the permission of the Supreme
Government or of the General Congress. This
copy was printed in the city of Mexico the 12th
day of June, 1843—the day of the signature and
promulgation of the constitution—and bears its
authorization upon its title page. I consider it
authentic, and produce itas such; and in article 9,
title 2, of this constitution, and under the head
which treats of the rights of the inhabitants of the
Republic, and at the head of the enumeration of
those rights, stands this declaration:
" 1. Ninguno es csclavo en el territorio de la
'nacion, y el que se introduzca se considerara en
'lactase de libie, quedando bajo la proteccion de
In English: "1. No one is slave in the territory
' of the nation, and any introduced shall be con-
sidered free, arid shall be under the protection of
' the laws."
This is the declaration of the constitution of
Mexico, and applies both to thfe present and the
futuie. It declares that there are no slaves in the
territory of the nation, and if any are brought in
they shall be free. This is surely enough—enough
to satisfy all minds, that slavery has been abol-
ished ill Mexico, and that there is not the least
ground for fearing, or hoping, that it can ever exist
in California or New Mexico by virtue of Mexi-
can law. It is enough, I think; but T have more
authority yet, and will produce it, though a work
of supererogation. For this is a case to multiply
authorities until doubt is extinguished—to heap
up and pile up—to put Pehon upon Ossa—until
all beneath is crushed into atoms and expunged
from view, fiehold this formidable quarto ! [hold-
ing up a large book.] It is a Spanish law dic-
tionary, printed in Madrid, reprinted in Mexico,
gone through several editions in each country, and
authority fn both. It is the law dictionary of
Escriche, in Spain, and of Sun Miguel, in Mexico;
and here is one, and there is the other. The
Spanish edition is full upon the subject of slaves
and slavery: the Mexican reprint of the same
work (1837) omits the definitions, and says, under
the head " esclavitvd," it is not necessary to oc-
cupy a couple of columns with slavery and the
slave trade—that the trade was abolished by
treaty with Great Britain, and slavery itself by
the laws of the republic—and then speaks of
Guerreia's decree of 1829, and of the confirmatory
act of 1837, in these words:
"El decreto de 15 de Setiembre de 1829, dio
' libertad a los esclavos que ya existen en la re-
' publica, bajo indemnizacioti a sus duenos o
' poseedores para que no apareciese atacada la
' propiedad: y ultimamente en Abril de 1837, se ha
' publicada nueva ley sobre abolicion de la escla-
'vitud."
In English: "The decree of the 15th of Septem-
' ber, 1829, gave liberty to the slaves then in the
' republic, with indemnity to their owners or pos-
1 sesJois, that property might not seem to be at-
' tacked: and finally, in April, 1837, a new law
' had been published on the abolition of savery.
This is the historical account of the abolition of
slavery in Mexico. The reprint was in the year
1837, and therefore could not mention the consti-
tutional declaration of 1843. 1 he law dictionary
of Escriche, ami its reprint with notes and additions
by San Miguel, to adapt it to the Mexican juris-
prudence, are of as high authority in Spain, and m
the American States of Spanish origin, as the law
dictionary of Jacob is with us.
i quote no more upon this head. _ I think every
one must see that slavery was abolished through-
out the Mexican territory before the cession of
California and New Mexico to the United States,
and that slavery cannot exist there now by virtue
of Mexican law. This is as far as I propose to go
upon that point at present. I limit myself to
showing its abolishment, by Mexican law, before
we acquired the countries; and that is enough} in
my opinion, to show the Wilmot.proviso, in rela-
tion to these countries, to be a thing of nothing
an empty provision—a cloud without ram unless
jt be a rain of blood.
But there'is another view of this point which I
mean to touch, and that is, to show that African
slavery never did exist m Mexico in the form that
it now exists in any State of this Union; that there
were differences in the Mexican law while it ex-
isted, and that to such a degiee that it nearly pre-
vented slavery in Mexico; and that, if that law
was now in full force in New Mexico and Califor-
nia, not a "single slaveholder in any State of this
Union would carry a slave there except to set him
free. These differences went to the facilities and
the rights of manumission, and arose from the op-
posite policy of the two countries*, in the United
States to discourage emancipation, in Mexico to
promote it. To show tnese differences I will read
from Humboldt's essay on New Spain, and from
the law dictionary of Escriche. I use Humboldt
first, and read from the Fans, quarto edition, of
1808:
44 D'ailleurs, les esclaves, qui heureusement se
4 trouvent en tres-petit nombre au Mexique, y sont,
'commedans toutes les possessions espagnoles,
4 un peu plus piotege par les lois que les negres qui
4 habitent les colonies des autres nations euro-
4 peenes. Ces lois sont toujnurs interprets en
* faveur de la liberie. Le Gouvernement desire voir
4 augmenter le nombre des aifranchis. Un esclave
4 qui par son industrie,sJest procurequelque argent,
* peut forcer son rnaitre de l'alFianclur en lui
4 payantlasomme modiquede 1,500 ou 2,000 hvres.
* La liberie ne sauroit etre refu&ee au negre, sous
4 pigtexte qu'il a eoute le triple en I'ache.ant, ou
* qu'il possede un talent particuhcr pour exercer
4 un metier lucratif. Un esoiave qui a eie cruelle-
* ment maltraite, acquiert par la meme son affran-
chisement d'aprerf la loi, si touteslois le juge
4 embrasse la cause de l'opprime. On concoit que
' cette loi bienfaisante doit etre bien souventeludee.
1 J'ai vu cependant a Mexique meme, au mois de
4 juillet, 1803, Texample de deux negresses a qui
4 le magistrat qui tait les functions d'alcalde de corle,
'donna la liberie, parce-jue leur maitresse, une
4 dame native des lies, les avoii couvertes de bles-
4 seures faites avec des ciseaux, des epingles ct des
4 canifs."--Page 133-'4.
44 Le royaume de la Nouvclle Espagne est,de
4 toutes les colonies des Europeans sous la zone
' torricje, celle dans la quelle il y a le moins de
4 negres. On peut presque due qu'il n'y a point
4 d'esclaves. On parcourt toute la ville de Mexico
4 sans trouver un visage noir. Le service d'aucune
4 ma^son ne s'y fait avec des esclaves. Sous ce
4 point de vue surtout, le Mexique offre un con-
4 traste bien giarid avec la Iiavane, avec Lima et
' Caraccas."—Page 130.
In, English: "Moreover, the slaves, who h&p-
4 pily find themselves in very small number in
4 Mexico, are there, as in all the Spanish posses-
* sions, a little more protected by the laws than'
4 the negroes who inhabit the colonies of other
4 European nations. The laws are always inter-
4 preted in favor of liberty. The Government de-
4 sires to see the number of enfianchised augment-
ed. A slave who, by his industry, may have
4 procured money, can compel his master to en-
4 franchise him by paying him the moderate sum
4 of 1,500 or 2,000 livres.* Liberty cannot be re-
4 refused a negro under the pretext that he cost the
4 triple in purchasing him, or that he possesses a
4 special talent for exercising a lucrative trade. A
4 slave who has been cruelly maltreated acqu res
4 thereby his enfranchisement according to the
4 law, provided arrays the )udge embraces the
4 cause'of the oppiessed. One may conceive that
' this beneficent law is often eluded. 1 saw, never- 1
4 theless, m Mexico itself, in the month of July, j
4 1803, the example of two negresses to whom the j
' magistrate who exercised the functions of alcalde <
4 of the emit, gave their liberty, because their mis-
4 tress, a native woman of the islands, had covered
4 them with wounds made with scissors, pins, and
4 knives."—Page 133-'4.
44 The kingdom of New Spain is, of all thecolo-
'nies of the Europeans under the torrid zone, that
4 in which there are the fewest negroes; one may
' almost say that there are no slaves. One may go
4 all over the city of Mexico without 'meeting a
4 black face. No house is there served with slaves.
4 Under this point of view, above all, Mexico
4 offers a great contrast with Havana, with Lima,
4 and Caraccas."—Page 1*30
I will now read from Escriche, who, as a law
* $300 to $400.
writer, is more full and precise, and shows such ^
multitude of cases in which a slave coqjd easily
obtain or actually force his freedom, that, under
such laws, in a country wiure slaves were of any
value, no man would or could hold them. 1 read
from the dictionary, under the words, Esclavo,
Esclavitvd:
44 El senor hace suyo todo cuanto ganan y
' adquieren por cualquier titulo sus esclavos; y si
4 los pusiere al frente de tienda, nave u otro eual-
4 quiera establecimiento, queda obhgado a guardajc
4 y cumplir los contratos que hicieren, como si el
4 mismo hubiese intervenido en ellos."—Ley 7,
tit. 21, Part. 4
44 El senor que fuere mayor de catorce afioa
' puede dar libertad a su esclavo en testamento; y
' el que fuere mayor de veinte puede darsela en
4 insttumento, o ante el juez, o bien ante aminos,
4 con asistencia de cinco testigos; mas el minor
4 de vemte y mayor de diez y siete puede darla
'ante el juez con otorgamiento de su curador, a
4 su hijo habido en esclava, a su padre, madre,
4 hermano y maestro, a su nodriga, a la persona
4 que le hubiere crudo, a la que hubiese criado ei
4 jnismo, y a su hermano de leche, al siervo que le
4 hubiese librado de muerte o de deshonra, al que
1 quisiere hacer administrador extrajudicial de sus
4 cosas siendo de diez y siete anos, y a la esclava
'con quien tratare de casaise."—Ley 1, tit. 22,
Part. 4.
44 Si dos o mas seilores tuvieren un esclavo,
4 puede hbertarlo cualquiera de ellos, dando a los
4 otros el justo precio de la parte que a cada uno
4 correspondiente; y aun puede comprarlo un ter-
4 cero con objeto de darle libertad."—Ley 2, tit.
22, Part 4.
44 Merece la libertad el esclavo en los cuatro
4 casos siguientes: 1°. Si delatase al raptor o forza-
4 dor de muger virgen: 2°. Si descubtiese al que
4 hace moneda falsa: 3°. Si descubriese al gefe
4 militar que abandono su puesto: 4°. Si acusare
4 al homictda de su seilor, o vengare su inuerte, o
4 descubnere traicion contra al rey o el leino. En
4 los ties pnmeros casos debS ei rey dar el precio
4 de esclavo a su dueno."—Ley 3, tit. 22, Part. 4.
44 Si el dueiio prostituyere publicamente a su
4 esclava, queda esta libie por el mismo hecho, y
4 no puede aquel lecobrar ni tener derecho alguno
4 sobre ella.'5—Ley 4* tit. 22, Part. 4.
41 Adquiere par fin libertad*el esclavo, por el ma*
4 trimorwo que contrajere con persona libre, 6 por
4 las ordenes sagradas que recibiere, con noticia y
4 consentimiento de su senor; como tambien porta
4 prescripcion, cuando con buena fe se tratare como
4 libre por diez anos en la tierra donde mpra su
4 senor o por veinte en otra, o sin buena fe por es-
4 pacio de treinta."—Leyes5,6,andl, tit.22, Part. 4.
In English : 44The master makes his own what*
1 ever his slaves gain and acquire, by whatever
4 title; and if he puts them at the bead of a shop,
4 stall, or other establishment whatsoever, he shall
4 be obliged to attend to and fulfill all contracts
4 they may make, as if himself had entered tntc*
4 them."—Law 7, tit. 21, Part 4.
44 The master who may be above the age of
4 fourteen years may liberate his slave by testa-
4 ment; and he who may be above the age of
4 twenty, may liberate him by instrument, or be-
4 fore the judge, or even before friends, with the
4 aid of five witnesses; moreover, the minor of
4 twenty and over sixteen, may give liberty, with
4 consent of his guardian, to his child had by a
4 slave woman, to his father, mother, brother,
4 and teacher, or to his nurse, or to the person
4 who shall have brought him up, or whom he
4 shall have brought up, and to his foster-brother,
4 to the servant who may have saved him from
I 4 death or from 'dishonor, to him whom he may
i 4 wish to make extrajudicial administrator bf his
I 4 goods, being of seventeen years, and to the slave
4 woman with whom he may propose to marry." ■
Law 1, tit. 22, Pari 4. .
44 If two or more masters haven slave, either of
; 4 them may liberate him, giving to the others the
4 just price which belongs to each; and even a third
4 party may puichase him for the purpose of set-
i 4 ting him free."—Law 2, til. 22, Part 4.
" t4The slave shall deserve his liberty m the four
|i 4 following cases: 1. If he shall inform on the
|, 4 ravisheror forcer of a virgin woman; 2. If he
4 discovers the maker of false money; 3. If he
4 shall discover a military chief who abandons his
4 post; 4. If he shall inform on the murdeier of
1 his master, or shall avenge his death, or discover
