1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
llBSbff
The Clerk commenced the reading of the mes-
sage.
Mr. POTTER interposed, and said he would
move that the message be laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER suggested that it was a custom-
ary cou(ibsy, uniformly accorded by the House,
to have the messages of the President read.
Mr. POTTER did not press .his motion.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
1 herewith transmit to'the two Houses of Con-
gress, a letter from his Excellency the Governor
of Texas, dated on the 14th day of June last, ad-
dressed to the late President of the United States,
which, not having been answered by him, came
to my hands on his death; and I also transmit a
copy of the answer which I have felt it to be my
duty to cause to be made to that communication.
Congress will perceive that the Governor of
Texas officially states, that by authority of the
Legislature of that State, he dispatched a special
Coirmissioner, with full power and instructions to
extend the civil jurisdiction of the State over the
unorganized countries of El Paso, Worth, Presidio,
and Santa Fe, situated on its northwestern limits.
He proceeds to say, that the Commissioner had
reported to him, in an official fprm, that the mili-
tary officers employed in the service of the United
States, stationed at Santa Fe, interposed adversely,
wi>h the inhabitants, to the fulfillment of his object,
in favor of the establishment of a separate State
government, east of the Rio Grande, and within
the rightful limits of the State of Texas. These
four counties which Texas proposes to establish
and organize, as being within her own jurisdiction,
extend over the whole of the territory east of the
Rio Grande, which has heretofore been regarded
as an essential and integral part of the Depart-
ment of New Mexico, and actually governed and
possessed by her people, until conquered and
revered from the Republic of Mexico by the
American arms.
The Legislature of Texas has been called together
by the Governor, for the purpose, as is under-
stood, of maintaining her claim to the territory
east of the Rio Grande, and of establishing over
it her own jurisdiction and her own laws, by
force.
These proceedings of Texas may well arrest
the attention of all branches of the Government
of the United States, and I rejoice that they occur
while the Congress is yet in session. It is, I fear,
far from being impossible that, in consequence of
these proceedings of Texas, a crisis may be brought
on which shall summon the two Houses of Con-
gress—and still more emphatically the Executive
Government—to an immediate readiness for the
performance-of their respective duties.
By the Constitution of the United States, the
President is constituted commander-in-chief of the
army and navy; and of the militia of the several-
States, when called into the actual service of the
United States. The Constitution declares, also,
that he shall taltecare that the lawsbe faithfully ex-
ecuted, and that he shall, from time to time, give
to the Congress information of the state of the
Union.
Congress has power by the Constitution ,to provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union; and suitable and appropriate acts of Con-
gress have been passed, as well for providing for the
catling forth the militia, as for placing other suit-
able and efficient means in the hands of the Presi-
dent, to enable him to discharge the constitutional
functions of his office.
The second section of the act of the twenty-
eighth of February, seventeen hundred and ninety-
five, declares, that whenever the laws of the
United States shall be opposed, or their execution
obstructed, in any State, by combinations too
powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings, or the power vested in the
marshals, the President may call forth the militia,
so far as may be necessary, to suppress such com-
binations, and to cause the laws to be duly exe-
cuted. . ., , ,
By the act of March 3, 1807, it is provided that
in all cases of obstruction to the laws, either of the
United States or any individual State or Territory,
where it is lawful for the President to call forth
the militia for the purpose of causing the laws to
be duly executed, it shall be lawful for him to
employ, for the same purposes, such part of the
land or naval force of the United States as shall
be judged necessary.
These several enactments are now in full force;
so that if the laws of the United States are opposed
or obstructed, in any State or Territory, by com-
binations too powerful to be suppressed by the
judicial or civil authorities, it becomes a case in
which it is the duty of the President, either to call
out the militia or to employ the military and naval
force of the United States, or to do both, if in his
judgment the exigency of the occasion shall so
require, for the purpose of suppressing such com-
bination.x
The constitutional duty of the President is plain
an' peremptory; and the authority vested in him
by law, for its performance, clear and ample.
Texas is a State authorized to maintain her
own laws, so far as tliey are not repugnant to the
Constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States,
to suppress insurrections against her authority,
and to punish those w)io may commit treason
against the State, according to the forms provided
by her own constitution and her own laws.
But all this power is local, and confined entirely
within the limits of Texas herself. She can pos-
sibly confer no authority, which can be lawfully
exercised beyond her own boundaries.
All this is plain, and hardly needs argument or
elucidation. If Texan milnin, therefore, march
into anyone of the other States, or into any terri-
tory of the United States, there to execute or en-
force any law of Texas, they become at that
moment trespassers; they are no longer under the
protection of any lawful authority, and are to be
regaided merely as intruders; and if within such
Stale or Territory they obstruct any law of the
United States, either by power of arms or mere
power of numbers, constituting such a combina-
tion as is too powerful to be suppressed by the
civil authority, the President of the United States
has no option left to him, but is bound to obey the
solemn injunction of the Constitution, and exercise
the high powers vested in him by that instrument,
and by the Acts of Congress.
Or, if any civil posse, armed or unarmed, enter
into any Territory of the United States, under the
protection of the laws thereof, with intent to seize
individuals to be carried elsewhere for trial for
alleged offences, and this posse be too powerful to
be resisted by the local and civil authorities, such
seizure or attempt to seize, is to be prevented or
resisted by the authority of the United States.
The grave and important question now arises,
whether there be in the Territory of New Mexico
any existing law of the United States, opposition
to which, or the obstruction of which, would con-
stitute a case calling for the interposition of the
authority vested in the President.
The Constitution of the United States declares,
that " this Constitution, and the laws of the United
'States which shall be made in pursuance there-
'of, and all the treaties made, or which shall be
' made, under the authority of the United States,
' shall be the supreme law of theland." If, there-
fore, New Mexico be a Territory of the United
States, and if any treaty stipulation be in force
therein, such treaty stipulation is the supreme law
of the land, and is to be maintained and upheld ac-
cordingly.
In the letter to the Governor of Texas, my rea-
sons are given for believing that New Mexico is
now a Territory -of the United States, with the
same extent and the 'same boundaries which be-
longed to it while in the actual possession of the
Republic of Mexico, and before the late war. In
the early part of that war, both California and
New Mexico were conquered by the arms of the
United States, and were in the military possession
of the United States at the date of the treaty of
peace.
By that treaty the title by conquest was con-
firmed, and these Territories, Provinces, or De-
partments, separated from Mexico forever; and
by the same treaty certain important rights and
securities were solemnly guarantied to the inhab-
itants residing therein.
By the fifth article of the treaty it is declared,
that
" The boundary line between the two Republics shall
commence in the Gulf ot Mexico, three leagues from land,
opposite the mouth of the Rio Grande, otherwise ca led the
Rio Biavo del Norte, or opposite the mouth of its deepest
branch if it should have more than one branch, emtyiug
directly into the sea; from thence up the middle of that
river, following the deepest channel where it has more than
one, to the point where it srtibes the southern boundary of •
New Mexico; thence westwardly along the whole souitiera-
'bouudary of New Mexico, (which runs nfo'rtii of thetown
called Paso,) to its western termination ; thence northward
alone the western line of New Mexico, until it intersects
the first branch of the liver Gila, (or if it should notinlerseet
any branch of that river, then to the point on the said, floe
nearest to such branch, and thence in a direct fine to the
same ;) thence down the middle of. the said branch and of
the said river, until it empties into the Rio Colorado; thence
across the Bio Colorado, following the division hue between
Upper and Lower California to the Pacific ocean."
The eighth article of the treaty is in the follow-
ing terms:
" Mexicans now established* in Territorial previously-be-
longing to Mexico, and which remain for the future within
the limits of the United States, as defined by ihe present '
treaty, shall be free to continue where they now reside, or to
remove at any time to the Mexican Republic, retaining the
property which tliey possess in Ihe said Territories, or dis-
posing thereof, and removing ihe proceeds wherever they '
please, without their being subjected, on this account, to
any contribution, tax or charge whatever.
" Those who shall preferTo lemmn in the said Territories
may either retain the title and rights of Mexican citizens or
acquire those of citizens of the United Slates. .But they
shall he under the obligation to make their election within
one year from the date of the exchange of latifiealions of
this treaty; and those who shall remain in the said Territo-
ries after the expiiation of that, year, \yithout havingdeciared
their intention to retain the character ot Mexicans, shall be
consideied to have elected to become citizens of the United
States
In the said Territories propeity of every kind, now he
longim: to Mexicans nut established there, sljall be inviola-
bly respeetrd. The present owners, the heirs of these, and
all Mexicans who may hereafter acquire said propeity by
contract, shall enjoy with respect to it, guarantees equally
ample as if the same belonged to citizens of the United
States."
The ninth article of the treaty is in these words:
« The Mexicans who, in the territories aforesaid, shall
not pieserve the character ot citizens of the Mexican Re-
public, conformalily-with what is stipulated in the preceding
article, shall be meorpoiated into the Union of the Uniud
Stales, and be aflmiited at the pioper time (to he judged of
by the <'oit;_'re-s of the United States) to the enjoyment of
ail the right* of citizens of the United States, accoidmg to
the principles of the Constitution ; and in the mean time
shall be maintained and ptolected in the free enjoyment of
their hh ityand property, and secuied in the fiee exercise
of their religion, without restriction."
It is plain, therefore, on the face of these treaty
j stipulations, that all Mexicans established in terri-
j tories north or east of the line of demarkanon at-
j ready mentioned, come within the protection ef
the ninth article: and that the treaty, being a part
of the supreme law of the land, does extend over
all such Mexicans, and assures to them perfect
security in the free enjoyment of their liberty and
property, as well as in the free exercise of their
religion; and this supreme law of the land being
thus in actual force over this territory, is lo be
maintained until it shall be displaced or superseded
by other legal provisions; and if it be obstructed
or resisted by combinations too powerful to be
suppressed by the civil authority, the case is one
which comes within the provisions of law, and
which obliges the President to enforce these pro-
visions. Neither the Constitution or the laws, nor
my duty or ray oath of office, leave me any alter-
native, or any choice, in my mode of action.
The Executive Government of the United States
has no power or authority to determine what was'
the true line of boundary between Mexico and the
United States before the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, nor has it any such power now, since the
question, has become a question between the State
of Texas and the United States. So far as this
boundary is doubtful, that doubt can only be re-
moved by some act of Congress, to which the
assent of the State of Texas may be necessary, or
by some appropriate mode of legal adjudication;
but in the mean time if disturbances or collisions
ause or should be threatened, it is absolutely in-
cumbent on the Executive Government, however
painful the duty, to take care that the laws be *
faithfullv maintained; and he can regard only the"
actual state of things as it existed at the date of
the treaty, and is bound to protect all inhabitants
who were then established, and who now remain
north and east of the line of demarkation, in the
full enjoyment of their liberty and property, accord-
ing to the provisions of the 9th Article of the treaty;
j in other words, all must be now regar4ed as New
i Mexico which was possessed and occupied as
j New Mexico by citizens of Mexico at the date-of
! the treaty, until a definite line of boundary shall b&
| established by competent authority. This asser-
i tion of duly to protect the people of New Mexico
i from threatened violence or from seizure, to be
| carried into Texas for" trial for alleged offences
1 against Texan laws, doss not at aif include any
