882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
' treason aeainst the king-or the kingdom. In the
c three first" cases the king; shall give the price of
* the slave to his master "—Law 3, lit. 22, Part. 4.
<f If the master publicly prostitutes hi« slave
'wnnia't, she is thereby freed, and he rannot re-
* cover her, or have any right over her."—Law 4,
tit. 22, Part 4.
" Finally, a slave will acquire his liberty by
* contracting matrimony with a free person, or by
* receiving sacred orders, wiih the knowledge
'and consent of his master; as likewise by pre-
1 scnption, when in good faith he shall be called a
' tree man for ten years in the country where his
'master lives, or for twenty years in another, or
'without good faith for the space of thirty."—
Laws 5, 6, 7, tit. 22, Pa>t 4.
I conclude this exposition of Mexican law in
relation to slavery by producing the definition of
that word in Spanish law. For this purpose I
quote from ihe same law dictionary, EscHche,
where we find it thus: " Esclavitud; El est ado de
* vn kombre que es propriedad dc otro cont> a el de> ecfio
'natural." In English: "Slavery: the condition
* of a mart who is the property of (mother against natv-
' rat rightI quote this definition for the pur-
pose ot showing that, under the laws of Spain, in
for^e in Mexico, slavery was held to be against
natural riarht—therefore not derived from natuie,
or divine law, but founded in municipal law, and
only existing by positive enactment—and, by con-
sequence, that no argument in favor of slavery in
Ne>v Mexico or California as an institution of
divine origin, or of any origin in any place, inde-
pendent of positive law, can derive any counte-
nance from Spanish law. Further than this I do
not go at present. L limit myself to the three
points, which, I believe, 1 have established:
that siavery was abolished in California and New
Mexico before we acquired those countries; sec-
ondly., that, even if not abolished, no person would
carry a slave to these countries to be held under
such law; thirdly, that no slavery can hereafter
exist in either of tho^e countries, except by virtue
of positive (aw, yet to lie passed. The piactical
application which I make of this exposition of
law is, that the proviso of which we have heard
so much is of no force whatever—unnecessary in
any point of view—and of no more effect, if
pat?s>d, than a piece of blank paper pasted on the
statute book,
Mr. RUSK then addressed the Senate for an
hour, mainly on the subject of the boundary of
T&xas, and then gave way for a motion to adjourn;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 23, 1850.
The Journal of yestciday was read and approved.
SOUTH CAROLINA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BURT said that he believed the State of
South Carolina had not offered et her a bill or a
resolution during the present session. He held in
his hand a resolution relating to the claim of that
State agninst the United States for money paid to
her volunteers who served in the Florida war
under an act of Congress, h was a mere reso-
lution of inquiry. He asked that it might be
adopted, th<u the subject might be referred to the
appropnate committee.
The SPEAKER said, if no objection was
made, the resolution would be read for informa-
tion.
The resolution was read and adopted, as follows:
Restti e', That the Committee on Military Affairs be iri-
Ptmcted to imjirii' into th<j ju-ucc fiinl Nropiiety of refund-
iiiU t<> ih<* tii.m* oi bomii Cuiohua the moiify |>.ii<1 by that
Sine to her ih.o|  who M-m<| m thu Florida war. and that
tliey repot iby bill or wi.-e.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose to inquire of the
Speaker, wlieilier the hill introduced into the
Committee of tile Whole on the state of the
Tjmori, by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr
Doty,] for the admission of the. State of California
inio the Union, had been ordered to be printed?
The SPEAKER, said, the bill had not been or- '
dered to be printed.
Mr. KING. Then I move that it be printed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, expressed the
hope that the accompanying amendment would
also be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection ,,
| the bill and amendment would be ordered to be
' printed.
j Mr THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
be informed whether this bill in any shape or
, form was before the committee?
The SPEAKER said, the bill and amendment
were in Committee of the Whole on the state of
! the Union, and, by unanimous consent^they could
! be ordered to be printed for the use of the House.
I If no objection was made the oider would be
II given.
jj Mr. THOMPSON said, he would not make the
i| point about it, but it was an unusual course of pro-
ij ceedmg.
|j The bill and amendment were then ordered to
j; be printed.
ij AMERICAN HEMP.
Mr. GERRY, from the Committee on Naval
j! Affaits, (by consent,) submitted the views of the
<j minority of that committee upon the memorial of
, George M. Billings; which was laid on the table
j and ordered to be printed, with the report of said
| committee.
;! Thff SPEAKER said that the business first in
order during the morning hour, was the joint res-
olution heretofore reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and the amendment thereto, in rela-
tion to the pui chase of water-rotted hemp for the
use of the navy; and the pending question was on
the motion to refer the same to the. Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
I Mr. GERRY said it would be seen by the read-
l ing of the amendment he proposed yesterday, that
j he had used the word diameter. He had incor-
j reedy used that word at the suggestion of a mem-
j ber of the committee. The correct word was
! circumference. He therefore wished the word
circumference to be substituted for the word di-
ameter.
The SPEAKER said the correction would be
, made.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. "WHITE said that he had had in his pos-
session for several days an application to the
House for an investigation into the contracts for
building the Patent Office. He asked leave, in
connection with the subject, to offer a resolution
of reference.
Mr. WALLACE insisted on the regular order
of business.
And the House passed thereto. *
AMERICAN HEMP.
The SPEAKER said that he had already an-
nounced the legulcir order of business.
Mr. STRONG said that he believed the motion
; to refer the bill and amendment to the Committee
i of the Whole on the state of the Union was de-
i batable.
The SPEAKER said it was debatable to a
limited extent. The debate must be confined to
the question of reference.
Mr. STRONG was about to proceed with his
remarks, but yielded to
Mr. iiOWLlN, who inquired of the Speaker
whether the amendment had been agreed to?
The SPEAKER. The amendment has been
ofTeted only, not tidopted The question is on
the motion to lefer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and until that question
has been decided, the House cannot act on the bill
or on the amendment. &
Mr, STRONG then proceeded with his remarks:
He said: i le^ret that the motion to refer this
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union prevents me from a full discus-
sion of us meitts. But as the motion has been
made I am in favor of its adoption. It must not
he forgotten, that when tin's resolution was reported
by the Committee on Naval Affans, another was
also leported directing the Secretary of the Navy
to enter into contract with George W. Billings for
the purchase of American water-rotted hemp.
This last resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole, and now we are asked to pass this,
which is utterly inconsistent with the one already
referred. For, if the Secretary of the Navy is di-
rected to purchase m open market wherever he
may please, a!! the hemp needed, then none will
remain to be furnished by Mr. Billing, if aeon-
tract should be awarded to him. The House
shoifld know the facts connected with this transac-
tion. In 1848 a joint resolution was passed,author-
izing the Navy Department to contract for all the
American water-rotted hemp needed for the navy
for a period of five years, at a price not exceeding
two hundred and forty-one dollars per ton, which
was the average price before that time paid for for-
eign hemp. Under this resolution the Secretary
of the Navy advertised for proposals. In answer
to these proposals various bids were made in ac-
cordance with the terms of the advertisement, the
bidders graduating the prices asked during the five
years. They demanded a certain sum for the
hemp needed during the first year, a less sum
for the hemp needed the second year, and so on,
reducing the price from year to year during the
entire period. George W. Billings was the low-
est bidder, and, therefore, in accordance with
every principle of law, of justice, and of good
faith, was entitled to the contract. Instead, how-
ever, of awarding it to him, the Secietary of the
Navy submitted the case to the Attorney General,
and that officer returned an opinion, nqw on file
among the records of the Government, that the
bid of Mr. Billings was illegal, because the prices
asked during the different years were graduated
and the bidder had not calculated the average—a
most extraordinary opinion to come from the chief
law-officer of the Government. Sir, there is not a
gentleman in this Jlouse, whether he be a lawyer
or not, who would not utterly repudiate such an
opinion. The bid is not a good one, argues the
Attorney General, because it imposes upon the
Navy Department the necessity of calculating what
the average price would be during the five years—
a calculation which should have been made by the
bidder. In other words, and in plain English, if a
man bid at public sale twice twenty dollars for a
horse, the bid is illegal, because it imposes upon
the seller the labor of multiplying twenty by two.
Relying upon this opinion, the Secretary of the
Navy refused to award the contract to Mr. Billings,
and the subject was brought before this House.
The Committee upon Naval AiTaira, to which it
was referred, was, as I understand, unanimously of
opinion that the position of the Attorney General
was untenable, thatMr. Billings was entitled to the
contract, and that in good faith it should have been
awarded to him. They, therefore, tepoited a res-
olution directing the Secretary of the Navy so to
award it. At the same time they report the resolu-
tion now before us. The first has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and this should take the
same diiection. It is obvious that both should be
considered and acted upon together,and as the one
has been referred the other should have a like refer-
ence. Sir, 1 am not interested, nor are my con-
stituents, directly in these hemp purchases; out we
are interested in requiring that the Government
should observe good faith towards ail those who
have dealings with it. Good faith most undenia-
bly requires that the proposal made by Mr. Bil-
lings should be accepted, and that the contract
should be awarded to him. To refuse it on the
authority of j-uch an opinion as the one of which I
have spoken, would be bad faith. To evade it by
the passage of this resolution directing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to purchase all the hemp needed
from whomsoever he may choose, would be an un-
worthy subterfuge. I trust, there/ore, that the res-
olution will be referred, and that we shall not, by
its passage, render the Government justly obnox-
ious to the charge of having violated that faith
which is due to every citizcn with whom it may
have business transactions.
Mr. MORRHEAD desired to make a short ex-
planation before the vote was taken on the, motion
to refer the resolution under consideration to the
Committee of the Whole. He feared it would be
tantamount to its defeat. Its effect, at all events,
would he, for the pjesent at leas;, to take out of
the hands ot the producers of western hemp, the
privilege which it is conceded they ought to have,
of furnishing the Government w ih all it may
need. The lesolution proposes but a slight change
in the existing law on this subject. That change
is in giving to the Secretary of the Navy the right
to purchase the hemp; the Government may re-
quue an open market, and to confine him m his
put chases to American hemp alone under renain
restrictions. No other change ivhatevpris pro-
posed. A proposition so leasonable, he had
hoped would be penmued to be passed without
further reference. It had been maturely consid-
ered by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and they
had recommended that it should be put on its pas-
