1528
THE' CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
Aug. 6,
claim of power on the pari of the Executive to es-
tablish any civil or military government within
that*Territory. That potver belongs exclusively
to the legislative department, and Congress is the
sole judge of the time and manner of creating or
authorizing any such governments.
The duty of the Executive extends only to the
execution of laws and the maintenance of treaties
actually in force, and the protection of all the peo-
ple of the United States in the enjoyment of the
rights which those treaties and laws guaranty.^
It is exceedingly desirable that no occasion
should arise fSr the exeroise of the powers thus
vested in the President by the Constitution and
the laws. With whatever mildness those powers
might be executed, or however clear the case of
necessity, yet consequences might nevertheless
Vollow, of which no human sagacity can foresee
either the evils or the end. ~
Having thus laid before^Dongress the commu-
nication of his Excellency the Governor of Texas,
and the answer thereto, and having made such ob-
servations as X have thought ihe occasion called
for respecting constitutional obligations which may
arise, in the further# progress of things, and may
devolve on me to be peiformed, I hope 1 shall not
be regarded as stepping aside from the line of my
duty, notwithstanding that I am aware that the
subject is now before both Houses, if I express
my deep and earnest conviction of the importance
of an immediate decision, or arrangement, or set-
tlement of the question of boundary between
Texas and the Territory of New Mexico. All
consideiauons of justice, general expediency, and
domestic tranquillity call for-this. It seems to be,
in its character and by position, the first, or one
of the first, of the questions growing out of the
acquisition of California and New Mexieo, and
now requiring decision.
No Government can be established for New
Mexico, either State or Territory, until it sh^ll
be first ascertained what New Mexico is, and what
are her limits and boundaries. These cannot be
fixed or known, till the line of division between
her and Texas shall be ascertained and established
—and numerous and weighty reasons conspire, in
my judgment, to show that this divisional line
should be established by Congress, with the assent
of the government of Texas. In the first place, this
seems by far the most prompt rm-de of proceeding,
by which the end'can be accomplished. If judicial
proceedings were resorted to, such proceedings
would necessarily be slow, and years would pass
by, in all probability, before the controversy could
be ended. So great a delay, in this cape, is to be
avoided if possible. Such delay would be every
way inconvenient, and might he ihe occasion of
disturbances and collisions. For the same reason,
I would, with the utmost deference to the wisdom
of Congress, express a doubt of the expediency of
the appointment of commissioners, and of an ex-
amination, estimate, and an award of indemnity to
be made by them. This would be but a species
of arbitration, which might last a§ long as a suit
at law.
So far as I am able to comprehend the case, the
general facts are now all known, and Congress is
as capable of deciding on it, justly and properly
now, as it probably would be after the report of
the Commissioners. If the claim of title on the
part of Texas appears to Congress to be well
founded, in whole or in part, it 10 in the compe-
tency of Congress to offer her an indemnity for
the surrender of that claim. In a case like this,
surrounded as itis,by many cogent considerations,
all calling for amicable adjustment and immediate
settlement, the Government of the United States
^would be justified, in my opinion, in allowing an
indemnity to Texas, not unreasonable and ex-
travagant, but fair, liberal, and awarded in a just
spirit of accommodation.
I think no event would be hailed with more
gratification by the people of ihe United States,
than the amicable adjustment of questions of diffi-
culty, which have now, for a long time, agitated
the country, and occupied, to the exclusion of
other subjects, the time and attention of Congress.
Having thus freely communicated the results of
my own reflection, on the most advisable mode of
adjusting the boundary question, I shall, neverthe-
less, cheerfully acquiesce in any other mode which
the wisdom of Congress may devise.
And, in conclusion, I repeat my conviction, that
every consideration of the public interest, mani-
fests the necessity of a provision by Congress for
the settlement of this boundary question, before
the present session be brought to a close. The
settlement of other questions, connected with the
same subject, within the same period, is greatly to
be desired; but the adjustment of this appears, to
me, to be in the highest degree important. In the
train of such an adjustment, we may well hope
that there will follow a return of harmony and
good will, an increased attachment to the Union,
and the general satisfaction of the country.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, August 6, 1850.
The message having been read,
Mr. BAYLY moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
and be printed. And on that motion he demanded
the previous question.
Mr, BROWN, of Mississippi. I hope that this
most extraordinary document is not to be choked
down by the previous question, i have something
to say upon it.
[Several Members: You can say it in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.]
The reading of the letters accompanying the
message was called for. The Clerk read, as fol-
lows:
Executive Department,
Austin, Texas, June 14,1850.
To his Excellency Z. Taylor,
President of the United States:
Sir: By authority of the Legislature of Texas,
the Executive of the State, m February last, de-
spatched a special Commissioner, with full power
and instructions to extend the civil jurisdiction of
this State over the unorganized counties of El Paso,
Worth, Presidio, and Santa Fe, situated upon its
northwestern limits.
That Commissioner has reported to me, in an
official form, that the military officers employed in
the service of the United States, stationed at Santa
Fe, interposed adversely with the inhabitants to
the fulfillment of his object by employing their in-
fluence in favor of the establishment of a separate
State government, east of the Rio Grande, and
within the rightful limits of the State of Texas. 1
transmit to yon, heiewith, the proclamation of
Colonel John Munroe, acting under the orders of
the Government of the United States, under the
designation of Civil and Military Governor of the
Territory of New Mexico.
I have very respectfully to request, that your
Exccllenoy will cause me to be informed, at your
earliest possible convenience, whether, or not, this
officer has acted in this matter under the orders of
his Government, and whether his' proclamation
meets with the approval of the President of the
United States?
With assurances of distinguished consideration,
1 have the honor to be, your Excellency's most
obedient servant, P. H. BELL.
Department of State,
Washington, August 5, 1850.
To his Excellency P. H. Bell,
Governor of Texas?
Sir: A letter addressed by you to the late Presi-
dent of the United States, and dated on the 14th of
June last, has, since his lamented decease, been
transferred to the hands of his successor, by whom
I am directed to address to you the following
answer:
Jn that letter you say that by the authority of
the Legislature of Texas, the Executive of that
State, in February last, dispatched a special Com-
missioner, with full power and instructions to ex-
tend the civil jurisdiction of that States over the
unorganized counties of El Paso, Worth, Presidio,
and Santa Fe, situated upon its northwestern
limits; and that the Commissioner has reported to
you in an official form, that the military officers
employed in the service of the United States, sta-
tioned at Santa Fe, interposed adversely with the
inhabitants to the fulfillment of his object, by em-
ploying their influence m favor of the establish-
ment of a separate State government east of the
Rio Grande, and within the rightful limits of the
State of Texas. You also transmit a copy of the
proclamation of Colonel John Munroe, acting
under the orders of the Government of the United
States, under the designation of Civil and Military
Governor of the Territory-of New Mexico, and
Respectfully request the President to cause you to
be informed whether or not this officer has acted
in this matter under the orders of his Government,
and whether his proclamation meets with the
approval of the President of the United States.
In the events which have occurred, the Presi- ,
denthardly knows whetheryour Excellency would
naturally expect an answer to this letter fmm him.
His predecessor in office, to whom it was addressed,
and under whose authority and direction the procla-
mation of Colonel Munroe was issued, is no wiore7
and at this time, that proclamation, whatever may
be regarded as its true character, has ceased to have
influence or effect. The meeting of the people of
New Mexico, by thejr representatives, which it
invited, is understood to have taken place, although
this Government has as yet received no official in-
formation of it.
Partaking, however, in the fullest degree, in that
high respect which the Executive Government of
the United States always entertains towards the
Governors and the governments of the States, the
President thinks it his duty nevertheless to mani-
fest that feeling of respect by acknowledging and
answering your letter. And this duty, Jet me as-
sure your Excellency, has been so long delayedf
only by uncontrollable circumstances, and is now
performed at the eailiest practicable moment, after
the appointment of those heads of departments,
and their acceptance of office, with whom it is
usual, on important occasions, for the President of
the United States to advise.
In answer, therefore, to your firstinterrogatoryy
viz: whether Colonel Munroe, in issuing the procla-
mation referred to, acted under the orders of this
Government, the President directs me to state,
that Colonel Munroe's proclamation appears to
have been issued in pursuance, or in consequence*
of an order or letter of instructions given by the
late Secretary of War, under the authority of the
late President, to Lieutenant Colonel McCall. Of
this order, which bears date on the 19th of Novem-
ber, 1849, your Excellency was undoubtedly in-
formed at the date of your letter. A full and
accurate copy, however, is attached to this com-
munication. Colonel McCall is therein instructed^
that if the people of New Mexico, for whom Con-
gress had provided no government, should manifest
a wish to take any steps to establish a government
for themselves, and'apply for admission into the
Union, it will be his duty, and the duty of others
with whom he is associated, not to thwart,
but to advance their wishes. This order does
not appear to authorize any exertion of military
authority, or of any official or even personal in-
terference to control, or affect in any way the pri-
mary action of the people, m the formation of a
government, nor to permit any such interference
by subordinate officers. Colonel McCall and his
associates were not called upon to take a lead m
any measures, or even to recommend anything
as fit to be adopted by the people. Their whole
duty was confined to what they might be able to
perform, subordinate to the wishes of the people.
In this matter it was evidently contemplated that
they were to act as the agents of the inhabitants^
and not as officers of this Government, It must
be recollected that the only government then ex-
isting in the Territory was a quasi military gov-
ernmental^ as Congress has made no provision
for the establishment of any form of civil govern-
ment, and as the President doubtless believed, that
under these circumstances, the people had a right
to frame a government for themselves, and fcubrrftt
it to Congress for its approval, the order was a
direction that the then existing military govern-
ment should not stand in the way of the accom-
plishment of the wishes of the people, nor thwart
those wishes, if the people entertained them, for
the establishment of a free, popular", republican,
civil government, for their own protection and
benefit. This is evidently the whole purpose and
object of the order. The military officer in com-
mand, and his associates, were American citizens,
acquainted with the forms of civil and popular
proceedings, and it was expected that they would
aid the inhabitants of the Territory, by their ad-
vice and assistance, in their proceedings for estab-
lishing a government of their own. There is no
reason to suppose that Colonel Munroe, an officer
as much distinguished for prudence and discre-
tion, as for gallant conduct in arms, meant to act,
or did act otherwise than in entire subordination
and subserviency to the will of the people among
whom he was placed. He was not authorized to
