1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
do, nor does the President understand him as in-
tending to do anything whatever in his military
•character, nor to represent in any way, the wishes
of the Executive Government of the United States.
To judge intelligently and fairly of these trans-
actions, we must recall to our recollection the
circumstgftices of the case as they then existed.
Previous to the war with Mexico, which com-
menced in May, 1846, and received the sanction
of Congress on the 13th of that month, the Terri-
tory of New Mexico formed a department or State
of "the Mexican Republic, and was governed by
her laws.
General Kearny, acting under orders from this
Government, invaded this department with an
armed force; the governor fled at his approach,
and the troops under his command dispersed, and
General Kearny entered Santa Fe, the capital, on
the 18th of August, 1846, and took possession of
the Territory in the name of the United States. On
the 22d of that month,*he issued a proclamation to
the inhabitants, stating the fact that he had taken
possession of Santa Fe, at the head of his troops,
and announcing " his intention to hold the depart-
ment with its original boundaries (on both sides
of the Del Noite)and under the name of New
Mexico."
By that proclamation he promised to protect the
inhabitants of New Mexico, in their persons and
property, against their Indian enemies and all
ethers; and assured them that the United States
intended to provide for them a free government,
when the people would be called upon to exercise
the rights of freemen in electing their own repre-
sentatives to the territorial legislature. On the
same day be established a territorial constitution
by an organic law, which provided for executive,
legislative, and judicial departments of the govern-
ment; defined the ri^ht of suffrage, and provided
for trial by jury, and at the same time estab-
lished a code of laws. This constitution declared
that " the country heretofore known as New Mex-
* ico, shall be known hereafter and designated as
4 the Territory of New Mexico, in the United
' States of America*,'5 and the members ofthe lower
house of the Legislature were apportioned among
'the counties established by the decree of the de-
partment of New Mexico, of June 17,1844, which
counties, it is understood, included all the territory
over which Texas has lately attempted to organize
counties and establish her own jurisdiction.
On the 22d of December, 1846, a copy of this
constitution and code was transmitted by President
Polk to the House of Representatives, in pursuance
of a call on him by that body. In the message
transmitting the constitution, he says, that " por-
4 tions of it purport to establish and organize a
' permanent territorial governmentover the territory,
4 and to impart to its inhabitants political rights
* which, under the Constitution of the United States,
* can be enjoyed, permanently, only by citizens of
' the United States. These have not been approved
* and recognized by me. Such organized regula-
4 tions as have been established in any of the con-
1 quered Territories for the security of our conquest,
6 for the preservation of order, for the protection
* of the rights of the inhabitants, and for depriving
' the enemy of the advantages of these Territories
* while the military possession of them by the forces
' of the Unit'ed States continue, will be recognized
* and approved."
Near four years have now elapsed since the
quasi military government was established by mil-
itary authority, and received, with the exceptions
mentioned, the approval of President Polk, in
the mean time, a treaty of peace has been coacluded
with Mexico, by which a boundary line wns es-
tablished, that left this Territory within the United
States, thereby confirming to the United States, by
treaty, what we had before acquired by conquest.
The treaty, in perfect accordance with the proc-
lamation of General Keatny, declared that the
Mexicans remaining in this Territory should be in-
corporated into the Union of the United States,
and be admitted at the proper time, (to be judged
of by the Congress ofthe United States,) to an en-
joyment of all the rights of citizens of the United
States, according to the principles of the Constitu-
tion; u and in the mean time should be maintained
« and protected in the free enjoyment of their Ub-
* erty and property, and secured in the free exer-
* cise of their religion without restriction.'1 Thus it
■will be perceived that the authority of the United
States over New Mexico, was the result of con-
quest; and the possession held of it, in the first
place, was of course a military possession. The
treaty added the title by cession to the already
existing title by successful achievments in arms.
With the peace, there arose a natural expectation,
that, as early as possible, there would come a civil
government to supersede the military. But until
some such form of government should come into
existence, it was matter of absolute necessity that
the military government should continue, as other-
wise the country must fall into absolute anar-
chy. And this has been the course generally, in
the practice of civilized nations, when colonies
o$ territories have been acquired by war, and their
acquisition confirmed by treaty.
The military government, therefore, existing in
New Mexico at the date of the order, existed there
of inevitable necessity. It existed as much against
the will of the Executive Government of the Uni-
ted States, as against the will of the people. The
late President had adopted the opinion, that it was
justifiable in the people of the Territory, under the
circumstances, to form a constitution of govern-
ment, without any pievious authority conferred by
Congress, and thereupon to apply for admission
into the Union. It was under this state of things,
and under the influence of these opinions, that the
order of the 19th November last was given, and
executed in the manner we have seen. The order
indicates no boundary, and defines no territory^
except by the name of New Mexico; and so far
as that indicates anything, it referred to a known
Territory, which had been organized under military
authority, approved by the Executive, and left
without remonstrance or alteration by Congress
for more than three years. It appears to the Presi-
dent, that such an order could not have been in-
tended to invade the rights of Texas.
Secondly, you ask whether the proclamation of
Colonel Munroe meeis with the approval of the
President of the United States?
To determine this question, it is necessary to
look at the object of the proclamation, and the
effect of the proceedings had under it. If the ob-
ject was to assume the authority to settle the dis-
puted boundary with Texas, then the President
has no hesitation in saying, such object does not
meet his approbation, because he does not believe
that the Executive branch of this Government or
the inhabitants of New Mexico, or both combined,
have any constitutional authority to settle that
question. That belongs either to the judicial de-
partment of the Federal Government or to the
concurrent action by agreement of the legislative
departments of the Governments of the United
States and Texas. But it has been sufficiently
shown that Colonel Munroe could have had no
such object, and that his intention was merely to
act in aid of the people in forming a State consti-
tution to be submitted to Congiess Assuming
then that such a constitution has been founed,
what is its effcct upon the disputed boundary? If
it compromits the rights of either party to that
question, then it does not meet the President's ap-
probation, for he deems it his duty to leave the
settlement of that question to the tribunal to which
it constitutionally belongs. It is sufficient for htm
that this boundary is'in dispute. That the ter-
ritory east of the Rio del Norte seems to be
claimed in good faith, both by Texas and New
Mexico, or rather by the United States. Whatever
might be his judgment m regard to their respective
rights, he has no power to decide upon them, or
even to negotiate in regard to them; and therefore
it would be improper for him to express any opin-
ion. The subject-matter of dispute is between tho
United States and Texas, and not between the in-
habitants of New Mexico and Texas. If those
people should voluntarily consent to come under
the jurisdiction of Texas, such consent would not
bind the United States or take away their title to
the Territory. So, on the other hand, if they
should voluntarily claim the title for the United
States, it would not depiive Texas of her rights,
whatever those rights might be. They can only
be affected by her own acts, or ajudicial decision.
The State constitution formed by New Mcxico can
have no legal validity until it is recognized and
adopted by the law-making power of the United
States. Until that is done it has no sanction, and
can have no effect upon the rights of Texas, or of
the United States, to the territory in dispute. And
it is not to be presumed that Congress will ever
give its sanction to that constitution without fiist
providing for the settlement of this boundary. In-
deed, no government, either Territorial or State,
can be formed for New Mexico without providing
for settling this boundary. Hence he regards the
formation of this State constitution as a merenul-
lity. It may be regarded, indeed, as a petition to *
Congress to be admitted as a ,State; but, untjl
Congress shall grant the prayer ;of such petition,
by legal enactments, it affects therights of neither
party. But as it is the right of all to petition Con-
gress for any law which it may constitutionally
pass, this people were in the exercise of a common
right when they formed their constitution, with a
view of applying to Congress for admission as a
State; and as he thinks the act can prejudice no
one, he feels bound to approve of the conduct of
Colonel Munroe in issuing the proclamation.
1 am directed, also, to state, that in the Presi-
dent's opinion it would not be just to suppose that
thf: late President desired to manifest any unfriend-
ly attitude or aspect towards Texas, or the claims
of Texas. The boundary between Texas and
New Mexico was known to be disputed; and it
was equally well known that the Executive Gov-
ernment of the United Staies had no-power to settle
that dispute. It is believed that the Executive power
has not wished—it certainly does not now wish—
,to interfere with that question, in any manner
whatever, as a question of title. *
In one of his last communications to Congress,
that of the 17th of June last, the late President
repeated the declaration that he had no power to
decide the question of boundary, and no desire to
interfere with it; and that the authority to settle
that question resided elsewhere. The object of
the Executive Government has been, as 1 believe,
and as I am authorized to say it certainly now is,
to secure the peace of the country; to maintain as
far as practicable the state of things as it existed
at the date of the treaty; and to uphold and pre-
serve the rights of the respective parties as they
were under the solemn guarantee of the treaty,
until the highly interesting question of boundary
should be Anally settled by competent authority.
This treaty, which is now a supreme law of the
land, declares, as before stated, that the inhabit-
ants shall be maintained and protected in the free
enjoyment of their liberty and property, and se-
cured in the free exercise of their religion. It will,
of course, be the President's duty to-see that this
law is sustained, and the protection which it guar-
anties made effectual—and this is the plain and
open path of Executive duty, in which he pro-
poses to tread.
Other transactions of a very grave character are
alluded to, and recited in your Excellency's letter.
To those transactions, I am now directed not more
particularly to advert, because the only questions
propounded by you, rcspect the authority under
winch Col. Munroe acted, and the approval or dis-
approval of his proclamation. Your Excellency's
communication and this answer will be immediately
laid before Congress, and the President will take
that occasion to bring to its notice the transactions
alluded to above.
It is known to your Excellency, that the
questions growing out of the acquisition of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico, and among them the
highly important one of the boundary of Texas,
have steadily engaged the attention oR>oth Houses
of Congress for many months, and still engage it,
with intense interest. It is understood that the
Legislature of Texas will be shortly in session,
and will have the boundary question also before it. *
It is a delicate crisis in our public affairs, not free
certainly from possible dangers; but let us confi-
dently trust that justice, moderation, patriotism,
and the love of the Union, may inspire such coun-
sels, both in the Government of the United States
and that uf Texas, as shall carry the country
through these dangers, and bring it safely out of
them all, and with renewed assurances ofthe con-
tinuance of mutual respect and harmony in the
great family of States.
I have the honor to be, with entire regard, your
Excellency's most obedient servant,
DANIEL WEBSTER,
z Secretary of State.
The reading of the letters having been con-
cluded—
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] has demanded the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise for the purpose of with-
drawing the motion for the previous question.
