GLOBE
P U B L IS H ED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $'3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1850.
New Series No. 28.
sage. He whs sorry to hear the objection inter-
posed, and the argument used in favor of the ref-
erence, that a Mr. Billings had been wronged by
the refusal of the Navy Department to give him
arnntiact for the supply of this hemp! He did
not see how the subjects connected themselves;
but he felt CGi'taitt that whenever it was under-
stood, there could be no difficulty about it. He
understood'that Mr. Billings had heretofore en-
tered into a contract with the Navy Department,
for the delivery of three hundred and thirty tons
of American water-rotted hemp, not one pound of
which had he yet delivered;
Mr. WHITE (Mr. M. yielding the floor for
that purpose) beg<red to state (hat he had under-
stood that the contract was entered into in the
month of October, and that he had fifty tons ready
to deliver, which would not be received.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he understood this
matter, as far he could learn it from official
sources, that the contract was not entered into in
the month of October, but that it bore date on the
29th of August; and he repeated that he had
never complied in any particular with that con-
tract, or offered to do so.
Mr. STRONG said he desired to say that he
had no personal knowledge on this subject. His
argument was founded on the information before
him, respecting the authenticity of which he could
not give an opinion. It had been stated that Bil-
linjs had contracted with the Department for the
delivery of three hundred and thirty tons of hemp,
and that he could not obtain the ariicle to fulfill his
contract. It was a fact that Billings had offered
for a contract to supply six hundred and sixty
tons pf hemp, for the use of the Navy Depart-
ment. But the contract was not given to him.
The quantity of three hundred and thirty tons
was awarded to an individual who acted as agent
for Mr. Billings, and this agent accepted the con-
tract without the authority of Mr. Billings. Sub-
sequently Mr. Billings refused to ratify this con-
tract with his agent, and declined to furnish the
hemp, and this refusal he grounded on the fact,
that the offer was not the one which he had made,
and that the agent had no authority to make it.
He had been informed that these we're the facts of
the case.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, explained that
the Committee on Naval Affairs had had nothing be-
fore them in reference to any former contracts, but
merely the facts in relation to that case on which
they had report, d. It was only the recent bid-
dings to which the attention of*the committee
had been directed. As to the opinion given by
the Attorney General, it was the unanimous
opinion of the committee that it could not be sus-
tained. And he would say that he thought the
unanimous decision of the Naval Committee, was
at least worthy to stand, side by side, with the
opinion of the Attorney General.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, begged his col-
league to permit him to ask the gentleman from
Tennessee a question. He wished to know, if
when the Committee of Naval Affairs had under
consideration the petition of Mr. Billings, they
did not have before them the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in which he refers to the con-
tract ngade with Mr. Billings, and shows that the
contract was made on the 29th August, 1846, to
continue for the term of three years, and that
neither year did Mr Billings furnish a single
pound. By reference to that report, the gentleman
from Tennessee will perceive, that the contract
was regarded m full foree and validity.
Mr. MOREHEAD said, that he would not un-
dertake to reconcile the explanations given by the
two gentlemen—one from New York and the other
from Pennsylvania. The one admitted the con-
tract, and says that it was made in'October, and
that Mr. Billings had so far recognized it as to
offer to deluer 50 tons under it; and the other ex-
tenuated his conduct by his disavowal of the entire
contract. Sir, (said Mr. M.,)the contractions made
—was a valid contract, in his judgment; and it was
violated. During the period of its existence the
Government had to go mto'open market and pur-
28
chase foreign hemp as high as $315.or $320 per
ton. This was not the only- instance of the viola-
tion of hemp contracts. ~ The American hemp com-
pany failed in its contract to the extent of 429 tons,
which it had contracted to deliver. Mr. Cox failed
to the extent of 250 tons; and Genej-al Pillow to
the extent of 90 tons. It is due to the latter gen-
tleman, however, to state that he was released in
consequence of being sent to Mexico.
From this it will appear that, under the contract
system, 1,099 tons of American water-rotted hemp
contacted to be delivered to the Navy Depart-
ment, never was- delivered. This amount the
western country had aright to expect that it would
furnish. The contracts were made with gentle-
men from New York chiefly. The people of the
West knew nothing of them—no inducements
were held out to thein to prepare the article for
market, and in that state of the case the contractors
would apply to the Department to be relieved on
the ground that American hemp could not be pro-
cured. It could be readily perceived how very
injurious this was to the great interest he (Mr. M.)
was endeavoring, to some extent, to protect. But
it was said the Naval Committee had examined
the opinion of the Attorney General deciding
against the bid of Mr. Billings, and that the com-
mittee disagreed with him. He asked if Congress
should in this mode undertake to investigate, the
correctness of the opinion of the first law-officer
of the Government, look at all the points involved
and the authorities bearing upon them, and over-
rule a decision which they might -believe to be Er-
roneous? He protested against going into matters
of this kind. It was wisely and properly left to
the department having control of those matters.
The whole time of Congress would be taken up
with the investigations of the claims of those bid-
ding for contracts, if we undertake to exercise a
supervisory control over them.
He had not examined the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, deeming it unimportant to do so; but
from his justly deserved reputation as an eminent
jurist, he believed that his opinion on strict exam-
ination would be found correct. But he did not
place the matter alone on this ground. Mr. Bil-
lings, if he was correctly informed, was a defaulter
on an existing contract—and, besides that, the Sec-
retory of the Navy had expressly reserved the
power to refuse even the lowest bid, in ..order to
prevent monopoly.
Mr. WHITE, in explanation, fMr. M. yielding
the floor,) was understood to say, that the case re-
ferred to was under the cognizancc of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. He had never affirmed
nor denied the facts which the gentleman from
Kentucky had stated.
Mr. MOREHEAD resumed. He was sure that
there was no disposition on the part of the gentle-
men of the Naval Committee to do injustice to the
West, and he believed that when all the facts about
this matter were thoroughly investigated and un-
derstood, there would be but little difference of
opinion about it. Finally, he observed that if the
Plouse intended to do anything m this matter, the
resolution ought not to be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, to be buried in a mass of busi-
ness until the close of the session. lie hoped
that a single individual would not be allowed to
step between the Government and the interests of
a great scction of the country. Let us do what is
ri^ht, both with reference to the hemp-growing re-
gion and then to Mr. Billings, whenever his case
shall come up.
Mr. GERRY said he desired to offer some obser-
vations in explanation of the subject-matter now
before the House, and give a few of the reasons
why he thought the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House ought to prevail. In
the first place, (continued Mr. G.,) I will remark
that the action of the majority of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, according to rny understanding,
was the result of the impression that their action
would be a compromise of the questions in con-
troversy satisfactory to all parties, and I am sur-
prised at the course taken by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Morehead.]
The committee were unanimous in the opinion,
so far as I understand, that the contract which has
been withheld from Mr. Billings by the Secretary
of the Navy should of right have been awarded to
him upon law and in justice. They were of the
opinion that the reasons given for withholding the
contract were insufficient. But a majority of the
committee, anticipating opposition to instructing
the Secretary to fulfill his contract with Mr. Bil-
. lings in good faith, and to quietly dispose of the
whole matter, concluded to divide the contract,
and give one half of it to.Mr. Billings and leave
the Secretary to make purchases for the other half
as proposed by the resolutions now before the
House. But a minority of thecommitee would
not give their consent to this division of the con-
tract. They regarded the contract as belonging to
Mr. Billings as a matter of right, and would not
consent to waive his right although a groundless
opposition might be urged against it. And in
pursuance of this opinion they have laid upon
your table a minority report. But it appears that
the report of the majority .of the committee is un-
satisfactory to the gentleman frbm Kentucky. If
otherwise, why this opposition to allow these
resolutions to go to the Committee of the Whole
House? The report and resolutions now before
the House, and the reports and resolutions on the
memoiial of Mr. Billings, should all be considered
together. In my judgment, the reports and reso-
lutions on the memorial of Mr. Billings, if-either
are entitled to a preference, should receive the
earliest action of this body. Pass these resolu-
tions, and we shall soon be told that there is no
necessity or propriety in passing or considering
either of the other two sets of resolutions; for the
Secretary of the Navy will have supplied the De-
partment with all the hemp required before we
shall reach those resolutions already referred to
the Committee of the Whole. Now, sir, I wish
to call the attention of the House to the resolution
of Congress passed in 1848, and in pursuance of"*
which the Secretary advertised for proposals.
The resolution is in these words:
That the Secretary of the Navy he, and he is hereby
authonzeil, if m hih opinion it will he advantageous to the
public interest, to make oontiaeis for any teem i ot-exceed-
ing five years for the purchase of American vvatur-rotflfc
hemp for the u?e <f MeUwted States Navy: Proouleti, Tire
same can be had of equal quality with the best foreign hemp,
and at a price not exceeding ilie average price for &ucb hemp
for the last five jears; the inspection and delivery to he at
the place of purchase."
Now, sir, the Secretary, by virtue of the
authority granted him in this resolution, advei-
tised for proposals, and every man in the country
had an opportunity to throw in his bid—Mr. Bil-
lings, among others, did so. H is bid, in my judg-
ment, entitled him to the contract. He was the
lowest bidder, and he conformed in every respect
to the law and the conditions of the adveuisement
of the Secretary. Nothing but bad faith on the
part of the Government can withhold the contract
from him; and I submit to gentlemen of this
House whether they are prepared to hav that con-
tracts made between the Government and its citi-
zens may be executed and kept, or not, at the
pleasure-of any officer of this Government—while
it holds the citizen hound rigidly to fulfill all con-
tracts on his part. But the gentleman from Ken-
tucky says the Government had had a previous
contract with Mr. Billings, and that he failed to
fulfill it. Now (said Mr.G.) that matter has been
explained by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Strong.] But if such a contract had ex-
isted as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Morehead] supposes, and Mr. Billings has
failed to fulfill it on his part, the Government has
its remedy against both Billings and his guar-
antors. But not so with Mr. Billings. He has
no remedy against the Government, except Con-
gress comes to his qehef. But, sir, I hold it is too
late for the Secretary, or his friends, to object to
giving the contract to Mr. Billings on the ground
that he had failed to fulfill a pnor contract. No
exceptions aiemade in the lesolution of Congress
or the advertisement. Ail were invited to bid who
would furnish the proper guarantors. Mr. Billings
