1850.
THE CONGRESSfOMAL GLOBE.
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, ihe question would then be upon
the motion of the gentleman from Louisiana.
. The question being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. TOOMBS and others demanded the yeas
and nays
The SPEAKER reminded gentlemen that the
demand was not in order upon the second.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Thompson, of Mississippi, and Case*, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 107, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being, " Shall the main question
he now put?"
Mr. TOOMBS, Mr. ORR, and others, demanded
the yeas arid nays.
Mr. HOLMES rose (he said) to a point of order;
and inquired of the Chair if it were not usual, and
if it would not be much more appropriate, for the
commentary of the House to go out withthe text?
The SPEAKER said, debate or conversation
was not in order.
Mr. McLANE, ofMaryland, desired toask the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he would not
consent to modify his motion so as to provide for
making the message a special order?
Cries of lt No, no," and objections.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. INGE inquired what would be the effect of
refusing to order the main question to be now put?
The SPE A KER replied, that the message would
go over one day.
Mr. MORSE inquired, whether, after the motion
to refer were put, the question would not then be
on the motion to print?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was to refer
and print.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
taken ?" was put, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 130, nays 58; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alberteon, Alexander, Allen, Alston, An-
derson, Aalimun, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth,
Bowie, Br<ck} Brigg*, B:onks, William J. Brown, BuH,
Burrows, Thomas B Butler, Joseph Cable, Jn-eph P Cald-
well, Calvin, Campbell, Cartler, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Detiei ry, Dickey,
Dumiuck, DiMity, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunhamt Durkee,
Nathan Evan*, Fitch, Fowler. Freedley, Fuller,Gentry,Gid-
dings Gorman, Gott, Gonkl, Grninel!, H.ill, Hallovvay, Har-
lan, Tnomas L. iiatris, IJaymond, Hehard, Henry, liihhaid.
Hiiiiaid. Hortylaiul, H<>u ton, Hunter, Willi.nn T Jackson,
Andr^ w Johnson, Jones, Julian, Keir,GeorgeG.Kmg, James
G Km;.', John A. King, Preston King, Leffler. Levin, Lit-
tlefield, Hoiace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, Mo-
jLanahan, Meaeh'am, Moore,Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Old-, OtH, Outlaw, Peck, Phf-lp-, Phoenix, Putter, Putnam,
Heed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risiey, Rabbins, Robinson,
Rockw< H, Boot.Roj-e, Ross, Rurrisey, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldin\ Sprague, Stanly, Stetson,
Sweeiser, Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Underbill. Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Walking, Wentworth,
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, William*,jWilmot, Wilson,
Wood,and Young—130.
X\Y$— Messrs. Ashe, Ave.rett, Bay, Bayly, Bowdon,
Bind, Albert G. Brown, Buit. E. C. Cabell, Chngman, W.
R. W. Cohb, Coleock, Conrad, Edmund>on, Evving, F.ath-
eifton, Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, I. G Hairis,
S. W. lUrrK Hotladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Kaufman, La ?• fere. Mason, McDowell, Robei t M. McLane,
Finis E. \ oLean, McMullen, McQueen. Mc Willie, Meade,
Mtllson, Morse, Morion, Orr, Owen, Powell, Savage, Sed-
do>,Riehaid H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thomas,
Jacob Thomr son, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn,
and Woodward—58.
So the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
And then the message and accompanying; docu-
ments were ruferfed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GOTT moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and that that motion he laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.,,
THE POST OFFICE BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department, &c.
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Potter.
Mr. PHELPS asked Mr. P. to withdraw it.
The CHAIR inquired of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Potter] -whether he withdrew his
amendment?
Mr. POTTBR expressed his willingness to do
so—and expressed the hope either that nis amend-
ment or the motion indicated by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] to strike out the
entire section, would prevail.
Before taking his seat, Mr. P. corrected an error
into which he had been led yesterday by statin?
the amount chargeable to the Government for free
postage of letters and their estimated delivery to
be $900,000 a year, instead of $644,605.
Mr. P. then'wiihdrew the amendment.
Some explanatory conversation followed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to strike out the first sec-
tion except the last line.
Mr. P. said, he did not intend to detain the
committee with any extended remarks on the mo-
tion that he had submitted. In the remarks that
he had made yesterday he had endeavored to show
the injustice of appropriating the revenues of the
Post Office Department to defray the expenditures
proposed in the first section of the bill. He hoped
the motion which he had m^de would prevail, and
that these items would hereafter re inserted in the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, where'they
properly belonged. Whether the present rates of
postage should be reduced or not, there were other
considerations which operated upon his rftind to in-
duce him to make this motion. If these sums were
taken from the revenues of the department, it
would diminish the amount of money at the dis-
posal of the Postmaster General, for increasing
mail facilities and establishing new post routes m
the western States. The Postmaster General was
compelled to rely on the revenues of the depart-
ment for the support of the Post Office establish-
ment. The money proposed to be appropriated
by this bi'l is to be paid out of the revenue of that
department, And if the revenues should be insuf-
ficient for that purpose, the deficiency could not
be drawn from the Treasury under existing laws.
He could not, therefore, sanction the course pur-
sued by the Committee of Ways and Means, m
making this additional charge upon the revenues
of that department—a charge which had always
been paid out of the Treasury proper until this
I time.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VENABLE. I renew this proposition to
strike out the first section of the bill, because I
am an advocate of cheap postage. - I will vote for
a reduction of the postage to the uniform rate, and
that the smallest silver coin of the United States—
five cents is now the smallest, and if one of three
cents is ordered by law, I would vote for a reduc-
! tion to that sum. The doctrine that the Post
Office Department ought to support itself, is a fal-
lacy—it would he as reasonable to require the navy
to support itself by piracy, or the army by plun-
der. We have no department of our Government—
no arm of our power, which ministers more to
the comfort and intellectual enjoymentof the peo-
ple, more efficient in the progress of civilization,
than the post office organization. There is noth-
ing for which 1 would more cheerfully pay a tax,
nothing which so universally pervades the whole
people by Us salutary influences, nothing better
calculated to fix the conviction that Government
manifests a paternal regard for the citizens of this
great country, than those means of intercommuni-
cation which the post office secures. If no part of
the country obtained those facilities, except those
which paid for the expense, then the distant Ter-
ritories wouid be dented, and the whole system
would ultimately perish by inaction. Let cheap
postage be adopted as the best means of raising
revenue. Extend the advantages to all parts of
the country, and pay for the deficit out of the pub-
lic Treasury. Our northern lakes and sea-coast are
studded with light-houses—pons of entry are nu-
merous, and millions expended for fortifications,
which, except as a mere means of expenditure of
money in favored localities, are as preposterous for
defence, as it would be to cage up a puppy to keep
him from killing a lion; all these are done, but
gentlemen are filled with horror, lest money should
be spent to facilitate the intercourse of distant
parts. Sir, a Government which will do justice and
listen to and supply the wants of the people, who
by impartial and parental care will cause those
from the Pacific to the Atlantic coast to feel that
their rights, as well as their comforts are subjects
of just regard, is a Government worth preserving,
and no other is.
Mr. Y. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOLMES renewed the amendment, and
called for a vote. -
The question was taken, and the amendment
rejected. '
Mr. CHANDLER moved the following amend-
ment:
Strike out " For compensation of ten temporary cferfrs—
two at $1 400 each, two at $L200 each, and six at $2,000
each per annum, 011,200;" and insert " For compensation
of fifteen temporary cleik^—four at $1,400 each, four-at
$1,900 each, and seven at $1,000 each."
After some conversation.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out*of
order, on the ground that its operation^vas to
change an existing law.
Mr. PHELPS moved an amendment to strike
out $97,365, and to insert in lieu thereof $70 600,
in the item for compensation of the Assistant Post-
masters General, clerks, messengers, assistant mes-
sengers, and.wa.tc.hmen of said department.
He briefly explained that the amount by which
he proposed to reduce this item,had been included
in the deficiency bill, and was, therefore, unneces-
sary here. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed it, (pro /brow,) and said,
that gentlemen might rely upon it, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had not been so inai*
tentive to their duties as to have neglected to look
at this subject. On this very point they had had
an interview with the Postmaster General; and
upon examining the deficiency bill, they were sat-
isfied that this wasnot a double appropriation. He
expressed the hope that it would, be retained.
Mr. PHELPS read a letter of the Postmaster
General, of July 29, 1850, recommending the re-
duction of the appropriation by the amount pro-
posed, and for the reasons he had stated.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agi eed to.
Mr. BAYLY, (upon a pro foima amendment,) to
show the incorrectness of theestimate made by the
chairman of the Committee on the Post-Office and
Post Roads, [Mr- Potter] of $900,000 as the ex-
pense per annum of the transportation through the
mails of free matter, cited the statement reported
from the department of 439,446 lbs. as the weight
of said matter, and said that if that amount were
reduced to ounces, and five cents per ounce were
charged for it all, (including public documents,
seeches, and newspapers,) the amount would be
only $351*000. If the great proportion of it were
charged at pamphlet and newspaper postage, as it
ought to be, his impression was, (though of course
heVould not speak with absolute certainty,) that
it would not amount to more than $100,000, He
considered these estimates of the department In
regard to the expenses of the franked matter ex-
cessively erroneous.
Mr. POTTER (upon a pro forma amendment)
said, he had made his estimate of the expenses of
franked matter (as stated by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means) from the report
of the Postmaster General. He stated the- fact,
that under the act of 1845, the postmaster of this
city was required to keep an account of the post-
age of the different departments of the Govern-
ment, and from that account it appeared that the
postage of these departments amounted to over
$555,000 annually.
Mr. BAYLY said, to make an aggregate of
$900,000 at five cents a niece would require one
hundred and eighty millions of letters.
Some further conversation occurred upon this
point between the two gentlemen.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to amend the bill in
the first section, by striking out the item 44 for com-
pensation of ten temporary clerks, two at §1,400,
and two at $1,200 each; and six at $1,000 each per
annum, §11,200," and inserting in lieu thereof; the
following:
" Tor compensation of fifteen temporary clerk?—four at
§1,40') each, lour at §1,21)0 each, and seven at $l.,000eacfr
per annum—$17,4C0."
Mr CHANDLER said he did not propose this
amendment with a view of making any remarks
beyond the simple statement, that the addition
asked for by this amendment is rendered neces-
sary by the increased force in the other-branches
of the department. For the purpose of preserving
harmony of operation, this change, therefore, was
called for. It was necessary that the Audttorof
the Post Office Department should have the in-
creased number of clerks provided by this amend-
ment, in order to keep up with the increase in the
force of the Post Office proper. 3
