436
THE- CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
names of the signers attached; which was con-
curred in. ....
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the communica-
tion of Philo White, reported in favor of the
•same; which was concurred in.
Mr. B., from the same committee, to which was
re/erred the motion to print the memorial of the
Pacific Railroad Company, reported in favor of
the same; which was concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill to establish
a Board of Accounts, reported the same back with
amendments.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked that said committee be discharged
from th$ further consideration of the petition ^)f
George Dennett, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce; which wasvagreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Charles
Larabbe, for the allowance of a pension, asked to
be discharged from its farther consideration, on
the groumfthat his case will be provided for in a
general hill; which was agreed to.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
back without amendment the bill to authorize the
payment of invalid pensions in certain cases..
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to regulate the pensions of officers, soldiers,
seamen, and marines, who have been or may
hereafter be disabled while in the service of the
United States; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
House bill to provide for recording the convey-
ances of vessels, and for other purposes, reported
the same back without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Mr. .TONE^, from the Committee on Pensions,
asked that paid committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of David
Humphries, as his case will be embraced in a
general hill; which was agree i to.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee ontiie Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to author-
ize notaries public to take and ceiufy oaths, af-
firmations, and acknowledgments in certain eases,
reported the same back wiihout amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked and obtained leave
to introduce a joint resolution relative to the pay-
ment of dividends or interest on war bounty scrip;
^jbich was twice lead and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, yesterday leported a hill to
establish a collection district, and a port of entry,
and ports of delivery at Milwaukee, in the State
of Wisconsin, (and not Mississippi, as reported
in our last,) and for other purposes.
ANOTHER PROPOSED COMPROMISE.
Mr. BELL. Mr. Piesident, I have been wait-
ing for several days for an appropriate occasion to
present to the consideration of the Senate a se-
ries of propositions connected with the distracting
question which has agitated us so long. I now
desire the courtesy of the Senate to extend to me
the privilege of making some explanations of the
resolutions which I have to present.
i owe en apology to the Senate, Mr. President,
and to the public, for being the medium of pre-
senting any series of propositions or resolutions
upon a subject which has Occupied the attention of
this body so Ions:, «nd in relation to which so
great a number of propositions have already been
submitted and commented on by*£pmlemen far
more distinguished for ability and influence in the
country than myself. And, sir, I desire to state
th f i trust that I am no taetuated mvthe slightest
degree by any petty ambition of desiring to pie-
s^nt propositions of my own; or the*t I have the
presumption to suppose that I shall be aide to
offer anything that will meet the general ac-
ceptation and approbation of this body; or, least
of ail, that I could aspire to the honor of beins: a
pac ficator. I neither pretend to, nor am I enti-
tled to that position here, or in the country, as
respects any weight to be given to any proposi-
tions I shall submit, because they come from me.
No, sir, I do not claim this consideration, and I
rather think that no particular "weight or influence
can be given to any propositions for the ad justment !
of this controversy made by any gentleman from
the South. They must come from gentlemen from
a different quarter—from the North, where the
power exists to settle this question. The only
small merit that I claim is that of being a compiler.
I cannot say that there is a single one of the prop-
ositions, which I intend to present, that is entirely
original, or one which has not passed through the
minds of at least a" dozen honorable Senators.
I do not propose, upon this occasion, to enter
into a general discussion of these distracting ques-
tions, important and interesting as they may be,
I only desire 4o submit such bnef explanations of
any suggestions contained in the resolutions which
I have to present, which may be different from
those embraced in the numerous propositions here-
tofore presented. I will not trouble the Senate by
reading more than the last clause of the short pre-
amble by which I have thought proper to preface
the propositions which 1 design to present. It is
in these words:
Whereas the joint resolution for annexing Texa* to the
United States, approved March I, 1845, contains th°, follow-
ing condition and guarantee,that is. lo sav : '• New States of'
convenient s-ize, not exceeding lour in number, in addition
to .-.aid State of Texan, and havi insufficient population, may
hereafter, by the consent of -aid Slate, be formed out of the
ferntoi v then-of, which shall he erituled to admt-j-ion under !
Ihe piovis>ions of the Federal Co> tuunon ; and Mich State* !
a* may 1>p formed out ol that poj uon oi <anl termory lung j
south of 36° 30' north latitude, commonly known a* theMi-i- j
soun compromi-e line, shall be admitted* imotheUmon with ]
or without Mavory, a- the people of eaeh State a>kmgadniH- |
moh may de-ue; and in such Stite or S?;\tes as >hatl be |
formed out of" said icrritory north ot paid Missouri comp.o-
mise line, slavery or involuntary servitude (except for
ciime) fvlial! be prohibited."
The first proposition I propose to submit, sir,
is in these words:
Resolved, That the obligation to ^omply with the condition
and guarantee above recited in good taith be distinctly re-
cognufd, and that, in part compliance with the same, as
soon as* tin- people ol Texas shall, by an act of their Legisla-
ture, signify i)i :ir as^-m, hj relucting the limits theicof
within ihe terntorv lying east of the Trinity and south of the
Red river, ami when the people of the ie«-ii1ue of the territory
chimed bv Tt-\a> Ij.mg South of the «3-lth riegiee of norih
latitude and vve-t of the Tiimtj 'hall, with the a-^ent ol
Texas adopt a constitution lepubhcau in hum, the} lie ad-
mitted into the Union upon an equal footing in all lespects
with the oiiymal States..
] do not know, Mr. President, that there has
been any desire manifested in the southern States
that a new slave State should be now admitted
into the "Union, if it were practicable, i have
seen no notice of any such desire; no manifes-
tation of any expectation even that such a propo-
sition would be otfVred. Nevertheless, sir, I am
of opinion that it would have a most salutary and
healing influence at this time throughout the whole
South. I am aware of the existence of a senti-
ment. prevalent to some extent at the South, whu h
supposes it probable—so strong is the sentiment
at the North, in the free States, against the exten-
sion of the slave power in Congress—that at any
time hereafter, when in ihe course of events this
proposition shall come directly from the people of
Texas, the guarantee and conditions of the joint
resolution refened to in the preamble will not be
complied with. They feel no assurance upon this
point.
I do not say that this expectation or this appre-
hension is justified by anything I have seen avowed
at the Noiih; ceitainlynot by anything 1 have
heard avowed in this hall; for upon this point I
must do the gentlemen of the North justice, and
say that in speaking of the comparative extent
and quantity of free and slave territory in the
United States, the large territories of Texas, em-
bracing some two or three hundred square miles,
have been uniformly pointed to as slave territory,
out of which other slave States may properly, and
without infringing upon the sentiments and opin-
ions of the North, be admitted into the Union. It
is for the purpose ot meeting and quieting this
apprehension of the South, and for the soothing
effect which the admission of such a State into the
Union now would have, thai I have thought proper
to propose it.
Again, IVlr. President, it hos been commonly
the practice of the Government heretofore, when
practicable, that when a slave State has been ad-
nutted, a new free State shooM be contempo-
raneously admitted. And so when a free State :
at the North was newly admitted, if found pracu- '
cable, a new slave State at the South came in at 1
the same time. It was upon this principle that j
Maine was severed from Massachusetts and erected
into a separate State when Missouri came in. !
Michigan and Arkansas were contemporaneously
admitted, I believe, in conformity w'ith the same
sentiment. Iowa and Florida were 1 believe ad-
mitted in the same way. Sir, I am aware that
this practice cannot be long continued. No ex-
pectation can be, or is as far as I know, indulged
by the South that it can be continued for any
lenath of time to come. But now it is proposed
to admit California as a free State. Here is a
Territory, here is a population authorizing the ad-
mission of a sla\e State,. and thus, if Texas were
to assent to the formation of the new State, the
practice might be continued up to this time at
least. I have said, sir, that no expectation of
continuing this practice which has obtained heie-
to fore can be induced by the South. Sir, what
is the prospect before the slave States on this sub-
ject? Nebraska and the Territory of Minnesota
will soon, very soon, doim two additional free
States. Oregon will present the country with four
new States ; "two very soon, and two more to fol-
low at a subsequent time. I speak advisedly on
ji this subject, from my knowledge of the territory
j' there. 'Two new free Stages will before a great
ij while be formed thpre, and two may be postponed
h to some more remote period. California and New
jj Mexico will srivp ns four new States, if not six.
|| Here, sir, at the lowest calculation, we have four
i| to Oregon, four to New Mexico and California,
!i and two to the new Territories already formed m
the northwest; to say nothing ot the territory
still further north and' west of the waters of the
Missouri, we shall have ten new free States!
And where is the equivalent to the slave States to
be found ? My first proposition is to admit one
new State now in conformity with ancient prac-
tice, which must soon be abandoned. I propose
to restrict the Slate of Texas to the territory lying
east of the Trinity «nd south of Red river; a
territory large enough to form a magnificent State—
one of the first class. The population m these
limits is altogether sufficient to authorize the forma-
tion of a State. I am advised that it is equal to
the existing ratio of representation m Congtess.
The new State proposed to be admitted into the
Union with the assent of Texas includes all the
territory now claimed by Texas lying west of the
Tiinity and south of the thirty-fourth parallel of
north latitude. The territory proposed for the
'i new State, it will he peiceived, is of very large
! extent; the population is more than sufficient to
justify the formation of a new State, exceeding the
population east of the Trinity by many thousands.
The proposition does not involve nor ask of the
North any violation of sentiment or feeling there,
unless it be one based upon a design of violating
sacred obligations, which I am sine does not ex-
ist. It is in strict conformity with the plighted
public faith of the whole country, North and
South. What forbids it, then ? Texas, Mr Pres-
ident, may not give its assent. 1 have no informa-
tion to give to the Senate upon that subject. I am
not authorized to say that any one member of the
Texas delegation in this House, or in the House
of Representatives, is prepared to give his assent
to this proposition. But, be that as it may, say
that Texas refuses her assent, yet here is a peace-
offering from the North. So far as it is calculated
to have any influence, whether it is rejected or ac-
cepted by Texas, just credit will be due to the pol-
icy and magnanimity, or rather justice of the
North, in conceding it by legislation, and making
j it depend upon the consent of the South, (of
Texas,) whether this new State shall be admitted
, into the Union.
: My next resolution, Mr. President, proposes, if
' Texas shall agree to accept the cession of all the
| unappropriated domain in the territory claimed by
! Texas west of the Colorado river, extending north
: to the 42d parallel of north latitude and to cede the
; jurisdiction and sovereignty over, together with
j the unappropriated domain of ail the territory
; claimed by Texas noith ol the 34° of north lati-
! lude. I will read the resolution. It speaks for
■ itself.
ResobeJ, That if Texas shaH ai^ee to cede, rhc United
States will accept a ce^ion of all the unappropriated do-
main in all the tenitorv claimed by Tt xas, |\ma west of the
Colorado, and extending norlh oi the 4%id parallel of north
latitnd", ami to [iav thetefm a sum not exceeding 
millions of dolhus, to lie applied in the fir-t place to the ex-
tuiyuifhment of anv portion <>i the exi-tiny puMic (It bt of
! Texa-. for The di^eiiaigi of wlm ti the Unit* d Stales aie un-
! der any obligations, unpin d or otherwise, and the remaimh r
; as Texas shall require.
Here, again, the first question presented is, will
