1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43?
Texas cede this domain for any of the purposes
intended to be accomplished by this proposition;
and the second question is, what puce should the
Government of the United States pay for it? That
][ conceive to be the main subject of inquiry. And
who, Mr. Piesident, will cavd upon that point?
And who wili calculate the value of this Union in
reference to a proposition which may secure its
harmony, perhaps its permanence?
For my part, J .regard this Union as above all
price. I know of no arithmetic by which to com-
pute the value of this Union in dollars and cents.
But gentlemen may say the Union is not in dan-
ger. Ah ! If so, then I shall be a great deal less
solicitous that these dissensions shall be quieted—
that these notes of harsh discoid whidi we hear
resounding through this hall from d; y to day shall
cease. l3ut if the Union is in no danger, if it shall
s^and, with ail its present magnificent allotment of
Siates and of great communities, is there no dan-
ger that the history of its future career will be
marked with continual jealousies, discontent, vio-
lent hatred and animosity, which will assuredly
impair its energy and strip it of half its blessings ?
These, sir, are the considerations which I wish to
present upon this point. And who will make a
difference in the estimated value of the proposed
cession between five, and even ten millions of dol-
lars, if interposed between future harmony and fu-
tu e discord, future fraternal feeling an<| future
rankling hate 5 Sir, I cannot conceive that there
can be any difficulty upon this proposition. I
mean as to the amount of the considetation pro-
posed to i e given 10 Texas.
Weil, sir, my next proposition is as follows:
Resolved, Tnat when tlie population of that portion of the
teniforv claimed by Texas, Ivms south of Liiij 34 ii par.illel
of north latitude and wt-'st of liio Colorado, Misill he equal
to th<  ratio of representation in Coni?r<s? und^r the I.T t
piecedsn? apportionment, according to ihe prnvinons ot tiie
Constitution, And the people of such Termor/ shall, with
the aVsi nt of the new State contemplated in the preceding
resolution, have adopted a State constitution republican in
■form, they be admitted into the Union as a State upon an
eoa-'il footing with the original States.
The principal point in this lesolution is the pro-
spective admission of another State, to be carved
out of the Territory of Texas, whether slave or
free to be determined by the people, ft will pro-
bably be a slave State. In regard to which I have
to remark that the apprehensions of the North on
the subject of the creation of new slave States
need not be excited by the reading of this resolu-
tion. When'admitted, it will be the last of its
race. It will and must close the account, in my
judgment, of slave States then and forever, or for
as long as this Union lasts. If this proposition
should be adopted, and this territory he admitted
into the Union as a State, there will then have
been three slave States carved out of the territory
belonging to Texas—Texas and the two new
slave States now proposed to be admitted. This
number, you will recollect, Mr. Piesident, falls
far short of the calculations of southern gen-
tlemen; of the advocates of the annexation of
Texas, when that question was presented to the
American people. Four or five slave States, it
was estimated, might and would be carved out of
that territory. Four slave States might be carved
out of that territory, because there is a country
extensive enough, rich enough, feitile enough to
sustain a population that would authoiize its di-
vision into four States; but, with the arrangement
now proposed, it would be impossible that such a
project should be ever entertained. The people of
these two States will not consent to have theii
boundaries cut down so as to reduce them to the
condition of medium sized States of this Union.
They expect to*be, and will maintain the prospect
of being, large and populous States of the Union.
Therefore, sir, there can be no prospect of the
further admission of slaveStates into the Union at
anv time. .
My next resolution proposes to incorporate all
the territory claimed by Texas north of the 34th
parallel of north latitude, and extending to the 42d
parallel of north latitude, with the Territory of
New Mexico; and that those territories united
have a form of government provided for them
suitable to the condition of the population, and
without any restriction upon the subjcct of slavery.
The resolution is in these words:
Resolved, That all the territory no>v claimed by Texas
Kin^ north of the 34th parallel of noith latitude, and which
may*be ceded tolhe United States by Texas, he incorpo-
rated with the Territory of New Mexico, except such part
thereof as lies east of the Eto Grande and south of tke 34th
parallel of north latitude, and that the territory so composed
form a State, to be admitted into the Union when the in-
habitants thereof shall adopt a constitution, republican in
form, with the consent of Congress; but in the mean time,
and until Congress shall give such consent, provision he
made for the government ot the inhabitants of said Territory
suitable to their condition, hut-without any restriction as to
slavery.
The first point which will be suggested to the
minds of honorable Senators by this resolution is,
that here is a surrender of 2| degrees of slave ter-
ritory to be thereafter free territory. The southern
boundary of these united territories east of the
Rio Grande will be 120 miles south of Santa Fe,
arid extending thence east to the western boundary
of the present Indian territory of the United States?
The point to which I wish to direct.the attention
of Senators is, that, for whatever portion of terri-
tory that may be claimed to be free, and included
in the territory proposed to be erected into a new
State west of the Trinity and south of the 34th
parallel of north latitude, there will be an equiv-
alent of slave territory surrendered, lying north
of the 34th parallel of north latitude. It will be
"remembered that the Missouri compromise line is
the parallel of 36°-30'. Thus two and a half de-
crees of slave territory will be given up to become
free, as I think Will be conceded in the candid
•judgment of all. Then, sir, all ground of opposi-
tion is taken away from this proposition, on the
part of those who may be called, the " no-inch of
new slave territory" party. 1 mean that party
who could not sleep on their pillows; or who
would prefer to see the good old ship the " Con-
stilutioii" blown i A to a thousand atoms, rather
than have one inch of what is now free territory
with their consent*polluted with slavery. 1 say
this with no ill feehn§, but meiely for the purpose
of stating slrongly that here is a lull equivalent of
slave territory given up to be made free territory,
for all that is claimed to be now included in the
boundaiies of the new States proposed to be carved
out ofTexas.
Another point worthy of consideration in this
proposition is, that it would close the controversy
between Texas and New Mexico, in regard to the
territory on the Rio Grande. It is proper to
mention that a small portion of this territory lies
south of the 34i.h parallel of north latitude, and
east of the Rio Giande, embracing a region of
little value, left to be embraced in the new State
now to be admitted. But by the acceptance of
this proposition the controversy growing out of
the Texan claim to the Rio Grande will be finally
adj usted.
The government which I have proposed for the
Territory of New Mexico thus united with that
which may be ceded by Texas, is to be one suit-
able to the condition of the people of the country,
but to be without any restriction as to slavery. It
may be a Territorial Government in the usual
form, if that is thought best, and then it will be in
conformity with the propositions of the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] with-
outthe preambleattached to his. If therebeanydif-
ficulty with regard to that, I suggest that it may
be in the form of the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Walker]
to the Senate's bill, at the last session of Congress;
or of the amendment submitted by the Committee
of Ways and Means in the House of Represent-
atives to that bill after it passed the Senate. For
every point of practical utility, either of these
propositions would suffice. For one, it is my de-
liberate judgment that whatever form of territo-
rial government be established, whether a pro-
visional or other government, with or without
restrictions in regard to slavery, there will be the
same practical result.
I know it may be asked, why object to a clause
restricting slavery, if it is certain that slavery will
never exist there in any event? I answer, because
the proposition to impose this restriction has been
the chief source of the agitation in the southern
section of the Union ever since the question was
first raised in relation to the disposition which
should be made of these Territories. The right
to impose it is questioned in the first place. And
it is justly regarded more offensive, because it is
unnecessary. It is looked upon in the light of a
wanton insult to the feelings and pride of the
South. It may still be said that slavery may find
a foothold there. While the present organization
of material creation stands, African slavery can
never find a foothold in New Mexico.
Mr. CORWIN. Why?
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator from Ohio
asks me why ? Because I say, sir, that by |be
formation of the country, it has no such adapta-
tion to agricultural fcpiployment as that "Slave
labor can ever possibly be profitable. It is a re-,
gion far more elevated than any which has ever
yet been successfully cultivated by slave labor.
It is so wholly unsuitable in every respect that
slave labor can never find profitable employment
there. The dehnand for labor in the mines will
be amply supplied by the thousands of free emi-
grants who will go there as soon as mines shall
be discovered rich enough to justify the working
of them, to say nothing of the Indian population,
which supplies the cheapest labor of all. Why,
then, upon the vague fear in tlj£ munis of gentle-
men that some contingency—the bare conjecture
of an accident now inconceivable to the imagina-
tion—should the fate of the Union, or its contin-
ued harmony, be jeoparded by insisting upon a
slavery restriction clause? Is the sentiment at the
North a mere blind impulse, having neither sense
nor reason to sustain it? If not, I should think
these remote, conjectural contingencies would by
no gentleman be made a ground for insisting upon
the introduction of this offensive restriction.
I consider this proposiiion only belter than that
submitted by the President of the United States
in his special message upon this subject in this:
that this proposition would prevent the coming in
of a new State before the people of the territory
shall be duly qualified to take upon thenifelvi s t'le
charge of self-government. The population.of
New Mexico has not increased so rapidly as was
conjectured a year ago. i believe that there are
very few Americans there now. It is mostly a
thoroughfare to the great attraction on the borders
of the Pacific. Our adventurous young men do
not stop there; they press on to California.
' I know that many southern gentlemen, for whose
opinions I entertain a high respect, say that the
Missouri compromise line should at all hazards
be adhered to. I cannot agree with them. I w ill
not enter into a discussion now upon that point. I
will oixly say, that, even if it could be obtained,
even if there could be a recognition ofslavery south
of that line, it would be a barren victory, for there
' would be no slavery there. The little patches at
El Paso del Norte, where slave labor might find
! some employment, would not offer a sufficient in-
j ducement to the slaveholder to take his property
j there. So that even if this recognition should be
conceded by the North, I insist it would be of no
v due to the South. But gentlemen say the prifP
ciple would be preserved. Sir, 1 admit there is
something in that; but of what value would it be
in reference to present acquisition or to future ac-
quisition' Where and when ? Do we not delude
ouiselves in our estimate of the value of that prin-
ciple—the Missouri compromise line ' Have we
not had enough of acquisition on the side of Mex-
ico ? Where else do we expect fuilher acquisi-
tions ' Cuba, perhaps. If Cuba ever comes^into
the Union we need not argue the question of the
: probability whether Cuba will be a slave or a free
1 State. If, in the vicissitudes of the affairs of na-
tions, Cuba should ever be presented to the United
States to be annexed to them, we all know it must
necessarily come in as a slave Stale. And in the
! contingency that the slave, population of Cuba
hould assert their freedom, it would not be a de
„irable acquisition to the people of the United
1 States, North or South. In every point of view,
then, I regard the establishment of the Missouri
compromise line as a thing of no value—a working
of benefit of no kind.
I omitted to slate in its proper place that, in the
territory lying north of the 34th parallel of north
latitude, and west of the line established between
the United States and Mexico, on the 23d meridi-
an of west longitude fiom Washington, and run-
nid«- no, th fiom Red river to the Arkansas, mere
is no population. I allude to that portion of the
territory proposed to be incorporated wiui New
Mexico which lies within the aumitted limits of
Texas It is altogether unsettled. It is merely
an onen plain, traversed by the Camanches and
the buffalo; not a white man to oe found oil it.
Mv next resolution proposes to incorporate all
the country ceded by Mexico to the United States,
lying west of New Mexico and cast of the con-
templated new State of California, in one territory.
The proposition, of course, contemplates a divi-
