1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
quiet on their farms and plantations, undisturbed
by the storm which rages around them, yet, when
leading and sober minded citizens, one after an-
other, yield to the suggestions of the more intem-
perate and excited, how soon may a whole popu-
lation be brought to rally in support of the most
violent and dangerous schemes ?
Cut, suppose it to be true, as alleged, that most
or all of these violent demonstrations are to be as-
cribed to party interests and views; to the irregu-
lar wickecl passions; to the unbridled ambition of
political aspirants; still are not these the great el-
ements of mischief, the most potent elements of
discord, dissatisfaction, and convulsion in all free
Governments; and is it no part of the duties of a
wise statesman in this country to give his atten-
tion seriously to these sources of danger to the
Republic ? And when, to the potency of these
elements of power in an attempt (as it may be so)
to overturn the Government, you superadd a deep
sense of wrong and injury, diffused among a nu-
merous class, embracing extensive sections, popu-
lous and powerful States, can you still say that it
is no part of wisdom to give any serious or grave
consideration to these combined influences ? Will
you still compose your minds to the belief that
these demonstrations are not to be regarded, be-
cause the causes which produced them are such as
-vou do not and cannot respect?
Mr. President, I have heard it suggested that
this controversy has been provoked by the South,
in their mad passion for war and conquest. Sup-
pose it is true. Is that a reason why this Union
should be put in jeopardy, on a feeling of resent-
ment'or a principle of retaliation? Forbid it,
every consideration connected with the interest
and destiny of this great country. And let me
say, too, that the North must bear a large share
of the responsibility of bringing this condition of
things upon the country; for it was by northern
votes, by northern support, that the war was
brought on out of which these new acquisitions
were made. It was in good part by northern sup-
port and countenance that these acquisitions of
new territory were insisted on and effected.
Will they now desert their brethern and allies of
the South, and say they will not come to their re-
lief in this fearful exigency produced by their
joint counsel and united efforts.
Mr. President, the main pillar upon which the
Union rests for its preservation has its foundation
in the mutual confidence, the ties of reciprocal
interest, and fraternal regard between its differ-
ent members and sections. These have been the
essential elements of that noble sentiment of loy-
alty to the Union which has hitherto preserved it
unscathed and unhurt amid all the storms that
have assailed it. Let this" sentiment of loyalty be
once materially impaired; let this cord, strong as
it may be, yet of the finest and most delicate tex-
ture, and now strained to the highest point of ten-
sion, by any untoward act of violence or rash
policy be snapped—its grappling on the hearts of
the people in any of their great sectional divisions
unloosed and broken—from that moment, sir, tne
question of the preservation or of the destruction
l- ■ tt • :n   n rational inter-
of the Union will cease to inspire a
est If it is preserved, its existence will be nom-
inal; its blessings and advantages a mockery-
How long is it since we have seen a mere handrul
of men—I will not call them fuctionists m an
offensive sense, hut in the legitimate sense—m the
House of Representatives, interposing between
the two great and legitimate parties of the country,
and preventing the organization of the House, and
delaying the whole business oflegislation for an
entiie month ? Let such a spirit as that be once n
under a common banner; nor by a world-wild fame:
nor by all these united, if, by any act or scheme
of policy deliberately planned, any great principle
of common and equal justice as between the differ-
ent sections of the Union should be wantonly and
flagrantly violated. ^ _ «
Mr. President, I purpose at this time to say no
more upon this subject. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] for having trespassed
so long upon his courtesy, and of the Senate for
having taxed their patience. I'propose that these
resolutions be laid upon the table, and that they
be printed. Whether I shall move the further
consideration of them at any future time will not
depend upon me so much as upon the favor with
which the Senate may be disposed to regard
them.
The resolutions were then sent to the Secre-
tary's desk, and were ordered to be printed, as
follows:
YVherea* oonsideiations of the highest interest to the
whole country demand that the existing and increasing dis-
sensions between the Noith and the South 011 the subject of
slavery should be speedily arreted, and that the questions
in controversy be adjusted upon some basis which shall
(end to give present quiet, repiess sectional animositni*5, re-
move, a<? far as possible, the causes of future discord, and
secure the uninterrupted enjovment of tho<e benefit* and
advantages which the Union was intended to confer m
equal measure upon fill its members:
i- And whereas,it is manifest, under presenteircumstances,
*that 110 adjustment can be effected ol the points of differ-
ence unhappily existing between the noithern and southern
sections of the IJnton connected with the subject of slaveiy
which shall secure to cither section all that is contended
for, and that mutual concession upon questions of mere
policy, not involving the violation of any constitutional
ri®ht'or principle, must be the basis of every project aliord-
iif" any assurance of a favorable acceptance :
Anil whereas the joint ievolution for annexing Texas to
the United States, approved March 1,1845, contains the fol-
lowing condition and guarantee, that is to say: " New States
< of convenient stze, not exceeding foiu m number, in ad-
< dition to said Sute of Te*«w, and having sufficient popu-
< lation, may hereafter, by the consent of said State, be
< formed out of the leintory thereof, which shall be en-
4 tilled to admission undet the provisions of the Fedeial
'Constitution; and such States as may be foimed out o(
< that poition of said teiri'ory lying south of U6 degress 30
< minutes north latitude, commonly, known as the Missouri
f compromise line,shall be admitted into the Union with oi
< without slavery, as the people of each State asking ad-
' minion may desire ; and in such State or States as shall
« be formed out of said terntoiy north of said Missouri com-
< pronrse line s-laverv or involuntary servitude (except lor
I £ crime) shall be prohibited." Therefore—
| l. Resolved, That the obligation 10 comply with the con-
I dition and guarantee above recited m good l.uth be di-tm'-tlv
recognised, and that in part compliance with the same, as
! soon as the people of Texas shall, by an act of their Legis-
' lature, signify their absent by leslueting the limns thereof
within the territory Iving east of the Trinity and south of
the Red river, and when the people of the residue of the
territory claimed by Texas, lying south of the 34ih degree
of north latitude and west ol the Trinity, shall, with the as-
sent of Texas, adopt a constitution republican in form, they
be admitted into the Union upon an equal footing in all re-
spects with the original States.
2. Resolved, That if Texas shall agree to cede, the United
States will accept a cession of all the unappropriated domain
in all the teiritory claimed by Texas lvmg we*t of the Col-
orado, and extending north of the 4<>d pmallel of north
latitude, and to pay therefor a «ura not exceeding 
millions of dollars, to be applied in the first place to the ex-
tinguishment ot any portion of the existing public debt of
Texn* f r the di^chaige of which the United Slates are
under'any obligations, implied or otherwise, and the le-
mainder as Texas shall require.
3. Resolved, That when the population of that portion of
the territory claimed by Texas, lying south of the 34th pai-
allel of noith latitude and west ot the Colorado, shall be
euua! to the ratio of representation in Congress, under the
la^t preceding apportionment, according to the piovhions of
Uie COnSllllllUm , aiiu tii'^   j  ,
with the assent of the new State contemplated in the pre-
ceding resolution, have adopted a State constitution, repub-
lican in form, they be admitted into the Union as a Stale
upon an equal footing with the oiigmal States, ,,
4 Resolved, That all the territory now claimcd bv Texas, j,
lvin* north of the3hh paiallel of north latitude, and which i
maybe ceded to the United States b\ Texas, be incorporated
with the territory of New Mexico, except«uch patt thereof ;
enuie uiuuu,;   ;j R, lies ea«t of the Rio Grande and fouth of the 34th paiallel •
flitfnw] nmone the Representatives of nearly halt , f th ^tunde, and that the territory so composed form a ;
ttmuseu union* _ . Qn„ si glatc tf) b(> artm,tle(i ulto the Union when the inhabitants ,
theieof shall adopt a constitution, republican m fonn, with
the Union, and your Government is as effectually
paralyzed and defeated of its object-as though this j
the consent of Congiess; but in the meantime, and until
tutions by the inhabitants of the Territories of the United
States be regulated by law/and that no such constitution,
be hereafter formed or adopted by the inhabitants of any
territory belonging to the United States without the con-
sent and authority of Congress.
8. Resolved, That the inhabitants of any territory of the
United States, when they shall be autlionzed by Congress
-to form a State constitution, shatl have the sole and exclu-
sive power to reyulate and adjust all questions of" internal
State policy, of whatever nature they tnay be, controlled '
only hy the restrictions expressly imposed by the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
9. Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to report a bill in conformity with the spirit and
principles of the foregoing resolutions.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HAMLIN. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the Presi-
dent's message on the subject of California. 1 do
it only for the purpose of assigning a day for its
consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have a sug-
gestion to offer, which I might as well make now
as at any other time. 1 rise, on the part of my
colleag#, to make a request of the Senate, that he
shall be allowed an opportunity, at one o'clock on
Monday next, to present his views to the Senate
on the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] which I believe were made the special
order for to-day. He has been affected for some
time by the cold weather of the season*, and within
the last few days has greatly recovered, though,
in the estimation of his friends, it has not been
thought advisable that he should attempt to deliver
his viewtt in the Senate, and he has therefore re- .
quested me, to ask the Senate to allow him—he of
course being present—the privilege of having his
remarks read by some friend at that hour. With
these remarks 
Mr. DICKINSON. No motion is required; the
mere request is enough.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well, I am satisfied if
such shall be considered the general understanding
of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to express my hearty con-
currence in the suggestion, and 1 hope that, with-
out its being necessary to make an entry of the
fact on the journals, it will be unanimously consid-
I ered that the request of the eminent and distin-
! guished Senator, whose absence from the Senate is
' cause of the most unfeigned regret, is at once ac-
' corded. It requires no entry on the journals.
Mr. KING. I trust the simple suggestion will
be considered as sufficient, and that no formal mo-
tion will be required to go on the journal. There
can be no doubt the Senate will hear with great
pleasure the views of the distinguished Senator,
whether read by his colleague or delivered by him-
self. I hope the Senator will have the power to
be present himself; but if not, then I am willing,
as is no doubt the Senate, that some friend shall
read his views for him, even if he is not present.
Mr. CLAY. Undoubtedly.
The motion of Mr. IIasilin to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the President's message on
the subject of California until Tuesday next was
then agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the compromise resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, (Mr. Clay.)
Mr. WALKER. Before the Senator from
Texas takes the floor, I wish, as 1 understand it is
his intention to speak to the resolutions generally,
to offer an amendment to the second resolution of
the Senator from Kentucky.
! Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to yield the
1 floor for that purpose merely. [His speech will
! be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALKER. 1 have no disposition to oe-
'■ cupv it, except to offer an amendment to the
second resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
to which I will call his attention. I propose to
Union were, in terms dissolved. ,
I have heard other remedies, other reliances, 1 j
will not say what, alluded to in private conversa-
tion for the preservation of theUnion—alluded to,I
think, upon no great consideration. But, sir, tins
Union can never be preserved by enforced obser-
vance of its obl;Sat;°ns-,p^"rl®4?aLeLfD7Ml !; rtiti'on'ofVhe inhabitants be provided without any restriction | ^"'"^^"b^inserUng'after the word
are not competent to it undei ciicumstanc^es^ot^peril (j ast0,lavery.   _   ,! ""fifMme. the words "without positive en-
Congress shall give such consent,provision be made for the to which I win ca t the
government of the inhabitants ot said Teruto.y, suitable to i, amend the second lesolution by inserting
their condition, hut without any restriction as to slavery. ., wor(jg but has been abolished and proniDlieci 10
5. Resolved, That all the territory ceded to the United 1Prw,ththeslave trade,"after the word "law.
States by the treatv of Guadalupe Hidalgo, lying wr-n of said , ?et''e .. bv strikin<* out the word "IS,"
Territory of New Mexico and east of the contemplated new j, in the fiist line by s .= ,j b staying
State of California, for the present continue one lerntory, . Kri(J insertlllg "can, in the same , V §
and for which some toim of government suitable to the con- ; t (he W0H|S " likely to in the first and „econa
   • - > —* -   ^ ^ . Qfter fhf  Wfllfl *' iVLeXICOj
like the present. No, sir, this Union cannot be |
meserved by all the sacred associations or tradi- |
tionary references derived from its early history; j
nor bv a regard to obligations contracted in the
most solemn and imposing forms, and attested by
the most venerated names; nor by glory won
u. RaoIve4, That the constitution recently formed by the
people of the western portion of California, and piesented
to Congress by the i'J evident on the 13th day ot February,
3850, be accepted,and that they be admitted into the Union
asa State upon an equal footing in a\l respects with the
original States. .
7. Resolved, That in future the foimation of State consti-
,n the third line, the words . _
actments;" so that, thus amended, the resolution
will read as follows :
"Resolved., That as slavery does not exist by law, but has
been abolkhei arvl prohibited, together Kith, the slave 'ra^e,
a-niTcannot (is not likely to) be, introduced into any of the
