1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLoM.
Mi-
Push on your schemes of a five y«ars' monopoly
of the whole naval market for hemp—they, would
be of short duration. If the West coukt" not be
left alone in her great staple, she might, in turn,
direct her attention to drawbacks and fishing boun-
ties. *
Mr. MARSHALL rose to offer some remarks,
but yielded the floor for an explanation.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, rose and said,
I desire to Shy, with the permission of my col-
league, [Mr. Marshall,] before he proceeds, that
I hold in my hand the report of the Secretary
of the Navy, furnished this House some time
since, upon this subject; and that report shows
that of the eighty-eight tests of the strength of
American water-rotted hemp made at Charles-
town, although many went above the present
standard, but nine came up to the increased stand-
ard proposed by the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine.
Mr. MARSHALL then addressed the House
in remarks of very considerable length, (the pub-
lication of which is necessarily deferred for the
Appendix.)
Mr. INGE rose to inquire of the Speaker what
would be the effect of the previous queslion ?
The SPEAKER explained what the effect would
he, but subsequently modified the statement as
hereafter mentioned.
Mr. INGE demanded the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked Mr. I.
to waive the.motion to enable him (Mr. S.) to say
a few words.
Mr. BOCOCK made a similar request, with a
view of the admission of certain amendments.
Mr. INGE adhered to his motion.
Some conversation followed on points of
order, in which Messrs. THOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, MARSHALL, INGE, BOWLIN, and
the SPEAKER participated.
The SPEAKER then stated that the effect of
the previous qyestion would be as follows: where
an amendment has been reported from a commit-
tee, (as in the present case,) and a motion In com-
mit is pending, the effect of the previous question'
would be, first, to bring the House to a vote upon
the amendment reported by the committee, and
then upon the motion to refer. Ihe effect, there-
fore, of the previous question in the present case
will be to bring the House to a vote on the amend-
ment offered, under instructions from the Com:
mittee on Naval Affairs, by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Gerry;] and afterwards, whether
the amendment is agreed to or not, on the motion
to commit. If the motion to refer should fail,
then the question will be on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed for a third reading.
The question was tlvn taken, " Will the House
second the demand for the previous question >"
and was decided in the negative without a division.'
So there was no second.
The question then again recurring on the mo-
tion to commit the bill and amendment to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said, thafmuch
of what had been said by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] as well as hy ihe gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Vlr. Bowlin,] must have
been addressed, as he should show the House, to
that very respectable auditory usually known as
Buncombe. A great deal had been said about a
monopoly in this matter. He proceeded to show
that the charge was unfounded, and to argue that
the contract system was the best system by which
the Government could obtain hemp of the requisite
quality. If it were bought in open market, in
small quantities from the farmers, it would not be
of the quality required. He referred to the fact
stated by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] that but of fifty six parcels furnished,
only nine answered the increased test proposed,
sod stated that of fourteen parcels furnished by
Mr Billings, some run up as high as 5,400
pounds, while all were above the test required by
the Government. The reason of this he explained
to be, that Billings prepared his hemp by a new
and peculiar process, which enabled him to furnish
hemp superior to most American hemp not only,
but to all the foreign hemp-heretofore purchased by
the Government. Farmers furnishing it m smalj
parcels could not pr-pare it by this new process
as cheaply, and so as to answer as high a test.
Mr MOREHEAD inquired of Mr. Stanton
(he reason why, if the hemp furnished by Mr.
Billings were so superior to all other hemp, he
was afraid to meet the producers in fair compe-
tition in the open market?
Mr. STANTON said the que'stion was very
easily answered. Mr. Billings had already come
in competition, in the fairest possible mode, with
all the world. The bids for the contract were not
limited to any amount; under the advertisement
they could be made for ten, twenty, fifty, or any
number of tons, up to six hundred. Mr. Bil-
lings had bid for the whole amount, and at the
lowest price, and had thus been placed in compe-
tition with the whole world.
This resolution, if passed, he contended, would
not benefit the constituents of the gentleman from*
Kentucky or of thegentleman from Missouri. This
system had been'tried, and found inefficient. The
true reason why American hemp had not been
used in the navy was, because the American farm-
ers had not understood the mode of properly
preparing water-rotted hemp. The inducement of
a large contract was necessary to bring individuals
to embark m the business, and prepare the hemp
on scientific principles, so as to bear the test re-
quired.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. McClernand,
Mr. STANTON said that $*241 was the average
•price which had been paid for the last five years
for foreign hemp. What the material was worth
in its raw state he did not know. But that was
an inquiry of no importance whatever.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired jf the gentleman
knew the price which the farmer received for the
water-rotted hemp ? #
Mr. STANTON replied in the negative.
Mr. MARSHALL said $225; while under the
contract system the Government had to pay about
$240.
Mr. STANTON said: No, the aveiage paid
by the Government to this contractor was but
#217 97.
He proceeded to say that experience showed,
if the Secretary were turned into open market,
the experiment of purchasing from the farmers in
smalt quantities would prove unsuccessful, as it
had heretofore proved, and then he would go to
Boston and buy the foreign article, or enter into
some other contract similar to this.
In reference to raising the standard from 4,200
to 4,400 pounds he was not particular; it was a
suggestion of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Gerry,] not of his. But it w.as well known that
very frequently the safety of a ship depended upon
the strength of a single rope. It was, therefore,
of the utmost importance that the hemp furnished
the navy bear as high a test as possible. He ex-
pressed surprise at the gentleman from Kentucky
arguing against raising the test. The height of
the test which hemp would bear did not depend,
as some gentlemen seemed to think, upon the lo-
cality in which it grew, or upon the character of
the land, but upon the modeof preparing it—upon
the process by which it was brought into the
state to be twisted into ropes. Now the peculiar
process adopted by this contractor showed, what
he would like to state to the House, that western
hemp might be brought up nearly to 6 000 pounds
upon aiope one and three-fourths inches m cir-
cumference. He thought, therefore, that gentle-
men should not object to raising it fron 4,200 to
4,400 pounds. His object in advocating it was to
favor the American hemp, believing that it would
bear the increased standard, while the foreign
article generally would not.
In regard to Mr. Billings's contract, he (Mr. S )
felt very little interest whether it was adopted and
enforced by the House or not. His application
having; been referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and they required to report upon it, had
reported favorably; believing Mr. Billing*, under
the advertisement of the Secretary of the Navy, to
have been the lowest bidder, and therefore entitled
to the contract. He was perfectly well satisfied that
whether the House gave *the contiact to Mr. Bil-
lings or not, somebody would get it, and perhaps
it would be then Tod & Crittenden, (a son of John
J. Crittenden.) whose bid had come within 58
of Mr. Billings's—upon which the Attorney Gen-
eral had entered into a minute calculation, or rather
a guess, that if the interest were added to the price
stated by Billings, it would make it higher than
the bid of Mr. Crittenden. But he (the Attorney
General) was mistaken: for when the interest was
added to Billings's bid it was still lower than Crit-
tenden's. The great objection on the part ofgenlle-
men—without intending to brrrig any charged
against them—seemed to be that Billings's bid was
lower than that of Crittenden.
Mr. GREEN said that his constituents Were
perhaps as largely interested in the production of
hemp as the constituents of any gentleman on
this floor. But the object of the Government had
been, and he believed was* to get that material
in sufficient quantity to supply the use of the
navy, and in so doing, to "grant what incidental
benefit they could to the farmer. From the best
examination which had been made in regard to
hemp, it had been proved, beyond the possibility
of doubt, that American hemp, Kentucky hemp,
Missouri hemp, Illinois hemp, might be, could
be, had been so manufactured as to stand a tes,t
even superior to the Russia imported hemp;
surpassing it in durability, surpassing it in
strength, and in all useful purposes for .which it
was demanded in the Navy Department. The ques-
tion njr came up for consideration in this form.
We knew we must pay—according to the average
prices for the last five years—$241 per ion. We
now paid this amount to foreigners or to importing
merchants who speculated upon foreigners and
upon the Government for an article which, upon
an inch and three-quarter rope, weighed 1,200
pounds. The question now was, whether' we
should continue to pay this price for the foreign
article of this quality, or pay the same price to
the Kentuckian, the Misspurian, the- Illinoisian,
or, in more general terms, to the American, for
hemp which, upon the same sized rope, would
stand the test of 4,400 pounds. This resolution
presented this question 
Mr. CROWELL interposed, anPinquired if
the morning hour had not expired ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
After some conveisation,
Mr. GREEN yielded the floor; and
The resolution went over until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. CROWELL moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the ^^lole on the state
of the Union.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS rose a,nd said that this was one
of the days devoted by the rules of this House to
the consideration of private business. A consid-
erable portion of the session had passed away,
and not one day had yet been given to hilts of that
character. With a view to take up the private
calendar, he moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said that, on private bill day,
the motion first in order would be the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Thomas.]' If
that should be rejected, the question would then
he on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Crowell,] that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the question having been taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. Thomas, and, by ayes 78, noes 49,
decided in the affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. McClernand in the Chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of bills on the pri-
vate calendar, under the restrictions contained in
the following rule, (numbered 30:)
'■ On the and fourth Friday of each month, the cal-
endar of private hills shall be called over, (the« hairman of
tin; Committee of the Whole House commencing the. call
wheie he left off the pr< vious (lay,) and the bill-, to the
pa^aae of which no objection shall then be made, shall be
first consulted and deposed ol."
The following bills, to which no objection was
made, were ordered to be laid aside to be reported
to the House, viz:
A bill for the relief of Wiljiam B. Crews;
A bill for the relief of Charles Ah'renfeJdt and
John F. H. Voght;
A bill for the relief of William Paddy;
A bill for the relief of Gideon Walker;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Sutfon;
A bill for the Relief of E. Pavenstadt and F. A,
Schumacher;
A bill for the relief of Ferguson and Milhardo;
A bill for the relief of Richard H. Barrett;
A bill granting a pension to Avery Downer;
A hill for the relief of Captain Henry F. Evans;
A bill for the relief of George Cassady;
* A bill for the relief of Benjamin P. Smith; and
A bill for the relief of Lewis Hastings.
