1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44S
rial of the Legislature of that StatfcAsking the es-
tablishment of an additional district court of the
United States in said State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered, That the papers of Sarah Coodey be taken from
the files and referredAto the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. RUSK,
Ordered, That William L. Cazeau Jiave leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Mayor of St. Louis, presented on
the 25th February, reported against the same;
which was concurred in.
'Mr. SMITH, from the same committee, to
which was referred the motion to print the com-
munication received yesterday from the Secretary
of the Interior relative to the proceedings of the
commission to run and mark the boundary be-
tween Mexico and the United States, reported in
favor of the same; which was concurred in.
BILL INTRODUCED OTsT LEAVE.
Mr. DOUGLAS, m pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to reduce
and define the boundary of the military reserve at
the St. Peter's liver, in the Territory of Minne-
sota, and to secure the rights of the actual settlers
thereon; which was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
' Mr. DOWNS gave notice of a bill to author-
ize the issue of patents for certain private land
claims. •
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. WHITCOMB submitted the following
resolution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, '] hat the President of the United States be re-
. queued to transmit to the senate copies of ail tbaraes or
complaints, if any, preferred or exhibited against Abel C.
Pepper, who has recently been iemoved from the ollice of
marshal of the district of Indiana, and to inform the Sen-
ate whtther he has had an opportunity of being heard
thereon.
Mi^SEBASTIAN" submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolced, That the Committee on the Post Office arid Po?t
Roads be mstiueted to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a ssemi-inontbly or monthly mail between Foit
Smith, in the State of Arkansas, and Santa Fe, in the Ter-
ritoiy of New Mexico ; and repoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved* That the Committee on Piinting be directed to
inquire into the causes of the delay in furnishing the Senate
with the President's message and accompanying documents,
and the repoit of the Secret uy of tiie Treasury, which have
been ordeied to be primed (or the use of the Stuatt, and to
report the &ume to tlie Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution, which lies over :
Revolved, That tiie President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of all the
chaises winch have been prefeiredag.unsH John H. IVkKcn-
n*v laic f-utlcr at Fort Games, Minnesota Ttrutory; to-
gether with all the papeis touching the removal ot &aid
Mciveimey.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resoh-ci, Tli.it the becietary of the Interior be directed
to luinis-li to the Semite a statement of the quantity ot land
gold, and ihe amount ot money received therefoi,at each
of the land ofnees 111 the United States, during the last thiee
vent,.; together wuh the e.\p«;n?<s of each ot said otnees,
and the quantity ot land now remaining unsold theiein; and
th.it lie also state whether, m his opfwn, any of said
offices can he dispensed with, without detument to the pub-
],c interest; and, if so, to winch ol "if adjoiinng 'aiid 'tis-
tricts- the land theiein lemaunng unsold should be attached
for purposes of sale.
The.Senate then went into Executive session;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were re-opened, and the Senate adjourned to Mon-
day-    - .
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 4, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. HARALSON introduced to the House Mr.
Joseph W. Jacksos, member elect from the first
Concessional District of the State of Georgia,
(vice Mr. Thomas B. King, resigned;) who was
qualified and took his seat.
CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER announced the regular business
of this day to be the resolution heretofore intro-
duced by Mr. Doty, instructing the Committee on
Territories to report a bill providing for the admis-
sion of California into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States, with her present con-
stitution, boundaries, &.c.
Mr. DOTY rose and said : The House having,
on a previous day, unanimously permitted me to
introduce before the Committee of the Whole, a
bill for the admission of California into the Union,
containing the entire object sought by this resolu-
tion, and that bill being now first in order on its
passage, I withdraw the resolution.
The only purpose of my resolution if accom-
plished by the bill; the measure has gained time
by its introduction; and there would therefore be a
manifest impropriety in pressing the consideration
of the resolution upon the House, to the delay, of
the public business.
In its piesent shape the subject is open to debate,
and to such amendments as gentlemen may pro-
pose; and when the tune shall come for the iinal
vote, it will be on the admission of the State with
her constitution and her boundaiiesas claimed by
her.
I desire also to say, that the demand which was
made for the previous question was not for the
purpose of preventing debate, but strictly in ac-
cordance with the practice of the House, to obtain
the immediate consideration of the proposition.
The effect of it was, to adjourn the debate to the
bill itself when it should oe reported by the com-
mittee, and to which 1 thought the debate ought
to be confined. #
Mr. INGE rose and objected to the gentleman
pioeeeding with his remarks.
Bo the resolution was withdrawn.
HARBOR OF BALTIMORE.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
rules be suspended, and tluit the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order of the day.
The SPEAKER. The House has made a spe-
cial oider for this day of a bill which has been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, The title of the bill will be read.
The title of the bill was read as follows:
"A hill to continue m iorct' the aet theiein mentioned,
relating to the purtot Baltimore."
Mr. McLANE said he did not expect that the
bill would occupy the attention of the committee
for moie than ten minutes.
Mr. JONES said that before the question was
put, he would ask the gentleman fiorn Maryland
[Mr. McLane] to waive his motion, so as to allow
a motion to be made that the rules be suspended
for the purpose of making the spccml-message of
the President, m relation to California and the
constitution of California, the special order of t|ie
day.
The SPEAKER said that the subject to which
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] re-
ferred, was now the regular business before the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
and therefore first in order except where a special
order had been made. And a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was always in order.
And the question having "been taken was, by
ayes 69, noes 55, decided in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Strong,
of Pennsylvania, in the Chair.)
Mr. McLANE moved that the committee take
up the bill which he had indicated.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee proceeded to the consideiauon of the bill to
continue in force the act therein mentioned, rela-
ting to the poit of Baltimore.
The bill having been read—
Mr. McLANE said, this was an act to continue
in force an act of the Slate of Maryland, laying a
I tonnage duty of two cents per ton upon ves&elsen-
j tenng the port of Baltimore. This act of the
State of Maryland had been lenewed by the con-
' sent of Congress, from time to time, since the
j year 1800; it would now expire in June, 1850; for
| that reason the Committee on Commerce had
1 authorized him to fix an early day for the consid-
| eration of this bill. Mr. McL. said he hoped the
committee would pass the bill at once. It had
nothing whatever to do with the general measures
adopted by the General Government for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors—this tonnage
duty was laid for the special purpose of assisting
the city of Baltimore in keeping tjfie artificial basin
of that port dredged and .cleaned. This tonnage
duty, since 180Q* had yielded from two to five thou-
sand dollars per annum, amounting in the aggre-
gate to $108,945 99—to this sum the city of, Bal-
timore had contributed in addition, §486,300, by-
yearly appropriation, averaging from five to thirty
thousand dollars per annum. >,
This sum was used exclusively for the artificial
basin of the port of Baltimore, and had no refer-
ence whatever to the general navigation of the river
Patapsco, or to the bills passed, from time to time,
by Congiess, for the improvement of harbors and
rivers, in ull which bills appropriations were made
for the general improvement of the river and har-
bor of Baltimore. This particular and artificial ba-
sin was a great accommodation and convenience
to the commerce of the city, which could well con-
tribute tins light tax for the facilities afforded by
this b^ifc.
Mr. rocL. said, he would conclude with a mo-
tion to lay this bill aside to be reported to the
House, and he hoped there would be no objection
to this motion.
No amendment having been proposed, the ques-
tion on the motion of Mr. McLane was taken and
decided in the affiimative. ,
Mr. VINTON suggested that the bill should be
laid aside, and that the committee should resume -
the consideration of the special message gof the
President relating to California.
Mr. McLANE said, he should assent with great
pleasure to that proposition if it were the sense of
the committee. His object in moving that the
committee rise was, that the House^might, if so
disposed, proceed with the regular order of busi-
ness for this day, which had been temporarily set
aside by the special order.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to be informed from
what committee the bill which had just been acted
upon had been reported.
Mr. McLANE. The bill was reported from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GIDDINGS hoped, heflifd, the committee
would take up the California message.
Mr. McLANE inquired of the Chair whether
the question had been taken?
The CHAIR answered in the affirmative.
Mr. McLANE said, if it were the sense of the „
committee to remain in committee, he would move
to proceed to the consideration of the bill from the
Senate to provide for the repair and improvement
of the dam at the head of Cumberland Island in
the Ohio River. That bill had been reported from
the Committee on Commerce. It was necessary
that it should be passed upon at an early period, in
order that the work might go on at this season.
Mr. SACKETT inquired of the Chair whether
there was not a motion pending to take up the
California message?
The CHAIR said, yes; and that was the first
motion in order.
Mr. PECK inquired if it was in order to move
that the committee rise ?
The CHAIR assented.
Mr. PECK, remaiking that this was resolution
day, moved that the committee rise ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, hoped, he
said, that the committee would rise. This was res-
olution day, and no opportunity would a^ain be
presented for the introduction of resolutions for
two weeks.
Tne question was stated to be on the motion
that the committee lise.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo and
Ogle were appointed.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Peck; and, b.y ayes 5-i, noes 77, was decided
in the negative. *
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then stated to be on the mo-
tion of Mr. McLane that the House proceed to
the consideration of the bill concerning the Cum-
berland Dam. .
Mr VINTON suggested that it would be ne-
cessary in ihe first place, before the question could
be taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] to take a vole on lay-
ing aside the California bill. The special order
of4he day having been disposed of, the California
bill was the next business in order.
The CHAIRMAN saidlie understood that the
