THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1850.
New Series.,
..No. 97.
pridtions for the different branches of the public
service. Prior to the act of 1836, reorganizing the
Post Office Department, there were no estimates
submitted,'nor appropriations made for that ser-
vice; hut the Postmaster General went on from
year to year, managed the business, made con-
tracts, and paid out the post office funds without
appropriation, and pretty much without the con-
trol of law. In 1836, the act reorganizing the Post
Office Department required the funds to be paid
into the Treasury, and also required the Post-
master General to submit annual estimates for
the various branches of the service. From that
time to the present, Congress had followed the
practice of requiring specific appropriations for
this, as well as for the other branches of the pub-
he service. This year the Postmaster General had
come before the committee and stated that it would
be better to make the appropriations in a lump—in
the aggregate—than in particular sums; and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Menns
had yesterday undertaken to sustain that position,
on the giound that more money than was appro-
priated might be required for the transportation of
the mails, or for deputy postmasters, or any other
particular branch, and that the postmaster could
not have it if this mode were not adopted This
argument would apply with equal, if not with
greater, force to the appropriations for the army
or the navy. Congress could not be too cautious—
they could not be too circumspect; and there cer-
tainly could be no harm done by making the ap-
propriations specific; whilst, if they were permit-
ted to stand in the aggregate, the Postmaster
General might apply what amounts of money he
pleased to transportation, or what amounts he
pleased to deputy postmasters. He might apply
the whole appropriation to one branch of "the public
service, and leave others unsupphed, if he thought
proper to do so. It seemed to him (Mr. J ) that
this was a retrograde and not a progressive policy.
It was in fact putting us fifty years back. He
hoped the amendment would prevail, and that gen-
tlemen who were so anxious to sustain things as
they were, would come forward and vote for it.
He withdrew the amendment (at the request of
Mr. Bayly.)
Mr. BAYLY renewed it. His friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] he said, inquired what
reason there could be for making the appropria-
tions for the Post Office Department in lump, and
why the same principle might not apply to the
army and the navy. As to the estimates for the
army and navy, they were susceptible of precise
ascertainment, or nearly so. The pay of the offi-
cers, the amount of rations, all the expenses were
so well ascertained, that experienced officers in
the department could estimate the expense under
each head within a few dollars. But in the Post
Office Departmeut it was different. Take, for in-
stance, the pay of postmasters. ft was regulated
by law; but the precise sum could not be fixed,
as was the pay of the officers of the army. It
was a per centage upon postage. That was con-
stantly fluctuating. In a year when there was
constant excitement in the public mind—as in the
year of the pt evidential election—the p*y of post-
masters exceeded the ordinary amount. Take
another year, different in character, and the
amount would fall short. So it was with many
other items; they were constantly fluctuating; and
hence it was that the department had to estimate
under every head for more than might he wanted,
in oider to be certain that it had enough. He
House of Reprkssenta.tives, Jlug. 6, 1S30.
Messrs. Editors: I wi^h to say that I voted yesterday,
in one in-stance, under a misvippn-jheitMon of fact*. I .«< e,
from your report of the proc^-dma-, mat it was stated bv
Mr Pkkston King, ofNmv Yoik,~ihat it the regular order
of hu^iutis-. could be proceeded with, one o! the iientlemen
ftom Wi-or^m, who would be ciitith d 10 the would
introduce a hill 'or the admi.-^ton of California. Ovvmjf to
(he po-iiion of my seat, and to the low voice hi which Mr.
King spoke, t did n< i h«<tr w lint he said. If I had heaid
hi- ^tiiteinent I should have voted against going ii'to Com-
mittee ot the Whole, in oider to allow a Cahiutrna bill to be
inttoduced; a-. 1 had vuttd, immediately before, (a* maybe
seen by the iecord,) to suspend the rules for the «:une pur-
pose. Veiy trulv yours, &e., &o., HOKASE MANN.
97
would not detain the committee with any further
remarks, but would substitute for his own speech a
fetter from a former Postmaster General, Amos Ken-
dall, written at the time he was in office, and which
he (Mr. B.) would ask might be read. That letter
had been endorsed by subsequent postmasters.
The Clerk here read the letter referred to. It is
the same as that introduced by Mr. Bayly in his
speech yesterday.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
I Air. JONES, (to Mr. Bayly.) Was the rec-
j ommendcUion contained in that letter ever adopted
| by Con°;  ess ?
I Mr. BAYLY It was not.
j Mt. VENABLE renewed the amendment. He
; said: Mr. Chai rman, as an advocate of cheap post-
| age, [ shallsupport theamendmentof thegeritleman
I from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes ] My observation
| has taught me, that strict responsibility and speci-
fic appropriations for specific duties are best calcu-
1 lated to secure economy. Economy in theexpend-
| itures is the sure way of enabling the Government
! to afford cheap postage, at the smallest expense
| A general appropriation is not so easily understood
I in the details of vauous disbursements, as if each
j branch of duty had its own appropriation ascer-
! tamed. The best security for faithful as well as
I economical expenditure of public money, is to
| render the accounts as simple as possible, and thus
make the principle of responsibility sensibly felt.
I If the money appropriated should be insufficient
! for any purpose designated, let the department
I come with a deficiency bill, as has been done m
j other instances. 1 do not perceive the propriety I
| of the doctrine, that the Post Office must nccessa- j
! rily support itself. It is not wise statesmanship
! to limit the amount of such accommodation ps the
i Post Office affords to the income of the department.
! It is often the best policy to expend money, m or-
i der to render that profi.able which may be before
j that time unproductive. Every citizen of the
' United States is entitled to the benefits of this
useful provision for the diffusion of information,
the cultivation of social intercourse, and the ad-
vance of civilization.
I repeat a remark made on yesterday, that there ;
seems to be great disinclination to grant the con ven- !
ience of mads to the people of the United States, but |
no hesitation in the expenditure of millions on other •
subjects of an interest and value far less general |
and important. I am an advocate of as near an J
approximation to free trade «*s possible, consistently ,
with a sound system of finance; and gentlemen i
misunderstand me if they suppose*~that I am in- i
chned to advocate the measure under consideration j
in order to place the Post Office on the Treasury, i
and give a pretext for a high protective utnfT to .
raise revenue. It is amusing to perceive how little |
confidence gentlemen have m their own opinions. 1
The same gentlemen who tell us that a low tariff j
is a measure calculated to increase the revenue,
discover that a low tariff on letters is calculated
to curtail the income of the department, and put it
upon the Treasury as a tax. The doctrine is true
or it is false; if true, let gentlemen adhere to it; if
false, let them decline to attempt humbuggery and
abandon it. Sir, I am not to be deterred from the
assertion of my views, by the declaration, that per-
haps the department may not be able to pay its
own expenses. Do gentlemen assert that the re-
mote, the rural, the scattered population of the
country have no claims on the Government for
mail facilities ? Is the wealth of the cities and the
advantageous situation of them m the richest agri-
cultural districts, to monopolize the benefits of the
system? oris the benevolent care of the Govern-
ment to extend by a generous and diffuse legisla-
tion to every settlement in our broad land this high-
est of human inventions for extending social in-
tercourse and the principles of civilization ?
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed the amendment.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. Jones and the Chair.
After which—
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the item for transportation.
Mr. B. said, he had never been more surprised
than he had been at the speech of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] The gen-
tleman had said that he knew no more reason why
the Post Office Department should be sustained out
of its own revenues than the army or the navy.
Now, the army and the navy, so far as they were
of any use at all, were for the benefit of every man
whom they protected or defended. But one half
of the people of the country enjoyed little or no
I advantage from the Post Office Department. The
; gentleman's own constituents—half of them—did
. not average a letter a year. Mr. B. (pausing to
answer a remark) proceeded. No, it was not a
mistake. Half of the constituents of no member
here receive, on an average, five letters a year.
The persons benefited weie the large professional
and mercantile men, who received thirty and forty
letters a day. Now, the gentleman would put
upon the whole community a tax to sustain a de-
partment which is very unequal in the distribu-
tion of its advantages; he would put the expense
of it upon that, common treasure, to which every
man in the community contributes. Yes; in order
(as was hinted to him) that the-rich bankers of
New York might get their letters for three cents.
Let that class of the community who receive the
benefit of the Post Office pay the expenses of that
estabhsment, and let not the expenses fraudu-
lently be put upon the general Treasury.
He withdiew the amendment.
Mr. VINTON renewed the amendment, for the
purpose, he said, of coi reeling the erroneous
opinions entertained by the gentleman fiom Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] and other gentlemen, as to
the propriety of applying the principle of specific
appropriations to the transportation of the mail.
Under this head of transportation many particular
items were embraced which rendered it very difli-
, cult to make this principle applicable to that head.
He could not see the advantage which would
. result from the introduction of the specific system
j to every post route, but he saw great difficulty
i which would result from it. It would be imprac-
ticable to attempt to appropriate for every separate
item—so much for this one and so much for the
other. We could not go into all the details of
expenditure in attempting to apportion the appro-
priations to meet each item. He cited a section
of the army appropriation bill to show that the
system was in conformity with the practice of
Congress.
Mr. JONES put a question, to which Mr. Vin-
ton leplied; but neither the one nor the oiher
could be heard, so great was the noise in the com-
mittee.
Mr. PHELPS renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of making some remarks on the different
state of things which existed at the time when
Amos Kendall, the Postmaster General, addressed
his letter to Mr. Cambreleng, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House.
When a bill was afterwards enacted to reorganize
the Post Office Department, a diffeient system was
introduced. So thar the views of Mr. Kendall,
which were appropriate under the then existing
state of things, were not applicable now.
Mr. PO TTER renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of replying to some of the errors which
had fallen from the Committee of Ways and
Means. He stated that under the reduced rfte of
postage, the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment last year was $400,000 above that of any
previous year. Every one must know that the.
prosperity of the revenue was not produced by a
high taiifT on postage. When the rates of letter
postage were low, the revenue increased in amount;
while, when the postage was up to ten cents a
letter and upwards, no one derived any benefit^
from this h-.gh tariff, and the revenue was not in-
creased by it. He expressed his surprise at the
great ignoiancc which had been exhibited by
many members who had spoken on this subject.
Fie could .-how the chaiiman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, from facts not to be disputed,
that a small postage produced more revenue to the
department than a high tariff on letters. In Great
