1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7,
Britain the postage was only two cents per letter,
and the newspapers were transported by mail post-
age free. "Yet the General Post Office of Great
Britain derived a greater revenue from this reduced
rate of postage than had ever been received when
the rate was higher. The revenue of that office
for the last year, after deducting- all the expenses
of transportation and services, exhibited a surplus
of a million and a half of dollars. Now, we have
a bill reported to the House reducing our late of
postage to three cents; and we have the result of
the experiment in Great Britain to assure us that
its passage would produce an equally favorable
effect on our post office revenue, it had been sug-
gested that this scheme of cheap postage was a
favorite with the Whig party, who intended to
make it the opening wedge for the introduction of
the tariff. He was not to be alarmed by such a
bugbear as this. He believed the reduction of
the postage would have the effect of increasing the
revenue; and he could not help repeating his sur-
prise at the profound ignorance of those who
argued that the adoption of the cheap postage
system would* result m making the department a
charge on the general Treasury. It would not
be so. The Post Office Department would pay
itself by this reduction, and leave a surplus of
revenue.
Mr. JONES suggested, as a point of order, that
it was not competent for the gentleman ftom Ohio,
on the amendment now pending, Jo go into a dis-
cussion of the cheap postage system.
Mr. POTTER said that he would save the Chair
the trouble of deciding the point of order, by
taking his seat.
Mr. JONES was about to insist on his point o
order, when—
Mr. BAYLY rose and said, he had no design to
go into the question of cheap postage. He moved
a pro forma amendment, to strike out the appro-
priation for mail bags. He said that he was more
surprised at the language of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr Potter,] than he had been at the re-
marks of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
"Venable.] The fact was, that the gentleman from
Ohio had put a speech into his (Mr. B.'s) mouth,
for the purpose of answering it. Now, he had
not only not discussed the effect of cheap post-
age, but he had never once dreamt of saying any-
, thingon the subject; and he was a little astonished
when he saw the gentleman from Ohio exhibit-
ing his gallantry in demolishing arguments which
had certainly never fallen from his (Mr. 13.'s)
lips. Before that gentleman made any attempt
to refute his arguments, it would, perhaps, be
much more advisable for him to vindicate his
own consistency. When that gentleman submit-
ted his amendment to throw the expenses of the
PostOffice Department asa charge on the geneial
.Treasury, he had stated, as one of the reasons for
the adoption of the amendment, that the effect of
charging these expenses on the Post Office Depart-
ment, would be the defeat of the bill to reduce the ,
rates of postage, because it would be reducing the 'I
means by which the department sustained itself. I
Now, it seems that the argument of the gentleman
from Ohio is, that the adoption of the cheap post- i
age system, instead of diminishing the power of j
the department to meet its own experidi ures, will I:
have the effect of increasing its resources. He ''
withdrew the amendment. j!
Mr, VENABLE renewed it, and said: Mr. li
Chairman, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. '
Bayly] expresses great astonishment'at the re- ii
marks submitted by me on the amendment of the il
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] I ac- "
knowledge that I am not astonished by any views
which he may have taken upon this or any kin- l|
dred subject. The bills reported by him as'chair- !!
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, so '
enormous and so well calculated to excite appre-
hension the zeal with which he has supported
them in most of the details, and his prompt and
successful efforts to arrest and prevent debate unon >
them, have relieved me from any danger of sur- i
BT'se °r aston's^™ent at his speeches or his votes I
The bills already reported, and the sum which !
must-be necessarily granted to carry on the Gov- I
ernment if these bills are passed, will swell the :
expenses of the fiscal year much beyond fifty mil- i
lions of dollars. 1 J
Mr. BAYLY, (Mr. Venable yielding) I:
have so often corrected that statement that I am !
surprised that gentlemen should persist in it. I
Mr. VENABLE. I differ with the gentleman
as to his figures; it is aquestioi of arithmetic,
which can be easily settled by calculation, and
will be thoroughly canvassed before all the bills
reported become laws.
But, sir, he says that 1 desire to tax my con-
stituents in their salt and sugar, for the benefit of
the post office organization. Sir, I have never be-
fore been charged with any propensity for a pro-
tective tariff—I had always heard that the gentle-
man was one of the standard-bearers in the war
of low tariffs and free trade. I had supposed that
1 might well learn at his feet the true and genuine
principles of that great system. Yet he flinches
from his own arguments arid abandons his own
doctrines. We were told that a low tariff in-
creased consumption and comfort—increased rev-
enue and promoted prosperity. In the midst of
vaticinations to the contrary, the present tariff was
adopted, and all these glorious results followed.
On no one point have the low tariff statesmen made
a greater demonstration of triumph, than on the
success of the revenue principle. A full Treasury
and increasing revenue from customs justified the
hold issue on which they came before the country.
And yet gentlemen are so skillful as to discover
that the same principle, as applied to a low tariff
of postage, will make the Post Office Department a
beggaron the Treasury. Yes, sir, those who dare
to go for low postage, are held up by the chair-
man of Ways and Means as willing to tax the
salt and sugar of the poor for the benefit of the
Post Office.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Bayly] is entitled to the credit of the
discovery that the money derived from the Post
Office and that denved from customs ought not to
be considered as in the Treasury of the United
States; that five millions raised by postage is not just
as available as the same sum raised by any other
tax. If the doctrine that a low tariff does and will
produce more revenue than a high tariff be true 
if the experience of England on the subject of
postage reduced to one penny a letter at all dis-
tances, and by which therevenueofthedepartment
was increased, and afforded immensely increased
facilities to the people, mean anything, let gentle-
men be consistent. 1 abhor humbuggery in all
us forms. I feel that my constituents have a deep
interest in the facilities of the mails, and the gen-
tleman is mistaken in supposing that they received
90 small a number of letters and papers. It
may be true of his constituents, but it is not so of
those whose interests 1 represent. One thingthey
have learned—that the previous reduction of post-
age was a great blessing; they also -learned that
the income of the department was much increased.
They helieved, with the gentleman from Virginih
[Mr Bayly] and others, that, a reduced ra'e of Tariff
on goods would increase revenue, and the result jus-
tifies their faith. They are not disposed to aban-
don facts for theories, and will expect at my hands
an honest effort at a further reduction.
Sir, 1 suspect that the. device is too shallow tn
seek to render odious those who are for a reduction
of postage, by an attempt to fix unon them a pur-
pose of abandoning a revenue tariff. I am a free
trader, in the usual sense of that term—that is, ihe
lowest point of tariff, both on impor s and on let-
ters, which will aflbid revenue for the necessary
pui poses of Govei nment. I am for increasing the
social epjoymems of the people by making them
by the aid of the Post Office Depaitment, to inter-
change affectionate thoughts with those who are
faraway, to elevate and render happy, to extend
social ties, diffuse knowledge by opening new
channels of communication,"and make men feel
that the restraints and operations of government
are not an unmixed calamity, but a blessing.
He withdrew ihe amendment.
Mr. PHELPS renewed it (he said) for the pur-
pose of correcting some of the statements which
had been made by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, in reply to some facts
brought forward by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Pot-
ter,] in relation to the amount of free matter
transported by the mail. The chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads had
submitted an estimate of the amount of this mat-
ter, which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had staled to be absurd. The chair
main of the Post Office Committee had computed
the annual value of this free matter at $900,000;
while the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had estimated it as low as §100,000.
Now, he was prepared to show, from a statement
of facts which he had prepared, that the true
amount exceeded $700,000. He then submitted
the following statement:
For the year ending 30ih June, 1846, the postage
paid to the postmaster of the city of Washing-
ton,on fiarikeci mail matter sent to ihe depait-
ments and merobtrs of both [louses of Con-
gre«* at the present rates of postage $250,383 83
The Register of tiie Treasury estimates the
amount of postage chargeable on franked mail
matter sent by the departments and members
[ of both Houses of Congress, (public docu-
mems excluded) at a similar amount  250,383 83
$500,767 66
Printed speeches folded for members of the
Hou.-e ol Representatives to flank during 30th
i Congress     £>164 612 50
; 407,76*2 lbs. of public documents, about 230 tons'* '
I of matter—poMage at present rates  77.773 5Q
i' $'242,3?5 00
" Half of this amount *121,192 50
11 Free wnuen mail matter sent bv mem-
; j hers of Congress from this city tor
;! the vear ending30th June, 1849", No. 484,010
1 Rece-ived during same time, No  819,21#
j Whole No 1,303,500
I Postage on same at average rale of postage 6£ cis. $84 727 50
I Punted Senate speeches during same 7
| time, No   397,630
, Postage thereon  9,940 75
; Pimted Senate documents  170,;15
| Postage thereon  5,121 45
1 $220,982 20
Newspapers sent by members of Congress not
J included.
: Thei e appears to be an aggregate of $771,749 aa
! the amount of free packages of every description
t sent and received through the mail.
| Mr. BAYLY moved a jjm forma amendment.
! it appeared (he said) that he had waked up a hor-
1 net's nest about him. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] had taken umbrage at
him because he had said, that taking one half of
his constituents, they did not receive, on an aver-
age, five letters a year. He certainly did not in-
tend to give any offence to the gentleman when
he made this statement. But, taking the coristitu-
ency of any member of this House, he believed
I that one half of them did not receive an average
I of three letters a year. The fact was that the
professional men and the merchants of the country
receive the great bulk of letters. !t is to them that
the great advantage of the Post Office system, and
of the reduction of postage, accrues. And he be-
lieved that he was strictly within bounds, when he
stated that one half of the constituents of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina do not receive one let-
ter a year. He was sure that one half of his own
constituents did not average one letter a year. Xhe
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. y'] had
undertaken to contrast his constituents Willi mine
and said that if my constituents were not fond of
reading, his was. I do not know how our con-
stituents may compate in that respect. But if we
are to judge of a constituency by their representa-
tive, which 1 do not know is an unfair mode, hia
constituents are much fonder of talking than mine.
In that respect 1 freely yield the superiority to
them.
But he felt some curiosity to know where the
gentleman from North Caiolma had picked up his
new-born zeal on the subject of appropriations?
For some years that he had had the pleasure to be
associated with that gentleman in this House, he
had never before discovered in him any of that
spirit of opposition which seemed to have anima-
ted him against the appiopriation bills. And he
could only account for it by supposing that recent
events had had some effect in determining him to
oppose everything emanating from the General
Government. Now he (Mr. B.) was ready to
give his aid to any measures which were calcula-
ted to sustain the Government m its legitimate
operations.
In reference to the statements presented to the
committee by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr
Phelps,] hewould merely say that he was w'ell ac-
quainted with the manner in which statements were
made up at the departmenis. He looked only to
the report made by the Postmaster General, and
if they were defective or false, he had nott.ine
more to say concerning them. He withdrew hit
amendment. 13
