444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
motion was to lay aside the California bill in order
to take up the bill relating to the Cumberland
Dam.
Mr. KAUFMAN suggested that the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. McLane] could not
take the floor from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr.sackett,] (who was entitled to it on the Cali-
fornia bill,) for the purpose of moving to take up
another subject.
Mr. PECK now rose to a point of order. He
submitted to the Chair whether the committee
was not-bound to rise. The House had resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for a special purpose, that was to say,
to take up the bill relating to the harbor of Balti-
more. That bill had been disposed of, and he
submitted that the committee must rise and re-
port the bill to the House.
The CHAIR sustained the point of order. As
the House had resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union upon a spe-
cial order, and had now completed its^puon on
that special order, the Chair was of opinion that
the committee must rise and report the bill to the
House.
Mr. VINTON suggested that, in going; into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the House had not gone into committee on any
particular bill, but that a mere indication was
given of the bill- which the committee should
take up.
ThPCHAIRMAN said he was of opinion that,
inasmuch as there had been a special order for this
day, and as that special order had been disposed
of, no other business would be in order in com-
mittee until the committee should have risen and
reported th#bill to the Ho^se.
Mr. McLANE. I can perhaps remove the
difficulty in which the committee finds itself by
moving that the committee rise and report to the
House the bill upon which it has acted relating to
the harbor of Baltimore.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. Believing that
the decision which has been made is wrong, I
shall with great deference take an appeal from the
decision of th* dmiir.
Mr. PRESTON ICING (doubtfully he.ud)was
understood to say, that he did not know that he
understood the decision of the Chair, but he sug-
gested that it certainly was in order to move that
the special order upon which the committee had
acted should be laid aside to be reported to the
House, and that the committee proceed to the con-
sideration of any other business.
The CHAIRMAN. A special order having
been fixed for this day, and the House having
gone into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union 10 take it up, nnd having taken it up
and acted upon it, no other business is in order;
but, in the opinion of the Chair, the committee
must rise nnd report the hill to the House. From
that decision an appeal has been taken by tha gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.]
Mr. ASHMUN. Has not the committee just
now voted that it would not rise? And, in the
face of that decision, the Chair now rules that the
committee must rise. j
The CEiAIRMAN. The point of order was 1
presented, and the Chairman gave his decision j
upon it. j
Mr. DISNEY made a remark, of which noth-
ing was heard by the reporter.
Mr. SA.CFCETT was proceeding to make a re-
mark, when—
The CHAIR stated that the appeal was not
debatable.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a question
of order. He submitted that the question, inas-
much as if related to the priority of business, was
not debatable. #
The CHAIRMAN said he had so decided.
The question was then taken, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee r" and was decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that in
moving: that the committee fake up the bill relating
to the Cumberland Dam, he had no disposition to
interfere with the sense of the committee if it de-
fined to take up the California btil. He would,
therefore, withdraw his motion, so as to leav<J the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
the pending question?
CALIFORNIA..
The'motion of Mr. Vinton having been then
agreed to, the committee resumed the consideration
of the special message of the President of the
United States transmitting the constitution of
California, antl of the bill of Mr. Doty, providing
for the admission of California into the Union.
Mr. SACKETT was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour. [His
speech wilt be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. McWILLIE then obtained the floor, and
addressed the Committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: 1 do not lise for the purpose
of replying to those who have preceded me in this
debate, nor is it my intention to make a party
speech. I may not even refer to the two great
national parties which have heretofore divided this
country. A question paramount to all considera-
tions of party should now occupy our thoughts.
The permanency of our free institutions is the
subject of our discussion. Yes, sir, I believe as
much as that I now address you, that the Union is
in danger. I look around "me and I can see no
point of safety. On the one hand I see nearly all
the northern States being arrayed against the South
on the slavery question; on the other, I see the
South, State after State, assuming the attitude of
resistance and defiance. Sir, I know the past of
my country—I see and deprecate the present—btit
to me,at least,shadows, clouds and darkness rest
upon the future. I know not what that future is
to be, but 1 do know that its complexion in a great
degree is to be taken from the action of the pres-
ent Congress. I believe that our deliberations m
a national point of view aie moie important than
those of any deliberative assembly that has taken
place since the adoption of the form of govern-
ment under which we now live. The Union of
these Slates is the subject of our discussions Sir,
I know not how to approach it; its magnitude and
importance overwhelm me. Even when sus-
tained by the promptings of duty and of patriot-
| ism, I would not dare to enter upon this discus-
sion were it not that I know that the genius of my
country, liberal as the God I worship, only re-
quires my best endeavors when sanculied by the
best affections of my heart. Yes, sir, my country
lias my heart; I love it—I love it ail—North and
South, East and West. 1 love it, because it con-
tains the graves of my ancestors, and is the home
of my wife and my children; i love it, because in it
1 have a common histoiy, a common inheritance,
a common glory,a common liberty,and a common
hope. I love u, because it was founded in the toil
and suffering, and blood of the Revolution. I
love it, because our fathers, in th?ir wisdom,
joined us m political Union. I trust, 1. hope, 1
piety, that ne thcr the ambition of the few, nor the
madness of the many may ever be able to sunder
these States, which God had seemed to have joined
together. It is for you, my brethren of the North
—yes, 1 will yet call you brethren—it is for you
to determine what are to be our future relations.
The agitation comes from you; you are the actors,
and upon you lests the lesponsibilny. The
South asks but equality and justice—she can
never take jess. Sir, I have said that the Union
is in danger. For proof of this fact I need not
go beyond this hall. The speeches that have oeeri
made, the impediments to organization that have
occurred, and the whole action of the House,
must point every sane mind to the dangers that
threaten us.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is not only here that we
see this agitation and excitement: it has entered
the social circle, and is breaking down all those
kindly feelings which oughtto exist between mem-
bers of*the same Confederacy. Jt is impossible,
from the very constitution of our natures, that we
can love those who make it a business to revile and
traduce us. And you know that it is the constant
habit ot many at the North to speak of us even as
worse than pnates. In your public press, m your
public assemblies and churches, our institutions !
are the theme of constant denunciation. They I
are spoken of as a national disgrace. Why, sir, '
even alieady, so far as the Union of the States ■
was dependent on the union of the Churches, we i
have in some of them actual, practical dissolution. '
We have the Methodist Church North, and the j
Methodist Church South. K The same division has
taken place in the Missionary Baptist Church—
and it is with difficulty that the union of the Pres-
byterian Church is retained. Are not these facts
portentous ? Oi^ht they not to warn us of danger ?
The same causes that have made a Church North
and a£hurch South will, if not arrested, make a
Confederacy North and a Confederacy South—
like causes produce like effects. Discord separ-
ated theChurches—discord willseparatetheStates.
But it is not only here, in the halls of legisla-
tion, in the social circle, and in the churches, that
difficulty exists, but even in the election of our
present Chief Magistrate, it was an element of
political power, and so great was the hostility of
the two sections of the Union, that he had to be
supported at the North as the anti-slavery candi-
date, and at the South as the pro-slavery candi-
date. In other words, so gi eat was the hostility
of the sections, that the people had to be deceived,
that politicians might be enabled to induce them
to act together. Sir, in consequence of this hos-
tility of the North and South, m the last Presi-
dential election, there was no expression of the
popular will, on the most important and vital
question that has ever agitated this nation. In
other words, the people, by their suffrages, ex-
pressed no opinion. They lost the conttol of
their own Government; and this is the reason
why the whole executive department of our Gov-
ernment now stands dumb in the presence of the
power of abolition. Sir, are not facts like these suf-
ficient to alarm eveiy patriot? But, in addition to
all this, you have been told, by the member from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that no further
legisation is to be had in support of Govern-
ment, unless these agitations be stayed ; and
that otherwise, here and now, this Government
shall perish. This comes from the Whig side
of the House, which claims to be the Conserva-
tive; and#from the Whig and Conservative State
of North Carolina. I am no alarmist. I appeal
to no man's fears; but 1 do appeal to the good sense
and patriotism of this House and this nation. I
warn them that this Union is in danger; and I tell
them that the South is now prepared to piesent
the alternative of domestic tranquillity, equality
and justice, or separation. Sir, the time has
come when every man who loves the Constitu-
tion of his country, must be prepared to stand by,
or, if necessary, to perish for it. Yes, the
time has come when the nation expects every
man to do his duty. The time has come when
thoughts of patriotism, and such thoughts alone,
"Along our hearts responding strings should run,
Nor let a tone there vibrate but the one."
Yes, sir, the man who, on an occasion like the
present, could think of himself or his prospects,
would desei t the flag of his country in the hour of
battle, or would sell his country's liberty fora con-
sideration. Every man who has given his serious
attention to this question, must now be satisfied
that it has reached a point at which delay in its
adjustment must be accompanied with the greatest
danger. Its progress is onward—and the nation
even now trembles beneath its tread. The time
was, when this agitation was confined to a few
fanatics; but now it has become an element of po-
jnicabpower and sectional aggrandizement, utter! v
•incompatible with the existence of the Union.
Then it was but a speck upon our political hori-
zon—"a little cloud not_bigger than a man's
hand but it has grown and spread, until now it
covers near ail the sky. The lightnings flash
amid its tempestuous folds—the thunders roll alone
its mighty base—and the temple of our Union and
our liberties is shaken as if by the upward heav-
ings of volcanic fire. The nation is alarmed, the
alar of our destiny is being darkened, and the
glorious light of liberty and of hope is paling upon
our path, I fear, forever. Yes, sir, the danger is
most imminent; already the instruments of revolu-
tion are at work. Nearly, if not quite all, the
southern Slates, by conventions of the people or
by their Legislatures, have declared their fixed and
unalterable purpose of resistance, in the event of
further aggression—and a Southern Convention is
already pieparing to meet at Nashville, in June
next; while in the northern States, the Legisla-
tures of near all of them are passing the most of-
fensive and aggressive resolutions, instructing
their Senators in the olherend of this Capitol, and
requesting their Representatives on this floor to
execute these resolves. While at the same time
the Abolition societies and conventions at the
North—the sappers and miners in thisariay against
the South—are urging disunion upon the people,
and denouncing our glorious Constitution " as a
