1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, renewed the
amendment. He desired to say a very few words
on the subject of the cheap postage system. As
that subject had been br night up in this discus-
sion, he desired to state what was the result of ins
own experience.
Mr. JOINES raised the point of order, whether
the subject of cheap postage was relevant to his
amendment, and whether the gentleman ought not
to confine himself to that amendment?
The CHAIR ruled the gentleman from Kentucky
in order.
Mr. STANTON resumed. He remarked, that
on the first of July, 1845, he had been appointed
postmaster at Maysville, Kentucky. He, tnere-
foie, went into office simuh-aneously with the com-
mencement of the new system of low postage, arid
could speak experimentally of the effect of that
system upon the revenues of the department, su
far as the West was concerned. The salary of
the office was $2,000 per year, it being a distub-
uting office.. Under tne old system of postage, the
revenue paid to the department, over and above
the salary of the postmaster, was from §1,000 to
$1,20U. During the first year of his incumbency,
and while the system of low postage was in oper-
ation, the amount received at the office was barely
sufficient to pay the salaiy; and when he left the
office, in June, 1849, the amount of revenue ac-
cruing to the department from the office did not
exceed two hundred dollars per year, although the
population of the place had rapidly incieased
during the whole ttme he was in office. If the ef-
fect ot cheap postage has been generally to increase
the revenue, he could only say, that so far as his
experience went, it had not been detived from the
"West. The offices in sparsely settled regions of
the country had experienced no sensible increase
of levenue, the mciease of letters under the new
system not having been sufficient to produce a
gi eater aggregate ot revenue than was derived from
the old system. The increase of revenue, if any
has accrued, has been realized in the commercial
cities, and not from the West.
The effect of the system has been to deprive the
West and South of such mail facilities as the in-
creasing wants of those regions demanded. The
commetcial cities have all the facilities needed,
while the region of country in which he lived had
iess than the public interest requires. To lllus-
traie how the levenues of the department were
made to increase beyond the expenditures, he le-
ferred to the fact, that borne time since he applied
for an additional tup upon the route between
Covington and the county seat of Kenton county,
Kentucky, a distance of about twelve miles, tor
which a large number of the citizens of that county
had petitioned. Covington is a flourishing city of
about twelve or fifteen thousand inhabitants, and
the service between that place and the court-house
of the county is only one trip per week. The in-
tercourse between tne places demands an addi-
tional tnp. He was inloimed by the department
that the increased service could not be granted,
because the office at the court-house did not yield, a suf-
ficient amount of revenue to pay the contractor. No
wonder, sir, the revenues are made to appear
greater than the expenditures, when reasonable
and just facilities are withheld from the people
upon such pietexts as this. If the system now
proposed, which reduces the rates of postage to
two or three cents upon letters, is to result in with-
holding from the people of the West a proper ex-
tendon of mail facilities where they are needed,
he hoped it would be repudiated by the House.
His five minutes having expired, Mr. S. with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS moved a.pro forma amendment.
He repelled the insinuation thrown out by the
gentleman from Virginia, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, as to the manner
in which statements were prepared.at the depatt-
ments, and went into an explanation of the mode
in which they were required to be prepared.
Mr. BAYLY briefly replied as to the item of
speeches and documents transmitted from the
House of Ilepreseutatives by mail. The gentle-
man from Missouri had gone to the folding room
for ins facta. Now, every member of the House
must be aware that a great number of speeches and
dooume its are put up in the folding 100m, which
are never sent by mail. He could speak tor him-
self, and could say, that during the time he had
been ia Congress, there had been at least twenty
thousand of these speeches folded and put up for
him, which never saw the post office, hut were
packed up and distributed otherwise; and this was
the sort of evidence on which the gentleman had
relied to make out his estimate of the amount of
free matter sent by the mail.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, renewed the amend-
ment pro forma. He stated that when the bill of
1836, reorganizing; the Post Office Department, was
pending, Mr. Kendall addressed a letter to the
Committee of Ways and Means, remonstrating
against specific appropriations. Yet Congress de-
termined to make the appropriations specific, and
I had continued todo so. Theadvantage of this sys-
tem is, that it limits the expenditures to the partic-
ular objects specified in the bill. During all the
period in which he had a connection with the de-
partment, he had never heard any complaint of
this system. He went on to state what was the
jj operation of the system in the department, and ex-
pressed a hope that the discussion would not be
any longer persisted in. There was no occasion,
no propriety in gome; now into the subject of cheap
postage. At a proper time that question would he
before the House, and that would be the time to
go into the debate on it. He wished that a vote
might now he taken on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. He withdrew his amend-
ment.
The question now being on the amendment of
Mr. Jones,
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. WniTE*and
Preston King were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 40, noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy and Postmaster
General may have power, with the consent of the mail
contractors, so to modify the contracts Ms rn:iv best promote
the interests of the entire fTmon, in facilitating the cairymg
of the mails between the United State* and the Teiritone*
of California by steamboats.
After a remark by Mr. H., the question was
taken.
Some difficulty occurred as to the state of the
vote.
Mr. HOLMES called for tellers, and Messrs.
Preston Kik*g and Mason were appointed.
The question was then again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 30, noes 87.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House; and he gave notice
that if the motion prevailed he .should follow it up
by a motion to take up the Civil and Diplomatic
Appropriation bill.
Mr. McLANE, Mr. JONES, and others, called
for the reading of the 3d section of the bill.
It was read.
Pending; the motion of Mr. Bayly—
Mr. PHELPS moved that the committee rise
and report the hill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the motion of
Mr. Phelps was first in order
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the committee rose and reported the bill and
amendments to the House.
And the question being first upon concurring in
the amendments of the committee —
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the first section
by adding the following proviso to the item appro-
priating for the compensation of three assistant
Postmasters General, clerks, messengers, assistant
messengers, and watchmen of said department,
viz:
^ Provided, That this appiopuation shall tie m iiou of any
^Hhci appropriation heietoiore made lor the object contem-
plated by this provision.
He said that it might be necessary to adopt this
proviso in the event of one course of action by the
House upon the amendments; m the event of an-
| other course it would not be necessary; and the
House could vote it down.
He demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered—being first on agree-
ing to the amendments to the bill.
The SPEAKER stated the amendments would
be read, and those upon which a separate vote
was desired would be laid aside, while upon all
the others the vote would be taken together.
The amendments were read, and concurred in,
except those upon which a separate vote was
called for.
The question beiii£ up.on the amendment to the
first section of the bill, (appropriating for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending the 30th June, 1851, out of any mone>s in
the Treasury, arising "from the revenues of the
said department,") to strikeout the words " an- .
sing from the revenues of the said department,"
and to insert the words ** not otherwise appropri-
ated."
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and the vote being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 95, nays 70; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashmun, Baker,
Duncan. l>urk# e, Nathan Evan«, Fowler, Gnuld, GrinneM,
Thomas L Harris, Hay, Hnhard, llenry, Milliard, Iloag-
land, Houston, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Kerr, George U-.
King, James G. King, John A Kins;, Preston Kin , L< tfier,
Horace Mann, Maw-sim, McDowell, McKwsock. McLana-
han, Robert M. MeLane, Finis 0. Mi Lean, Meacham,
Moore. Nelson, Nevved, Otis, Phelps. Pitffian, Palter, Put-
nam, Retd, Reynold*, Kt-ley, Knbhins, Rockwell, Root,
Ro«e, Rinn«-ey, Saekett, Schtrmerhom, Schoolcraft, S'l-
vester, Spaulriing, Sprague, Thaddeus St'-venf, Taylor,
James Thompson, John B. Thump-on, UndeihilJ, Van
Dvke, Venable, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
VVhitile ey, Wjldrick, Williams-, and Wdmot—95
NAVS—Ales-rs. Albertson, Avert t?, Bayly, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Biown, Burt, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Ca-
ble, Georire A. Caldwell, Cartter, Chngman, W. R. W.
Cobb, Cnlcock, Dtmol, Dimmtck, Disney, Edmnnds'n,
Feaiherston, Fitch, Fuller,Gorman,Green, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W f-Inrris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hodaday, Howard, Hub
hard, fnge, Joseph W. Jackson, Jones, La S£re, LiitleMd,
Marshall, Mason, McClf-rnand, McDonald, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, MeWiIhe, Meade, Milbou, Morris, Morse, Morton,
Orr, Outlaw, Parker, JVasloe, Powell, Rot-*, Sawtelle,
Shepperd, Richard H. Stamon, Alexander II. Stephens,
Swee.tM-r, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Wallace,
Wellborn, Wood, and Woodward—70.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was re<*d, viz: To reduce
to $70,600 the appropriation in the bill of $97,365
for the compensation of three Assistant Postmas-
ters General, clerks, messengers, assistaht messen-
gers, and watchmen of said department.
The question was taken upon this amendment,
and it was agreed to, without a division.
The question was next taken and carried in the
affirmative on the proviso to the above item, as
follows:
Provided, That this appropriation shall be in lieu of any
other appropriation heretofore made for the object contem-
plated by this proviMQn.
The question now being on concurring in tha
amendment increasing the item for temporary
clerks from ten to fifteen, of the following grades,
viz: four at $1,400 each, four at $1,200 each, and
seven $1,000 each, and lneieasing the appropria-
tion therefor from $11,200 to §17,400—
Mr. JONES suid that this amendment was for
an increase of officers, and he would therefore ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, it resulted in the affirmative—
yeas 83, nays 79; as follow:
YEAS—Mesfis. Alexander, Anderson, Aslimun, Baker,
Bennett, BimcII, Bokee, Bowie, Br^s, Brook-, Bunows,
Tooma* B. Built r,E C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler. Corwm, Di key, D->iv, Duer,
Duncan, Kdmuudson, Nathan Evans, Fov\ u r, Fiecdley,
Giddmg-, G-'tt, G.>uld, Grin noil, Hammond, 11 av, Ha} mond,
Hehard, Il< nrv, Hull.iday, H iu-tou, Ilunter, Kerr, George
G. King, James G. ICuu , John A King, Hoi ace Mann,
Mar>hail, Matteson, Mi Kis-ock, Meacbani,Moore, Moiton,
Nel-on, N.'vsell, Ogle, Oiis Outlaw, Pineaix, 1'itman. Put-
nam, R' ed, R-'.uioid-. IlMey, Rockwell, Root, Ro=e, Rum- •
sey. Sackett, Scbt rmeihorn, Seiioolcruti, Shepp.rri, Stives-
let,' Spauldms, Spr.igue, Lliobartl H. Stai ton, Th.iddeus
Sre\en*, TaUoi, James Thompson, John 1>. Thompson,
LVderhtll, Yan'Dyke, -Watkins, Whut, William*, ana
Wilson— j3.
NAYS—Mes<=rs. Atbert«on, Averett, Bay, Bayly. Binz-
ham, Boyd, Albert G Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, George
Alfred Caldwell, Cariter, Cleveland, Wilbanu-on R. W.
Cobb, Ct'lcoek, Darnel, Debeiry, Dimmiik, Di-ney, Dun-
ham, Feathrrston, Fuller, Gorman, Gieen. Halt. Hamilton,
! Haral-on, Harlau, I-haui G Harris, Sampson XV. Harris,
Thomas L. Hani-, Hibbard, Hoa«!atid, Howard, IJmbard,
Ingf, Joseph W. J.tekxon, Andtew John.-on, Jones. Ju'ian,
Pteston King, L'i Sfco*, Leffl -r, Littlefield, Mason, McDon-
ald, McDowell. Mi Lan dian, iioheri M McLane, McMullen,
Ml Queen, Mi Willie, Meado. MilNon, Morn-, Orr, Parker,
Peatdee, Powell, Bobbin-*. Ro->, Sawtello, Scddon, Alex-
ander H. Stephen?!, Stetson, Swei t^-r, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Toomh-*, Veiiable, Waldo, WaHaie, Wellborn,
Wuitworth, Wintib-vey, Wildntk, Wiimot, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—79.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed,it was read
the third time.
