1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-445
league with Death and a covenant with Heii." Sir,
madness rules the hour, and the South, to appear-
ance, will be left with no alternative hut disunion
or unconditional submission. If this alternative is
forced upon us, we know our duty to ourselves
alid our posterity, and.we will dare~to do it—even
though it should dissolve the Union. This is
strong language; and I am aware that there are
those who will attempt to brand me as a dis-
unionist; but, sir, I repel the charge as unfounded
and unjust.
if I know myself, sir, there has never been one
day in my existence in 'which I did not stand
ready to peril my life, if necessary, in defence
of tiiis Union. Yes, sir, I love the Union, but
not as it is loved by the member from Ohio, [Mr.
Root,] or the member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Mann,] or the member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] or the member from Illinois, [Mr. Bis-
sell ] They love the union of these States just
as despotic and cruet Austria loves the union with i
Hungary. They love u so well, that to preserve
it they would gi\e the peopie of the South to the
swoid,and our beautiful fields, and villages, and
cities to thf flames, accompanied by all the hor-
rors of servile and civil war. God deliver the
South from such union and such patriots. Yes, ;
you would do just as Austria did—you would call
in the aid of Russian butchers. Such- are your
attachments to the Union, and such your tender
mercies to the South. Sir, if this be the Union
that the North loves, I must say it has my utter
detestation and scorn. You claim us as your
slaves already. The Union that I love is the
union of equality, and justice, and fraternity—the
Union of the Constitution. Ye^, sir, the Consti-
tution is the Union. We have no othe^bond of
union. Ours is a Union of law and not of force.
It had its origin in the common consent of the
people. It was founded on principles of justice;
and eveiy encroachment upon the Constitution is
an attack upon the Union itself. I appeal to mem-
bers of this House, and implore them to respect
its gua'rantees. " We ask nothing but what is
right—we will submit to nothing that is wrong."
"We would disgrace the ancestry from which we
spiung if we were to submit to the aggressions of
unauthorized power. We would be unworthy
the name of Anglo-Saxons. Our fathers resisted
the duty of a penny a pound on tea. It was not
the amount of duty, but it was the power claimed
by Great Britain to legislate for us in all cases
whatsoever. It was the right which she asserted
to tax Englishmen without representation. With
us the question is not only one of principle, as it
was with our fathers, but it is a question of ex-
istence. We should bear iri mind what lias ever
been the course of power when led on by the fell
spirit of fanaticism. We have an example of it
in the island of St. Domingo, once the most
wealthy and beautiful isle of the Indies. Now it
is almost buried in barbarian darkness—a waste
andadesert. There Abolition carried fire to every
dwelling, and quenched the flames in blood. Sir,
such may be the fate of the southern States if
they yield upon this question. Fanaticism has
never yet let go its hold upon its victim, unless
when compelled by force or fear.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware that there are still
some, 1 hope many, men at the North, who have
not yielded to this fanaticism; and who, if they
could, \ have no doubt would gladly arrest this
aggression. But so many of both political parties
have more or less committed themselves to the
doctrines of Free Soilism, that I must say, that
when it comes to voting on this floor, our cause
appears to be almost, if not quite hopeless. But I
will not even yet despair of the Republic, and
will continue to hope that at least those on this
side of the House who in times past have stood by
the Constitution, will continue to do so; and I truot
that, on the other side, there may be some who
will be prepared to do us justice, and save the
Union. Fori repeat, that I do not believe that
this Union can survive the disfranchisement and
degradation of the southern States. Sir, I do not
say this in the language of thieatenmg. ihe
South makes no threats; she simply tells you that
we must resnert each other's rights or separate-
that we must agree better than we now do, or we
ou^ht to part company. The South loves the
Union, but she has never yet thought of waging
war against the North for the purpose of effecting
a change of public sentiment; nor has she yet pro-
posed in her extremity of attachment to the Union
to ravage one half the States with fire and sword.
All we say is, that we will assert our rights,
and that if it becomes necessary, we will meet
force with force. Yes, sir, we of the South will
resist aggression if it be forced upon us—we know
the price of freedom, and if necessary we will pay
for it. We know that no people have ever long been
free, unless they stood ready to defend their rights
—the conservators of their own privileges. In
ordinary tinus the Constitution is a sufficient pro-
tection, but isi times like these, when prejudice and
prassion and the thirst of sectional power control
in the halls of legislation, constitutions are value-
less, only as they define the boundaries of power
and of privilege, and teach us where resistance
should begin, and where aggression must cease.
The privilege of hearing arms, and the courage to
use them, is at such times of more value than all
the constitutions that have^ver been written. No
people can belong much misgoverned who have
arms in their hands and the knowledge of their
use. We know that the Tree of Liberty has ever
been watered with the blood and manured with
the bones of patnots—all the liberty now upon the
earth has been purchased by the blood of our race.
If necessary, we will do as our fathers have done
before us.
Sir, 1 would ask why do our northern brethren
force this alternative upon us? Why do you urge
upon us a state of facts utterly hostile to the Union
and in violation of ihe Constitution ? Has not our
Government at least to you answered the purposes
of its creation? Have we not grown and pros-
pered beyond any people ever upon this earth?
Have not the hues (alien to us in pleasant places,
and have we notagoodly heutage—the heiitage
of liberty, equality, and abundance? We have
aheady grown from thirteen to thirty States; and
have terntory sufficient for many moie. Our
eagles, from their eyrie on the Rocky Mountains,
dip their wings in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
and our banners float upon the St. Lawrence and
the Rio Grande. We can almost say, the conti-
nent, the boundless continent is ours. A destiny
so gieat,so glorious has never been granted to any
people. I would again ask, aie thecse blessings all
to be sacrificed? 1 trust not; there is, however,
but one way in which they can be retained, and
that is by respecting the guarantees of the Con-
stitution, and giving even-handed justice to the
South. We have never asked more than equality
with our sister States—we have ever acted in that
spirit of concession and compromise in which the
Constitution was adopted; and we have never once
given to the North cause to complain of an aggres-
sive spirit; nor have we ever violated one con-
dition of any compromise which we have made.
We have ever been ^generous and forbearing.
Virginia yielded for the sake of harmony and
equality all the territory north of the Ohio as fiee
States which was previously slave territory—we
divided Louisiana and Texas with you, both of
which were slave territory—and in the session of
Congress before the last, we offered almost unani- ij
mously to accept the Clayton compromise bill, and |j
we received but twenty-two Democratic votes ai d H
not one Whig vote from the North. I would ask i-
whatdid thatbillgive us? Why nothing but simply jj
the right to try the constitutional question at issue ||
between us,in the courts of the Union. Even thin 'j
you denied us and shut us out from the courts of:,
justice. And at the last session of Congress you le- ;
fused to pass Walker's amendment to the appro- u
priation bill, which simply extended the provisions j,
of the Constitution to New Mexico and California I
—even this you refused us. I submit to the oandor ,
and justice of this House and this nation, if we :
could have asked or taken less? You deny to us
the guarantees of the Constitution, and still expect ■
ftom us submission. This is impossible. Sub- >
mission to acknowledged wrong, would be social
and political degtadanon. We cannot be brought ■
to this.
Mr. Chairman, T have charged against the
North that she has disregarded her constitutional ;
compact, and that she invades our chartered rights. ,
This is a circumstance calculated to excite the
most melancholy and alarming reflections. But it
is not the less tt ue. Heretofore our contests have
been as to the effect of measures; but now the Con-
stitution, the ark of our political covenant, which
contains the plighted faith of the States and of the ,
people, is the object of attack. Yes, sir, the Con- !
stitution by which we-live, and for which3 if ne-
cessary, we should be prepared to die, has been
despised and rejected in reference to the rights of the
slave States,and every invention of the imagination
is set up in opposition to it. I presume that there is
not a man within the sound of my voice who- does -
not know that the last clause of the 4th article.of
the Constitution (in reference to fugitive slaves)
is now a dead letter. That article requires that
such slaves shall be delivered up on claim of the
owner—thereby making it the duty of the Sjate to
attend to the delivery. This most, if not all, of
the free States have refused to do, and some of
them have nullified the Constitution by the most
prohibitory laws on the subject. This clause of
ihe Constitution is in the same words as the clause
immediately preceding it in reference to fugitives
from justice, and that has generally been executed
m good faith, thereby showing that there is no
ground for explanation on the plea of difference in
construction. This is a point in which the viola-
tion of the Constitution has been so flagrant as to
have no defenders. Then, if the Union be but the
creature of the Constitution, it-follows as a corol-
lary, that here is practical disunion. Accoidmg
to the law of nations, the violation of one article
of a treaty by one of the parties to if, is a violation
of all, or, in other words, discharges the other con-
tracting party from any obligation to respect its
other provisions. Thus m our compact of.Union
between the several States. This is one cause of
complaintestabhshed,and not denied by our north-
ern brethren. But we have many more. The
constant agitation of the slavery question in this
District, with a view to us abolition here or else-
where, is of mischievous tendency, and^estructive
of the domestic tranquillity of the States, (which
was enumerated, as one' object of the Union*,)
and if it were to he carried into effect ,would
be in bad faith to the slave States generally,
and to the States of Virginia and Maryland in
particular; and would, in my opinion, be a
violation of the Constitution. I am aware that
many able men have given a different construction*
and that, under the clause in the#th article of the
Constitution, giving to Congress the "right to
exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatso-
ever'' in this District, the power may be plau-
sibly claimed ; but 1 cannot think that it can
be justly claimed. Those who claim the power
for Congress, do so on the ground that exclusive
legislation is synonymou.9 with unlimited power of
legislation. I think this is a misapjirehension. For
instance: this Congiess and the State Legislatures
have exclusive legislative power over the States
and the people of this Union. But they have not
ail power. They have .only certain delegated,
powers, and the balance remains in the keeping'of
the people, the safest and best depositary of power.
It is manifest that the grant of exclusive power of
legislation as given in the Constitution, does not
mean unlimited power, but is simply the grant of
power under the general provisions of the Consti-
tution, and must be exercised simply with the
view of execut ng the objects of the grant. Either
this is the true construction of the grant, or in this
District Congress has unlimited power—even the
power to sell every freeman into perpetual slavery.
But upon any fair view of the Constitution it is
impossible to maintain this construction ot unlim-
ited power—for by the Constitution 41 the ttial
of all crimes except impeachment snail be hy
jury." 1 hold thai Congiess cannot abolish the
'trial by jury in this District. And further, a con-
viction in this District for treason could not14work
corruption of blood,11 because the Constitution ex-
pressly says 44 that no attainder of treason shall
I work corruption of blood, or iorfei'ure except
during the life of the person attainted." Here is
another restriction of the power of Congress in this ,
Dibtnct. But such iestnc.u<ms are too numerous
for me now even to refer to them. See the 1st ar-
ticle of the Amendments to the Constiiuuon, which
is in the following words.- "Congress shall muke
'no law respecting an establishment of lehgum or
4 prohibiting the Ireeexercise thereof; or abtsuging'
* the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the i ig"t
' of the people peaceably to assemble, and to peu-
'tinn the Government for redress of grievances."
Is there any one heie who, in the fdee of this
i express provision of the Constitution, would con-
tend that Congress has the right, in this District,
to establish a Church, and 'prescribe a form of
j worship, and fix a creed; or to abridge the free-
