1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7,
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?—
JVlr. BAYLY demanded th| previous question;
it received a second, and the mam question was
oiderecJ to be put, ^
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill. They were ordered; and
the question being taken, it was earned in the af-
firmative—yeas 117, nays 47; as follow:
Y12AS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Avetett, Bayly, Ben-
nett, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, ttripgs. BrooK>, Burrows, T. B.
Butler, E. 0. Cabell. Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandlei, Clarke,Cleveland, Cole, Conrad, Corivm,
Crowell, Dtbeiry, Dickey, Doty, Dner, Duncan, Durkee,
Edmund-on, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gid-
dmg", Gitt, Gould, Hammond, Thomas L. Harris, Hay,
Haymond, flebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hilhard, Rolladay,
Houston, Howard, Hunter, W.T. Jackson, Julian, Keir,
George G. King, James G. King. J. A. King, Preston King,
Litilefie.ld, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matte-on, McDowell,
McICis^ock, R. M. McLane, McMullen, McWillie, Meach-
am, Meade, Million, Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson, New-
ell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Paiker, Peaslee, Phoenix, Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ridley, Robbing, Rockwell,
Runt, Rose, Rum^ey, Sackett, Sawielle, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprasrue, R. H. Sainton, Thaddetu-. Stevens, Stetvm, Tay-
lor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Underbill. Van
jDjke, Vmton, Waldo, VVatlun*, Wemwotrh, White, Wint-
tlespv, WillMtns, Wilmot, and Wif-ori—117.
NA.YS—Messrs. Albert-on, Hay, Bingham, Boyd, Albert
G. Riown, Bun, Jos« pli Cable. G A. Caldwell, Cartt< r, IV.
R. VV. Co^b, Coicock. Diinmick, Disnev, Dunham, l-'eatli-
ersiun, Gorman, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Hams
S. W. Harns, flubh.ud, Insjo, Joseph W.Jackson, Andievv
John-son, Jones, L>-ffier, Mason, McDonald, McLanaban,
McQueen, MoirN Otr, Phelp«, Ros^, Savasre, S • eetM-r,
Tno-rns Jacob Thompson, ToomU, VenabU , Wa'iaec,
Wellborn, VVildrkk, Wood, Woodward, and Young—47,
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the bill, by stri-
king out the words, uand of the revenues of the 1
Post Office Department," &c. I
The amendment was agreed to; so the title will j
read as follows: I
"A bill making appropriations for the service !
of the Post Office Department, for the fiscal year j
ending June 30, 1851." I
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by ,
which the bill was passed,.and to lay that motion
on the fable; which motion was agreed to.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition ol Jaincs Hughes, oi
Jack=mn, Tertm-^ee.
By Mf. HAY : The petition of the Medical Society ol ihc
county oi Cumberland, Htate of New Jersey, a->kut£ rh -t the
{fiadcot medical others of the navy >halJ have tlu'hime
degree ol iank relatively to olheer-i oi the hop in ihe navy,
as corresponding grades of medical ofhceis ol the army now
posses according to law relatively to olhcers ol the lino m
the army: PromteJ, That the assimilated rank heie! y con-
ieired s.hall not entitle any medical officer ni the navy to in-
creased pay, or to take preccdence of any officer who mav
be in le^al command of any port, station, or vessel, to winch
said medical oHieer may be officially attached for dutv.
By Mr. PGASLKI2: The petmon of D. J. D.miels and
others, citi/rii-of iN'orthn.'hi ami Franklin, m the Stale of
New Hampshire, for amendment of the taut)' laws of 18-Ui
and the adoption of >-peeifk: duties.
JN SENATE.
Wednesday, v'Juqu&t 7, 1850.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial oi
McKean Buchanan, a purser in the navy, askm*
indemnity for losses sustained by him in comse^
quence of an illegal order of his commanding offi-
cer-, which was referred to the Committee orfPen-
sions.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of Orris
Crosby, asking the correction of an error in the
act approved August 8, 1846, allowing him a pen-
sion as a private, instead of surgeon's mate; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
CLAIM FOR MILITARY SERVICES.
Mr. WALKER. 1 have had transmitted tome
the accounts of two military companies in the
StHc of Wisconsin—the Washington Guards and
the Milwaukee Guards—together with the requi-
sition of the marshal of the State of Wisconsin
upon the captains of these companies, together
with the affidavits of the commanders of" these
companies, and the affidavit of the marshal of the
State of Wi&consin. The account is for services
rendered by the companies m assisting the mar-
shal of the State of Wisconsin in the execution bv
him of a writ of replevin in the case of Boait and
Hutchinson. In order to get these papers propevly
before the Senate, I desire to accompany them with
a resolution to go to the Committee on Finance,
the object of which I will briefly explain. Hutch-
inson, who was the marshal appointed by the late
Administration, got into his possession a large
quantity of wheat from the farmers of Wisconsin;
I do not recollect the amount, but several hundred
thousand bushels of wheat came into his posses-
sion, as a forwarding and commission merchant.
Being: in failing circumstances, and in process of
defaulting to the Government, he made a sale of
this wheat to Boalt, of Ohio. After Mr. Hutchin-
son had absconded, the farmers of the country got
wind that they were about to be swindled in this
manner, and they assembled, to the number of
about two thousand, at the town of Southport,
with the intention of reclaiming their property.
Boalt sued out, from the United States District
Court for the State of Wisconsin, a writ of replevin
to get possession of the wheat, and placed it in
the hands of the marshal, who went to Southport
and attempted to execute it. The persons who
had assembled there—and I wish they had been
more successful, for they had been egregriousiy
swindled—attempted to prevent the execution of
the v/nt, and the seizure of the wheat, and its
removal out of the jurisdiction of the State, by
this Mr. Boalt, of Ohio. The marshal found
that he was incompetent to execute the writ; for
these farmers, feeling themselves oppressed by the
outrage committed upon them by marshal Hutch-
inson, were disposed to use every means in their
power to prevent the wheat bems taken away, for
they had never received a farthing for it. Under
these circumstance-', the deputy marshal, Mr. Col-
ton, (his principal having: absconded,) consulted
the judge of the United States District Court in
regard to the matter. The judge, as shown by
the affidavits of the marshal, and of the com-
manders of the companies, assured him that it was
in his power to make a requisition upon the com-
manders of these independent companies, that they
should turn out and assist him in the execution of
the writ, and the deputy marshal consequently
made a requisition. The officers, after consulting
m regard to their duty, called out their companies,
marched them to Southport, a distance of thirty-
live miles, surrounded the warehouse, and re-
mained m attendance there for a number of days,
until the writ was executed, and the wheat shipped
and taken away. They then began to inquire how
they were to be compensated for all this, and they
found then that the judge (A. G. Miller) would
£ive them no further satisfaction, though in exe-
cuting his writ, the two companions, each con-
taining about eighty men, had been put to ex-
pense in goin£ to Southport. The deputy marshal
found himseifin theunpieasamconditionof having,
acting under the orders of the judge, called out these
men, and being without the power of giving them
any compensation for their services. For these
services ihey sent in their account. That account
was submitted to the First Auditor, and by him
to the First Comptroller, (Mr. Whittlesey,) who
has made a report, and forwarded it to one of my
colleagues in the House of Representatives, in
which report he comes to the conclusion that
there is no law to compensate them, and that they
must go uncompensated unless Congress will act
in the matter. I desire now to present a copy of
the account and the affidavits to the Senate, and
to refer them to the Committee on Finance, with
a resolution, of which I will ask the immediate
consideration :
Resohcd, That the Committee tin Finance be directed
to inquire into the expediency of making an approm lation to
pay the Washington Guards 'and Milwaukee Cny Guard.—
two independent military companies of Wis.coiwn for their
services in avsis-unmheUnm-d ^tutc-sMarshal of Wisconsin
in the execution ol a wntol replevin in the case of Roalt vsA
Hutchinson, in the United States DistrictfCourt for the Dis-
tuct of WusconMn.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 do not rise to object to
^ the consideration at this time, but to suggest to
the Chair and to the Senator 1'iom Wisconsin that,
as this resolution has nothing to do with any
mo lit y in the Tronsory, the reference proposed is
an inappropriate one. The Committee of Claims,
or on the Judiciary, or, as it savors somewhat ot
military affairs, the Military Committee, would be
more appropime.
Mr. WALKilR. I had some difficult}* in de-
termining to what committee the resolution should
be referred. I have no preference for any com-
mittee, and I will therefore substitute the word
"Judiciary" for "Finance."
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Commitiee on Com-
merce, to which was referred House bill No 349,
being the bill to grant a register to the bai k James
Patton, jr., now the Granadian bark "Bogota,"
reported back the same without amendment, and.
recommended its passage.
Mr. H. observed that, as the bark was now
ready for sea, he hoped the bill might be permu-
ted to pass without further delay.
Objection having been made, the motion was
overruled.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred House bills of the
following titles:
An act making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States for the year ending 30th June, 1851;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions for the year ending 30th June,
1851; reported back the same without amendment,
and recommended their passage.
Mr. D. gave notice that he would, at an early
day, ask to take up and have them disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred fhe
memorial of the corporate authorities of Lynn,
asking the establishment of a port of entry at that
place, reported a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to permit vessels from the British
North American provinces to lade and unlade at
such places in any collection district of the Uni-
ted States as he may designate; which was read?
and ordered to a second leading.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolietl, That the Committee on the Library he instruct-
ed to examine a bron/.eri medal of the late Pie-ident of the
United Siate>, General Zachary Ta) lor, the woiktnan-Inp
ol N. Gevelot, and it, upon -uch <• xamination, the said com-
mittee shall deem it worthy ot the hero and the stateMnan
tr is intended in commemorate, that the said committee be
authorized to procute as? many copies of >aid medal they
tnay dee.m proper lor the Library and various ofhees ot the
Government in the city ot Washington.
Mr. ATCHISON, in pursuanccof notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of the heirs and representatives of Colonel Alex-
ander G. Morgan; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order of the day, being the bill " pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment
of her northern and western boundaries, the re-
linquishment by the said State of all territory
claimed by her exterior to said boundaries, and
of ail her claim upon the United States."
After having introduced this bill on Monday last,
Mr. Pearce addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I think it must
be admitted that the greatobstacle in the pathway
of our legislation during the present session has
been this disputed boundary of Texas. That was
the final difficuliy of the compromise bill, and may
be considei ed as a principal cause of Us defeat. I
am very well aware of the motives which induced
the combination of seveial measures in one. I
know it is supposed that sometimes such a union
produces a combination of interests favorable to
the passage of the united bill, but 1 think it just
as often happens that this union produces a con-
centration of the elements of opposition, insuffi-
cient each one of itself to defeat the measure to
which it applies, but which, when combined, have
sufficient force to overthrow the whole. Besides,
sir, I confess that it seems to me to be right that
each measure should be determined by the consid-
erations which are properly applicable to itself
alone, being neither helped nor prejudiced by what
relates to another subject. I have, therefoie, de-
termined to present to the Senate a bill for the es-
tablishment of the boundary of Texas, unconnect-
ed with any other subject. It is a subject of great
importance, because it involves not only the rights
and claims of a State and of the United States,
but, what is of far more importance, it involves
the peace and harmony of the Union, so vital to the
welfare and prosperity of all of the States, and so
dear, I am sure I may say, to every patriotic heart.
