1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
as the seat of Government should be used as a
hot-house in which to force the growth of abo-
lition; and that the clause in reference to fugitive
slaves was inserted in fraud, and would not be
executed; and that the non-slaveholding Stales,
by the action of their Legislatures, would make
it a dead letter. 1 ask, sir, if such propositions
had been made in the Convention, or submitted to
the States, would they have received one single
southern vote? or would the Constitution have
been adopted? Then, sir, if the Constitution
could not have been adopted containing such pro-
visions, is it not palpable that no such provisions
were in it at the time of its adoption ? 1 know no
better way of ascertaining what wise men have
done than to ascertain what they intended to do.
The intention of the parties to a treaty, covenant,
• or other contract, is always an important matter
to be ascertained in view of obtaining a right con-
struction of the instrument. The intention of the
legislator is always looked to in the construc-
tion of a law when doubt arises as to the true
construction. Now, sir, let us subject the claims
of the North to this test, and they cannot stand
one moment. We all know that the Constitution
never could have existed containing such pro-
visions; and, notwithstanding this, there are men
here> and elsewhere, who claim this power for
the Federal Government. Nothing can equal the
absurdity of this claim but its gross and palpable
injustice. Yes, sir, even admitting the constitu-
tional power to be in Congress to do what I fear
will be done, the act would then be no better than
highway robbery. And I have heard nothing
said in its vindication, either here or elsewhere,
except a certain fashionable cant abojjt all men
bemg born free and equal, and the power of ma-
jorities. Now, sir, I have great respect for the
action of such majorities as are prescribed by
laws and constitutions, but 1 had rather have afty
other king than king numbers, as now presented
to our acceptance. The most frightful despotism
upon earth would be that of an uncontrolled, un-
checked, sectional majority. It would make ours
a government without limitation of powers—a
great sectional despotism. I am aware that much
is said about the rights of majorities, and that
many politicians speak of majorities as subjects
do of their monarchs—as though they could do
no wrong- But majorities may be wrong as well
as minorities, and majorities have no other rights
than such as they derive from the Constitution.
Minorities have the same rights, derived from the
same source. All our majorities for the practical
purposes of legislation are constitutional majori-
ties, and not mere majorities in numbers. And
this is the crowning beauty and excellence in our
systems of free governments; that is, that ours
are governments of constitutions and laws, and
not of men—no, not even of majorites of free
men. All are in subordination to law, and all
have the protection of the law, minorities as well
as majorities. While the guarantees of the Con-
stitution are respected, a minority has the same
protection in life, liberty, and property as if they
wore a majority. The law does and ought to act
alike upon every citizen.
Mr. Chairman, 1 would warn our friends here
to be ckutious m relation to the claims set up for
mere numbers, without proper regard to the Con-
stitution. The idea is full of danger, as was illus-
trated in the hoirorsof the Reign of Terror in
France, which was simply the reign of an un-
checked majority. In these days of progress,
there is danger that the lights ot minorities may
be lost sight of, in the assumptions of majorities;
and that the greatest good of the greatest number
may become the rule of action, without reference
to the law or Constitution. This is the language
of demagogues. The language of the Constitu-
tion is, the greatest good to the greatest number,
without injustice to any, and in subordination of
the Constitution. This is what we ask of yoj,
and this is what you refuse to us. For the pur-
pose of illustrating the claims of the South, I will
suppose a case of three men who have been acting
as partners for ten years, and at the end of that
time, they meet together to arrange their business
and divide their profits, when, to the astonish-
ment of one of the three, he finds that the other
two have united agams.t him, and determined to
take all the profits to themselves, though he had
o-iven his time, his labor and his money to the
firm, as faithfully as either of his partners: would
you expect the third man, who'had been thus
treated, to remain m the firm, and more especially
when he was told that, for the future, he would
be expected to labor as usual, and to contribute
his money, but was to expect no better treatment?
This is a case precisely analogous to the situation
of the southern States. Tfyey jointly, with their
co-States, have acquired territory by contribu-
tions of blood and treasure, and now they are to
be excluded from those territories, and are not,
for thefuture, to expect any better treatment; for
I understand that hereafter the policy of the
North is to be, that the whole power of this Gov-
ernment is to be exercised against the institution
of slavery; in other words, the South and her in-
stitutions are to be put under the ban of the em-
pire, and we are to be made the hewers of wood
and drawers of water. We are expected to share
all the burdens of Government, while we are to
be permitted none of its benefits. Do you ex-
pect a proud and chivalrous people to submit to
treatment like this? If you do, you will be dis-
appointed. By way of illustration, I will reverse
the case, and suppose the South to assume the
ground that hereafter no free State should enter
ihis Union, and that all the territory acquired
should be slave territory, and that the whole
power of this Government should be exerted for
the extension of slavery, and that the free States
should be put under the ban, and that the whole
influence of this Government should be brought to
bear against the free States and their institutions.
You would think us mad if we were to assume
such a position. But it is a bad rule that won't
work both ways; and I defy any man on earth
to show one good reason why our pretension
would not have the same foundation in right, as
yours. We are your equals under the Constitu-
tion, and in every other respect. The Constitu-
tion says, " the citizens of each State shall be en-
titled to all the privileges and immunities of the
citizens of the seveial States." if you would
submit to such treatment, you ought to be kicked
out of the Union, as unworthy to remain in it.
The same may be said in relation to the South,
only i can assure you, she will,not wait to be
kicked out. Many here, and elsewhere, appear
to have a holy horrorof the institution of slavery,
as though it was now heard of for the first time,
in the history of our country or the world.
They forget that their fathers sold us most of
these very slaves, and guarantied our rights of
property m them, under the Constitution, for a
consideration which has been paid. Some of the
very negroes that your fathers sold us, are still
living; and, though they are removed one thou-
sand miles from you, they trouble you over-much.
Your conduct puts me in mind of the Pharisee,
of whom we are told, that when he stood in the
Temple and prayed, he thanked Gud that he was
not as other men—not as the poor Publican who
was before him. I suppose many of you thank
God that you are not as we slaveholders; and i
suppose some of you, in the spirit of the Pharisee,
even when you look upon the portrait of Washing-
ton which hangs upon my left, theoinamentand the
honor of this hall, thank God that you are not
such as he was, for he, too, wasaslaveholder. But
he was first in war, first m peace, and first in the
hearts of his countrymen. Yes, sir, he ltd your
aimies in battle—he led them to vietotyand glory.
He founded an empire, and will through ail time
be known as the Father of his Countiy. But
strange to tell, so great has been the piogress of
some in this progressive age, that his memory was
traduced by one of iheleading speakers m (he late
Abolition convention at Syracuse, New York. In
this convention the Union was denounced—the
Constitution was denounced, and the memories of
Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, were tra-
duced because they were slaveholders. Are not
these men mad? They are either mad or worse;
they are traitors to all the glories of the past and
all the hopes of the future. I know that some
men are fanatics on this subject, and arc possessed
with a piety so transcendental that they fear that
they may be offered up as a vicarious atonement
for the sins of the South. But 1 think 1 can ven-
ture to give such the assurance, that the sin (if sin
it be) is our sin, and that it is in vain that they
trouble their consciences with it, and that they are
not responsible for the matter by any law, either
human or divine; and I think that if God has
borne with us for two hundred years, and has made
us the most prosperous and happy people upon the
earth, that they might also bear with us, particu-
larly as they or their ancestors assisted to fix the
institution upon us. ' -
Mr. Chairman, there is one thing that I can say
on this subject in vindication of the South, and it
is this: that 3,000,000 of the negro race have never
before, in any portion of the recorded history of
man, been as much civilized or christianized as
those now in the United States. And I would say,
that any man who will attend the church service,
and witness the christian piety of a congregation
of slaves, will be compelled to admit that African
slavery has not been an unmitigated evil, even to
the slave. And if he has one particle of christian
faith or christian hope in his heart, when he com-
pares the present position of the negro with that
of the barbarian idolater and cannibal in Africa,
he will be constrained to say, that God may have
had, and must have had some compensating prov-
idence in store for this people, and that slavery
is the probationary state preparatory'to-it. What
this may be, no man can tell—" God's ways are
not as our ways, nor his thoughts as our thoughts."
There are many who suppose that slavery is a
social and political evil, and for this reason they
refuse to let it go to the territories. But if it
were the evil which they insist it is, why shall the
whole burden of it be thrown upon the present
slaveholdmg States ? Why not let the new Stares
take their share of it? in what are they better
than we? If this was^a new question, as to the
introduction of slavery into the United States, I
could understand the zeal of the North as recon-
cilable with principles of patriotism and honesty
—but we do not propose to make any freeman a
slave; nor do we propose to open the African slave
trade. No, nothing of this kind is sought to be
done. All that we ask is, that the master, with
his slave, may be permitted to enter the common
territory of the Union. We ask it, from the con-
viction that it would be better for both. It would
certainly be better for the slave, as he is better
provided for in a new and abundant country than
in an old and exhausted one. Also, the dividing
of the slaves into many hands would add to their
comfort and the facility of their final emancipa-
tion; especially if New Mexico and California are
not suited to slave labor. If this be true, every
slave carried there would soon become a free man.
In some of the slave States the negro population
is as large as the white. While this state of things
continues, emancipation in these Statesmorally
impossible. Under such circumstances, it would
of necessity result in social and political equality.
And even our northern friends have yet some pre-
judices on the subject of color. I see that in the
good old Bay State there is even now a struggle
going on to keep the negro children out of the
common schools. And I presume those of you
who have families have some prejudices of color
in your parlors; and Cuffy is not even there on a
footing with the descendant of the Puritan. I sup-
pose that the descendant of the Huguenot and Cav-
alier may be allowed the same prejudice.
Mr. Chairman, there is one view of this subject
which has always struck me with some surprise,
and has constrained me to doubt the sincerity of
the abolition movement as a measure of philan-
thropy. It is this: I never hear of the Abolition-
ists, Free-Soilcrs, or Wilmot provisoists paying
anything to the cause of negro emancipation—I
have heard of few cases in winch they have ever
purchased the freedom of a slave. Now if they
are sincere in this matter, it would not cost 4hem
any moie to emancipate my slaves than it would
cost me. And really, if they are in earnest, why do
they not buy the freedom of the slaves, and take
them to their homes and minister unto them? This
would at least show honesty and sincerity, and
their works would illustrate their faith. I have
never had much faith in those who talk much of
1 chanty, but never give. You propose to destroy
i $1,500,000,000 of our property, while you do not
| give a dime to the same object yourselves. It
i might from this be inferred that most of your
I philanthropy was intended for home consumption,
; and to keep your seats here. It is with small
1 men a convenient means of temporary advance-
| ment; and with ambitious and bad men it is a
j means of personal and sectional aggrandizement,
j You are the worst enemies the slave has on earth.
You rivet and tighten his chains. I have heard
! the objection urged against the institution of
