448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4.
slavery at the South, that it entered into competi- j
tion with the free labor of the North, and there- ,
fore must be abolished. This is agrarianism. It ;
is confiscating the estates of one-half of the people J
of this Union for the benefit of the other half, t
And permit me, in this connection, to suggest to
my friends of the North, that when they have
gotten through with this negro agrarianism, and
the agrarianism that is going on in relation to the
public land, that the next move may be real bqna
jide agrarianism at home. The idea that all men are
born free and equal, is a very pretty one, and I sup-
pose that equality in property is about as desirable
as equality m political nights; ancf as much politi-
cal capital could be made out of this idea, as most
of the other humbugs of the day; and i suppose
it might be made to meet the Ideas of the foreign
emigrants who are arriving by hundreds of thou-
sands in our northern cities, and for whose votes
so many political aspirants appear to be most
anxious. The idea of every man having his own
independent estate, sufficient for every comfort,
would be very taking.
Mr. Chairman, one of the evils of the times is,
that politicians and demagogues and fanatics seize
hold of«ome single idea, some abstract truth, and,
separating it from all its natural connections, at-
tempt to substitute it for an entire sysiem of
governmental policy. If honest, they are mono-
maniacs. They threaten to subvert the very found-
ations of all government in pursuit of a single
idea. In pursuit of an abstraction, tl^ev lose sight
of all the practical benefits of good government.
They forget that we have to talce the world as we
find it—and not as the transceridentalist would
have it.* The real philanthropist would desire
that there should be neither a name nor a place for
crime or misery among all the works of God. But
if he were a Christian, he would not condemn the
whole system of God's providence because it did
not conform to his views. I would suggest to our
transcendental and perfectibility friends, to do like-
wise. Our systems of government may not, in
their view, be perfect; but they were framed by
men greater, wiser, better than ouiselves, aid,
heretofore, have answered the purpose for which
they wece intended. Our government (m the lan-
guage of the Constitution) was created in order "to
form a more perfect union, to establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, to provide for the com-
mon defence, to promote the general welfare, and
to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity." It has done all this, notwith-
standing its guarantee and recognition of the insti-
tutions of the South. It will continue to do so, if
you respect its compromises—otherwise it must
fail, and this CJnion must perish. Mr. Chairman, I
would ask our northern friends, before separating
from us, to calculate what we are worth to them.
To the North this Union is indeed a pear! beyond
price—it is worth more than all the political capi-
tal you can make out of this abolition agitation.
And I say to you in all candor, that you must re-
linquish the one or the other. The capital invested
in abolition and free-soilism is but small in amount
—it is rather a peddling business, and though us
discontinuance might break many a small trader
in politics, I suppose our Whig friends over the
way would assist in passing a political bankiupt
law, whtch would give you absolution on full
confession and repentance. But, to be serious,
Mr. Chairman, independent of all considerations
of pati loti.vm, 1 would urge our northern brethren
to calculate in dollars and cents, what this Union is
worth to them. I would ask them to inquire who
pays the taxes of this Government, and who
receives them. I would ask the. manufacturers
of cotton, whence comes the raw material, and
where is the manufactured article sold—and
whence comes the protection of near 30 per cent,
upon all northern labor and capital? Who fur-
nishes the freights for your shipping inter-
est? Where do you find the piofns of your
commerce and navigation 5 Why have you the
entire coasting trader Yes, Mr. Chaiiman, this
Union ia known to the people of the Noith only
by its billings; to us of the South only by its
burdens. When you come to pay the taxes of a
separate government, we will see whether or nor
you will always vote to appropriate rnoney, and
to inciease taxes. The Union is to you unadulter-
ated good—every governmental tax is to you a
bounty, and every burden a blessing. Without
the Union your factories will rot down, and
; grass grow in your streets. Mr. Chairman, I will
: not discuss the question of the power of the South
I to maintain her independent existence against all
j comers. I will simply say that we would be
: stronger and richer than «ny people upon earth,
; with like numbers. Money 13 the smew of war,
| and this we would have in abundance, with lighter
5 taxes than we now pay in tunes of profound^peace.
1 But this question ought not to be discussed, i
j will not discuss it. 1 trust it will never be neces-
1 sary.
i Mr. Chairman, some of the feeling of hostility
I which exists in reference to the South, is political,
! and ought not to be felt at least upon this side of
i the House. One ground of complaint is, that the
! South has had an undue proportion of the high
' offices of this Government. For instance, we have
, had most of the Presidents. Now, ought it to be
; cause of complaint against us, or jealousy towards
1 us, that Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe,
Jackson, and Polk were southern men? No! they
i were great and glorious names, and we all should
: be proud of them as our countrymen. But, Mr.
I Chairman, the true cause of the South having held
• many of the important offices has not been in con-
; sequence of sectional feeling, but it has arisen
i from the fact that from the .days of Washington
i until now the strength of the Democratic party
I has been in the South, and elections have turned
! upon Democratic principles, and our victories
! have by us alwajs been esteemed triumphs of
j principle and not of section. I trust the time will
! never come, when on questions "f this character
. we will love our section more than our principles
' or our common country.
Mr. Chairman, Washington, m his Farewell
i Address, has warned us against " the impostures
j of pretended patriotism, and the mischiefs of for-
; eign intrigue." i have ctlieady spoken to you of
' the one, 1 will now briefly refer to the other. I
: will not say that 1 have the evidence of such m-
; trigue, but this I will say, that the Abolition and
1 Free Soil movement is doing that which, of all
. things earthly, is most desired by all the despots
of Europe. They look upon our institutions with
jealousy, and would be greatly pleased at their
destruction; and I presume that no man here en-
tertains a doubt that this agitation thieatens to bring
about a dissolution of the Union. England knows
and fears our naval and commercial nvairy, and that
nothing but the dissolution of this Union can save
to her the ascendency. With the Union, we will
not only rival but surpass her; with the dissolu-
tion of the Union, her commerce must remain
1 unrivaled, and through all tune she may ride
mistress of the seas. As I before said, 1 have
no evidence of her agency—that of couise 1 never
can have, because to be efficient it must be se-
cret. Neither you nor I know but that her
paid secret agents are in our midst. This work
is done so precisely agreeable to what I know
would be her wishes and her interest, that it
naturally suggests the idea that it may be
done to order Further, this idea of Canadian
1 annexation, which was agitated in the Legislature
j of New Yoik hut a tew days since, and w Inch has,
! until lately, been rather countenanced by the
j English Government, comes most opportunely to
! excite the further alarm of the South, more espe-
cially when it is sought by the Empire Slate for
purposes of aggression. 1 have, too, been sur-
prised at the amount of money that lias been ex-
pended, and is still ready to be expended, in the
attempt to revolutionize Cuba, with a view to an-
nexation. I do not know that England has any
thing to do with it, but I do know, that she is the
party to be benefited, if these agitations should
bring about a dissolution of the Union. I further
know that England always sees her interest, and
never omits the means of advancing it. Her states-
manship is the most far-sighted and grasping, and
she never loses an opportunity of advancing
either her interest or her power.
Mr. Chairman, m this discussion 1 have endeav-
ored to be candid. 1 have stated my convictions
as they exist upon my own mind. 1 hope others
will fairly weigh them, and take them tor what-
ever they may be worth. The time allowed in
this house is too short to discuss the legal question,
either from authority or by reference to precedents.
I have consequently taken the Constitution as my
guide, and have looked into it for my political
faith, as I would into my Bible for my religious.
When I took my seat here, I took an oath to pre-
serve, protect and defend the Constitution. To do
this m the right spirit, we must look to the instiu-
ment itself—and let precedent and authority have
no influence with us, but as simple matter of lea-
son. Our oath is to support the Constitution as
our fathers made it, and not as either courts or
congresses have construed it. If this course is
adopted, even the very few arguments i have used
are enough. If you take any other course, the
Constitution is but waste paper, and the sooner
you burn it up the better. I admit the authority
of precedent in matters of judicial decisions of
private rights, but not in the action of coordinate
departments of governments. We have no infal-
lible church, nor have we an infallible court—nor
should the decisions of one Congress bind the con-
sciences of another.
Mr. Chairman, I will now close my remarks,
as 1 opened them, by invoking the serious atten-
tion of this House and this nation to the danger
which menaces our free and glorious institutions.
On every side and from every quarter of the Union
I hear the reverberations of this danger, which, to
use the language of Mr. Jefferson on a similar
occasion, " falls upon my ear like the alarm of
the fire-bell at night—like the knell of the Union."
Yes, sir, I warn you, and through you this House
and this nation, that the ship of State approaches
the dieadful maelstiom of disunion. She already
feels and answers to its circling currents. It is
time that every hand was upon deck, and that
every sail was set. Yes, we approach the whirl-
pool—the sails are rending, the masts are shiver-
ing. Cast out the anchor, the anchor of the Con-
stitution; even yet it may take hold upon the
minds and the hearts of the people, and save the
ship*, wlfcjh that God may grant, should be the
prayer of every heart.
Mr. McWillie having concluded—
Mr- VAN DYKE obtained the floor, and yield-
ed to
Mr. FOWLER, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. VAN DYKE then addressed the committee
during the hour. [His speech will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. VAN DYKE having concluded—
The CHAIR gave the floor to
Mr. HALL, who yielded to a motion that the
Committee rise.
The motion hiving been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose, and the Chairman reported the action of
the committee on the bill relating to the harbor
of Baltimore, and progress on the California mes-
sage and bill.
HARBOR OP BALTIMORE.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the engrossment of the bill "to continue in force
the act therein mentioned, relating to the port of
Baltimore."
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, (at
this time,) and having been read a third time by
its title, and the question being, " Shall this bill
pass ?"
Mr. PUTNAM said, he hoped the bill would
not be passed at this timeand'in such hot haste. It
had been presented to the House unaccompanied
by any written report, and it had been passed
through the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union with little or no consideration. It
seemed to him that the House should have op-
i portumty to examine into its provisions, and
j should receive at least some more information upon
! it than had as yet been obtained.
' Mr. McLANE (interposing) suggested that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Putnam] should
allow the bill to pass, and should enter a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. PUTNAM said he was very well persuaded
that the bill ought not to pass; at all events, before
he voted one way or the other, he de-ired that
some information moie than the House had yet
received should be given. He moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion having been decided in the affirma-
tive, the House, pending the question on the pas-
sage of the bill, adjourned.
 d.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Teiftiessee, £ ive notice that on to-
motiow, or some luture. day, ho would introduce a bill
of the following vi"A bill encourage a^ncultuie
and for other purposes."
