THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, Jst Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1850.
New Series No. 29.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule and referred to the ap-
propriate committees, viz:
Bv Mr. SPALDiNG: The petition of George W. Johnson
and 108 other legal voters of the city of Buffalo, New York,
foi the establishment and protection of freedom m the ter-
ritories of the United States.
Also, two petitions in tavor of cheap postage.
By Mr. RUMSEY": Three petitions from teachers and
students of Alfied Academy, New York, praying a reduc-
tion of postage to two cents per half ounce on prepaid
letters.
Also, the petition of Hiram M. Bo-f wick and others, of
Corning, Steuben county, New York, f r same purpose.
Also, the petition of citizens of Independence, New York,
for same purpose.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Steuben county, New
York, for same purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Allegany, New York, for
same puipose. *
Also, two petitions from citizens of Addison, Steuben
county, New York, praying for the repeal of the act of Con-
gress of 28th February, 1845, extending the patent for
Woodwork's planing machine.
Hy Mi. GOULD: The petition and affidavit of Enos Mal-
iory (or a pension.
By Mr. KING, of Rhode Island: The petition of the heirs
of Godfrey Wen wood.
ByMr.TAYLOR- The petition of Snowden Sargent and
28 others, citizens of Pike county, Ohio, praying lor cheap
postage.
Bv Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition from James Jones
and 68 others, and from J C. Smith and 78other citizens of
Jefferson county, Ohio, for a mail-route from Wellsville, by
way of Knoxville, Bowling Green, Richmond, Annapolis,
Bloomingdule, Sniithfield, Mount Pleasant, Colerain, to
St. Clansville, Ohio.
ny Mr. JBRIGGS : The petition ot C Mason and 28 others,
citizens of New York, asking Congress to establish th s
rates of le-t« r po.-tage at two cents prepaid pei half ounce.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Samuel Wheeler «nd
suudry o.her citizens of Washington county, Maine, ship-
owner^, praying Congress to cause o be removed certain
obstructions ia the Tide waters of Cobscook Falls in the
Passamaquoddy Bay.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petiiion of Thomas D. Rob-
inson and 422 other eitizPns, engaged in coiiimerei.il busi-
ness at the port of Bath, in the State of Maine, asking for an
appropriation tor the erection of a custom-house at said
Bath.
Also, the petition of George Pierce and other citizens of
the United States, asking that Deseret may be speedily ad-
mitted into the Union a* a State, without regard to their
method of worshipping God
By Mr. MATT!? SoN' The petition of Ezra Wood and
]39 otheis, citizens of Whites-town, Oneida county, in favor
of reducing postage to a uniform rate of t.wo centd on pre-
paid letters weighing half an ounce or less.
Also, the petition of Z. HiJ! and 115 other citizens, of
Rome, in same county, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Rev. Pindar Field and 50 other*,
citizens of Marshall, in same county, for the same purpose.
AI<o, the petition ofSavage & Moore, manufacturers, and
20 others, citizens of Pans, >arne county, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of Wm. F. Owen and 90 otheis, citizens
of Broomvilie, same countv, for same purpose.
Also, the petition ofThomas James and 34 others, citizens
of same county, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of the principal and students of Clinton
Grammar School, in same county, for same purpose.
By Mr. BUTLER, ot Connecticut: The memorial of
George Dudlf y and others, praying a reduction of postage.
AKo, the memorial of Anson Colt and others, praying
Congress to take action in favorof " Stipuiat d Aibitration"
for the purpose of sailing national difficulties and prevent-
itiff war.
By Mr. BOWLTN : The petition of J. R. Woodsides and
88 others, citizens of Oregon and Ripley counties, Missouri,
praying the establishment of a mail route from Thomas-
ville, the county soatof Oregon county, via Mill Creek, and
Doniphan, the county seat of Ripley county, and Martins-
bure, in «aid county, to the county seat of Butler county.
Also, the petition of Stephen J. C. Barksdale and 32
others, citizens of Shannon county, Missouri, praying the
establishment of a mail-route fiom Brcckenridge's Mill, in
Crawford county, to Eminence, the county seat of Shan-
non county.
Also, the petition of the Mississippi and Pacific Railroad
Company of Missouri, praving the light of way and a dona-
tion of the public lands along the route in alternate sections
to aid in the construction of the said road through the State
of Missouu.
By Mr. IIOWE: The petition of David Himsed and 52
others, citizens of the county of Union, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to make a change in the present tariff laws.
Xlso,~the petition of John Thornton and 40 others, citi-
zen* of the same countv, and upon itie same subject.
Also, the petition of John M. Clark and 44 others, citizens
of the same county.and upon the same subject.
Al--o, the petition of William H. Forker and 40 others,
citizen* of the *ame county, and upon the same subject.
Also, the petition of William Mitchell and 43 others, citi-
zens of the same countv, and upon the same subject.
AI*o, the petition of James McFarland and 42 others, citi-
zens of the qounty of Union, Pennsylvania, asking Congress
to reduce the rates ot postage and to abolish the franking
privilege, &c.
29
By Mr. HENRY : The petiiion of Marshall Newton and
others, of Newfarce, Vermont, for cheap postage.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The petition from citizens of
Perry countv, Pennsylvania, foi the reduction ol postage.
( Ry Mr. WILMOT : The petition signed by 45 citizens of
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking for a reduction m the
rates of postage.
By Mr. MANN, of Pcnnylvania: The petition of John-
ston Shrum and 37 others, citizens of Westmoreland coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to grant relief to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the late war with Gieat Britain.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of Milton Lyman
and 26 others, citizens of Marshall, Oneida county, New
York, in favor of settling national difficulties by stipulated
arlntiation of a Congress of Nations.
AI>o, the petition of Job Parker and 90 others, citizens of
Oneida county, New York, in favor of releasing from pn«on
Daniel Drayton and Sayre, eonfim d in pmon in the Dis-
trict of Columbia for aiding in the escape of slaves, and 10
guard against its recurrence bv the highest penalties.
By Mr. JACKSON: The petition of Henry C. Wheeler,
John H Young, and 37 others,-citizens of Ben ton, Yates coun-
ty, New York, prajing that a uniform rate of postage of five
cents he charged on all letters not exceeding half an ounce
in weight any distance in the United States, and that news-
paper* be transmitted in the mail thirty miles, or within the
county where published, free of postage.
Also, the petition of J. N. Dox, and 42 others, citizens of
the same place, for the same.
Also, the petition of Robt. Chis«om, James B. Carr, and
36 others, citizens of Jerusalem, Yates county, New York,
on the same subject.
B\ Mr. BINGHAM: Two petitions fiotn F. W. Cuitmus
and other ofheers of the 1st Regiment of Michigan Volun-
teers, for .additional remuneration.
By Mr. CLEVELAND . The petition of citizens of Nor-
wich, Connecticut, foi cheap postage.
Also, the petition of citizens of Easton, Connecticut, for
cheap postage.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Samuel B. King, and
75 others, citizens of Taunton, Massachusetts, praying the
passage of a bill foi the reduction of postage on prepaid let-
ters to i wo c«'ntf .
By Mr. SCFIERMERHORN: The petition of FT. T. Spen-
cer and sixty-four others, inhabitants of the village of Char-
lotte, at the mouth of Genesee river and harbor on Lake
Ontario, New York, pravmg for an appropriation for the
repair and completion of the works necessary to the safety
of «aid harbor.
Also, the petition of Wm. IT. Burrhard and others, stu-
dents of the Madison University, New York, for cheap
postage.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Rochester, New York,
fore-heap postage and the abolition of the franking piivilegp
Bv Mr. CONGER: The petition of nineiv-two citizens of
Moravia, Cavuga county, New Yoik, for the reduction of
postage to two cents on prepaid letters.
Also, of forty-five teachers and students of Cortland
Academy, New York, for the same.
„AIso, the petition of sixty-six citizens of Auburn and
vicinity, NewYoik, for the prohibition of-slavery and the
slave trade in all the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of sixty-seven citizens of the same
place for the repeal of all laws authorizing slavery in the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of ninety-six citizens of Virgil, Cort-
land county, New York, for the relief of Diayton and Sayre,
now in prison in the District of Columbia, and for the abo-
lition of slavery in said Distuct.
Bv Mr. WOOD: A memonal from the Hon. Robert Lee,
of Crawford county, Ohio, praying Congress ti> establish a
mail-route from Mount Gilead, in Morrow county, through
Iberia, Galien, Leesvil'e, Liberty, Camera, DeXalh, and
Tyro, in the county of Crawford, to Plymouth, m the
county of Rtehland, twice a week.
Also, a petition from James Clcment3 and I OS others,
citizens of said counties, on the same subject.
Albo, a petition from J. N. Fry and 82 others, citizens of
«a d counties, on the same subject.
Also, the memorial of David Ross, of Wood county,
Ohio, suggesting various alterations m the po^t office law.
Al*o, a petition from D. A Simon and 58 other*, citizens
of Crawford county, Ohio, praving Congress to reduce the
postage on all prepaid letter's to two cents.
Also, a petition liom M.irv P. Robinson and 27 other
ladie*, of Crawford county, Ohio, asking Congress to re-
duce the postage on all prepaid letters to two cents.
Also, a petition from E. Giles and 57 other citizens of
Wyandot county, Ohio, praying Congress to repent co
much of the postage law as prohibits publishers of news-
papers from sending their papers through counties wheie
published free of postage; also, for reduction of prepaid
letters to two cents.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 4, 1850.
On motion of Mr. FOOTE, the 47th standing
rule was suspended so far as to permit the pres-
ence of ladies on the floor of the Senate, by whom
the privileged seats were already occupied.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented two petitions from
citizens of Rochester, New York, asking: a {educ-
tion of the rates of postage to two cents on prepaid
letters not exceeding: half an ounce, and that the
franking; privilege may be abolished; which wt.re
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of the city, county,
and State of New York, in favor of reducing the
rates of postage to two cents on all prepaid letters
not exceeding half an ounce; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citizens
of Sanborton, in the Slate of New Hampshire,
asking the timely adoption of some measures by
which international disputes may be settled without
resort to war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Victory, in the State of New York, asking
that pensions may be granted to the widows and
orphans of officers and soldiers of the last war
with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Commitiee on Pensions.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Rochester,
New York, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage and the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from citizensof New York city,
in favor of a reduction of the rates of postage to
two cents on all prepaid letters not exceeding half
an ounce.
Also, from citizens of York, Livingston county,
New York, asking that the rates of postage may
be reduced to two cents on all prepaid letteis not
exceeding half an ounce, and no postage on news-
papers to exceed one ccnt.
Also, from citizens of Genesee county, New
York, asking a reduction on the rates of letters to
two cents for each half ounce; all of which peti-
tions were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads
Also, the memorial of Benjamin Tatham and
Henry B. Tatham, asking an extension of their
patent for an invention for manufacturing lead
pipes; which was refeired to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition from citizens of Buffalo and two
petitions from citizens of Auburn and its \icinity,
in the State of New York, praying that fugitive
slaves may be allowed the right of trial by jury
when arrested by their owners in any State other
than that in which they may be held to service.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Lebanon county, Pennsylvania, asking
that an agricultural bureau may be established at
Washington, and setting forth that while, as the
most numeious portion of the people of this great
country, we are compelled to bear a very large
proportion of the public burdens, they feel that
they have a right to claim and expect from Gov-
ernment the same care and solicitude that are ex-
tended to the military, commercial, and manufac-
turing inteiests of the nation; which was referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Centre county,
Pennsylvania, asking a modification ot the tariff
of 1846.
Also, a petition from citizens of Venango coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the
tariff of 1846.
Also., two memorials from citizens of Clarion
county, Pennsylvania, asking for a modification
of ihe tariff of 1846; all which were severally re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from mem-
bers of the Crescent and Cynosure Division of
Sons of Temperance in Bangor/ Maine; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Omce
and Post Roads. . , .
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial ot
John Mercer, asking indemnity for Fiench spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie on the
FELCH presented a memorial from citi-
zens residing on the south shore of Lake Superior,
asking-the construction of a ship canal around the
Falls of the Ste. Mary, the improvement of Easle
Harbor, at the mouth of Ontonagon river, and the
erection of a lighthouse and breakwater at the
mouth of Easjle river.
