1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1548
tor from Maryland, it seems to me that the occa-
sion has now arisen for my taking that general
view of the subject which I had always contem-
plated taking, and upon which I wish to stand
before my constituents at home.
There is one aspect, sir, in regard to the ques-
tion of slavery that can never be so disposed of as
to prevent agitation. So far as it is a moral and
religious subject, and so far as men have differed,
do differ, and will continue to differ tn regard to
the institution upon moral and religious princi-
ples, there is no possibility of ever ending, either
in this or in any other country, agitation upon this
subject. In that respect, sir, it is like the question
of the Hindoo religion, or the Mahomedan reli-
gion, or any other religion upon which men m
different ages have differed. In that respect, it is
like the question of government, whether itshall be
monarchical, aristocratical, or democratical. Men
in all ages of the world have continued to differ
on these subjects. And so in respect to slavery.
There is no way in which it impossible that agita-
tion and discussion, and public speeches, can be
put down. I do nor, therefore, look to this bill as
any remedy for that. That is a condition of things
for which there is no possible remedy, unless you
can silence the thoughts and speeches of men.
What, then, sir, m reference to the mere question
of slavery, will this bill accomplish, even if it
should pass? The few remaiks 1 have made show
that you cannot prevent the operations of the
minds of men, or silence their tongues upon the
subject. If the bill should pass, what will it ac-
complish in refeience to the institution? it can
only have one of two effects, and it is not possible
for it to have any other. The one is, that it may
enlarge the territory on which you may place slave
population, and the other is, that it may restrict
the territory on which you may place that popula-
tion.
Now, sir, which of these effects will it have?
Will it enlarge the territory? If it does, it may be
said, according to the arguments which have been
made on this subject, in this Senate, that it will
commend itself to the southern mind; that they
must so for the bill because it would enlarge the
area of slavery. If it restricts the area of sUvery
and converts into free soil that which perhaps
might otherwise be slave territory, then it wears
an aspect in which it will commend itself to the
northern mind, and make them go for the bill.
Now, which of these two purposes will this bill
accomplish? Can any one tell? Sir, it depends
entirely upon ulterior steps, which it will accom-
plish. It depends upon the legislation of this body
for the Territory, if you choose to assume the
jurisdiction of legislating on the sul je'-t of slavery,
"or it depends upon the legislation or the people of
the Territory themselves, after you have separated
it from Texas. And how will they decide the
question? Does anybody know? It cannot be
told, because it depends upon ulterior legislation,
either on the part of Congress or on the part of the
people of the Territories. In reference, then, to
the restriction or extension of slavery, this bill
settles nothing—establishes nothing, it does not
hold out to the people of the United States either
that it shall be or shall not be free or slave terri-
tory. How then does it settle the question of sla-
very in reference to the Territory? I do not see
how it does it.
Well, sir, if it will neither produce a cessation
of discussion on the subject of slavery in the pul-
pit, in the press, on the stump, or at the fireside;
if it accomplishes none of these purposes; if, upon
the face of the bill, it neither says it shall be free
territory nor slave territory, does it not leave the
whole question perfectly afloat so far as refers to
the question of slavery ? It does, sir. Then, sir,
with these remarks it seems to me that we ought
to lay out of view all connection whatever between
the much-mooted question of slavery and the pro-
visions of this bill. You ought to look upon them
as wholly distinct and disconnected; because if
you look at them closely you will see no connec-
tion between the question of slavery and the ob-
ject of this bill, and there can be none, as 1 have
already shown in the few words I have addressed
to the Senate. It is suggested to me by a friend
thai thereought to be no connection between them.
1 thmK so precisely. I think we ought to settle
the boundary of Texas ypon principles wholly
disconnected with the question of slavery.
But what have we seen upon that subject? We
saw a vote taken here the other day, every south-
ern man, I believe, except myself, voting that the
Rio del Norte was the true boundary between
Texas and the United States from its mouth to its
source, and every northern man voting that it was
not.
Mr. MANGUM. I beg; pardon for interrupt-
ing the gentleman, but I think I have never given
any such vote. If I did, I misunderstood the ques-
tion. That is not in accordancc with my opinion
at all. * V
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Perhaps the Senator
from North Caiolina [Mr. Mangum] was not m
the Senate at the time. That, at any rate, was the
tendency of the vote, if I understood it. He might
not have been here; and perhaps the language
which I used when I said u every northern man "
and every " southern man " should be regarded as
hyperbolical. 1 do not know that every Senator
fiom these two sections of the Union was in his
seat at the time. 1 do not mean to do any injus-
tice to any Senator, but I mean to be understood if
possible, and in what I have got to say to tell a
plain tale. The vote to which I have just referred
was a vote in the main—i did not say every north-
ern or every southern Senator, without exception.
But it was a vote in which geographical position
seemed to regulate the opinion and belief of Sena-
tors. Now, sir, when the minds of men, upon
matters of law and fact, are governed en mab&e by
geographical position, it argues very unfavorably,
it seems to me, for the proper interests of the coun-
try. But, sir, to say that the question of slavery
has nothing to do with the opinions of gentlemen
upon this subject, and to say that this bill should
be taken on its own merits as a question of boun-
dary, wholly and entirely disconnected with the
question of slavery, is to say what is perfectly
true; and in this point of view, 1 will proceed to
examine it.
Sir, this bill proposes to pay to Texas ten mil-
lions of dollars, in a stock to be issued by the
Government, bearing five per cent, interest, one
half, or five millions of it, not to be issued tiil the
Government shall have received assurance that the
creditors of Texas have been paid and are satis-
fied. Now, sir, that is based upon the idea that
we are to purchase territory from Texas—upon
the idea that Texas owns something which she
has a right to sell. It is based, therefoie, upon
the double idea that we are to purchase territory
from Texas, and that Texas has a title in the ter-
ritory to sell. My first remark, Mr. President,
upon that subject is this: If Texas owns this
country I do not want to buy it. If she owns it,
I want her to keep every foot of it. If Texas
t)wns this country, it is slave territory; and I
have differed with others upon this floor upon this
subject of extending slave territory. I conscien-
tiously believe that the extension of slavery over
territory, when you cannot increase the number
of slaves by that extension, will operate to the
relief of those States which have a superabundant
slave population; and I believe that if Kentucky
and some other States are ever to get rid of sla-
very, as I most sincerely trust they may, this ex-
tension and division of the slave population will
help them to get clear of that description of popu-
lation. But, sir, I believe further: I believe that
the Constitution of the United States was formed
when slavery existed in a majority of the States
forming that Constitution. Upon the face of the
Constitution itself it is shown that the existence
of slavery was not regarded as an institution which
prevented the operation of the National Govern-
ment for national purposes in any respect what-
ever. I believe that the great powers which ex-
isted in the National Government could be made
to operate beneficially for the people of the United
States, as well without as with the existence of
slavery, or as well with its existence as without
it. Sir, the institution of slavery is a domestic
institution. It is limited to the territory where it
is locally confined, and, like most domestic insti-
tutions, has nothing whatever to do with the ex-
ercise, on the part of this Government, of the
great and general powers for which it was created.
It has no more to do with the general powers of
the Government than would the institution of
polygamy, if a part of the country was inhabited
by Mahomedans. Sir, I hope to see the day—it
may not happen in my lifetime, but I hope to see
it—when there will be that harmony and union and
concert among the nations of the earth to settle all
difficulties and contests by treaty stipulations, as
exists in the Constitution of the United States ia
regard to the great purposes for which the nation
was formed, leaving all theif local matters to be
settled by the local governments, and that the Gen-
eral Governments shall settle all those questions for
which they seem so well adapted. Sir, there is
no difficulty in dividing out the powers of govern-
ment, and confining each to the performance of
different functions. You see examples of it daily
and hourly in each State. You see your county
corporations and your township corporations, and
you see in operation in the same township the
laws of that township, and the laws of thecoyfity,
and the laws of the State, and perhaps those of
the United States, too; and all this results from a
division of power. And there is nothing incom-
patible with the exercise of the distinct functions
of these various governments, if they will only
separate those powers which belong to the whole.
Now,sir, slavery has nothing to do with all this—
nothing whatever; and the diffusion of it will not
obstruct the accomplishment of those great pur-
poses for which the National Government was
formed. I then say that, if this territory belong
to Texas, and Texas holds it, it is slave territory;
and I am for permitting it to remain as slave terri-
tory; and I am for opening a door, so far as it is
in my power, to let Kentuckians or any other peo-
ple go into that territory with their slaves. For
this reason, therefore, I cannot give my assent to
the purchase of this territory in order that it may
be converted into free territory, if that is to be the
result. I then say again, if this country belongs
to Texas, I do not want to buy it. I do not want
to give her ten millions, if it is her country, for the
chance, after making the purchase, of converting
it into free soil. I know that, if the country be-
longs to her, I am perfectly safe. 1 know that
the views I possess—if the country belongs to her,
and you will permit it to remain with her—will
be carried out literally, perfectly carried out; and
there can be no obstruction. But, sir, if she owns
it, and she sells it, and we pay ten millions for it,
what will happen after it is sold I do not know,
and nobody can tell4 I have my opinion, but it
is useless to speculate; and 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator from
Kentucky whether he will permit me to suggest to
him that the hour has arrived for taking up the
California bill? and also whether it will not be in
order to move that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of that bill?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection; but
I- wish to say that I have entertained these views
for a long time, and it appears to me that the time
has now arrived for their expression. *1 have col-
lected fact after fact which have never made their
appearance in this Senate yet; I have document
upon document which have never been referred to
yet; and if I did not suppose that I know some-
thing that never yet has been noticed, and which
I think is entitled to great consideration on this
question, I would not speak at all. I dislike,
above all things, the repetition for the thousandth
time of the same worn-out idea. Buf I do know
that there is a great deal of matter in the little
budget I have before me which never has been
brought forward, and which has much to do with
the question. But I will give way, and let the
gentleman make his motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill till half-past eleven
o'clock to-morrow, in order that the Senate may
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the ad-
mission of California.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, and it was agreed to.
THE ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union.
Mr. YULEE resumed the speech which was
interrupted yesterday by an adjournment, and
spoke for two hours and three quarters.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, then requested him
to give way for a motion to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE assented.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE said, as the yeas and nays were
called for, he should prefer to proceed, and he
hoped his friend from Mississippi would withdraw
his motion.
