450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Also, two petitions from citizens of Ontonagon,
Michigan, asking the improvement of the harbors ■
at the mouth of Ontonagon river; which were sev-
erally referred to the Committee on Commerce. j
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- j
ate the proceedings of a meeting of citizens held at
Indianapolis, Indiana, in favor of allowing bounty
lands to the officers and soldiers who served in the
several Indians wars subsequent to the Revolu-
tionA and during the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of the
Portland Society of Natural History in the State
of Maine, asking that they may be furnished with
a copy ofthe scientific works of the Exploring Ex-
pedition and "a set of the duplicate specimens in
natural history collected by said expedition;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hannibal, Missouri, asking the establish-
ment of a mail route from Hannibal to St.
Joseph, in this State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of Frederick
Dtxon, asking compensation for services rendered,
wounds received, and property sacrificed in the
military service of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition from Patrick Conway, a soldier
in the late war with Great Britain, asking to be
allowed bounty land; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition from citizens of Galena, Illinois,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
THE PATENT LAWS.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have been requested to
Eresent to the Senate the petition of Horace H.
►ay, Henry R. Dunham, James Rcnwick, and
James Stimpson, a sub-committee on behalf of a ,
Convention of Inventors, and others interested in '
patent property, which was held at Baltimore in
the month of September last.
This memorial and draught of a bill originated
with that Convention—u body representing truly
the interests of inventors and of the public. For
many years inventors and others have experienced
much vexation and inconvenience by reason of the
imperfect operations of the law of 183G, and sub-
sequent alterations and amendments have failed to
remedy the grievance, and the whole system is
now patched up, incompleteand uncertain. Never-
theless, that the benefit of judicial decisions upon :
mportant questions may not be lost, they propose
to preserve such parts of the law of J83G as ex-
perience has proved to be useful, and to add such ]
provisions as will make it, as far as may be,
equal and just in its operations, and mark clearly
the line between the rights of the inventors and
the public.
So oppressive had the operation of the patent
laws proved, that in 1845 a national convention
assembled in New York to take measures to
remedy these evils; and since that time, similar
conventions have been held in Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, and Baltimore. The draught of a bill, now
presented, was prepared by or under the direction
of three able and experienced counsellors. It was !
then considered carefully by a committee of the
convention, and, with their suggestions, referred
again to those who prepared it, that it might be .
made to conform to the views which a large ex- !
perience had matured and embodied in the shape
of amendments; and, in its present form, is the
joint production of learned counsellors and those
interested in patent property.
The present system protects neither the inven-
tor nor the public, and, by allowing collateral
contests, begets and fosters endless and profitless
litigation. The patent is granted upon private
application, and the piesent system provides no
adequate remedy for procuring it cancelled, how-
ever improperly issued. The proposed bill per-
mits any one aggrieved to institute proceedings for
its repeal, and for a direct and prompt trial of the
issue, and m prosecutions it prevents any defence,
except that the defendant is not using the inven-
tion. These are the two great and marked fea-
tures of the proposed bill—dispensing with col-
lateral litigations, and providing a direct remedy
for annulling patents erroneously issued, and thus
protecting the public on the one hand, and" the
patentee or owner on the other.
During the existence of the patent, nothing can
be more unjust and oppressive to the inventor,
who has given the productions of his genius to
the world, under a guarantee, by his Government,
of exclusive ownership for a limited period, than
to require him to litigate the validity of his patent
over any and every question which may arise col-
laterally concerning it in any court, in any part
of the United States, having jurisdiction to the
amount of a single dollar, and subjecting him to
all the embarrassments which caprice and ig-
norance may unite against him. This bill, it has
been already said, was designed to remedy this
evil, and at the same time to give security to the
public against fraud and imposition by simple,
direct, and speedy remedies.
The present is deemed a fit occasion to call the
attention of the Senate to the objects of the patent
fund, and to insist that it should be preserved for
the benefit of the inventors—sacred to the con-
tribution^ of science. No class have done more
to add to the permanent glory of the nation—the
wealth, and happiness, and elevation of the
people; and yet th«s fund is now being depre-
ciated, if not exhausted, upon objects as question-
able in point of utility, as the authority by which
they are prosecuted.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and the motion to print was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That tfie petition of John Mounts., on the files
of the Senate, be refei teel to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the docu-
ments on the hies of the Senate leUmug to the claim of N.
G. Hamilton.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the documents
in relation to the claim of Capt. George E. Mc-
Clelland's company of Florida volunteers, sub-
mitted a report, which was oidered to be printed,
accompanied by a bill to authorize the Secretary
of War to cause to be paid to Capt. George E.
McClellan, his officers, and men composing his
company of mounted volunteers full pay for
serviced rendered, subsistence and forage fur-
nished in East Florida, in the year 1840, which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to pi in t the
message of the President of the United States
covering a report made in compliance with a reso-
lution calling for the amount of prize money paid
into the Treasury of the United States, &e., re-
ported in favor of printing the same; which was
concurred in.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the ad-
verse reports made from time to time.
The adverse report made by the Committee on
Patents on the petition of Peter U. Morgan, was
considered, and on motion of Mi. BALDWIN,
the report was ordered to lie on the table.
The adverse report made by the Committee on
the Judiciary, in relation to the extension of the
maritime jurisdiction of the United States over
the rivers and harbors thereof, was considered;
and
On motion by Mr. CORWIN, the report was
ordered to lie on the table.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the ad-
veise report of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
on the claim of Francis B. Stockton for the pay-
ment of certain traveling expenses; and on motion
by Mr. KING, it was oidered to lie on the table.
The several adverse reports, on the memorial of
Isabella Cole, executrix of William Cole, the me-
morial of John Pearce, junior, the memorial of
Charles Colburn, the petition of Thomas Webb,
and John Cookern,and the memorial of Margaret
Carmick, weie taken up and concurred in.
POST OFFICE REMOVALS.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Dickinson, on the third
of January, relative to the removal of postmasters
and deputy postmasters.
Mr. GREENE on behalf of Mr. Phelps, who
appeared in his &eat for the first time since his re-
cent indisposition, proposed to amend the resolu-
tion so as to direct the inquiry to be made of the
President of the United States, instead of the Post-
master General.
Mr. DICKINSON expressed'his willingness to
accept the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I will say to the honorable
Senator from New York, that I presume he thor-
oughly understands the object he has m view in
this inquiry", and thata mistake may have occurred
on the part of the Postmaster General in appoint-
ing an individual to office where the amount to be
received by the incumbent exceeded one thousand
dollars. An occurrence of this kind did take
place. It was supposed to be an oflice that was
not worth more than one thousand dollais per an-
num, but in reality it turned out that the amount
exceeded that sum by a few hundred doliais; and
as soon as the mistake was discovered the appoint-
ment was revoked, and the matter was referred to
the Executive immediately. Is that the case in
which the honorable Senator seeks for informa-
tion ?
Mr. DICKINSON. I understand there has
been a class of appointments of tlfis nature. I do
not know of the ca&e to which the Senator alludes
particularly. It can be no great trouble, however,
to furnish us with the reply to the inquiry con-
tained in this resolution.
Mr. DAWSON. We are all aware that, ac-
cording to law, m those cases in which the emolu-
ment exceeds one thousand dollars, the appoint-
ment belongs to the Executive Department, or
rather to the President; and in all cases where it
fails below that sum, to the Postmaster General.
Now, in one case, as 1 understand, where the
amount was not precisely known, or was not par«
ticularly obseived by the clerk at the time, a com-
mission was issued by the Postmaster General;
but as soon as the mistake was discovered, the
commission was withdrawn. I only ask the hon-
orable Senator if that was the case to which he
alluded ?
Mr. DICKINSON. I know of a case in the
State of New York where the Postmaster General
assumed to appoint, and persisted in the appoint-
ment, although it was beyond his jurisdiction. I
am obliged to the gentleman from Georgia for his
statement, but I prefer to have a response to the
resolution either Irom the Postmaster General or
from the President. I have been informed that
other cases of a similar kind have occurred, though
1 do not know the fact.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 take occasion to say, that
out of the twenty thousand post offices there has
been but one appointment made by the Postmaster
General that was not within his jurisdiction, and
that was not done out of any usurpation of power
on his part, but through a mistake.
Mr. DICKINSON. I shall be among the first
to excuse it-if it is a mere mistake.
The amendment suggested by Mr. Greene on
behalf of Mr. Phelps was then agreed to, and the
resolution was adopted as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause the Senate to he informed whether the
Postmaster Genera), eithei by himself or his assistants, has
at any time removed, or attempted to remove, befoie the ex-
[inanon ot the teim tor which he was comims&iontd, by the
appointment of a successor, or in any other manner, and
how, any deputy postma^er or postmasters who held ap-
pointments under the President of the United States, made
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, under
and in puisuance ol the law of Congress entitled " An act to
chrtiige the organization ot the Fo&t Office Department, and
to provide mine effectually lor the settlement ot the accounts
thereof," appioved 2d ot July, 1836; audit any&uch removal
or removals have been made or attempted, that he Vpecify
the numbei, the names ot the officers^ and the offices they
hcid respectively; and al-=o thai he inform the Senate
whether, m hi* own name or that of either ot jus assistant*,
and which of rhem. the Fo-tumster General has appointed,
oi claimed the authority to appoint,or attempted to appoint,
person- to fill the vacancies thu- created, and i-5u< d to ihem
letters of" ippointment and commissions, or eithei, and
which of them, and ujiethet rnoie ihan one ot each or of
eiliiei was l.s-ueri to the same appoints, and to whom nnd
at what office or offices, and the reasons. therefor ; and that
a copy f)j such letters of appointment and comim-stons be
fui inched, if in his power, and if not, the substance thereof,
including nanu s^date^and signature^ ; and f.utlu-r, whether
the Po^(nia--tei Genual ha* attempted, and by what means,
to t'ufoiceany ■such removal orapponitment.
PRINTING FOR COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following for con-
sideration:
Ordered, Tnat circular ordered by committees of this
body w ith the purpose ot coll' cling information upon sub-
jects referred to theii consideration shall be executed by the
printer employed to print for the Senate.
