1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
which he pursues? During the last three or four
days we gee him, and those who act with him,
ur^inj* this bill for the admission of California
with such haste that the ordinary courtesies are
not to be extended to the Senator from Florida, to
enable him to deliver a speech which he has pre-
pared upon this question. Sir, I will detain the
Senate no longer than to say that it is my firm
conviction that'this bill will be passed the sooner
if the ordinary course be pursued and the common
courtesies be extended to Senators on this floor.
Mr. DAYTON. A single word, not to add fuel
to the flctrne or give cause for additional remark.
It is true 1 opposed the omnibus bill, and voted
against the Clayton compromise bill. Everybody
knows that those bills embodied a vast deal more
than this bill, and, from the beginning of the ses-
sion to the present time, I have always declared
myself favorable to the admission of California,
and no man knows it better than the Senator from
Missouri. I am accused of a, want of a proper
disposition to extend courtesy to the Senator from
Florida. Now, as I remarked yesterday and
again to-day, I am willing to give to-morrow and
the next day to him. Why, I am one who just
proposed to extend every courtesy to him, and I
have only to ask his friends to say when the vote
shall be taken upon this bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will only repeat that I am
not .authorized to make any arrangement as to
when this debate shall be brought to a close, but
it will be at no distant day, if it is in my power.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. They may want
to speak themselves.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir; and I should be
reluctant to cut off any gentleman who may desire
to give his views. But to return to the old topic.
Why would not the Senator give California a ter-
ritorial government? And why would henotgive
the other territories acquired from Mexico territo-
rial governments? When the Clayton compro-
mise bill was proposed, which was nothing more
than to give governments to the Territories, why
did he not sustain it? Why, the reason is obvi-
ous. Every man who was present knows that
there was but one reason, and that was bccausc
the Wilmot proviso or some prohibition of slaveiy
was not incorporated in the bill. That was the
reason avowed on the floor of the Senate, and
none other- Why did not the Senator vote for
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin,
which invested a President elected by the paity
to which the Senator belongs, a moderate man,
and one m whom he and his party had the utmost
confidence, with the power to organize territorial
governments? Why did not the Senator sustain
that proposition ? And I mightask, why has not the
Senator sustained all other propositions that have
in view the object, and that alone, to give Cali-
fornia and the other Territories acquired from
Mexico a government? But now California pre-
sents herself as a single measure—for her dignity
is not at all assailed by a connection with any
other measure whatever—with her constitution
excluding slavery from the whole territory upon
the Pacific  
Mr. PHELPS. I am reluctant to interfere with
my fiiend from Missouri, but I desire to ask him
and the Chair whether this discussion is in order?
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well, sir; in order
that my friend from Vermont may be still further
gratified, i will cut off my remarks just at this
time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The friends of California
seem to have devolved on me the duty ot calling
the yeas and nays, and a good many who yester-
day leit me without a quorum have asked me to
do it now. I therefoie call for the yeas and nays
again.
Mr. BADGER. I second the call.
Mr. TURNliY. We will give them to you.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
^dtion being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atcliuon, Badger, Barmvi/1!, Bell, Ber-
rien, JLJuilei, Clemens, Davis of JVl—'PP'j Daw&ou, Dick-
inson, Downs, Foote, Hale, H.uiilin, Huuicr, Kins, Mason,
Moiton, Noiri-, Pearcej Sebastian, S<>ul«s bturguon, i ur-
5h-v, Underwood, W aiker, and Yulee—27.
TtjAYss-—Mes>rs. Baldwin, Benton, Krigilt, Clarke, Coop-
er* LMvis- ol Ma->cu:liu elH, Dayton, JDodg<- of \Vi>eoiwn,
Duitee ot* Iowa, Douglas Ewmg, Felth, Uree. e, Houston,
Joik^ Plnlp-, Reward, elm Id-, Smith, Spiuanee, Upbatn,
Wales, Wmtcomb, and Winthrop—24.
So ti.e motion to postpone the bill was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Let us have an
Executive session.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 8, 1850.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr. BRO WN, of Mississippi, rose and addressed
the Chair.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. JONES rose and said, that he rose to a
privileged question, or a question of privilege, he
did not know which—probably both. The Com-
mittee on Rules had instructed him to report an
amendment to the 34th role, to come in at the end
of the rule.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, submitted to the
Chair, whether this was a question of privilege, or
a privileged question.
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the Chair did not know that it was either.
Mr. JONES desired to be informed by the
Chair whether the resolution under which the
Committee on the Rules was appointed, did not
authorize the committee to report at any time?
The Speaker not replying on the moment—
Mr. PRESTON KiJNG was understood to call
for the reading of the resolution under which the
committee was appointed.
Mr. McLANE, ol Maryland, said he objected
to the reading of the resolution.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair would exam-
ine the resolution under which the committee was
appointed.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to suggest, that
under the resolution authorizing the appointment,
the committee was at liberty to leport at any time.
Such was his imprevssion of its terms.
Mr. JONES. My own recollection of the res-
olution is that the committee have authority to
report at any time.
The SPEAKER repeated that the Chair would
examine the lesolution.
Mr. JONES. Whilst the Clerk is looking up
the resolution, I will call for the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, objected.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
reading.
Mr. JONES. Why, even if I had asked the
reading of the amendment as a mere privilege, I
suppose it would be read for information.
Mr. INGE hoped, he said, that it would be
read.
The SPEAKER. It is necessary to refer to the
Journal, m order to examine the resolution under
which the committee was raised. The Chair has
sent to the Clerk's office for the Journal.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will give way for a mo-
ment, that I may be permitted by the unani-
mous consent of the House, to report the general
post-route bill. Every member of the House is
interested in it. And if is very long.
Objection was made.
Mr. POTTER. All I ask is, that the bill shall
be referred, and ordered to be printed.
The objection was persisted in.
A pause ot several minutes followed, whilst the
Speaker was examining: the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds that the res-
olution under which the Committee on Rules
was appointed, was adopted on the 27th of De-
cember last, in the following words:
"Revolved, That the rules oi the Hou-e of Repie<entaUves,
as they exited at the close ot the last s-tviim ot Congress,
he adopud until the loth day ot January next, and iU.it a
standing couunUtoe ol nine members bn appointed, to be
styled the Committee on Rules, whose duty shall be to take
into consideration and report upon all subjects and matters
rel< rred to tbem, or having relation to the rules ot pioceed-
ing in this House."
The SPEAKER continued. The Chair is clear-
ly of opinion that this resolution does not make
a report of the Committee on Rules a ques-
tion of privilege, or a privileged question, nor give
power to the commitiee to report at any time. The
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] had
been recognized by the Chair, and yielded the floor
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JONES desired to be informed by the Speak-
er, whether the Chair had plaetd the Committee
on Rules on the list of committees to be called for
reports ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the Chair had recognized the Committee on Rules
as a select committee.
Mr. ASHMUN expressed the hope that those
members who desired to see the public business
transacted would insist on the call of the commit-
tees for reports being continued until the Com-
mittee on Rules should have been reached, so that
the report might he introduced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHMUN. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imons consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution.
Mr. ASHMUN insisted on the regular order of
business.
Mr. BROWN asked that the resolution might
be read for information.
Objection was made, and the regular order of
business was insisted on.
Mr. POTTER now renewed hia motion for
unanimous consent to report the general post-route
bill.
Messrs. ASHMUN and GOTT insisted on the
regular order of business.
So the report was not introduced.
Mr. McGAUGHEY rose (he said) to a question
of privilege. He asked the House to excuse him,
on account of ill health, from further service as a
member of the Committee on Elections.
Mr. McG. was excused.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is called for.
Mr. STRONG addressed the Chair.
Proceedings were suspended for some moments,
until order was restored.
Mr. STRONG then said, that it was very im-
portant that the vacancy on the Committee on
Elections should be filled without delay; and he
therefore moved that it be supplied by the Speaker.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
rules of the House be suspended, asd that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN. I hope the motion will be
voted down.
Mr. McLANE. I beg leave to say, that I have
made this motion with a view to 
Calls to oidei.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
Mr. McLANE. 1 suppose the House will al-
low me to siate that the bill which I desire to have
taken up is 
Calls to order.
Mr. McL. resumed his seat.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. McLane, and decided in the negative, with-
out a division.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for—
REPORTS.
Mr. HOLMES desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether it was now in order to move to
take up the bill making appropriations for certain
foitificatiofis ?
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der aiid could be received only by unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
MESSENGERS, &C.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, leported the fullowing resolution:
RKiolvtd, That the DoorKeepei be authorised to employ
one mesa* nger and two scavenger* in addition to tin; num-
ber ot tlie employees now authorized by the resolution of
the House.
Mr. McD. explained and supported the resolu-
tion in a few remarks, and concluded by moving
the previous question. It was seconded, the mam
question ordeied, and, being put, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. McD., also, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following r< solution, viz:
RtsoUedy That the Sergeant-at-Anns bt audmfized to
continue in his employment a clerk duting the present C'on-
gH-s-., at a s;il>iry fil turn dullui* p«*r day dining t&e Uaie ac-
tually tmplo\t:d.
Mr. McD. made some remarks in support of
