1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45!
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would-to-
morrow, or at some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to provide the incipient measures
necessary for the construction of a railroad from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SEWjyPdD. It becomes necessary that I
should ask the forbearance of the Senate for a mo-
ment, in order that I may explain some remarks
which, as I apprehended, were misunderstood in
a part of the debate whichoccurred on the bill for
the relief of Conrad W. Paber and others. I
would not trouble the Senate with any remarks
on the subjectif the misapprehension atfected my-
self personally; but it has excited some discomfort
in diplomatic quarter*.
I was understood to have stated in the debate
that I was authorized by the Secretary of State to
say that the war between Germany and Denmark
had ceased to ex ire. I have not a distinct recol-
lection of what I did say on that occasion, but
what if would have been correct to say was, that
that German Empire which was the principal in
the bond taken by this Government to preserve
the neutrality of the United States, had ceased to
exist on the 20th of December last, when the Vicar
the Archduke John surrendered his authority; and
that German Empire which he represented having
ceased to exist, at that time the operation of the
bond was spent. Sureties in a bond cannot be
made liable beyond its plain conditions, and the
parties who were to be relieved could not have
been made responsible for the acts of any other
than their own principal. X will take occasion
barely to add, that 1 had no intention at that time
—it was no part of my object—and I presume that
no other Senator had any intention or disposition
to abandon the neutral policy of the United States.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the resolutions submitted
by Mr. Clay, upon which this day had been as-
signed to the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun.]
Mr. CALHOUN. As much indisposed as I
have been, Mr. President and Senators, I have felt
it to be my duty to express to you my sentiments
upon the great question which has agitated the
country and occupied your attention. And I am
under peculiar obligations to the Senate for the
very courteous manner in which they have afford-
ed me an opportunity of being heard to-day.
I had hoped that it would have been in my pow-
er during the last week to have delivered my
views in l elation to this all-engrossing subject, but
I was prevented from doing so by being attacked
by a cold which is at this time so prevalent, and
which hiis retarded the recovery of my strength.
Acting under the advice of my friends, and ap-
prehending that it might not be in my power to
deliver my sentiments before the termination of
"the debate, I have reduced to writing what 1 in-
tended to say. And, without further remark, I
will ask the favor of my friend, the Senator be-
hind me to read it.
Mr. MASON. It affords me great pleasure to
comply with the request of the honorable Senator,
and to read his remarks.
The honorable gentleman then read Mr. Cal-
houn's remarks as follows:
■Mr. CALHOUN. I have, Senators, believed
from the first that the agitation of the subject of
slavery would, if riot prevented by some timely
and effective measure, end in disunion. Enter-
taining this opinion, I havp, on all proper occa-
sions, endeavored to call the attention of each of
the two great parties which divide the country to
adopt some measure to prevent so great a disas-
ter, but without success. The agitation has been
permitted to proceed, with almost no attempt to
resist it, until it has reached a period when it can
no longer be disguised or denied that the Union is
in danger. You have thus had forced upon you
the greatest and the gravest question that can ever
come under your consideration: How can the
Union be preserved ?
To give a satisfactory answer to this mighty
question, it is indispensable to have an accurate
and thorough knowledge of the nature and the
character of" the csuse by which the Union is en-
dangered. N Without such knowledge it is impos-
sible to pronounce, with any certainty, by what
measure it can be saved; just as it would be im-
possible for a physician to pronounce, in the'ease
of sofne dangerous disease, with any certainty,
by what remedy the patient could be saved,
without familiar knowledge of the nature and
character of the cause of the disease. The first
question, then, presented for consideration, in the
investigation I propose to make, in order to ob-
tain such knowledge, is: What is it that has en-
dangered the Union ?
To this question there can be but one answer:
that the immediate cause is the almost universal
discontent which pervades all the States com-
posing the southern section of the Union. This
widely-extended discontent is not of recent origin.
It commenced with the agitation of the slavery
question, and has been increasing ever since. The
next question, going one step further back, is:
What has caused this widely-diffused and almost
universal discontent?
It is a great mistake to suppose, as is by some,
that it originated with demagogues, who excited
the discontent with the intention of aiding then-
personal advancement, or with the disappointed
ambition of certain politicians, who resorted to it
as the means of retrieving their fortunes. On the
contrary, all the great political influences of the
section were arrayed against excitement, and ex-
erted to the utmost to keep the people quiet. The
great mass of the people of the South were divi-
ded, as in the other section, into Whigs and Dem-
ocrats. The leaders and the presses of both parties
in the South were very solicitous to prevent ex-
citement and to preserve quiet; because it was
seen that the effects of the former would necessa-
rily tend to weaken, if not destroy, the political
ties which united them with their respective par-
ties in the other section. Those who know the
strength of party ties will readily appreciate the
immense force which this cause exerted against
agitation and in favor of preserving quiet. But,
as great as it was, it was not sufficiently so to
prevent the, wide-spread discontent which now
pervades the section. No; some cause, far deeper
and more poweiful than the one supposed, must
exist, to account for discontent so wide and deep.
The question, then, recurs: What is the cause of
this discontent? It will be found in the belief of
the people of the southern Slates, as prevalent as
the discontent itself, that they cannot remain, as
things now are, consistently with honor and safety,
in the Union. The next question to be consid-
ered is: What has caused this belief?
One of the causes is, undoubtedly, to be traced
to the long-continued agitation of the slave ques-
tion on the part of the North, and the many ag-
gressions which they have made on the rights of
the South during the time, i will not enumerate
them at present,"as it will be done hereafter, in its
proper place.
There is another, lying back of it, with which
this is intimately connected, that may be regarded
as the great and primary cause. That is to be
found in the fact that the equilibrium between the
two sections in the Government, as it stood when
the constitution "was ratified and the Government
put in action, has been destroyed. At that time
there was nearly a perfect equilibrium between
the two, which afforded ample means to each to
protect itself against the aggression of the other;
but, as it now stands, one section has the exclu-
sive power of controlling the Government, which
leaves the other without any adequate means of
protecting itself against its encroachment and op-
pression. To place this subject distinctly before
you, I have, Senators, prepared a brief statistical
statement, showing the relative weight of the two
sections in the Government under the first census
of 1790 and the last census of 1840.
According to the former, the population of the
United States, including Vermont, Kentucky, and
Tennessee, which then were in their incipient con-
dition of becoming States, but were not actually
admitted, amounted to 3,929,827. Ot this num-
ber the northern States had 1,977,899, and the
southern 1,952,072, making a difference of only
25,827 in favor of the former States. The num-
ber of States, including Veimont, Kentucky, and
Tennessee, was sixteen; of which eight, including
Vermont, belonged to the northern section, and
eight, including Kentucky and Tennessee, to
j the southern; making an equal division of the
I States between the two sections under the first
! census. There was a small preponderance in the
House of Representatives, and ia the electoral col-
lege, in favor of the northern, owing to .the fact,
that, according to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, in estimating Federal numbers, five slaves
count but three; but it was too small to affect
sensibly the perfect equilibrium which, with that
exception, existed at the time. Such was the
equality of the two sections when the States com-
posing them agreed to enter into a Federal Union.
Since then the equilibrium between them has been
greatly disturbed.
According to the last census the aggregate pop-
ulation of the United Statesamounted to 17,063,357,
of which the northern section contained 9,728,920
and the southern 7,334,437, making a difference,
in round numbers, of 2,400,000. The,number of
States had increased from sixteen to twenty-six,
making an addition of ten States. In the mean-
time the position of Delaware had become doubt-
ful as to which section she properly belongs. Con-
sidering her as neutral, the northern States will
have thirteen and the southern States twelve;
making a difference in the Senate of two Senators
in favor of the former. According to the appor-
tionment under the census of 1840, there were 293
members of the House of Representatives, of
which the northern States had 135 and the south-
ern States (considering Delaware as neutral) 87;
making a difference in favor of the former in the
House of Representatives of 48. The difference
in the Senate of two members, added to this,gives
to the North in the electoral college a majority of
50. Since the census of 1840 four States have
been added to the Union; Iowa, Wisconsin,
Florida, and Texas. They leave the difference in
the Senate as it stood when the census was taken;
but add two to the side of the North in the House,
making the present majority in the House in its
favor 50, and in the electoral college 52.
The result of the whole is to give the northern
section a predominance in every part of the Gov-
ernment, and thereby concentrate in it the two
elements which constitute the Federal Govern-
ment—a mnjority of States and a majority of their
population, estimated in federal numbers. What-
ever scction concentrates the two in itself possesses
the control of the entire Government.
But we are just at the close of the sixth decade,
and the commencement of the seventh. The cen-
sus is to be taken this year, which must add great-
ly to the decided preponderance of the North in
the House of Representatives and in the electoral
college. The prospect is, also, that a great in-
crease will be added to its present preponderance
in the Senate during the period of the decade, by
the addition of new States. Two Territories, Or-
egon and Minnesota, are already in'progress, and
strenuous efforts are making to bring in three ad-
ditional States from the territory recently con-
quered from Mexico; which, if successful, will add
three other States in a short time to the northern
section, making five States; and increasing the
present number of its States from fifteen to twenty,
and of its Senators from thirty to forty. On the
contiary, there is not a single territory in prog-
ress in the southern section, and no certainty that
any additional State will be added to it during the
decade. The prospect then, is, that the two sec-
tions in the Senate, should the efforts now made
to exclude the South from the newly-acquired ter-
ritories succeed, will stand, before the end of the
decade, twenty northern States to twelve south-
ern, (considering Delaware as neutral,) and forty
northern Senators to twenty-four southern. This
great increase of Senators, added to the great in-
crease of membeis of the House of Representa-
tives and the electoral college on the part of the
North, which must take place under the next dec-
ade, will effectually and irretrievably destroy the
equilibrium which existed when the Government
commenced. . .
Had this destruction been the operation of time,
without the interference of Government, the South
would have had no reason to complain; but such
was not the fact. It was caused by the legislation
of this Government, which was appointed as the
common agent of all, and charged with the protec-
tion of the interests and security of all. The legis-
lation by which it has been effected may be classed
under three heads. The first is, that series of acts
by which the South has been excluded from the
common territory belonging to all of the States, as
the members of the Federal Union, and which
have had the effect oT extending vastly the portion
