1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
the resolution, and concluded by moving the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES said he hoped the motion would
not be insisted upon. If the gentleman would
withdraw the motion, he (Mr. J.) would renew it.
JVlr. J. proceeded, (under the supposition that
the demand for the previous question had been
withdrawn.) It would be recollected (he said) by
every member of the last Congress, and he knew
it would be recollected by the {Speaker 
Mr. McDONALD here interposed, and said
that he had not withdrawn the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES. It was certainly understood that
the gentleman had withdrawn.
A good deal of conversation followed, when, on
the statement of Mr. McDonald that he had not
withdrawn the demand for the previous question,
the Speaker said, the Chair must recognize the
previous question as pending.
Mr, DUER raised the question, by what author-
ity the Committee on Accounts had reported this
resolution r He submitted that the subject-matter
of this resolution did not come within the legiti-
mate range of the business of that committee.
The SPEAKER expressed the opinion that the
Commitiee on Accounts was authorized to make
the repot t.
Mr. INGE inquired of the Speaker, whether the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had not
taken an appeal from the decision of the Chair in
regard to the right to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand.
Mr. JONES, it appeared, indicated an appeal,
but did not insist upon it. He moved that the res-
olution be laid upon the table; and on that motion
he asked the yeaa and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 60, noes 86.
So the resolution was rot laid on the table.
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, was taken, and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 116, noes not
counted.
So there was a second.
The main question was ordered, being on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STANLY called for the reading of the res-
olution.
The resolution was read.
Mr. CLINGA1AN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 131, nays 54.
So the lesoluUon was adopted,
Mr. McDONALD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr, McDONALD, the same order
was taken in reference to the resolution previously
reported by him and adopted.
TIIE FOLDING ROOM.
Mr.McDONALD also reported, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, the following resolution, which
was read:
Resolved, That the messenger in charge of the folding
room be allowed the ?-uni of three dollars per da}, in lieu of
his pie«cnt compensation.
Mr.CAR'ITER (Mr. McD. yielding the floor)
offered the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the resolution, viz:
" Artd that the folding loom ofihe House be, and is hereby,
placed muk'f the Hip* rvisum and ermhol ol the Committee
on Account*, and Uiat John Tnomas Clement* be declared
the Biipi rintendt nt thereof, with power to appoint assist-
enl\t not exceeding three, (-uhject to the apjnov.il of s.ud
committee,) at the per diem computation ot messenger."
Mr. McDONALD briefly explained the pro-
priety of the resolution, and moved the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
The resolution and amendment were read.
The question being on laying on the table—
Mr. CLARKE addressed the Speaker, and was
recognized.
Trie SPEAKER stated that debate was not in
order.
The question was taken upon the motion of Mr.
Stevens, and was decided in the affirmative-
ayes 93, noes 46.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,asked theunani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
which he sent to the Clerk's table, that it might be
read for information.
The SPEAKER«aid, the resolution could only
be read by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not read.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays; which were refused.
- And the question having been taken, and deci-
ded in the negative, the House refused to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. BISSELL, fiom the select committee to
which had been referred the memorial of Miss
Dix, reported a bill, making a grant of public lands
in the several Sfates of the Union for the relief
and support of indigent insane persons.
The bill having been read twice by its title—
The SPEAKER said, What disposition does the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] propose to
make of the bill ?
Mr. BISSELL (scarcely heard) was understood
to indica'e his desire that the bill should be put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER said the bill would be read.
[It appropriates 10,000,000 of acres for the objcct
contemplated ]
Mr. BiSSELL called for the reading of the re-
port which accompanied the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the bill and report be referred to the Committee of
the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Bissell] is entitled to the floor, and has
asked that the report which accompanies the bill
might be read as a part of his speech.
The report was read.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the memorial
of Miss Dix, and had read it in part—when
Mr. BiSSELL suggested, that, as the memorial
was quite long, the reading should be dispensed
with.
Ordered accoidingly.
Mr. BiSSELL then inquired of the Speaker
whether, if the bill should be made the special or-
der for a paiticuiar day, it would have priority
over other business on that day ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. STANLY expressed his preference that
the bill should be put upon its passage now; but
if that could not be done, then, he suggested, that
it should be made the special order tor some par-
ticular day. He beiieved it to be a bill which
would command a more nearly unanimous vote
than any measure which had been submitted to
the consideration of the present Congress.
Mr. MARSHALL would not object, he said,
to the bill being put upon us passage. But he
had an amendment which he desired to offer, and
which he would ask might be read for informa-
tion.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Be it jurtker eiuxclcd, That tiio Slates may appropiiale
the proceeds* ot any lands herein granted, a> to litem may
seem fit, tor the benefit ot institutions already established, or
hereafter to be en-ui-d, for tin; care and education oi the
blind, provnl. d such appropnation sh,til at no tune exceed
one half ot tin- annual ptocetd> f'joni said land.
The amendment having been read 
Mr. BISSELL said: Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] to ob-
ject to making the bill the special order?
Mr. MARSHALL. No—I merely desired that
trie amendment might be read,
d 'uV'" '^^^'-'L said that the Committee on
Public Lands was consideiing a bill embracing the
object contemplated in the amendment of the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.!
Mr. MARSHALL. Do I undetstand the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] to say that
independent of this large grant of land for the use
of the indigent insane, the Committee on Public
Lands intend to report a bill for the benefit of the
blind ?
Mr. BISSELL. I so understand.
Mr. COBB, ot Alabama, asked that the resolu-
tion authorizing the Committee on Public Lands
to report a bill for the relief of the deaf, dumb,
blind, and insane, might be read.
Mr. ALBERTSON (far on the right of the
Chair) was understood to inquire, whether the
committee was instructed to report a bill ?
Mr. BISSELL said it was.
The bill was then read.
Mr. BISSELL. If there is no objection to
making this bill the special order for some partic-
ular day, us passage will not be pressed to-day.
Mr. B. yielded to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who said, I
have an amendment which I give notice of my in-
tention to offer, and which 1 ask may be read for
information. I cannot, from merely hearing the
bill read, designate the precise point at which it
should come in. I will do so at the proper time.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, rl h.it in any case when a grant of land has
hei cloture been made to aiiv one o! the States for similar
purposes, asset loith in this lull, that the same shall be
taken and counted as a parlor the quantity of land to which
such Slate shall he entitled under tim, act.
The amendment,having been read 
Mr. BISSELL said that no such appropriation
as that referred to in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] had
been made to any of the States.
Mr. SEDDON interposed, and requested Mr.
B. to yield the floor for a few moments.
Mr. BISSELL yielded.
Mr. SEDDON pioceeded. 1 merely desire to
express my earnest hope that this bill will not be
pressed to its passage at this time, but that some
mode will be adopted by which it can be properly
examined and considered. 1 hope that it may be
referred to the Commitee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or that it be made the special
order for some particular day. It is a bill for the
disposition of ten millions of acres of the public
lands. It proposes the application of the public
lands to a purpose entirely new—one in relation
to which the gravest doubts must exist in the
minds of many members as to the power of Con-
gress so to dispose of ihem. 1 trust that a meas-
ure so important, affecting the public domain so
largely, and which introduces a most important
and novel precedent, will not be passed without
proper examination and reflection. For my own
part, I have merely had the privilege of hearing
the bill read. I have not had any opportunity to
examine it. I confess it strikes my sense as un-
constitutional, and a total departure from the
proper province and functions of the Government.
But 1 do not wish to enter into a debate on the
merits of the bill at this time. I merely appeal
to the House to allow time for a fair consideration
before it is finally acted upon.
Mr. BISSELL. If this were the proper occa-
sion for entering upon an examination of the ob-
jects and merits of the bill, I hold that nothing
would be easier than to show, upon indubitable
authority, that there is nothing in it which in the
slightest degree comes in conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United States. This, however, is
not the occasion. At the suggestion of many of
the friends of the bill, as well as others, I propose
Thursday of next week as the day for which it
shall be made the special order. I hope there will
be no objection.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, rose and objected.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 bel ieve I have the floor. I
wish to say a very few words in relation to this
bill.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked Mr. B. to yield
the floor, to allow an amendment to be read which
he (Mr. C.) proposed to offer to the bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That no State shall be compelled to locate any land of a
Insg v.tlue than the present minimum price ;.and when land
cannot he found in anj State s-uhject to sale of the value of
$1 25 per acre, then it shall be lawful fo-- said State or
States to locate iheir proportion of land upon any of the
public land of the United States not otherwise appropriated
nor j-ul.jtct to preemption right. 1
Mr. BISSELL resumed. If I can have the at-
tention of the House for a few moments, I wiI0
give my understanding of the character and main
features of this bill. It proposes to appropriate
ten millions of acres to the different States of the
Union 
Mr. DUER interposed, and said, he would lik 
to hear the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr, B,.sell,] but there was so much confusion
thai it was impossible to do so.
m,1, on JfvTj"86' aml addressed the Chair.
riJ d ?■ ■ '^'le gent!eman from Illinois -
[Mr. Bissell] is entitled to the floor.
