452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
allotted to the Northern section, and restricting
within narrow limits the portion left the South;
the next consists m adopting a system of revenue
and disbursements, by which an undue proportion
of the burden of taxation has been imposed upon
the South, and an undue proportion of its proceeds
appropriated to the North; and the last is a sys-
tem of political measures by which the original
character of the Government has been radically
changed. I propose to bestow upon each of these,
in the order they stand, a few remarks, with the
-view of showing that it is owing to the action of
£Kis Government that the equilibrium between the
two sections has been destroyed, and the whole
powers of the system centered in a sectional ma-
jority.
The first of the series of acts by which the South
was deprived of its due share of the territories,
originated with the Confederacy, which preceded
the existence of this Government. It is to be
found in the provision of the ordinance of 1787.
Its effect was to exclude the South entirely from
that vast and fertile region which lies between the
Ohio and the Mississippi rivers, now embracing
five States and one Territory. The next of the
series is the Missouri compromise, which excluded
the South from that large portion of Louisiana
which lies north of 36° 30', excepting what is in-
cluded m the State of Missouri. The last of the
series excluded the South from the whole of the
Oregon Territory. All these, in the slang of the
day, were what are called slave territories, and not
free soil; that is, territories belonging to slavehold-
ing poweis, and open to the emigratioaof masters
with their slaves. By these several acts, the
South was excluded from 1,238,025 square miles,
an extent of country considerably exceeding the
entire valley of the Mississippi. To the South
was,left the portion of the Territory of Louisiana
lying south of 36° 30', and the portion north of it
included in (he State of" Missouri; the portion lying
south of'36° 30', including the States of Louisiana
and Arkansas; and the territory lymsr west of the
latter and south of 36° 30'. called the Indian coun-
try. These, with the Territory of Florida, now
the State, makes in the whole 283,503 square
miles. To this must be added the territory ac-
quired with Texas. If the whole should be added
to the southern section, it would make an increase
of 325,520, which would make the whole left to
the South 609,023. But a Urge part of Texas is
still in contest between the two sections, which
leaves it uncertain what will be the real extent of
the portion of lerritory that may be left to the
South.
1 have not included the territory recently ac-
quired by the" treaty with Mexico. The North is
making the most strenuous efforts to appropriate
the whole to herself, by excluding the South from
every foot of it. If she should succeed, it will
add to that from which the South has already been
excluded 526,078 square miles, and would increase
the whole wh;ch the North has appropriated to
herself to 1,764,023, not including the portion
that she may succeed in excluding us from in
Texas. To sum up the whole, the United States,
■since they declared their independence, have ac-
quired 2,373,046 square miles of territory, from
which the North will have excluded the South, if
she should succeed m monopolizing the newly
acquired territories, from about three-fourths of
the whole, leaving to the South but about one-
fourth.
Such is the first and great cause that has de-
stroyed the equilibrium between the two sections
in tire Government.
The next is the system of revenue and dis-
bursements which has been adopted by the Gov-
ernment. Jt is well known that the Government
has derived its revenue mamly from duties on
imports. I shall not undertake to show thatsuch
duties must necessi*.ily fall mainly ori the export-
ing States, and that the South, as the great ex-
porting portion of the (Jmon, has in reality paid
vastly more than her due proportion of the
revenue; because I deem it unnecessary, as the
subject has on so many occasions been fully dis-
cussed. Norshall I, for the same reason, under-
take to show that a far greater portion of the
revenue has been disbursed at the North than its
due share, and that the joint effect of these causes
has been to transfer a vast amount from South to
North, which, under an equal system of revenue
and disbursements, would not have been lost to
her. If to this be added, that many of the duties
were imposed, not for revenue, but for protection;
that is, intended to put money, nut in the treasury
but directly into the pockets of the manufacturers,
some conception may be formed of the immense
amount which, in the long course of sixty
years, has been transferred from South to North.
There are no data by which it can be estimated
with any certainty; but it is safe to say that it
amounts to hundreds of millions of dollars.
Under the most moderate estimate, it would be
sufficient to add greatly to the wealth of the North,
and thus greatly increase her population by at-
tracting emigration from all quarters to that section.
This, combined with the great primary cause,
amply explains why the North has acquired a
preponderance over every department of the Gov-
ernment by its disproportionate increase of popu-
lation and States. The former, as has been shown,
has increased in fifty years 2,400,000 over that of
the South. This increase of population during so
long a period, is satisfactorily accounted for by
the number of emigrants, and the increase of their
descendants, which have been attracted to the
northern section from Europe and the South, in
consequence of the advantages derived from the
causes assigned. If they had not existed; if the
South had retained all the capital which has been
extracted from her by the fiscal action of the Gov-
ernment; and, if it had not been excluded by the
ordinance of '87 and the Missouri compromise
from the region lying between the Ohio and the
Mississippi rivers, and between the Mississippi
and the Rocky Mountains north of 36° 30', it
scarcely admits of a doubt that it would have
divided the emigration with the Noith, and by
retaining her own people, would have at least
equalled the North in population under the census
of 1840,and probably under thatabout to be taken.
She would also, if she had retained her equal rights
in those territories, have maintained an equality
in the number of States with the North, and have
preserved the equilibrium between the two sec-
tions that existed at the commencement of the
Government. The loss then of the equilibrium is
to be attributed to the action of this Government.
But while these measures were destioying the
equilibrium between the two sections, the action
ot the Government was leading to a radical change
in its character, by concentrating all the power of
the system m itself. The occasion will not permit
me to trace the measures by which this great
change has been consummated. If it did, it would
not be dillicult to show that the process commenced
at an early period of the Government; that it pro-
ceeded, almost without interruption, step by step,
until it absoibed virtually us entire powers. But,
without going through the whole process to estab-
lish the fact, it may be done satisfactorily by a
very short statement.
That the Government claims, and practically
maintains, the right to decide in the last resort as
to the extent of its powers, will scaicely be denied
by any one conversant with the political history
of the country. That it also claims the right to
resort to force to maintain whatever power she
claims, against all opposition, is equally certain.
Indeed it is apparent, from what we daily hear,
that this has become the prevailing and fixed opin-
ion of a great majonty of the community. Now,
I ask, what limitation can possibly be placed upon
the powers of a Government claiming and exer-
cising such rights ? And, if none can be, how can
the separate governments of the States^maintain
and protect the powers reserved to them by t&e
Constitution, or the people of the several States
maintain those which are reserved to them, and
among others, the sovereign powers by which they
ordained and established, not only their sepaiate
State constitutions and governments, but also the
Constitution and Government of the United States?
But, if they have no constitutional means of main-
taining them against the right claimed by this Gov-
ernment, it necessarily follows that they hold them
at its pleasure and discietion, and that all the
powers of the system are in reality concentrated in
it. It also follows that the character of the
Government has been changed, in consequence,
from a Federal Republic, as it originally came from
the hands of its framers, and that it has been
changed into a great national consolidated Democ-
racy. It has indeed, at present, all the character-
istics of the latter, and not one of the former,
although it still retains its outward form.
The result of the whole of these causes com-
bined is, that the North has acquired a decided
ascendency over every department of this Govern-
ment, and through it a control over all the powers
of the system. A single section, governed by the
will of the numerical majority, has now, in fact,
the control of the Government and the entire
powers of the system. What was once a consti-
tutional Federal Republic is now convened, in re-
ality, mto one as absolute as that of the Autocrat
of Russia, and as despotic in its tendency as any
absolute Government that ever existed.
As, then, the North has the absolute control over
the Government, it is manifest that on all ques-
tions between it and the South, where there is a
diversity of interests, the interests of the latter
will be sacrificed to the former, however oppressive
the effects may be, as the South possesses no
means by which it can resist through the action of
the Government. But if there was no question of
vital importance to the South, m reference to
which there was a diversity of views between the
two sections, this state of things might be endured
without the hazard of destruction to the*South.
But such is not the fact. There is a question of
vital importance to the southern section, in refer-
ence to which the vievvs and feelings of the two
sections are as opposite and hostile as they can
possibly be.
I refer to the relation between the two races in
the southern section, which constitutes a vital por-
tion of her social organization. Every portion of
the North entertains views and feelings more or
less hostile to it. Those most opposed and hos-
tile regard it as a sin, and consider themselves
under the most sacred obligation to use every effort
to destroy it. Indeed to the extent that they con-
ceive they have power, they regard themselves as
implicated in the sin, and responsible for sup-
pressing it by the use of all and every means.
Those less opposed and hostile, regard it as a
crime—an offence against humanity, as they call
it; and although not so fanatical, feel themselves
bound to use all efforts to effect the same object;
while those who are least opposed and hostile,
regard it as a blot and a stain on the character of
what they call the nation, and feel themselves
accordingly bound to give it no countenance or
support. On the contrary, the southern section
regards the relation as one which cannot be de-
stroyed without subjecting the two races to the
greatest calamity, and the section to poverty, deso-
lation, and wretchedness; and accordingly they
feel bound by every consideration of interest and
safety, to defend it.
This hostile feeling on the part of the North
towards the social organization of the South long
lay dormant, but it only requiied oorae cau^e to
act on those who felt most intensely that they
were responsible for its continuancc, to call it into
action. The increasing power of this Govern-
ment, and of the control of the northern section
over all its departments, furnished the cause. It
was this which made an impression on the minds
of many that there was little or no restraint to
prevent the Government from doing whatever it
migl^ choose to do. This was sufficient of itself
to put the most fanatical portion of the North in
action for the purpose of destroying the" existing
relation between the two races in the South.
The first organized movement towards it com-
menced in 1835. Then, for the first time, societies
were organized, piesses established, lecturers sent
forth to excite the people of the North, and in-
cendiary publications scattered over the whole
Soutn, through the mail. The South was tho-
roughly aroused. Meetings weie held every-
where, and resolutions adopted, calling upon the
North to apply a remedy to arrest the thieatened
evil, and pledging themselves to adopt meas-
ures for their own protection if it was not ar-
rested. At the meeting of Congiess, petitions
poured in from the North, calling upon Congress
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia,
and to prohibit what they called the internal slave
trade between the States, announcing at the same
time that their ultimate object was to abolish
slavery, not only m the District, but in the States
and throughout the Union. At this period the
number engaged in the agitation was small, and
possessed little or no personal influence.
Neither party in Congress had, at that time, any
sympathy with them or their cause. The mem-
bers of each paUy presented their petitions with
