1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
Mr. BISSKLL was about to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
his remarks until order is restored.
Mr. BAYLY. I claim the floor. The morn-
ing hour has expired. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. BfSSELL. I hope the motion will not be
insisted on.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. STANLY invited the Speaker to state the
effect of the motion (if it should prevail) upon the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the motion to
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, if it should prevail, will be that
this bill will go on the Speaker's table, and come
lip in the order of bills on their engrossment.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and, by ayes 68, noes 61, was decided
in the affirmative.
So the motion was agreed to.
On motion by iVlr. B1SSELL, submitted by con-
sent, the bill and accompanying report were or-
dered to be printed.
And then the House passed to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmuting
a statement of the amount of money paid m each
year since 1790, out of the Treasury of (he United
States, to be expended in the District of Colum-
bia, &c., in compliance with a resolution of the
Houise of the 26th of July, which, on motion by
Mr. Bayly, was laid upon the table and ordered
to he primed.
Mr. DUER moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the Presi-
dent's message in regard to California was first in
Older.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BA.YLY moved to lay aside the California
message, with the view to move to take up the
Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation Bill.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the California message was laid aside.
OREGON LAND TITLES, &C.*
Mr. THURSTON said he wished the com-
mittee to bear with him while he briefly stated the
reasons for a motion which be desired to make.
He was aware that any statement of reasons was
not in order, except by^ the unanimous consent of
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
cou'd proceed by universal consent.
No objection being made,
Mr. TH URSTON said; It is well known to the
committee that over two months have elapsed since
the Oregon land bill was considered by this com-
mittee. When the committee rose from Us former
sitting on this bill, and the House adjourne^, it
was well known and fully undeistood, that
there was a general understanding in the House
that the Oregon land bill would be the next busi-
ness in order after the California bill should be
completed. But it was equally well understood,
that at that time no one had the most distant idea
that the California bill would have been delayed so
long. That bill hed been laid aside day after day,
for the consideration of other business. Now, sir,
it is laid aside again, and! move to take up the
Oie^on land bill.
It is too well known, I am sure, for me to re-
mind the committee, that the people of Oregon
have been living and waiting m that Territory for
the last twelve years, without being able to get a
legal title to land enough on which to bury them-
selves. Every mail which reaches me from that
country, brings me intelligence of the complainis
of the people*, and the distractions which prevail,
by reason of being left by this Government in such
an uncertain state as to their land, and land titles.
Th^r are asking me, why it is that Congress so de-
lays; and I am teaztd on the right hand and left
Two years ago, the Congress nullified all their
laws affecting the title to lands, leaving them no
security for property or farms^mt what is found
in the law of force. Our people have been loyal—
have waited long and patiently—have confided im-
plicitly in the generosity of the nation, and now,
I must say it, sir, they are beginning to fear, and
to fear justly, that another session of the patri-
archs of the country is to pass without relieving
their fears or gratifying their hopes.
All these things com pi re to render everything
in Oregon uncet tarn and vexatious. By this maii^
I learn that Governor Lane has resigned his office,
who, it gives me great pleasure to say, has dis-
j charged the duties of his office with great prompti-
tude, fidelity, and ability in every respect; but,
learning he had been removed, and daily expect-
ing his successor, he has, for reasons not known
to me, disrobed himself of his gubernatorial gar-
ments, which were by no means dishonored by
the manner in which they were worn. Hjs suc-
cessor has not yet been heard fiom, though the
time at which he was expected has long since
elapsed. Oiegon, then, is without a Governor,
unless those duties are discharged by the Secre-
tary of the Territory. This, then, is the state of
affairs there, and it is not to be wondered that I
feel deeply for the welfare of this people, who
have intrusted their interests to my hands: and
God forbid that by me they shouid ever be ne-
glected, deserted, or forgotten.
In view of these facts, 1 must most earnes'ly
ask the committee to sustain my motion, and to
take up the bill (Cries from all parts of the
House, "Yes, let us have Oregon—oh, take up
the Oregon bill—Oregon must be attended to.")
He moved to take up the bill No. 250, making
donations of the public lands to settlers in Ore-
gon, & c.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAVLY moved to take up bill No. 334,
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic jj
expenses of the Government for the year ending lj
the 30th of June, 3851. ij
Mr. THURSTON appealed to Mr. Bayly to j;
withdraw his motion. !i
Mr. BAYLY said, he made the motion that the
committee might have both motions before them
and select between the two.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Bayly, (being first in order,) and was decided in
the negative.
So the committee refused to take up the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
OREGON LAND TITLES.
The motion of Mr. Thurston was put and
agreed to.
So the bill "to create the office of surveyor
general of the pubhe lands in Oregon, and to pro-
vide for the survey, and to make donations to
settlers of the said public lands," was taken up.
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired if the five min-
utes rule did not prevail ?
The CHAIRMAN -stated that the committee
were now anting under the five minutes rule, the
general debate having been closed.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the motion of the gentleman from !!
Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] to strike out the fourth sec- i|
tion. !'
The fourth section was read, as amended when ;<
the bill was last up. ji
The question being on the motion to strike out,
Mr. THtJRS L'ON said: Mr. Chairman, I move, j
merely fro forma, to «tnke out this part of the ;j
fourth section relating to American half-breed In- j
dians, to enable me to say a word upon the mo- |j
lion now under consideration, which is to strike !
out the whole of the fourth section. That motion, '
sir, was made by the gentleman from Ohio, be- j
cause the committee had incorporated an amend- i
ment into it requiring all foreigners to produce rec- ;
ord evidence of the completion of their naturali-
zation, before they should get a final patent for
their land. This being the ground of the motion
to strike out the whole secuon, I simply have to
say to the committee, that i hope the motion wili
not prevail, and will withdraw my amendment
The question was taken, and the motion to strike
out was i ejected.
Section five was read, as follows :
Sec. 5. be it further enacted, That to ail w hite male
[American ciuzen^] citizens of the United Stales, or jier^ons
emigrating from the United St.it■ s. ami vk'j nhaU have made
a dcclarutun of ui'ention to become suck, above the ;>i>e of
twenty-one years, emigrating to and settling in i*iud Terri-
tory be.ween the first day of December, eighteen hundred
and filt),and the first day of December, eighteen hundred
and fiity-flve, and to at} white male American i nizens, not
hereinbefore provided for, becoming oue-and-twewty vears
of a«e in said Teiutory and -settling therebetween the times
la-t afoies.aui, who r hnll m other respects comply with the
foregoing section and the provisions ot this law, ihcie shall
be, and hereby i*, granted the quantity "of one quarter sec-
tion, or one hundred and s-ixlv acres* of iand, if a single man;
or if mairied, or if he >hali become married wuhni one
j,*ar from the time ol arriving in paid Territory, or within
one year alter becoming twenty-one years of age as afore-
said, then the quantity ol one half-section or ihree hundred
and twenty acies, one, hall to the husband, and the other
halt to the wife in her own right, to he designated b.v the
^urvej or general a  aforesaid: Provided, always, That no
person shall ever receive a patent tor more man one dona-
tion ot land in said Territory in Ins or bet own right.
The Committee on Public Lands had reported
an amendment to strike out the parts inserted in
brackets [] and to insert the part m italics.
The question was taken and the amendment was
agreed to.
Sections six, seven, eight and nine, were read
and passed without amendment or objection.
Section ten was next read. The part in italics
being the proposed amendment of the Committee
on Public Lands.
Stc. 10. Jlnd be U further enacted, That there be, and
hereby ijj, granted to the Territory ot Orego'n, the quantity
of two townships of land in taid Teihlorv, west of the Cas-
cade mountain*, and to be selected in hgal subdivisions,
after the $ame hat, been surveyed arid ojfeted at jiuhtic sale,
and in quantities not less than onesectijn or six huniied and
jorty acres, by the Legislative Assembly of said Territory,
in >uch manner as. it may deem proper, one to be located
north and the othf r south of the Columbia river, to aid in
the establishment ot a University in the Teriitory ol Oregon,
in such manner a  the said LegMative Assembly may direct,
the selection to be appioved by the suivc>or genual.
Mr. THXJRSTON moved to amend the amend-
ment by strikingtherefrom the words " and offered
at public sale."
Mr. T. said he wished to say but a few words,
as but a few were necessary to convince the com-
mittee that it should prevail. The amendment
recommended by the Committee on Public Lands
Mr. Chairman, to the bill introduced by the Com-
mittee on Territories, made a reservation of two
townships of land for the endowment of a univer-
sity; but the amendment was so framed as to ma-
terially lessen the value of the reservation. The
Land Committee's amendment authorized a selec-
tion of the land after the public lands should be
surveyed, and offered at public sale. Now, Mr.
Chairman, the bill under consideration is a dona-
tion bill, and it is contemplated £0 be kept in force
for five years, during which time it was not in
contemplation to bring any of the public lands
of Oregon into market. Hence, if the amendment
of the Land Committee was to prevail, without
amendment, no selection could be made for five
yeais, or while this bill was in force, whereas it
is extremely desirable that the selection should
be made as soon after the lands were surveyed as
possible. ' My amendment accomplishes this;
hence i hope it wiii prevail.
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
committee a-? amended.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands, by striking
out all of the amendment after the word 44 sur-
veyed. "
The committee rose informally, [and a message,
in writing, was rtceived from the Piesulent of the
United States, by the hands of Robert G. Camp-
bell, Esq.] The committee then resumed its
session.
After a brief explanation by Mr. VINTON"—
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agieed to.
The question recunng on the amendment as
amended, was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment of the committee as amended,
was agreed to.
Section eleven being under consideration, as fol-
io ws;
Skc. 11. J3nd be it further ena ted, That what is known
as the " On gun Cm claim,-' evcepnus: th ' Alienn-tnv i&land,
shall he f-et apart and be at the dn-po-atoi the. L< gifl.ttive
A-~~embl\, the prooet d^ thereof to bt applied l>y j-aid h• jrjs-
lauve A-semh/y to the e.-t,iiih>hment and endow ment of" a
Univei-ity, to be locan d at s-ueh place 111 Urn 'JYriiioryas
ihe Legislative A> t mbly m.ij designate: Pro aidedt kcweier,
Tiiat ail lot?- and par is ol lots 111 said claim, sold or donated
by Doctor John McLaughlin previous to th© fourth day of
