1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
March, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, shall be confirmed
to the purcha er or donee, or their assigns, to be certified to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office by the sur-
veyor general, and patents to it-sue on said certificates as in
other cases : Provided," &c., &e.
Mr. THURSTON moved the following amend-
ment, to come in after the word " island," viz:
** Which is hereby confirmed to the legal as-
signees of the Williamette Milling and Trading
Company."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Sections twelve and thirteen were read, and
passed without amendment,
The hill having: been read through—
Mr. FITCH said, he had an amendment to pro-
pose as an additional section, which was necessary,
and which met with the approval of the Delegate
from Oregon.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jini be it further enacted, That no mineral lands
or lands reserved f°r valines, shall be liable to any claim
under and by virtue of the provisions of tins act.
Pending the question on the amendment of Mr.
Fitch,
On motion by Mr. WHITE, a verbal amend-
ment was made on the thirteenth section.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 13 And be it further cn acted, That all questions
arisjntr under this act shall be adjudged by the surveyor
pfiitt'ral, on the principles of justice auri equity, subject to
the rurht of appeal by suit, or otherwise, to the courts of
the Territory, by the* party aggrieved ; and it shall be the
duty of tbe eurveym geneial, under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, to cause proper
tract books to he opened for the lands in Oregon, and to do
and perform all other acts and things necessary and proper
to cany out the provisions of this act.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the thirteenth
section, by striking out the words, " subject to
the right of anpeal, by suit or otherwise, by the
court of the Territory by the party aggrieved."
Mr. V. briefly explained his amendment.
Some conversation and explanations followed,
in which Messrs. VI1NTON, SACKETT, STE-
VENS of Pennsylvania, and THURSTON, par-
ticipated.
Mr. THURSTON said; Mr. Chairman, if the
gentleman from Ohio will withdraw his amend-
ment, I will renew it, if insisted upon, after my
explanation. The gentleman withdraws it, and I
renew it, for the purpose of explanation. The
reason why the thirteenth section was added to
the bill, was based on a preexisting state of things
in Oregon. For the last five years jhe people of
Oregon have taken and held their claims by virtue
of a clause in the organic act of the late provis-
ional government. That organic act required cer-
tain things to be done, not now necessary to be
stated, to entitle one to hold a claim. Those
claims werfe taken and recorded, and it frequently
happened that a dispute arose between adjoining
claimants, as to the boundary of their respective
claims. Those disputes were frequently taken
into the courts of the county, and adjudicated on
legal principles. Now it was thought proper by
th*3 Committee on Territories, as well «s the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in the House and Senate,
to provide, first, that the surveyor general should
decide the case, when a dispute arose about con-
flicting boundaries, before a patent should issue.
But the section also provides, that m case either
party is dissatisfied with hi«? judgment, he may
appeal to the courts of the Territory, where the
dispute would be decided by the evidence m the
case, regulated by the law governing in such cases
under the provisional government of Oregon. My
own opinion is, that the section should stand.
Mr. VINTON (at the suggestion of Mr. Sack-
ett) modified his amendment, so as to strike out
all after the word "that" to the word "it" as
follows:
" All questions arising under this act shall be adjudged by
the surveyor genera' on principles of justice and equity,
subject to ihe n«lu of appeal, by suit or otherwise, to the
courts ol the Termoiy, by the party aggiicved."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the section, by striking out the words "on
principles 'of justice and equity, subject to the
right of appeal by suit or otherwise, to the courts
of the Territory, by the party aggrieved," and to
insert in lieu thereof the words " as preliminary
to a final decision according to law."
Further brief conveisational explanations were
made hv Messrs. STEVENS of Pennsylvania
MARSHALL, SACKETT, and THURSTON. '
The question was taken, and
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Vinton.
Mr. VINTON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL moved the following amend-
ment: to insert after the word " questions,'1 the
words "of difference between settlers."
Mr. THURSTON appealed to the gentleman
from Kentucky not to press his amendment.
After some conversation—
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred, an^ was taken upon the
amendment of Mr. FiTCrfpto add an amendment to
•constitute the fourteenth section, (as above, and it
was agreed to.)
'Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said, he would propose
an amendment, and he assured the gentleman from
Oregon in so doing he had no intention to embar-
rass the bill. Tne amendment was read, as follows:
Protlleil, That the provisions of this act which relate to
a donation of public lands to actual settlers, shall extend to
ail the public lands belonging to the United States, except
as to the quantity, which shall not exceed one hundred and
sixty acres to each head of a family.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, as not germane to the bill.
Mr. THURSTON moved that the committee
rise, and report the bill and amendments to the
House.
The motion was put and agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
the bill and amendments.
The question being on concurring in the amend-
ments of the committee—
Mr. WHITE moved the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The amendments were read, and no separate
vote being demanded, they were agreed to in the
aggregate.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. THURSTON moved that the vote by
which the bill had been passed be reconsidered,
and that that motion be laid on the table.
Which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn. Re-,
jected.
The question recurred and was taken upon the
motion of White, and was decided in the
affirmative. ™
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN announced the California
message to be the first business in order.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the me&sage be laid
aside with a view to move to take up the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired, in case
he made themotion which he intended to make, to
take up the river and harbor bill—if it would not
be regarded by the Chair as an appropriation bill ?
Tiie CHAIRMAN said, he could not regard it
as one of the regular appropnation bills provided
for by the rule.
_ Mr. McLANE submitted to the Chair, that the
river and haibor bill had always been regarded as
one of the appropriation bills by the rules of the
House.
The CHAIR said, the Chair was not called
upon to decide that question now.
Mr. McLANE suggested, that if he submitted
the point, the Chair would have to decide it.
The CHAIR. The pending question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] to lay aside the California message.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the California message was laid aside.
The CHAIR then recognized
Mr. BAYLY, who moved that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
After some conversation between Mr. McLane,
of Maryland, and the Chair, as to the right to the
floor—
The committee proceeded to the consideiation
of the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1851tand for other purposes.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill. He had
proceeded some way, when—
Mr. GREEN suggested that the general reading
of the bill should be dispensed with, and that it
should be read by items.
Objection being made, the Clerk proceeded with
the reading of the bill.
It numbers forty-three pages.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. EWING suggested that its further reading
should be dispensed with.
Objection was made.
The reading of the bill was continued and con-
cluded.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, then obtained the
floor. He said: When the President's message
was read at the Clerk's desk on Wednesday, it
struck me as the most extraordinary paper which
had ever emanated from an American President.
I have since read it carefully, and my first impres-
sions have been strengthened and confirmed.
The document is extraordinary for iis bold as-
sumptions; extraordinary for its suppression of
historical truth; extraordinary for its warlike tone;
and still more extraordinary for its supersilious
defiance of southern sentiment.
The President assumes that to be true which
covers the whole ground in controversy, and to do
this he has been driven to the necessity of sup-
pressing every material fact; and having thus laid
the basis of the message, he proceeds to tell us
what are the means at his disposal for maintain-
ing his positions; and winds up with a distinct
threat, that if there is not implicit obedience to his
will, these means will be employed to insure the
obedience which he exacts.
Kings and despots have thus talked to their
subjects and their slaves, but this is the first in-
stance when the servant of a free people, just
tossed by accident into a place of power, has
turned upon his masters, and threatened them with
fire and sword if they dared to murmur against his
imperial will.
The President sits down to address his first im-
portant message to Congress, and, as if forgetful
of his position, and mistaking this for a military,
instead of a civil government, he tells us he is
commander-in-chief of the army and navy of the
United States, and of the militia of the several
States when called into actual service. I-Ie -next
proceeds to inform us that all necessary legislation
has been had to enable him to call this vast mili-
tary an*} naval power into action. No further in-
terposition of Congress is asked for or desired.
His duties are plain, and his means clear and am-
ple, and we are told with emphasis, that he in-
tends to enforce obedience to his decrees.
A stranger who knew nothing of our institu-
tions might well have supposed, from the reading
of the message, that the President was a military
despot; and to have seen him striding into the
House of Representatives with a drawn sword,
pointing first to the army, and then to the navy,
and then to the militia, one, by a very slight tran-
sition, might have supposed himself m the presence
of Oliver Cromwell, instead of Millard Fillmore.
Why, sir, this redoubtable military hero, who
"i^eve'r seta squadron in the field, nor does the
division of a battle know more than a spinster,
talks as flippantly to Congress and the people
ahout commanding the army and navy and mil-
itia of the United States, as if he were a conquer-
ing hero addressing his captives, instead of a civil
magistrate making his first obeisance to his supe-
riors.
Am I to be told by the friends of the President,
that no threat was implied in his late insolent and
insulting message—that he did not mean to threaten
or menace Texas or the South, by the language
employed in that paper? Then why inform U3
that he is commander-in-chief of the naval and
military power of the Government? Why buckle
on his armor? Why present himself here pano-
plied, as if for war, if his mission was one of
peace? Was it necessary for the information of
Congress, or of the country, that the Piesident
should tell us that he is the constitutional com-
mander-in-chief of the arm;y and navy? Why
tell us, with so much of precise detail, what laws
