1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
were in force amplifying his powers under the
Constitution, if he did not mean to intimidate us?
Why, sir, did he inform us that his duty was
plain, and his authority clear and ample, if he did
not mean to close the argument, and rely upon
the sword? The whole scope and purpose of the
message is clear and palpable. It was intended
to duve Texas and the South into meek submis-
sion to the Executive will. Instead of entering
into a calm and statesman-like reviefr of the mat-
ters in controversy, he leaps at one bound to his
conclusions—asserts at once that Texas has no
rightful claim to the territory in dispute. He
plants his foot, brandishes his sword, and, in true
Furioso style, declares that—
"Who*o dare* his boots displace,
Shall meet Bombastes face to face."
Well, sir, we shall see how successful this dis-
play of military power on the part of the illus-
trious " commander-in-chief of the army and
navy" will be in bringing the South to a humili-
ating surrender.
If there be any one here or elsewhere, Mr.
Chairman, who supposes that the President has
acted properly in this matter, let me speak to him
calmly. !s there an instance on record where a
friendly Power has gone with arms in his hands
to treat with another fnendly Power? Texas is
not only a fnendly Power, but she is a State of j!
this Union, allied to us by every tie, political, i|
social, and religious, which can bind one people j
to another. Her Chief Magistrate has witnessed \
with pam and sorrow, an attempt .on the part of ;j
this Government to wrest from his State a portion
of her territory. Be thinks the President may
not becognizant of these transactions. He knows
it is being done without authority of law; and
what course does he take? He writes to the
President a respectful note, informing him, in sub-
stance, that an officer of the atmy, stationed in
Santa Fe, had interposed adversely to the authority
of Texas, and was fomenting discord, and exciting
the inhabitants torebellion. He made a respectful
inquiry, as to whether this officer was acting m
obedience to the will or wishes of the Piesident.
Now, sir, how was this inquiry answeied? Did
the President make a respectful answer to a le-
spectful inquiry ? No, sir. He goes off in a blaze
of military fire; points to his military trapping—
'• Here is my army, here is my navy, and theie
is the militia; my mind is made up; 1 do approve
of the conduct of my civil and military governor
in Santa Fe, and if you attempt to displace him,
or question his authority, war, war, war to the
knite will be the consequence." Such, sir, is
my reading of the President's message. Was
there ever such a beginning to a fnendly negotia-
tion? Suppose Great Britain had sent a military
force to take possession of our northeastern territory
or of Oregon, and the British officer in command
had issued his proclamation c.tlling the inhabitants
together to make and establish a government ad-
verse to the United States, and in total disregard
of her claim; suppose that, on seeing this, the Piesi-
dent of the United States had addressed a respect-
ful inquiry to the British Government, to know
if this proceeding was approved; and then, sir,
suppose the British Minister had replied, " Her
majesty has so many ships of the line, so many
war steamers. Her military resources are thus and
so. She approves of the conduct of her officer in
Oregon or in Maine. Her duty is plain and het
means ample for maintaining the authority she
has assumed." What, let me ask you, men and
patriots, would have been thought of conduct like
this ? Would the American President have dared
to outrage the sentiment of his country by pocket-
ing such an insult; and then proceeding with the
negotiation? If he had, is there one man in all this
broa d land who would not, with his lastgasp, have
heaped curses and imprecations upon his head ?
And shall this Government force an insult upon
Texas, a sister of the Confederacy, which she
would not and dare not take from any power on
God's earth ? ' .
X know not what course Texas may think it her
duty to take in this emergency. But, sir, if she
strike for her honor—if she strike for her altars and ;j
her fuesides—if she strike for hherty and law, I
warn her oppressors that she will not strike alone.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have said that the Presi-
dent has virtually taken this question of the dis-
puted boundary between Texas and the United
States out of the hands of Congress, and has as-
sumed, by an executive pronunciamiento, to settle
the whole matter adversely to Texas;—and* I will
show that he means this, if he means anything.
As for anything which appears in the message,
Texas never had a shadow of claim to any part of
the country in dispute. The President is partic-
ular in stating1 that the country was a part of New
Mexico prior to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
and recites at full length the fifth, eighth, and
ninth articles of that treaty, to show that the coun-
try belongs to the United States, and that he is
bound to protect it by military power. But he
wholly omits to say anything of the grounds on
which Texas bases her claim; not one word of*
her revolutionary rights; nothing of her treaties
with Mexico; not a sylable about her boundary
as defined m her Constitution of 1836; no refer-
ence to the negotiations which led to her annexa-
tion; nothing of the opinions of his predecessors
and their cabinets, recognizing the rights of Texas
within the boundary as prescribed by her Consti-
tution; and lastly, no mention of the crowning act
of annexation—the resolutions of March 1, 1845,
by which the star of her existence was blotted out
and her political institutions buried m those of the
United States.
If Mr. P'lllmore had thought it worth bis while
to look into these matters, he would have found
his duty not quite so plain, nor theobiigation quite
so imperative to use the naval and military power
of this Government to crush Texas, it she dared
to assert her rightful claim to the country in dis-
pute.
I commend the history of this transaction to
the President and his advisers before they com-
mence hanging the Texans for treason. Perhaps
it may be found that Texas acquired some lights
by her revolution and by her tieaty with Santa
Anna. It may turn out that she placed the evi-
dence of her rights on record in the enduring form
of a written constitution. It may appear that the.se
rights were recognized by every department of this
Government in its negotiations and debates on
the treaty of annexation, it will most certainly
appear that these rights were solemnly recognized
by this Government in the final consummation of
that treaty. By the resolutions of annexation,
approved. March 1, 1845, it was provided, among
other things, that all that part of Texas lying
south of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes
north latitude, should be admitted into the Union
with or without slavery as the people might elect;
and in all that part lying north of the said parallel
of thirty-six degrees and thirty-minutes, slavery
should be prohibited. Now, sir, what does this
language mean, and why was it employed ? Texas,
as we all know, had defined her boundaries; she
fixed her western limits on the Rio Grande, from
its mouth to us source, and she extended her
northern limits to the pcuullel of 42°. Hence, when
she asked admission into the Union, there was no
dispute between her and the United States as to
where her boundaries were. She piesemed her-
self with fixed boundaries, and we took her as she
was. By a solemn compact, as binding in its
forms as a treaty between nations could make it,
and as plain in us terms as our language could ex-
press it, we accepted her, and shaped her policy
through all after-Urne on the subject of slavery.
Her territory north of 36° 3U' was to be free, and
all south of that line was to be slave territory.
(Such was the contract between Texas and the Uni-
ted States—the only contracting parties. Texas
presented herself bounded on the west by the
Rio Grande and on the north by the 42d parallel,
and we took her as she picsenied herself. We
had either to do this or not take her at all. All
the debates, ail the negotiations, ail that was writ-
ten or said on the subject pending the treaty of an-
nexation, shows that this was the understanding
of both patties. True, there was an outstanding
dispute between Texas and Mexico about the sep-
arate or independent existence of Texas. Mexico
denied the nationality of Texas. The United
States admitted it; and treated with her as a sover-
eign. Mark you, Mexico did not dispute with
Texas about a boundary, but about her separate
national independence. We admitted Texas, by a
treaty entered into between her and the United
States, into the Union of these States, and we un-
dertook to defend, to protect, and maintain her
against Mexico. We did this in good faith—we
went to war with Mexico. That war resulted m
Mexico giving up all the territory that lay within |j
the limits of Texas, as defined by herself, and in
her ceding other vast tracts of country to the Uni-
ted States. Now, sir, what do we hear ? Why,
that certain teiritory within her constitutional lim-
its at the peiiod of annexation, never did belong to
Texas; but that it was an integral part of Mexico.
And though we assumed to say how much of it
should be free and how much slave territory, it
was in truth and in fact foreign territory. By
what right did the American Congress undertake
to say that so much of Mexican territory as lay
north of 36$° should be free, and all below that
slave territory? Congress undertook no such
thing. We all thought then, as I think now, that
the country belonged to Texas; and we consulted
with no one else—contracted with no one else in
regard to it.
The President has with great care traced out the
line between the United States and Mexico, as de-
fined in the, treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and
has dwelt on the fifth, eighth, and ninth articles of
that tieaty with great apparent unction, as sus-
taining his position of hostility to Texas. Sir,
what had Texas to do with that treaty? What
matters it with Texas as to what contract the Uni-
ted States may have made with Mexico ? Time
was, when Texas was a sovereignty amon? the
nations of the earth; we so acknowledged herj
we contracted with her in that capacity:—what
she demands to day is, that you fulfill the contract
made with her. She is no party to your contract
with Mexico; she demands good faith in the exe-
cution of th&t contract by which you obtained her
sovereignty, and agreed to protect her against
Mexico;—she protests against your protecting her
against Mexico, and dismembering her yourself.
When, Mr. Chairman, the President was telling
us what weie his duties under our treaty wuh
Mexico, 1 pray you, was it not his duty io have
told us what were his duties under the treaty with
Texas? And when he was dwelling with so much
delight upon the three articles of the treaty of Hi-
dalgo, as the law which he was going"to enforce
with fire and sword, was it not worth his while to
have made some passing notice of the treaty of
1845 with Texas? Or has it come to this, that a
Free-Soil President feels under no obligations to
execute a contract with a slave State. 1 suppose,
with ti ue Catholic instincts, he does notfeel bound
to keep faith with heretics.
Santa Fe, the country where Lieutenant General
Fillmore is going to halt his grand army, and
through which, i suppose, Commodore Fillmore
may be expected to sail with his naval fleet, lies
not only south of the northern boundary of Texas
—that is, 4'2° north latitude—but it is m fact south
of the compromise line of 36° 30' by many miles.
Not only has the President, in setting asid the
\e%tx\ boundary of Texas, as defined in her consti-
tution and recognized by this Government m va-
rious forms, outraged her rights, and covered at
one sweep every inch of ground m dispue be-
tween the United States and Texas, but he has
gone further, much further; he has established, or
attempted to establish, a principle which threatens
the very existence of Texas as a separate State.
What says the President ? That he is bound, by
the highest official obligations, to protect the Mex-
ican inhabitants of Santa Fe or New Mextco, as
he is pleased to call it, against the authority of
Texas. He has announced, that if Texa^ attempts
to assert her authority in that country, and to
punish those who commit overt acts of treason
against her, he wiil resist her with the whole
naval and military power of the Government.
Bear in mtnd, that this country is within her
limits, as defined by her constitution of 1836, and
within the limits ot the slave portion ot this Ter-
ritory, as defined by the resolutions of annexa-
tion. Now, where does the President look for
Ills authority thus to resist the authority of Texas?
Not, sir, to the treaty of annexation, but to the
treaty with Mexico, and to the eighth and ninth
articles of that treaty. He finds here that .Mexicans
residing in the Territory ceded to the United Srates
by Mexico, shall4>e protected in their lives, liberty,
property and religion. Planting himself on these
stipulations, he announces his fixed determination
to defend the Mexican inhabitants against the au-
thority of Texas. The treaty with Mexico is the
only law for his government in this regard. He
wholly discards and treats with contempt the treaty
with Texas. He looks to but one boundary—that
established by the Mexican treaty. He looks to but
