1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMt
and the manufacture of iron. From evidence that
has been furnished me, I can state confidently to
the Senate that nearly one half of the number of
furnaces that were in operation in Pennsylvania at
the close of the year 1847, have now blown out
altogether, in consequence of the inadequacy of
the prices to be obtained for iron. The produc-
tion is now less than one half of what it was at
the time to which I have referred; although per-
haps more than a majority of the whole number
of furnaces and forges may be stili in operation.
I say, however, confidently, that not one half of
the quantity of iron is produced now which was
produced at the period mentioned. The conse-
quence is, that a very large number of people, who
derive their subsistence from labor in the furnaces,
forges, and foundries of that State, are now out of
employment, and many of them in a state of ab-
solute destitution. The consequences of the dim-
inution in the production of iron is not felt among
those engaged in that department of industry alone,
but is felt,also, and that severely, among those en-
gaged in mining coal and other industrial occupa-
tions.
ft is known to you, sir, that in late years a
very large quantity of anthracite coal has been
consumed in the furnaces and forges m operation
in the eastern part of the State. The demand for
coal for this purpose has fallen off' within the last
two years nearly, if not altogether, one half; and
the consequence is, that those engaged in that
branch of our industry in Pennsylvania are out of
employment, and, to a great extent, without the
tneans of subsistence. They cannot betake them-
selves to other employment, for the men who are
engaged in the manufacture of iron and the mining
of coal, have been brought up to these particular
branches of business*, and it is their trade, and
they are unqualified for any other occupations.
But, sir, other branches of industry, dependent
upon protection, or to some extent upon protec-
tion, for their success, have also gone down, or
have greatly curtailed their operations. This is
especially the case with the recently established
cotton mills and manufactories of Pennsylvania.
I presume you are aware, sir, that during the last
two or three year3 a large number of cotton mills
have been erected and gone into operation in our
State. These have lately, in a great measure,
ceased operations—some of them entirely and
others partially; and the consequence is, that the
people, formerly employed in manufacturing iron
and mining coal, cannot resort to the cotton mills
nor to agriculture for the means of subsistence;
for the fiist, as i have stated, have, to a consider-
able extent, gone out of operation, and the markets
for the latter have been largely diminished by
the reduction of the pioductton of these articles of
iron, coal, and cotton fabrics, to which i have
referred.
There is, therefore, as the memorialists state, a
degree of suffering prevalent among them which
has not existed at any period within many years
past—not even in 1842, previously to the passage
of the act known as the tariff act of that year.
They pray Congress that some modification of the
present act may take place at the present session.
They do not ask for the repeal of the act of ld4G;
but they ask that what was the intention of the
framers of that act may be carried into effect, and
that they may have such protection as it was de-
signed to afford at the time. They state that,
owing to the condition of affairs at home and
abroad, the provisions of that act, sufficient at the
time, have ceased to be so a*, present and for some
time past; and they ask that Congress may take
up the subject and put them in the position m
which it was designed to place them at the time
the act of 1846 was passed. They set forth many
facts that are important to every Senator and mem-
ber of Congress desiring to make up a correct
judgment on the subject; but 1 will not detain the
Senate now with a recapitulation of all that is
slated in the memorials, and m the letters from
intelligent gentlemen accompanying them. It is
sufficient to say that the state of things existing
abroad, especially on the continent of Europe, has
brought down the price of iron in England to a
poinTlovver than it has ever been before, except
on one single occasion. I need not advert to them,
for you will at once understand to what 1 refer—
viz: the revolutions there—causing the abandon-
ment of the contracts for making railroads, with
which the whole continent was checkered over.
This state of things has obliged England to sell her
iron at too low rates, and great amounts have been
thrown in upon us. Iron is now manufactured there
at $22,23 24, 25, 26, and #27 per ton, according to
| quality, and sent here, thus breaking down our
establishments, and taking employment and bread
fiom the American laborer. The memorialists state,
that if this condition of things prevail for a great
while, there will be a general cessation of operations
in the iron manufacture of this country, except in
certain favored localities; and that the consequence
will be, that all competition between the foreign and
domestic producer will cease, and that eventually,
in the course of a year or eighteen months, consu-
mers will be obliged to pay more for the iron used
by them, than they would do under a duty which
would afford a just protection to the domestic pro-
ducer. The history of the iron manufacture of
this country proves the fact, that when England
supplies the whole quantity, we pay the highest
prices for iron. But 1 will not detain the Senate
further, and J move that the memorials be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON. Miuve no doubt that the
iron interest of Pennsylvania, to a certain extent,
is m a depressed condition at the present time.
That, I believe, is generally admitted, so far as
the manufacture ot iron from the oie into the
tough pig state is concerned; but I have informa-
tion,! think, that more iron has been manufac-
tured at Pittsburg the present season, and at a
greater profit, than ever was the case before.
Mr. COOPER. The manufacture of iron into
other ai licles ?
Mr, STURGEON. Yes, sir, to a greater ex-
tent, and at a greater profit than ever before. It is
evident, as my colleague remarked, that this de-
pression among the iron interest of Pennsylvania,
and of the United States generally, has arisen fiom
the fact that the matter lias been ovesdone m
Europe, and perhaps in this country also. The
depression is only tempoiary, as 1 believe, and the
rtsult will be, that the iron masters must leduce
the quantity produced, as the Euiopean non mas-
teis aie doing. And 1 am informed that they have
commenced doing it in Pennsylvania. It is well
known to the world, that a few years since a grand
general system of railroad construction was en-
tered upon in Europe, and that a great amount of
capital was consequently invested in the non m-
teiest. This system has been abandoned, and, a
depression of the iron inteiest consequently pro-
duced abroad, wmch has operated to produce a
similar depression here, in my opinion, however,
it will be of but temporary continuance, and that,
after a partial suspension of a few months, our
iron masters will again resume their operations
with ther accustomed vigor.
1 think my colleague is mistaken in what he
states m regard to the coal uade; for, if 1 am
rightly informed, the amount mined and sent to
mat ket in ld49 exceeds that mined and sent to
maiket in 1848. There was an increase during
that peuod from 3,000,000 tons to 3,300,000 tons,
some 300,000 tons. The mining opeiations for the
present year aie also running ahead of those for
the year 1849, and will probably leach some
3,G00,000 iuus. 1 do not doubt thai he states what
he believes to be correct, but my information is,
that the coal raining certainly is not falling off.
Mr. COOPER. Both aie correct.
Mr. STURtiEON. But they differ very ma-
terially.
Mr. COOPER. Not at all.
Mr. STURGEON. 1 should be pleased if some
means could be adopted lot the present relief of
the iron masters, if it could be done without the
creation of a permanent inciease of taxation
tiiiough a high tariff, it would i>e best for all, 1
think, if it was ie!t alone. To increase the pres-
ent rates of tariff would be to estab.ish a perma-
nent tax, m my opinion; on ihe agricultural inter-
ests of tne State, especially. The State of Penn-
sylvania, 1 think, was never more prosperous than
at present. At the present time its agricultural
products are bringing a higher price, perhaps one
half higher, than they did from 1842 to 1840.
Flour, which in 1842 and 1843 was down to ^2 50
per barrel in Pittsburg, has not been lower than
$5 or £>5 25 per barrel for the last two or thiee
years. Wool we are selling now at twenty to
twenty-five per cent, higher than we have done for
the last seven or eight years. Therefore, so far
as the agricultural interests are concerned, i think
Pennsylvania was never more prosperous, and I
believe the depression among the iron masters is
but of a temporary character, which will soon
relieve itself.
Mr. COOPER rose to reply, but Mr. PEARCE
called for the special order.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
KVDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the delegates of the Cherokee nation, submit-
ted a report in writing, concluding with certain
resolutions; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The subject-matter of that
report involves tjie reference of a question to the
Senate as an umpire, under the treaty of 1846, be-
tween the United States and the Cherokee nation
of Indians. I have learned that the Indian ap-
propriation bill has already passed the House of
Representatives and will soon be here, and it ia
necessary that the Question referred to the Senate
as an umpire should be decided, not in an execu-
tive or legislative capacity, but a's an umpire con-
stituted for the purpose of deciding the question
referred to them. It is important to have the sub-
ject-matter of that report acted upon at as early
a day as possible. My object is to have a day
set apart for the purpose of making the subject of
that report and the resolutions the special order.
I move, therefore, that they be made the special
order for Monday next at half past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARy.
Mr. PEARCE moved, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill propos.ng
to the State of Texas the establishment of her
northern and westein boundaries, and the relin-
quishment by the said State of all territory claimed
by her exterior to said boundaiies, and of all her
claim upon the United States.
Mr. UNRERWOOD being entitled to the floor,
said, that as there were hut a few minutes of the
morning hour left, he desired to know whether, in
case he resumed his argument on this bill, he
would be obliged to yield the floor when the hour
arrived for taking up the California bill?
The PRES1DEN T replied in the negative.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then resumed the speech
commenced by him yesterday, going into a de-
tailed examination of maps, lecords, and docu-
ments, to show that Texas had no title to the
territory in dispute. He came to the conclusion
that Texas had no title to what it was proposed
to pay her for. He examined the question of the
obligation of the United States to pay the bonds
of Texas, for which she had pledged her revenues.
He denied that there was any such obligation on
the Government. And if there were, he consid-
ered the sum proposed to be extravagant in the
extreme. He could not vote for the bill unless it
weie amended m important particulars. He con-
sidered the question one entirely of dollars and
cents, and its settlement had nothing to do with a
restoration of peace and harmony to the country
on the subject of slavery.
Mr. EW1NG proposed three amendments to
the bill, but withdrew them at the request of
Mr. PEARCE, who moved to amend the last
section of the bill, which now reads thus—
*< Fifth, Iinmerhaftly alter die President of the United
States tliaM have txieii furnished w uli an authentic c^.py of
the act> oi the Geneial A->emMy of Texas accepting iih'se
pjopositioa^, he shall cau<e the st«-ck to be i-mh d in lavor
of the Stan: o! Ti xa*, a- piovtded lor m tin, tuunb dilute
of tins agreement: J^iovtded al$oy That five million? ot *aui
stiK k feliall not be i-Mied turn! the en ditois ot the Suite of
Texas, holding bonds ot 'I e\as lor wine;) duties on imports
wen: specially pledged, shall tiibt nie, at the Tieusuty oi the
United StaifS, releases ol all chum auatiist tile United
Stales, for, or on account of, said bonds."—
LJy striking out all after the words 41 provided also,"
and inserting m lieu thereof the following:
"That no more than five millions of saul stock shall he
lstuwi until the e«iduors of the Stat'*, holding bond-! and
other certificates ot stock ot Texas, lor whnji duties on im-
port^ wert1 specialty pl< <Ued, sha I firsi hie at ihe Tieasury
ot the United Slates rt least  of all chum against ihe United
Slates, lor or on account of said bonds or ocrtifi ate-v, in such
lorni as shall he pi escribed h\ the Secretary of the Treasury,
and approved by the I'les-ident ot the United States."
After debate, by Messrs. UNDERWOOD,
PEARCE, and ATCHISON, the question being
taken, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EW1NG moved to postpone this bill, with
a view to take up the California bill; and, after
debate, the yeas and nays were ordered, and being
