1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 9,
taken, the Senate refused to postpone the bill by
the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bright, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Da\ton, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewmg,
Felch, Hamlin, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Un-
derwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Wimhrop, and Whit-
comb—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Bei-
rien, Biadbmy, Butler, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Mi i>sippi,
Daw<tm, Dickinson, Dotigla-. Foote, Greene, Hale, Hous-
ton, Hunter, King,Mangum,Mason, Morfon,Norns,Pearce,
Pln-lp-, R« k, Sebastian, SouJ6, Sturgeon, Tumey, and Yu
lee—31.
Mr. EVVING moved to amend the first section
of the bill, which now reads thus—
"First. The State of Texas will agree that her boundary
on the north shall commence at ihe point at which tne
meridian of one hundre I degrees west from Greenwich is
intersected by the parallel or thirty-six degrees thirty min-
utes north latitude, and shall run from said point due vvtst
to the nirndMii of out huudied and tlm e degrees west from
Greenwich; thonre her boundary shall urn due south to the
thirty-second degree of north latitude, thence on the said
parallel of thirty-two degrees north latitu ;e to the Bio Bravo
del Norte, and thence with the channel of said liver to the
Gulf of Mexico."—
By striking oat all after " Greenwich," where it
first occurs, and inserting;—
" Crowes Rod river, being the southwest angle in the line
designated between the United States and Mexico, and the
paini' angle in the line of the territory net apart for the In-
dians by the United States, thence southwestwardly to the
most northerly point of thi dam ac oss the Rio Bravo de!
None which Mtpplier* with wat^r the ungating canal which
supplies the town of El Paso with water, thence with the
channel of said river to the Gulf of Mexico."
Mr. EWING addressed the Senate in support
of his amendment, giving way to Messrs Pearce,
Rus-k, Hale, and Davis of Mississippi, for expla-
nation.
Mr. COOPER supported the amendment; if
adopted, it would remove serious objections to the
bill. He did not wish to be understood as saying
that he would vote against the bill if the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. BADGER opposed the amendment. He
sail (hat he did not a^ree with the Texas Senators
us to the validity of their title to the full extent of
its claim, but he did believe Texas had some claim.
To prevent hostilities, to prevent any occasion for
shedding American blood by American arms, he
was prepared to vote for almost anything which
would have the effect of settling this question.
Mr. PEARCE explained this part of hia bill,
and opposed the amendment.
Mr COOPER followed in some remarks upon
the importance of the subject,and said that whether
the amendment were adopted or not, he would vote
for the bill.
Mr. ATCHISON moved that the Senate ad-
journ.
And the Senate, by a division—ayes 22, noes
23—refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ewing, and, by the following vote, it was
rejected:
YEAS—Mes>r^. Baldwin, Bradbury, Claike, Cooper,
Dm* <.f M.i-s.ichu-M'its, Dayton, Dodge of Wiseoiwn,
3EA'nrg, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Phelps, steward, Shield*,
8,nitii, Sfn iMnce, Underwood, Uphani, Walec, Walker, <md
Wni'hrop—)l.
NAYS—Mi  -r-. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rii n, Bught, Butlei, C.iiv*, Davis of Mis-i-m p|ii, Dawson,
Dickinson, l)od< e of f >wa, Douglas, Foote, llim-aon, Hunt-
er, King, Mutgum, j\I i-on, Morton, Ptatce, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Soule, tuigeon, Tumey, YYhitcomb, and Yulee—2S.
Mr. DAYTU.N moved to add to that part of the
bill in which Texas is to release to the United
States certain ports, &c., the following:
"And releases to the United States all the vacant and
unappropuaied public .lauds now lying within her lunm-
jPmtHi/e./, if theie *diati be any lesulue of said-land, after the
Jtppajinem toih ' United States ot the ten million* o! dollars
hereinafter teferred to, the same shall return to, and remain
the property ot Texas."
And the question being taken thereupon by yeas
and nays, the amendment was rejected as follows:
YEAS—M<'f*r-. Baldwin, Cha-e, Cooper, Davis of M.u-
sac.iu-etts, Davion, Dud^e « t Wisconsin, Dodge of fowa,
Hale, II nnhn, N- ni<, Pnelp>, Sewaid, Spfuunce, Under-
wo d Upliatn, Wales, Walker, and Wimhrop—17.
N.\ Ys—r>. Au hison, badger, Barmvell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bi adiniry, Brunt, Butler, Cass, Davis of M i-si.-Mppi,
D iw*on, Dickinson, Douglas,Ewing, Foote, Houston, Hant-
er, King, Mangum, Ala?on, Morton, Pearee, Ru-k, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Smith, Sou!6, Sturgeon, Turtiey, Wmtcoinb,
and Yulee—31.
Mr. MASON moved to amend the bill by ad-
ding theieto the following:
" That nothing heiein contained shall be con-
stru. d to impair or qualify anj Hung contained in the third
article of the 2d section of n.e 'joint resolution for anin x-
ltig Texa* to the United States,' approved March 1, 1845
either as regards the number of States that may heieafterbe
formed out of the State of Texd3 or otherwise."
And the amendment was adopted without a. -di-
vision.
Mr. BALDWIN moved, and that part of the
bill wherein it is proposed that Texas shall release
to theUnited Slates the " territory," was amended
by inserting the words 44 claim to.5'
Mr. W1NTHROP said that he was desirous of
addressing the Senate on this bill, for a few mo-
ments, but he did not wish to delay or prolong the
session; nor did he wish if to adjourn on his ac-
count. The boundary was the particular point in
the bill which he desired to have settled. With a
view to make the bill one for which he could vote,
he moved to strike out the first section, (defining
the proposed boundaries of Texas,) and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
"The State of Texas, will agree that her Boundary on the
north i-hall commer.ee at ihe point in the middle ot the deep-
est channel in the Rio Gi ande del Norte, where the same is
eroded by the one hundred and second degree of longitude
wes-l from the meridian of Gieenwieh; thence north along
that longitude to the thirty-iouith degree ot noith latitude;
ihetice ea>tward!y to the point at which tne one-hundredth
degree of west longitude crosses the Red river."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved that the
Senate adjourn.
Pending which, the President of the Senate laid
before the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States, which was read
and ordered to be printed.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
It has been suggested to me that the language in
the first paragiaph of rny message to the two
Houses of Congress, of the 6th instant, may con-
vey the idea that Governor Bell's letter to my pre-
decessor was received by him before his death.
It was addtessed to him, but appears, in point of
fact, to have been sent to me ft'om the post office
after his death.
I make this communication to accompany the
message and prevent misapprehension.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, August 8, 1850.
The question recurring on the motion to ad-
journ, it was decided in the affirmative by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Barnwell, Bell,
Berrien, Buidhury, Butler, Claike, Davis of Ma-sachu<eus,
Davis ol Mi?.M*-t[)|ti, hawvon. Dodgf otWi-cnnwii.Fwirig, j
Felch, Hale, llariilm. Hunter. King, Ma*on, Mot ton, Norns,
Sould, Spruance, Turuey, Underwood, Upham, and Yu-
lee—27.
N\ YS— Messrs. Badger, Bright, Cass, Clemens, Cooper,
Dayfor., D.ektnson, Dodge of Iowa, D iiigla--, Foote, Greene,
Houston, Mangtim, Pearce, Pnelp-, Rusk, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Stuigeon, Wales, Walker, Wlmcotnb,
and Winthrop—24.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 9, 1850.
The Journal was read.
Mr. GRINiNELL asked the unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Seetetaiv of the Navv be directed to
furni-h tin- iluu-e, null all the correspondence and in-
formation in the Navy D •paitment relative to the vwt of
the United States ship Pieble to the port of Naragaski, for
the purpose o! demanding Mxtet n American seameii held in
prison by the authorities of Japan.
No objection being made—
The resolution was received, and the question
being on its adoption—
Mr. GR1NNELL. in explanation* simply de-
sired to state, (hat the visit of this ship of war had
been fully successful in obtaining the release of
the sixteen seamen, who had been cast on the
shore of Japan, by the wreck of a vessel employed
in the whale fishery, and that a correspondence
between the commanding officei of the ship and
the authorities of Japan, of an interesting charac-
ter, had taken place, which it was desirable should
be made public.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the siaU of the Union. I
Mr. NELSON moved that the rules be sus-I
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com- 1
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. MASOiN rose to a privileged motion,
Mr. RICHARDSON asked leave to inuoducea
bill, of which he had given previous notice, and
appealed to rhe gentlemen to waive their motions
for that purpose.
Messrs. Bayly and Nelson accordingly with-
drew their motions.
Mr. RICHARDSON sent up his bill, which was
read for information, by its title, as follows:
"A bill granting all the unsold public land in the county
of Greene, Suite of Illinois, the erection and riiaint< nance
of the White Hall Male and Female Academy and Ojphan
Institute."
No objection being made—
The bill was received, twice read, nnd,
On the motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
THE FOLDING-ROOM.
, Mr. MASON rose to a privileged question, and
moved to reconsider the vote of yesterday, by
which the resolution reported by the gentleman
fiom Indiana, [Mr.McDonald,] from the Qom-
mittee on Accounts, relating to the folding-room,
wa«? laid on the table; and he said he wished to
make a moment's explanation in regard to it.
The SPEAKER said, the motion was not de-
batable, except by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. MASON asked consent.
Mr. NELSON renewed his motion.
The SPEAKER announced the question on the
motion of Mr. Mason.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired, what was the
motion?
The SPEAKER stated the motion, and caused
to be read the resolution reported by Mr. McDon-
ald, together with the amendment offered by Mr.
Car-tter.
The SPEAKER said that this resolution and
amendment were yesterday, on motion of the gen-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] laid on
the table. The question was now on the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] to re-
consider that vote.
Mr. GOTT moved to lay the motion on the
table.
Mr. MASON said, he wished to have it under-
stood that the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cabtter] was not reported from the
Committee on Accounts.
The SPEAKER interposed, and reminded the
gentleman that debate was out of order.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Gott, and decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. NELSON renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BAYLY renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on thestute of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion of Mr.
Nelson was first in order.
Mr. DANIEL asked the yeas and nays.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER said, before the Chair pro-
ceeded to put the question to the House he would
state, that the motion to reconsider the vote upon
the passage of the Oregon land bill, made yester-
day, was entered upon the Journal as having been
made by the Delegate from Oregon. It had es-
caped the noticeof the Chairwhen the Journal was
read to him in the evening, in the opinion of the
Chair, the Delegate could not make the motion.
The Journal (if there was no objection) would be
corrected, and the motion would be entered as
having been made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. White,] who had risen simulta-
neously with the Delegate from Oregon.
No objection being made—
The Journal was amended, and, as amended,
was approved.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays—
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced—ayes 24, noes 78.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers upon the yeas
ar.d nays.
Tellers weteordered, and Messrs. PrestonKing
and Cljngman were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 28. The noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Nelson, and decided—yeas 71, nays 91; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Bennett, Bi^seM,
Brig^S Brook*, Thomas B. Butler, George A Caldwell,
Campbell, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Daniel, De-
beirj, Dkkey, D mmiek, Disnev, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,
Edmundfou, Alev-nidn- Evans, Nathan Feathers-ton,
Foyvl' r, Fuller, Gilmore, German, Green, Hamilton, Haral-
son, Hav, Houston. Hunter, inge, Andrew Johnson, James
(r. Kinj/, Leffler, Horace Mann, Marshall, McDowell, Rob-
ert M. McLane, Meacham, MiHson,Moins, Morse, Mor-
