1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
cialiy must this be the case in relation to the sup-
ply of hemp—an article which can only be brought
to an equal and uniform standard by means of
machinery which cannot be put up without capi-
tal; and it was to enable the contractor to erect this
requisite machinery and properly to prepare the
article, that this provision extending the contracts
through a period of five years, was adopted.
Mr. S. here referred to a report from the navy-
yard at Boston, to show that there was a differ-
ence between the hemp furnished in small quanti-
ties, and the large supplies, to the disadvantage of
the former. And so, he repeated, would be the re-
sult if the department was to adopt the system of
obtaining the supplies of butter and cheese for the
navy, wherever it could be picked up. If a por-
tion was to be picked up in Philadelphia, and
another portion in Missouri, and another portion
in Kentucky, how could it be expected that the but-
ter and cheese would not be of all qualities of taste
and color? So as to hemp, which requires uni-
formity of strength and staple. If we are to seek
it here and there, wherever and in whatever quan-
tities we may be able to procure it, do we not run
the risk of obtaining it of every color and descrip-
tion, piebald and motley in its appearance and
quality ? He defied any ingenuity to prevent such
a consequence.
But such an evil is avoided when we make a
contract with one or more contractors for the sup-
ply of a large quantity of the article, thus putting
it in the power of these individuals to erect the
proper machinery and to see that the proper mode
of preparing is attended to; and the advantage of
that mode is further made manifest by the report
of the Boston navy-yard, which shows that the
hemp purchased in small quantities does not come
up to the proper test. And this was an answer to
the objection advanced against the continuance of
the contract through the term of five years.
Mr. S. then referred to the advertisement un-
der which Mr. Billings put in his bid for the
supply of hemp. The advertisement stated that
no bids should be offered over $241 a ton. Mr.
Billings begins with a bid for the first year at
$238; and then he comes down gradually, until
for the last year his bid is at $163, some fifty
dollars below the preceding year. Taking the
average of the five years it was $217, and this
was far below what had heretofore been pAid, and
that it would have cost if it were procured in the
way gentlemen seemed to wish.
He then referred to the superior cleanliness of
the article procured by contract. The hemp pur-
chased by the American Hemp Company has
much less dirt and tow than any other which had
been supplied; and that accounts for its superior
strength. There is not any tow m it. Some per-
sons have supposed that this is owing to a differ-
ence of fibre. He thought, however, that this dif-
ference was owing to the different mode of prepa-
ration. He had no doubt the hemp of Missouri
would be as good as the best if the same care was
taken in the preparation, and it was furnished m
the like quantity. If the western hemp was sub-
jected to the same process, and was freed from the
dirt and tow with which it is encumbered, he had
no doubt that the same hemp which would now be
rejected would be adopted for the use of the Gov-
ernment.
If there was a monopoly in the mode of obtain-
ing supplies by contract, it was a wise monopoly.
But there was no monopoly. The system only
enabled the department to buy so as to secure the
greatest possible advantage for the service. It is
no monopoly. The Secretary issues his public
notice, inviting proposals; he thus goes into
a free and open market, where all are at liberty to
bring their offers; and while the department thus
secuies the advantages of the contract system, good
is done to the producer of the article. It is then
the wisest course.
He had been induced togo into this statementto
give the House all the information he could on the
subject. He had not referred to the course of the
Secretary of the Navy, or to the opinion of the At-
torney General, which were not satisfactory to
^He had no acquaintance with Billings, having
never seen him until two or three days ago. He
did not know why the introduction of his name
had produced so much warmth, he would not say
ferocity, but strong feeling. He did not regard
this as a question between Illinois and Kentucky,
or between any of the other States. He did not
know where Billings lives. What he had said on
this question, he had said with a view to the inter-
ests of the Government. He cared not who was
to reap a profit out of any coi^tact. As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs, he only
looked at what he thought the most desirable for
the interests of the service.
Mr. STANLY called for the order of the day—
but waived the call at the request of
Mr. MOREHEAD, who moved that the reso-
lution and amendments be recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MARSHALL wished to move an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said no amendment was now
in order.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Morehead and decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution and amendments were recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing
To Ike House of Representatives of the United States;
I herewith transmit to Congress copies of a recent cor-
respondence between the Department of State and the Brit-
ish Muubtei at Washington, relating to subjects which seem
lo require the lonMderation of the Legislative rather than
the Executive branch oi the Government.
Washington, 4th March, J 850. Z. TAYLOR.
British Legation,
Washington, January 1st, 1850.
Sir: Her Majesty's Government saw, with gt eat satisfac-
tion, the decree published by the President of the United
States, conceding to JBiilish ves>ol& in American ports the
same privilege-, and advantages which are granted to Amei-
ican vessels in British poits by the recent mollification of
the British navigation law>; and I was happy to assure
jou that the vessels of the United States would not bo ex-
cluded by any Order in Council front the full benefit of that
cnunge of system which Great Butam has adopted.
There aie, however, two or three matteis to which I must
call your attention, believing that the leal object and spnit
of your standing regulations is to confer on the vess< Is of
foreign powers those advantages: winch such foreum powers
may confer upon the vessels of the United States.
As the coa&tmg* trade of the United Kingdom is strictly
reseived to British vessels, I would not, of course, propose
to the United States Government that British vessels should
be admitted to trade to and fro between the several ports on
the eastern coast of the United States, because such trade
being stuctly a coasting trade, is, itma> be piesumed,con-
fined to United States vessels. But the trade between the
ports on the east and those on the west coast of the United
States., involving, as it does, the necessity ol passing tinough
seas and along coasts far bejondthe terutorial jurisdiction
of the United States, resembles in its natme and character
the trade carried on between the United Kingdom and the
transmaune possessions of the British Ciown, into which
tiade the new act authouz.es the admission ot the vessels
of all countries which may be disposed to meet the conces-
sions of Great BnUin in a spirit of fair reciprocity; and her
Majesty's Government conceive that it the United States
vessels are to be admitted to this privilege, the United States
Government may be fairly expected in return, to admit
British vessels to trade between the Atlantic and Pacific
ports of the United States.
Moreover, you will be aware that American vessels be-
coming the property of British subjects, are now admissible
to the advantage.^ oi a Bntish register, and I therefore deem
it no mote than reasonable and fair to expect that measutes
will be adopted by the United States Government for making
British vessels becoming the property ot American citizens,
admissible to the advantages of an American legister.
Ir will give me much pleasure to bo able to satisfy Her
Majesty's Government piomptly on these particulars.
1 avail myself ot this occasion to renew to >ou the assur-
ances of mv highest eon&ideicilion.
" H. L. BULWEIt.
Hon. J. M. ClayI-on, Sec., &c., &c.
British Legation, January 3, 1850.
Sir : It having been represented to her Majesty's Gov-
ernment, that there is some idea on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States, to increase the duties upon Brit-
ish iron imported into the United States, I have been
instiucted by her Majesty's Government, to expiess to the
United States Government the hope ot her Majesty'.-. Gov-
ernment. that no addition will be made to the duties im-
posed by the present tanfl'of the United Mates, which
already weigh heavily on Bntish productions; and i cannot
but obseive, for my own part, that an augmentation ol the
duties on Bntitibh produce or manufactures, made at the
moment when the Bnttsh Government has, by a series of
measures, been facilitating the commerce between the two
countri s, would produce a veiy disagreeable effect on
public opinion in England.
1 avail myself of the oppoitumty to lenew to you the as-
surance of my most distinguished consideration.
HENRY L. BULWER.
Hon. John M. Clayton. &c., See., &c.
Department of Stvte,
Washington, January 14, i£50.
Sir : I was honored by the receipt of >our note of the 1st
instant, ussunng me that the vessels of the United States
would not be excluded, by any Order m Council, ftom the
full benefit of that change ot system which Great Britain
has adopted by the recent modification of her navigation
laws; and expressing the great satisfaction of Her Majesty's
Government with the decision of the President of the Uni-
ted States, conceding to Bntish vessels in American porta
the same privileges and advantages which are now granted
to American vessels in Biitish ports.
The questions whether British vessels shall be admitted
to trade, as you propose, between the Atlantic and Pacific
ports of the United States, and whether vessels of British
build shall be admitted to the advantages of an American
register, are considered by the President as the proper sub-
jects for legislative consideration, and will be submitted to
thp judgment of Congress.
. I avail myself of this occasion to renew to you the assu-
rance of my distinguished consideration.
JOHN M. CLAYTON.
Rt. Hon. Sir H. L. Bulwer, &c., &c.
On motion, the message and papers were refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in
the Chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
President's message communicating the constitu-
tion of California, and of the proposition of Mr.
Doty and of Mr. Green relative thereto.
Mr. HALL, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee upon the slavery question,
and in favor of the admission of California. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HALL having concluded—
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee during the hour, (in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.)
Mr. FEATHERSTON obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion that the committee rise, whieh
prevailing, the committee rose and reported.
Mr. BROOKS here rose and said that a message
from the President of the Unitfd States, involving
principles of a great deal of importance, had been
received to-day, and witlioutreading, ashethought,
given altogether a wrong direction. He therefore
moved a reconsideration of the reference whieh
iiad been given it, viz : to the Committee of For-
eign Relations, with the view afterwards of giving
it another, and, as he thought, a better direction.
Several Voices: What'sthemessage? What's
the message?
Mr. BROOKS (resuming) said: The message
conveyed from the Secretary of State two letters
from the British Minister here, which the Presi-
dent referred to the action of Congress.
The British Minister first asked that, in consid-
eration of the British Free Navigation Act, the
coastwise trade, not between our ports on the At-
lantic, but between the ports of the Atlantic and
the Pacific be open to British as well as to Ameri-
can vessels, and that Bntish built vessels pur-
chased by Americans be given American regis-
ters.
The British Minister secondly remonstrated,
perhaps gently, but remonstrated nevertheless,
against an apprehended increase of duties in this
country upon British products, more especially
upon iron, which increase if made by our Gov-
ernment, he thought would act unfavorably upor?
public opinion in Great Britain.
Both of these papers, addiessed to the United
States Secretary of State, were somewhat extraor-
dinary, and both deserved more consideration than
they were likely to have from the Committee on
Foreign delations, whose business was not with
the coastwise trade of the United States, nor with
the tariff.
The question was then put, and the motion was
reconsidered.
Mr. BROOKS, to give these papers a proper
direction, moved that the letter first named be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce,<|ind the
second letter to the Committee on Manufactures.^
Mr. STANLY was understood to say that this
whole subject should go to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. It had been very properly re-
ferred to that committee this morning;. What, he
asked, had the Committee on Manufactures to do
with these matters which touched the basis of our
! commercial intercourse with a foreign power.
: That branch of the subject proposed to be referred
to the Committee on Manufactures, should go to
the Committee of Ways and Means, if it be not
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia, was understood
to coincide with the views of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] and moved that
the House adjourn; but waived the motion.
Messrs. McLANE, of Maryland, and Mc-
CLERNAND made some remarks, which were
