THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1850.
New Series.... No. 98
ton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds. Orr, Peck, PhHps, Phosnix, Put-
nam, Reynolds, Rislov, Robinson, Rockwell,' Root, Rose,
Ross, S.icki-tt, Spaulding, Spiague, Richard H. Stanton,
Swpet-er, Taylor, Van Dyke, Waldo, Weatworth, White,
Whittl^ey. and Woodward—71.
NAYS—Messr* AUrnn, Anderson, Ashmnn, Averett, Ba-
ker, Bayly, Bingham, Booth. Bowdon, Boyd, Buel, Burrows,
Burt, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cariter. Casey,
Chandler, Clarke. Ciingman, Cole,Ciowell, Durkee',£wine,
Fitch, Gentrv, Gidding*, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Hall,.Har-
lan, fsharn G. Harris, Henry, Hibbaid, HoJIadav, Howard,
Hubbard, Joseph W Jackson, William T. Jackson, James
Johnson, kohert W, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Geor*'** G.
King, John A. Kins, Preston King, Lirtlefield, .lob Mann,
Ma«nn, Maiteson, McClernand, McKissock, McLanahan,
McMullen, McQueen, McWithe, Meade, Moore, Otis, i'ar-
fcei, PiMslee, Pitman, Richardson, Ruinsey, Schermerhorn^
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Stanly, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Thaddpu* Stevens Stetson, Strong,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, IJndtrhill. Venable,
Vmfon, Walden, Wallace, Watkin?, Wellhorn, Wildrick,
Williams, Wilmot, Wilson, Wood, and Young—91.
So the flouse refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr,
Bayly, and was decided in the affirmative without
a division,
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt,
of South Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic services of the Government
" for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1851.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, who was enti-
tled to the floor, addressed the House during an
hour, in opposition to the doctrines advanced by
the President in his recent message relative to the
Texas boundary controversy. He maintained that
it was not such a case as would authorize the Pres-
ident to call into requisition the military power of
the country to settle. He entered into an argu-
ment to show that it would be an assumption of
power not authorized by the Constitution, or the
law of 1735, for the President to interpose with
the military power of the country in any case, ex-
cept where obstacle was made to legal process, or
judicial action. He also denied the right of the
President to define what were the boundaries of
New Mexico, or the rights of her people, under
the treaty with Mexico; that, he contended, be-
longed to Congress to determine. [His remarks,
which are in course of preparation, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. S. having: concluded 
Mr. SAVAGE obtained the floor, but yielded
to enable Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts, to reply
to some remarks of Mr. Stephens.
Mr. M. having concluded,
Mr. S. resumed the floor, and addressed the
. House an hour in condemnation of the principles
set forth in the President's message. [His re-
marks, which are being prepared', will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the committee, in
reply, chiefly, to t^e remarks of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and in vindication
of the course of the President in reference to the
boundary of Texas. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. W. having concluded, and no gentleman
rising to address the committee,
Mr. HARALSON moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. HOUSTON signified his desire to speak.
• The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor, and said
he would proceed with his remarks at this time, if
such was the desire of the committee, though he
expressed a preference to defer them till morning,if
the committee saw fit to rise, to take up some other
business.
He yielded the floor to
Mr. TAYLOR, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was put, and rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON then proceeded, and ad-
dressed the House on the subject of a conciliatory
policy. He thought that the whole difficulty was
a mere boundary dispute between Texas and the
98
United States—one with which he, as a member of
Congress, had nothing to -do, beyond voting any
sum which might bethought proper to purchase the
territory in dispute. The settlement of the ques-
tion, he was of opinion, belonged to the judicial
tribunal of the country. As to the subject of Cali-
fornia, he expressed his readiness to vote for her
admission with her assumed limits, although he
thought she had extended her boundaries some-
what too much. But he thought that even this
large extension was favorable to the South, as it
retarded the multiplicity of non-slaveholding States.
He said he had voted for the Wilmot proviso,
without approving of it, as an amendment to the
two million bill, for the purpose of defeating that
bill.
Without concluding, he gave way to
Mr. SEDDON, on whose motion the committee
rose and reported progress.
After an unsuccessful effortto adjourn to Mon-
day,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of James L. Collins, of
New Mexico, praying compensation for losses sustained in
the service of the United States in the late war with M*xi- j
co ; and a^o, compensation for imprisonment by Mexicans
while actinias the confidential agent of the officer com-
manding in New Mexico.
By Mr WALUO: The petition of John M Nil's and 101
others, citizens and electors of the town of Hartford. Con-
necticut, asking for a change in Ihe tariff laws, substituting
specific for ad valorem duties.
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 9, 1850.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of citi-
zens ofMonterey, in California, asking the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at that place.
He took occasion to observe that the memorial
was numerously signed, well drawn, and went
considerably into details of facts relating to the
subject, which would commend it to the consider-
ation of the Committee on Commerce.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Rob-
ert Grant, asking that an appropriation may be
made for lighting the public buildings and grounds
in the city of Washington, by means of the Cal-
cium Light, of which he is the inventor; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Buildings.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS,
Resolved, That John B. Wallack have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
PETITION OP CATHARINE G. FINNEY.
Mr. CLARKE. I am requested to present to
the Senate the petition of Catharine G. Finney,
" a descendant and one of the heirs at law of an
officer of the Rhode Island brigade," in behalf of
herself and others, asking Congress to provide for
the just payment of the commutation pay due to
that brigade. _ ,
Mr. President, in the year 1777, the island of j
Rhode Island was in possession of the British j
forces in this country, embracing about one third 1
part of all that force, and the continental troops
being necessarily engaged in other parts of the
country, it devolved upon the militia of Rhode
Island, aided by other militia from the adjoining
parts of New England, to keep the force of the
enemy in check, and prevent incursions into the
surrounding country. That State had already fur-
nished her quota of men and money to the conti-
nental line; and her militia,including every able-
bodied man between the ages of eighteen and sixty,
was enrolled and employed in resisting the enemy.
The impossibility of successfully continuing this
defence was apparent, and a conference of dele-
gates from the New England States was holden at 1
Providence, which resulted in an application to the :
Continental Congress for some force to resist and
repel these forces of the enemy. The Congress
replied that it was impossible to detach any of the
forces of the continental line for the service which
was acknowledged to be necessary, but recom-
mended to the State of Rhode Jsland to raise three
regiments, to form the "Rhode Island brigade,"
for the service required, and pledging the faith,of
Congress to place such troops upon the same stand-
ing and with the same pay in all respect3 whatever
as the troops of the continental army. Accord-
ingly, thiee regiments were raised,commanded by
biave and distinguished men—Colonels Topham,
Elliot, and Crary. The first term of enlistment
was fifteen months; at the expiration of that time
they enlisted for twelve months; and again, at the
expiration of that term, for twelve months longer,
making in all a continuous service of three years
and three months. The troops were paid in the
same depreciated currency which was paid to the
troops of the continental line. In the year 1780
Congress passed an act allowing a commutation
pay for the depreciation of their own currency, to
| the officers and soldiers of the continental army,
' who had enlisted for the war, or who had enlisted
for three year3. The benefit of this act was con-
fined to the regular line; and when application wag
made by the Rhode Island brigade for the same
commutation pay, the commissionerof the United
States Government, Mr. Chinn, declined to allow
it to them, because the act applied only to the
\ troops of the continental line. And when shown the
| resolve of Congress under which this brigade was
| raised, and the pledge therein made, he still further
| refused, bccause the act was made to apply to such
I as had enlisted for three years; and the three rcgi-
I ments constituting the brigade had enlisted at each
j time for a shorter term. Thus, although they ac-
i tually served for more than three years, they were
\ denied the benefit of the act for commutation pay.
I This petition has strong claims, for just considera-
! tion, and I move that it be referred to the Com-
j mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
| The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of Haym M. Solomon, asking indemnifi-
cation for advances made by his father during the
revolutionary war, submitted a report in writings
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of H. M. Solomon; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. UPH AM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of John T. Sullivan, asking compensa-
tion for executing the binding of the laws and in-
structions to postmasters, for the use of the Post
Office Department, presented a report in writing/
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of John T. Sullivan; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. NORRIS,from the Committee of Claims, to
which was referred the petition of John McAvoy,
a soldier in the war with Mexico, submitted a re-
port in writing, which was ordeied to be printed,
adverse to the prayer of the petitioner.
Mr. HALE, fiom the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill No. 82, being
for the relief of Ehphas C. Brown, repoited back
the same without amendment, and recommended
its passage.
The PRESIDENT announced the order of the
day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Before the Sen-
ate proceeds to the order of the day, I desire to
take up the bill No. 284, not for the purpose of
discussion, but simply that it may be recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce. It is the bill to
amend an act to provide for the better security of
the lives and passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, as some facts
have come to light since the bill was reported that
render it necessary that it should be recommitted.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
j BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
; The bill from the House of Representatives, No.
I 330, being the bill making appropriations for the
