460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
indistinctly heard. The latter gentleman was un-
derstood to inquire of the Speaker whether the
vote referring the message to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs had been reconsidered, and whether
the question was debatable ?
The SPEAKER said the vote had been recon-
sidered ; and the question recurred on the motion
to refer.
Mr. McCLERNAND was proceeding to make
some remarks; when
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia, said he insisted
upon his motion to adjourn. He wanted time to
examine the documents, before voting upon the
question of reference.
IVIr. BROOKS inquired of the Chair what would
be the effect upon the pending question if the mo-
tion to adjourn prevailed?
The Cfl AIR stated that if the House then ad-
jourfted, the communication of the President and
the pending motion would be the first business m
order, of the business on the Speaker's table, after
the expiration of the morning hour.
By general consent the documents were ordered
to be printed.
The question was then put on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was carried in the affirmative.
The House accordingly adjourned.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. WENTVVORTH gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill extending the time for the paj ment of public
lands, under existing preemption laws, tiom one to two
years.
^iso, a bill placing on the pension roll* all the surviving
soldiers, and the widows of soldiers who served three
months. &
Also, a bill reducing the rates of letter postage to two
cents for each halt ounce, and reducing the franking privi-
lege.
Al-50, a bill abolishing the use of ardent spirits and cor-
poral punishment in the" United States Navy.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials, petitions, &c., were
presented under the rule and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of W. R. Ellis and 148
other citi/.en> ol Elkhart county, Indiana, asking a reduc-
tion ol postage to two cents per half ounce on prepaid
matter.
Al^o, the petition of Peter W. Demosa and 82 other citi-
zens of Fulton, Pulaski, Staik, and Marshall counties, lor
a mail-route from Rochester through JBuena Vista to Wina-
niac.
Also, another on the a'ime subject, signed by 33 citizens.
By Mr. MedUEliN: The memorial of Jesse Keith and
other citizen* of Darlington district, South Caiolma, play-
ing for die establishment of a mail-route from Wilmington,
Noun Carolina, to Manchester, South Carolina.
Bv Mr. BKNNETT ; A pennon of 25 citizens of Chenango
county, Ni vv York, for the tree circulation of newi-papeis
lot 30 miles from the pl.ic.* of publication
Al-o, a petinon of 95 citizens ol said county in favor of
cheap postage.
By Mr.COLE: The petition of Benjamin L. Purdy, F. (*.
Stanley and 34W other citizens of Wfeconnn, praying lot the
establishment of a mail-route from Mmeial Point to Plovei
Portage, on the Wisconsin river, via Dodgevillo, &,c.
Also, the petition of George titles, WilJtaui B. UpdegratT,
and S21d other cilix"ns of Wisconsin, for the establishment
ot a mail route from Green Bay to Adann-, Bark county,
via Mena-ha. &*c.
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT: The petition of A. C. Disbrow
and 90 other citizens ol western New York, for cheap post-
age.
By Mi. HALLOWA Y: The petition of John^V. Knevels
and 61 others, citizens of Fishkill, Duche-s county, piaymg
that postage on prepaid letters be jeduccd to two cents per
half ounce.
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of citizens ol Kentucky for
reduction ot postage.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Sarah Stokes foi a pen-
sion.
Also, th- petition of Mavell Hill, for a pension
By MivCROWELL: The petition of Robert Ginson and
20) oilier:-, citizens of Yoimgsto.vn, Mahoning county,
Ohio, piaymg Congress to secure to persons clanncd as fu-
gitives from service or labor, the light of trial bv jury.
By Mi. POTTER: The petinon ot O. S. St. John and 50
otht r-. < iti/.  u-< ol Willoujihby, Ohio, for cheap postage.
B> Mr. THURMAN : The petition of Baineh Btekwith,
sr., and 80 others, citizens of Bukmantown, Clinton coun-
ty, New York, to- clnnp postage.
Bv Mr HAY- The lemon-tr'anee of Albert Morton and
70 others, cittz"ns of Gloucester, New Jersey, against the
extension ol Woodworth's patent tor a planing machine;
also, asking Congress to repeal the act extending tins patent,
which was apptoved February 26th, 1845.
Bj Mr. SEDDON. The petition of Carl Michael, of
Richmond, Virginia, for compensation lor extra services and
medicines furnished in the Mexican war.
Bv Mi. EVANS, ol Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Muskingum count}, Ohio, for the alteiation of a certain
mail-route.
By Mi. PECK: Sundry petitions of citizens of Walden
and of DanviHe, Vermont, agamst the extension of slavery,
&c.
Also, several petitions of citizens of Montpeher, Waits-
viile, and Fayston, Vermont, for a reduction of postage,
Also, the petition of citizens of Caledonia and Essex
counties, Vermont, for a new mail-route.
By Mr. YOUNG: The memo laf of a public meeting held
by citizens of De Witt county, m Illinois, praying ,for a
grant of lauds to aid State in the constru Hon of the
Central Railroad, in said State, on the old surveyed route,
from Cairo, or some neighboring point, to the terminus of
the Ilhuois and Michigan Canal, anil frbin thence to Chi-
cago.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Frederick Wmslow
and Charles Seward, citizens ol Fall River, Massachusetts,
praying for indemnity for French spoliations committed
prior to the year 1809.
By Mr. HIBBARD : The petition of John Davis and
others, citizens of Cornish, N. IL, praying that the rate of
postage on prepaid letters may be established at two cents
per half ounce.
Also, the petition of E. M. Bissell and others, citizens of
Oxford, N. II., praying that the rate of postage on prepaid
letters may be established at two cents per half ounce.
ByMr.GOTT: The resolutions of the town of Fabius,
New York; the petition of citizens of the town of Camillus,
New York; the petition of citizens of the town of Skanea
teles, New York; and the petition of citizens of the town of
De Witt, Now York, for cheap postage.
By Mr. HILLTARD. The following petitions, viz :
1. From A. A. Dexter, of Alabama, asking the passage
of an act compensating American citizens tor French spo-
liations on their commerce.
2. Memorial ol Benjamin Rush, of Pennsylvania, asking
compensation for services as Charge d'Affaires at London.
On motion of Mr. JACKSON, of New York, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of the heirs
of Nathan Beard, together with the other papers in the
case, and they vveie referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 5, 1850.
Mr. HALE presented a petition signed by
Theophilus Cushing, and one hundred other citi-
zens of Frankfort, Waldo county, Maine, asking
a reduction of postage to two cent3 on all prepaid
letters not exceeding one-half ounce, and news-
paper postage to one cent, and for other corre
sponding reforms; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Newport,
Herkimer county, New York, setting forth that,
in their opinion, the system of land'trafficimported
into this country from Europe, is wrong in prin-
ciple; that it is fast debasing the people to the
condition of dependant tenants, of which condition
a rapid increase of vice, pauperism, misery, ine-
quality, and crime are the necessary conscquences,
and asking that the public lands be ceded to the
States, for the purpose of granting them in limited'
quantities to persons not possessed of other lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition signed by Peter Ellis and sixty-
two other citizens and electors m Chesterfield,
Burlington county, in the State of New Jersey,
asking that no Suite may be hereafter admitted
into the Union unless the constitution of such
State shall expressly prohibit the existence of sla-
very within its limits; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, a petition signed by Peter Ellis and fifty-
seven other citizens, claiming to be electors of the
same town, county, and State, asking that no fu-
gitive slave may be delivered up to the claimantor
his agent, exceptupon the finding of a jury; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial very numerously signed by
citizens of Lancaster county, in the State of Penn-
sj Ivania, asking the admission of California with
her present limits and constitution without delay;
and further, asking that no bill may be passed
agreeing to any compromise whatever, by which
a single square inch of soil, now free, shall have
slavery introduced therein; and that such meas-
ures may be taken as will effectually exclude from
all territories acquired from Mexico, a system
which Washington, and Jefferson, and Randolph,
and the gieat and good of all nations, have de-
clared to be the sum of all villainies; which was
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
Also, a petition from citizens and electors resi-
ding in Chesterfield, Burlington county, New Jer-
sey, signed by Peter Ellis and fifty-nine others,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be ex-
pressly prohibited by act of Congress in all the
territories of the United States.
Also, a petition from citizens and electors resi-
ding m Chesterfield, Burlington county, New Jer-
sey, signed by Peter Ellis and fifty-seven others,
asking that all laws may be repealed by which sla-
very or the slave trade is sanctioned in the city of
Washington, or that the National Government
may be removed to some more suitable location.
Also, a petition from one hundred and eleven
legal voters of the city of Buffalo, in the State of
New York, for the repeal of all laws enacted or
adopted by Congress for the support of slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition of thirty-eight inhabitants of
Pennsylvania, asking that Congress, by a change
of the Constitution or otherwise, abolish slavery
throughout the United States, or relieve the people
of Pennsylvania from all responsibility of aiding
in its support.
Also, a petition of thirty-two inhabitants of
Pennsylvania, asking the passage of a law to
abolish slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia.
Also, a petition from citizens of Palmyra, in the
State of New York, setting forth that they are
credibly informed, that certain men in the District
of Columbia claim and exercise the right of en-
tering the houses of their poor neighbors, and vi-
olently bieaking up such households, thus pros-
trating the conjugal, parental, and filial relations,
and asking the enactment of such laws as will se
cure the same rights to every individual in the
said District.
Also, a petition, signed by fifty inhabitants of
the Slate of New Jersey, setting forth that " he
who digs money out of the earth, who earns it
with the sweat of his brow, hath a just title to it
against the universe; no one has a right to touch
it without his consent; to do so is robbery;" and
asking that such a law may be passed as will se-
cure to all the people of the District of Columbia
the free enjoyment of their just earnings.
Also, a petition,[signed by fifty-seven inhabitants
of New Jersey, setting forth that in the District of
Columbia, over which Congress has exclusive ju-
risdiction, one man is allowed to own another
man's body—an act denounced by Holy Writ, as
may be seen by reference to the 21st chapter of
Exodus, 16th verse, and asking the passage of
such laws as will establish justice, and secure the
blessings of liberty to all the inhabitants thereof.
Also, from citizens of Newport, Herkimer coun-
ty, New York, asking the attention of Congress to
the atrocious wrongs and stupendous frauds done
in the District of Columbia, and calling upon
Congress, by all that is precious and sacred in the
rights of man, and by all thai is commanding and
fearful in the authority of God, to put an end to
these wrongs and frauds.
"1st. Daniel Drayton and -
• Savre are in prison in
the Dis-riet of Columbia, and they are to be kept there until
they shall have done the impossible thing of paying $17,760,
the amount of the fine> so cruelly and wickedly imposed
upon them. This is their doom, because, in the fiiat place,
there were found in the vessel which they navigated,seventy-
four of their wretched fellow-bemg>, who were seeking "to
escape from slavery. This is their doom, because, in the
second place, their judsje , adopting tuo shameful and
monstrous falsehood that slavery has a legal existence in the
District of Columbia, a legal exis-tenc undei our anti-
slavery nauonnl constitution, tiansmuted the nnru of the-e
two men into a crime, tiieir late merit into a hi.h crime
With these judse*, wiio are guiitv of being the servants of
pirates, and of installing in the place of righteous and hoi/
jaw the as-umptioiis of lawless piracy, what less should be
done than to impeach them? What less, indeed, should be
done with any United States judge who is guilty of admit-
ting, in his official capacity, the legal existence of slavery ?
"2d. The pre-eni Secretary of State is guilty of prostitu-
ting bis high office, to the seivice of the slaveholding inter-
est. His refusal to grant 'a passport or protection' to Henry
Hambleton, a colored peison, was ba ed distinctly and
solely on the ground of Mr. Hambleton's complexion. Is
notCongre>s bound to provide effectually against the repeti-
tion of thij? scandalous offence?
"3d. The piesent Marshal of the District of Columbia is
another instance of the abuse of official power, which calls
loudly for the action ot Congress. Ho, too, makes lights
turn upon complexion; and he goes so tai in this direction as
to imprison, or otherwise outrage, colored peison*, who if
they were hut white persons, would be entirely umnoh sted
by him. This ei arye is fully justified by his recent ciime
against Edward Brooks.
"4th. There are persons, even thousands of them, in the
District of Columbia, who arc actually held as slave* ■ and
they are claimed to be so held under the laws of Congress
We surely need not say that there are no law« of Conere«
authoijzmg slavery. If slavery can be legalized bv: any
authority, it nevertheless cannot be by a Legislature wh< se
powers are bounded by the ami-*lavcry Constitution of the
United Mates. How absurd the supposition that Congress
can establish slavery at West Point, or wherever it has a fort
or arsenal ! And yet, if Congress have power to estabii&h
slavery in the District of Columbia, it has powir to estab-
lish it wherever Congress has exclusive jurisdiction.
" We respectfully submit whether Congress, inasmuch as
there us a widespread delusion that it has power to create
and legalize slavery, should not hasten to declare that it has
no such power. But. whatever may he expedient on this
point, there can he no reasonable doubt tha Congress is
bound to put an immediate end to slavery in the District <>1
Columbia, and to guard against its recurrence by the terrors
of the highest penalties."
