1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON".. I now move to strike out
the following proviso:
" Provided, That five millions of said stock shall not be
issued until the creditors of the State holding bonds of Tex-
as lor which duties on'imports were specially pledged, shall
first file at the Treasury of the United States releases of ali
claims against the Uniled States for or on account of said
honds "
The PRESIDENT. The Senator's motion is
not now in order; but the question will come up
on the proviso when the bill shall have been re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Is it now in order to
move to recommit the bill with the amendment
offered by the Senatocfrom Kentucky? [Mr. Un-
derwood.]
The PRESIDENT. Did the Senator from
Iowa vote with the majority upon that amend-
ment?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I did.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to my
friend from Iowa, that the motion which he de-
sires to make can be made when the bill shall
have been reported to the Senate.
There being no further proposition to amend,
the bill as amended was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question now will be
upon concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment is the addition of the
words " claim to" in the second article of the bill.
After some temarks by Mr. TURNEY, the
yeas and nays were called for and ordered.
Mr BERRIEN moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words "titleand" before
the word "claim."
Some discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
WALKER, BERRIEN, and PEARCE took
part.
The yeas and nays were then called for, and re-
sulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Foote,
Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian,
Soul£, Turney, and Yuiee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
Blight, Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodgeof Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene,
JJale, Hamlin, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, Smith, Spru-
ance, Sturgeon, Undeiwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and
Winthiop—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on concurring in Mr.
Baldwin's amendment to insert the woids "claim
to."
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered,
and resulted as follow:
YE\S—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis o£ Massachusetts, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, D idgeof Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hamhn;
Norris, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stur-
geon, Undeiwoodj'Upham, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and
Winthrop—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Benton,
Berrien, Butler, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Foote, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton,
Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul6, Turney, and Yulee—22.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment to insert the words " claim to,"
in the fourth article, was concurred in without a
division.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment submitted by Mr. Pearce, to substi-
tute the following proviso for that in the fifth arti-
cle of the bill:
" Provided, That no more than five millions of said stock
shall be issued until the creditors of the State holding bonds
and other certificates of stock of Texas for which duties on
import41 were specially pledged, shall first file at the Ti easury
of the United States releases of alt claim against the United
States for or on accountof said bondsor certificates, in such
form as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury
and appioved by the President of the United States."
A conversation ensued in relation to this ques-
tion, in which Messrs. ATCHISON, PEARCE,
and the PRESIDENT took part.
Mr. BRIGHT then expressed his views at some
length; and was followed by Messrs. PEARCE,
RtfSK, ATCHISON, SHIELDS, DAWSON,
and BRADBURY.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment, and it resulted as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Bradbury,
Cass, Claike, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawson. Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Ewing, Felch, Foote, Greene, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mor-
ton, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Prnith, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Winthrop—-35.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison. Benton, Bright, Butler, Davis
ofMiasbsippi, Douglas, Houston, Mason, Rusk, Souie, Tur-
ney, and Whitcomb—12.
So the substitution of one proviso for the other
was concurred in.
The next question was on concurring in the
proviso which was added to the bill on the motion
of Mr. Mason, as follows:
"Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to impair or qualify anything contained m the
third article of the second section of the 'joint resolutions
lor annexing Texas to the United States,'approved March
1,1845, either as regards the number of States that may be
formed out of the State of Texas or othei wise."^
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the bill
by substituting the line proposed by the compro-
mise bill.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
UNDERWOOD, DAVIS of Mississippi, RUSK,
and SHIELDS.
The question was then taken on the amendment
by yeas and nays, and were:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of iowa, Ewing, Felch, Greene. Hamhn, Norris,
Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, Wales, Walker, and Winthrop—23.
NAYS—Messrs Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Hell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Bright, Butler, Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dawson. Dickinson, Douglas, Foote, Houston,
Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian,
Sou!6, Sturgeon, Turney, and Whitcomb—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
the bill by striking out the word "ten," in the
thirty-sixth line, and inserting in lieu thereof
" six;"so as to make the sum to be paid to Texas
six millions of dollars instead often millions.
The amendment was debated by Messrs. DA-
VIS, of Massachusetts, COOPER, and HALE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, asked for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bright, Chase, Clarke, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dodgeof Wisconsin, Felch, Gieene, Ham-
lin, Norris, Phelps, Seward. Spruance, Turney, Underwood,
Upham, Wales?, Walker, Whitcomb, ami Winthrop—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell. Berrien, Cass,
Clemens, Cooper. Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickin-
son, Dodge of lown, Douglas, Ewing, Foote, Houston,
Huntei, King, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian,
Shields, Smith, Sturgeon, and Yulee—26.
Mr. EWING moved the amendment which he
submitted when the bill was under consideration
as in Committee of the Whole yesterday, so as to
make the first article read as follows:
"First. The State of Texas will agree that her boundary
on the north shall commence at the point at which the
meridian of 100® west tiom Greenwich eiosses the Red
river, being the southwest angle on the line designated be-
tween the United States and Mexico, and the same angle on
the line of the territory set apart for the Indians of the Uni-
ted States; thence sonthwestwardlv to the most noitherly
point of the dam acioss the Rto Bravo del Norte, which
supplies with water the irrigating canal which supplies the
town of Ei Paso with watei; and thence, with the channel
of said river, to the Gulf of Mexico."
He asked for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered, and were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Bright,
Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts/Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Ewing, Gieene, Hale, Hamlin, Norris, Phelps, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walkei, Whitcomb, and Winthrop—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Foote, Houston, Hun-
ter, King, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Soute,
Sturgeon, Turney,and Yulee—26.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come after the word "agree-
ment," at the close of the second article:
" On the condition that the territory hereby ceded may be
at the proper time formed into a State, and admitted into
the Union with a constitution with or without the prohibi-
tion of slavery therein, as the people of the said territory
may at the time deteimine."
The debate was continued by Messrs. FOOTE,
SEBASTIAN, DOUGLAS, and BENTON,
when—
Mr. SOULE asked for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, the amendment was rejected, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bell, Berrien, But-
ler, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge o
Iowa, Foote, Hunter, King, Mason, Moiton, Rusk, Sebas-
tian. Soul£> Turnev, and Yulee—19.
NAYS— Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance
Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Win-
throp—29. - ;
The question was then stated to be on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY gave the reasons which
should influence his vote.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury, Cass,
Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Foote, Greene,
Houston, King, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Shield^,
Smith, Sturgeon, Wales, and Winthrop—27,
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton,
Bright, Butler, Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Ewing, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Morton,
Seward, Soute, Spruance, jTarney, Underwood, Upham,
Walker, Whitcomb, and Yaice—04.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask that the bill may now
have its thiid reading.
Mr. YULEE. Do I understand the Chair that
it is in order for the biil to have more than one
reading the same day?
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to read
it more than once on the same day if objected to*
This bill was read two separate times a week ago,
on the day on which it was introduced.
Mr. YULEE. But has it been engrossed since
it was amended ?
Mr. BADGER. The bill is engrossed,
Mr. YULEE. The question oh engrossment is
one question, and I supposed that the bill would
come up the next day for its third reading.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand the rule to be,
that the bill must be read three times on two sepa-
rate days. This bill has been read twice before,
and if it is engrossed it can certainly be put upon
its passage now.
The PRESIDENT. There can be no question
about the propriety of the order of proceeding.
The bill has been read twice on a previous day,
has been ordered to be engrossed, and, being en-
grossed, it is now presented to the Senate for its
third reading. The Senate can postpone it until
to-morrow if it chooses to do so.
Mr. YULEE. I merely desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that we are very far
from having a full Senate. The last vote was but
27 to 24.
Mr. BADGER. The absentees have paired off.
Mr. YULEE. How do you know?
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. I cannot see the necessity for this
bill going through in such a hurry. I have voted
for a thus far, but I think it might as well have its
final disposition to-morrow.
Mr. FOOTE. Several Senators will be com-
pelled to go away before then.
The question being taken on the motion to ad-
journ, it was negatived.
The bill was then read a third time, and the
question was stated, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BRADBURY called for the yeas and nays
and they were ordered, and were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge or Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Foote,
Greene, Houston, King, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Siuigeon, Wales, Whitcomb,and
Winthrop—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton,
Butler, Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Ewing, Hale, Hunter, Mason, Morton, Seward, Soute,
Turney, Underwood, CJpham, Walker, and Yulee—20.
So the bill was passed, and is as follows:
A Bill proposing to the State of Texas the establishment of
her northern and western boundaries, the relinquishment
bv the said State of ail terutory claimed by her exterior to
said boundaries, and ot all her claims upon the United
States.
Beit enacted,That the following propositions shall be
and the same hereby are offered to the State of Texas, which,
when agreed to by the said .-rtate, in an act passed by the
General Assembly, shall be binding and obligatory upon the
United States and upon the said State of Texas. Provided,
That the said agreement by the said General Assembly shall
be given on or betore the 1st day of December, 1851).
Pint. The State of Texas will agree that her boundary
on the north shall commence at the point at which the me-
ridian of one hundred degrees west from Greenwich is in-
tersected by the parallel of thirty-six degrees and thirty
minutes north latitude, and shall run from said point due
west to the meridian of one hundred and three degrees west
from Greenwich ; thence her boundary shall run due south
to the thirty-second degree of north latitude ; thence on the
s;iid parallel of thirty-two degrees of north latitude to the
Rio Bravo del Norte; and thence with the channel of said
river to the Gulf of Mexico.
Second. The State of Texas cedes to the United States
all her claim to teinto/y exterior to the limits and boundaries
