462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
state for myself, what perhaps may not be deemed
very important in any public point of view, but
necessary, as I think, to prevent any misappre-
hension of my own position in regard to certain
views expressed in our hearing on yesterday, by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] not now in his place, and who I fear
is again detained at his lodgings by indisposition.
I sincerely wish he were present, and I hope at
least that what I say, will be duly noted by his
colleague and other friends who may feel author-
ized to speak for him in his absence. I shall take
special care to no injustice, and feel that it is
impossible that the language of unkindness or
disrespect can find passage from my lips. Sir, I
was never more pained in my life, than at the
necessity now imposed upon me, of makftig the
explanation which I am about to offer.
On yesterday, sir, we heard the very able and
patriotic speech of the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina, and had occasion again to admire
the power of his logic, the purity of his diction,
and the noble American spirit which that speech
breathed throughout its whole compass. A.11 who
know me, and know anything of the sentiments
that I entertain for that gentleman, will believe me
when I declare, that I have the very highest esteem
for him personally; and I take this opportunity to
add, that for his intellectual faculties—for the puri-
ty of his character—for his elevated patriotism,
and his admirable disinterestedness of purpose—
indeed, that for all that can adorn the character of
the philosophic statesman, high-souled patriot,
and finished gentleman—I cherish for him an ad-
miration and kindness which few men, dead or
living, have ever awakened in my heart and under-
standing. Yet, sir, I must say at the same time, that
I was most profoundly grieved at two or three of
the observations that fell from him on yesterday,
and which, being offered to the Senate as part of his
deliberately-prepared (and indeed already printed)
speech, I have supposed might be regarded by
many as not only the fruit of closest meditation,
but to some extent also of consultation, among
those who have the honor to be associated with
the honorable Senator from South Carolina as rep-
resentatives of the southern section of the Confed-
eracy. Such is the high and imposing attitude of
the honorable Senator from South Carolina—such
his great weight of character and deserved influ-
ence throughout the southern States—so thorough-
ly, and I may well say, above all others, is he con-
fided in, in regard to the delicate and interesting
questions which now agitute the republic—that
it is next to impossible, that anything which fell
from him on yesterday, can be otherwise consid-
ered tha# as harmonizing with the matured and
universal public sentiment of the South. Already,
in fact, is it apparent that the speech of the honor-
able Senator is recognized by leading northern
prints, a a embodying well-ascertained southern
opinions, and as prefiguring the action which is
inevitably hereafter to take place.
Now, sir, though in the main I concur in the
views and sentiments so ably set forth by the
honorable Senator in tiiat most extraordinary
speech; though much of the argumentation I cor-
dially admire and most heartily approfe; though
J am deeply grateful to him for his manly and
irresistible vindication of southern rights at a mo-
ment so critical as the present; yet is it true that
I cannot subscribe to all that the honorable Sena-
tor thought proper to say upon the occasion, and
I feel bound to express my special regret that he
did not avoid sayma: several things which I cannot
but believe to be of a tendency exceedingly hurt-
ful to the South itself, and still more so to the
republic in general. Sir, I feel bound to declare,
that in my opinion the speech of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, was drawn up with-
out consultation with any other southern Senator,
and that no other Senator would be witling to be-
come responsible for those portions to which I
have already alluded, as being, m my judgment,
so decidedly objectionable. At any rate, sir, 1
have determined, as one southern Senator, not
yet despairing, thank God! of the Union, and
still resolved to struggle perseveringly for its
maintenance, if it may be maintained consistently
with southern honor and southern safety : I say,
Sir, I have resolved to lose no time in entering
my protest against such parts of the speech of
the honorable Senator from South Carolina as I
deem likely to injure, instead of benefiting, the
cause in behalf of which it was delivered. With-
out indulging in further preliminary observations,
I will proceed to read an extract from the speech,
and offer one or two comments thereupon.
Toward the close of it, after showing what could
not save the Xlmoriy the honorable Senator proceeded
to specify what, in his opinion, was indispensable
to its preservation; and, m so doing, he prescribed
one condition which I never heard of in my life
before he enunciated it in our hearing—which,
under existing circumstances, I hold to be impos-
sible of performance, or which certainly could not
by possibility be complied with, as all must admit,
at the present session of Congress—a condition,
too, as I am compelled to aver, wholly repugnant
to the attitude heretofore assumed by the South,
and by southern Senatois and Representatives m
Congress—who have up to this period contented
themselves with relying upon the Constitution as it
is—who have been content to claim the faithful ful-
fillment of its sacred guarantees—and have avowed
themselves on all occasions the upholders and de-
fenders of that sacred Union of States, established
by the organic law of the republic, and which is
now in imminent danger, only because the Consti-
tution and its guarantees have been of late most
shamelessly disregarded and trodden under foot,
and the original equality of the sovereign States
which compose the Confederacy most seriously
menaced with overthrow.
The condition to which I allude, and which has
been part brought to our notice on yesterday by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, is that
which embraces an amendment of the Constitu-
tion. What the nature of that amendment may
be, I am notutall informed,*and cannot easily con-
jecture; and I have found other southern Senators
not at all more illuminated on this point than my-
self. But, to avoid doing the honorable Senator
the least possible injustice, I will read that portion
of his speech which I am now noticing. It is as
follows:
" Having now shown what cannot save the Union, I re-
turn to flu: question with which 1 commenced : how can the
Union be. saved ? Theie w but one way by which it can
with any eeiiaiuty, and that it> by a tutl and final settlement,
on the punciples oi justice, of ail the questions is-sm> be-
tween tile two sections. T!\e South asks for justice,simple
justice, and hssshe ought not to take. She has no compro-
mise to oiler but the Constitution, and no eonce sion or
suirender to make. She has alieady surieuden d so much
that she ha* little left to simendei. Such a settlement
would goto the loot of the evil, and remove all cause of
discontent, liy satisfying the South she could remain hon-
orably and aaloly in the Union, and thereby restore the har-
mony and fraternal ledums between the section* which
existed anterior to the Missouu agitation. Nothing else
can, with any eertaint} , linalJy and tui ever settle the ques-
tions .it is->ue, terminate agitation, and save the Union.
But can tills, be done? Yes, easily; not by the weakei
parly, foi u can of it-ell do nothing—not even protect it-
self —but by the stronger. The Noith ha> only to will it to
accomplish it—to do justice by conceding to the South an
equal light in the acqimed teruioiy, and to do her duty by
ctiHMrig the stipulations relative to fugitive slaves to be
faithfully fulfilled, to cease the agitation of the blave ques-
tion, and to piovide for the million of a provision in the
Constitution, by an amendment, which will restore to the
South m substance the power she po.-scs.sed, ol protecting
herself, befoic the equilibiutni between the sections was
destroyed by the action ot this Governnn nt. Theie will
be no difficulty m devising s-uch a piovision-—one that will
protect the South,and which at the ?nme time will impiovc
and strengthen the Government, instead of impairing and
weakening it.'*
Now, sir, that such a constitutional amendment
as the one here hinted at may be desirable, I will
not undertake to deny. Indeed, I should feel it to
be somewhat presumptuous in me to question the
value of an amendment of the precise nature of
which I know nothing at present. Whenever the
honorable Senator shall choose to bring it forward
in a reguiar way for our consideration, { promise
to look into it dispassionately and without preju-
dice; and I doubt not that I may yield it my sup-
port. But, sir, at this moment, when  e are strug-
gling to adjust all the pending questions growing
out of the subject of slavery—when impedimeiu
on impediment has been thrust m the way of a
final adjustment of these questions—when impedi-
ment after impediment has been removed, and the
spirit of brotherly conciliation and compromise
are beginning to mark our own proceedings, and
still more strikingly to mark large assemblages of
our fellow-citizens, the proceedings of which are
now reaching us by every mail; at this moment
when I, for one, had hoped, and confidently hoped,
that if a special committee of thirteen could be
raised in this body, a general scheme of pacification
and settlement would be speedily agreed upon that
might certainly and forever put down faction and
factionists, secure the honor and safety of the
South, and secure the Union itself, without at all
tarnishing or obscuring the true honor of the
North—at such a time, and under such circum-
stances, the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, without consulting any of us, unprompted by
any assemblage of the people North or South,
comes forward with a claim for a constitutional
amendment, which he asserts to be indispensable
to the preservation of the Union. I confess that
1 do not perfectly understand this part of the hon-
orable Senator's speech. I am not prepared to de-
cide whether he meant to insist upon this alteration
of the Constitution as a sine quanon. [ hope not;
I hope (as I now see him in his seat) he will ex-
plain this grave matter to the country. But yet,
sir, is it clear that this proposition is an additional
obstruction to the immediate settlement of the
questions now pending? It is a proposition which
has not originated with any portion of the people
of the South; and one which, if insisted on,must
so procrastinate settlement, as I verily believe, will
make disunion almost inevitable.
Now, sir, I beg leave to say, and I wish to say
it very earnestly and very solemnly, that I am
quite satisfied for the present with the Constitu-
tion as framed by our wise and patriotic fore-
fathers. I am entirely content with its existing
provisions, if we can but secure their faithful en-
forcement. I am for the Constitution and its guar-
antees. I am for the Union, as provided for and
delineated in that sacred instruments It is not a
new Constitution, nor an amended Constitution,
for which I have been all along contending; not
such a Union as may be hereafter provided by the
wisdom of the present generation, but the good
old Union, the fruit of the sage counsels of our
imnaortal ancestors, men never surpassed in all
that is calculated to ennoble humanity and give
true glory to nations. I must insist that the strong
ground of the South has heretofore been that we
seek only what the Constitution entitles us to de-
mand; we ask but justice under the Constitution,
and that protection and safety which its provisions
were intended to secure. And, sir, I am not pre-
pared, indeed I am by no means prepared,'to quit
this strong ground, and assert that we of the
South will have no settlement of existing difficul-
ties unless we can effect a modification of the fed-
eral compact. I regret that we had not at least
some little notice of this new demand before it
was so formally asserted in the Senate, and in a
manner so deliberate and imposing. I do not
arraign the intentions of the honorable Senator
from South Carolina. I doubt not that they weie
most patriotic and praiseworthy. No man will
ever persuade me to doubt his purity, or his patri-
otism, or his anient love of the Union. But I re-
gret that he has so unnecessarily supplied his ever-
watchful adversaries with a plausible pretext for
ihe renewal of their unjust and heartless assaults
upon his character and sensibilities. I regret, if
possible, still more deeply, that he has made' it
necessary that I, who am one of his most admi-
ring and trusting friends, should thus plainly, as!
have done, protest against this requisition of a
i change in the Constitution, which all must per-
ceive to be at present impossible, and the demand
for which is, in my judgment, almost equivalent
to pronouncing the Union at an end.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
has, unnecessarily, as I conceive, gone a good deal
out of his way for the purpose of assailing certain
northern statesmen, whose noble maintenance of
southern rights, entitles them to the everlasting
gratitude of the whole South—a gratitude which I
take it upon me to say, no influence will be suffi-
ciently potent to induce the generous people of the
South to withhold from these their fearless and
disinterested defenders and advocates. The hon-
: orable Senator has gone still further; he has not
J reviled—he never reviles—but he has censured,
; most vehemently and sweepingly censured, the
l wnole North, "all portions" of which he accuses
I of hostility to southern institutions. I will cite his
' very words:
j " There is a question of vital importance to the southern
J section, m refeience to^ which the views and feelings ot the
j two sections aie us oppo-ite and hostile ;is they can possihly
i he. i reler to tilf: relation between the two races in the
s uthern section, winch constitutes a vital portion ot her
social otganizanon Every portion of (tie North enteitiuns
views and teehngs inori; or less hostile to it."
Now, sir, I must confess that I regard this lan-
guage as highly unjust to large portions of the
