mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 10,
which she agrees to establish by the first article of this
^T&yrd.**he State of Texas relinquishes all claim upon
the United States for liability for the dehts of Texas, aria lor
compensation or indemnity for the surrender to the United
States or her ship*, forts, arsenals, cusl^m-bouses, custom
house revenue, arms and munitions rtf aril*
baHdings with their f-ites, which became the property 01 tne
United States at the time of annexation. , aa
Fourth.. The United .States, in consideration of said es-
tablishment of boundaries, cession ofclaim to territory, and
relinquishment of claims, will pay to the btate of Texas the
sura often millions of dollars, in asfock bearing five per cent,
interest, and redeemable at the end of fourteen years, the
interest payable halt-yearlyat the Treasury of the United
St?wi. Immediately after the President of the United
States shall have been furnished with an authentic copy of
the act of the General Assembly of Texas accepting these
propositions, he shall cause the stock to be issued in favor
of the Slate of Texas, as provided for m the fourth article of
agreement. Provided, That not more than five millions of
said stock shall be issued until the creditors ot the State
holding bonds and other ceitificates of stock of Texas for
which duties on imports were specially pledged, shall first
fileat the Treasury of the United States releases of all claim
against the United States for or on account of said bonds or
certificates, in such form as shall be presciilwd hy the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and approved by the President ot the
United States: P>oMcd,also, Thatnothingherein contained
shall be construed to impair or qualify anything contained
in the third article of ihe second section of the joint resolu-
tion for annexing Texas to the I'nited States, approved
March 1, 1845, either as regards the number of Slates that
may hereafter be formed out the State of Texas or other-
wise.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlugust 10,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ESTATE OF THE LATE HON. D. P. KING.
Mr. ROCKWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Speaker he directed to pay to George
B. Loriug, attorney on part of the administrators of Daniel
P. King, deceased, late a member of this House, from the
State of Massachusetts, the balance that was due to the
paid deceased for per diem arid mileage up to, and including,
July 25, 1850, the day of his death.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. NELSON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calender.
The SPEAKER stated that, as this was private
bill day, by the rules, the motion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Nelson] would be entitled
to priority. '
Mr. WHITE rose and put an inquiry to the
Speaker, of which the reporter could not hear a
word; but the purport of which may be inferred
from the Speaker's reply.
The SPEAKER said, that the House could not
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, until after the expiration of the
morning hour; and on this day the morning hour
did not commence until after the private bills on
the Speaker's table had been disposed of. If the
House did not go into committee, the first busi-
ness in order would be private bills on the Speak-
er's table.
ALLOLAH.
Mr. HARLAN appealed to the House to
take immediate action upon the bill which had
heretofore been referred to the Committee of the
Whole, entitled " A bill for the relief of Allolah,
his legal representatives, and their grantees."
Mr. Bayly and Mr. Nelson having on the sug-
gestion of the Speaker waived their motions—
Mr. HARLAN, by unanimous consent, said
a few words in explanation of the object of the
bill—of which not the first word could be heard
by the reporter.
No objection having been made,
Mr. H. moved that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration of the
said bill.
The motion was agreed to.
And the bill waa read a third time and passed.
Mr. BAYLY and Mr. NELSON then renewed
their respective motions.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be, first
on the motion of Mr. Nelson, that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. DANIEL asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the negative.
The House refused to go into Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
BOUNDARY OF TEXAS.
A message was received fioin the Senate, by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill proposing to the
State of Texas the establishment of her northern
and western boundaries, the relinquishment by
the said State of all the territory claimed by her
exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims
upon the United States.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGE inquired of the Speaker whether, if
that motion should be voted down, it would be in
order to move to proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
that the motion is not in order. This is private
bill day. If the House should refuse to go into
committee, private bills on the Speaker's table
must be disposed of. After that the morning
hour would commence, and after that the House
could proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. INGE. Then I hope the House will take
that course.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and decided in the affirmative.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of*
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bort,
of South Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the current fiscal year.
Mr. HOUSTON, who held the floor from yes-
terday, resumed and concluded his remarks, which
will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. MOORE said, that he should follow the
example of his honorable friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] by saying a very few words upon
the subject of the message of the President re-
cently transmitted to this House, instead of dis-
cussing the appropriation bill, which was more
properly before the committee; and that honor-
able gentleman, in the remarks which he made
upon this subject day before yesterday, was, to
say the least, very violent in his denunciations of
the President for having sent to this House what
he considered, and said, was a "very extraordi-
nary document." That gentleman, in the torrent
of abuse which he heaped upon the President,
was strangely forgetful of facts and circumstances
which had recently transpired in our country.
He appeard to overlook entirely a communication
from the Governor of Texas to the Representa-
tives of that State upon this floor, which commu-
nication was dated but one day previous to the
letter which he had addressed to this Government,
and had been transmitted by the President of this
House, and which communication, so addressed
to those Representatives, contained threats of mil-
itary force and violence against any power that'
might attempt to prevent her from taking posses-
sion of a Territory now held by the General Gov-
ernment; and, sir, when the President sent to
this House his message upon this subject, at a
time when these threats upon the part of Texas
were before the country, was he not justified—nay,
indeed, was he not bound by every sense of duty
to say to the Representatives of the other States
of this Union, and who are now assembled here,
what would be his course of action in case the
threats of violence, which were menaced in that
communication, were attempted on the part of Tex-
as? Sir,there can be but one opinionon thissubject,
and it is, that the President has but done his duty
thus far in this matter, and nineteen-twentieths of
the people of this gpuntry will not only sustain
him in that message, but will also sustain him in
carrying out the position he has thus assumed, if
circumstances shall ever render it necessary for
him to do so.
He should not have trespassed at all upon the
attention of this committee, if it had not been
for the very singular doctrines advanced, and
language used by some of the honorable gentle-
men who have addressed the committee upon the
subject of this message of the President. Can it
be possible, sir, that those gentlemen hope to at-
tain anything towards a peaceable settlement of
this question of boundary ^ by the enunciation of
such sentiments, and such doctrines, as they have
here promulgated? Why, sir, some of them talk
as if the United States have n<* right whatever, m
this matter; that Texas has only to assert her
claim to a certain line of boundary, and it is trea-
son upon the part of New Mexico, or the United
States, to doubt or question that claim for a mo-
ment. They talk as if this question of boundary
never was a disputed question before, and that the
United States is now assuming upon herself a
duty in the settlement of this boundary, which
she has no right to assume in any other man-
ner than to quietly pay "Over to Texas what-
ever she may see fit to demand, for the territory
now in dispute. Sir, I can only speak for myself
in this matter, and I now say, that in my opinion,
a more baseless and unfounded claim to territory
or property of any kind, was never made by any
individual, State, or country, than ia thus set up
by Texas to this territory. And let me further
say, that I never knew a claim, even a good one,
more audaciously asserted and demanded than is
done in this case by the position which Texas
has seen fit to assume. And here let me also
say, that while 1 may perhaps be willing to vote
for a reasonable sum to Texas in the setilementof
this question, not one dollar of it would I vote as
a remuneration for the territory which she thus
claims; but because I feel that, having annexed
that State to this Union, and taken all her means
of revenue, we are in a measure ut least equi-
tably, if not legally, responsible for the debts due
from her at that time, and for the liquidation of
which debts those revenues were pledged.
Why, Mr. Chairman, Texas herself knew that
at the time of her annexation to this Union, her
claim to the Santa Fe country was doubted, and
questioned by almost every State in the Union.
Indeed, she acknowledged this, by acceding to the
terms of annexation. By the annexaiion resolu-
tions, it was stipulated that " said State to be
formed subject to the adjustment of all questions
of boundary which may arise with other Govern-
ments." Now, sir, here is an acknowledgment
upon her part that this question was an unsettled
one at that time. And, sir, you will perceive that
it does not refer to merely a single question of
boundary between that State and Mexico, as some
of the honorable gentlemen would have us believe,
but to "all questions of boundary which may
arise with other Governments." And what does
the Governor of Texas himself say upon this sub-
ject, in his recent communication? Why, that
Texas "would soon have conquered her boundary to
her whole extent;" thus admitting that she had not
done it, but that she would have done it, if cir-
cumstances had not prevented her. And, Mr.
Chairman, what does history say of this matter?
In 1836, General Jackson dispatched an agent of
the United States to Texas, who wrote home to
this Government in August of that year, that " the
political limits of Texas proper, previous to the
last revolution were, the Nueces river on the west,
along the Red river on the north, the Sabine on
the east, and the Gulf of Mexico on the south.
And he further says; " It was the intention of this
' government (Texas) immediately after the battle
' of San Jacinto, to have claimed from the mouth of
' the Rio Grande along that river to the 30Ih drgree of
' north latitude and thence due icest to the Pacific. It
' was found, however, that this would not strike a
' convenient point in California, that it would be dif-
1 ficult to control a wandering population sodistant,
! ' and that the territory now determined upon, would
'be sufficient for a young republic." Well now,
sir, is not this cool? Was it not a modest position
for Texas to assume? We at first thought we
would take or claim a much larger portion of the land
orproperty of Mexico, but finding that it would prob-
ably be difficult fir us to get it, or to keep it and gov-
ern it after we did get it, toe concluded that we would
only talce so much! And, sir, is there a gentleman on
this floor who will pretend to say that Texas ever
conquered or had in her possession one foot of the
territory which is now in dispute? No sir, I appre-
hend there is not one who will assume this posi-
tion ! Why, sir, when the Tyler treaty of annex-
ation was before the Senate, what was said and
done at that time upon this subject? Was not that
treaty rejected by an overwhelming majority, and
did not Colonel Benton at that time expose the
