1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
468
population of the free States. Abolitionists, it is
true, are numerous in most of the States where
slavery does not exist. The Free Soilers, as a
political faction, are still more numerous. There
are thousands of bawling demagogues scattered
through the North, some of whose obstreperous
voices are heard in the halls of Congress, who are
constantly avowing the bitterest enmity to the
South and to southern institutions. Yet still, sir,
there are many—yea, 1 doubt not, much the larger
part of the Democratic portion of the North, and
many Whigs beside—who, though they are not
the zealous advocates of slavery, and are unable to
appreciate the manifold advantages which we hold
to belong to our system of domestic labor, are, not-
withstanding, not hostile to it, in the sense in Which
the term has been obviously employed by the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina. What, sir!
Shall we say that those*&re hostile to our domestic
institutions,m apolitical sense, who haveconstant-
ly signalized themselves by defending them against
all unjust assailment; who are zealous upholders
of the Constitution and all its guarantees; who
have denounced the Abolitionists from the first,
and who still denounce them; who have never
affiliated with the Free Soilers; and .whose sturdy
blows have notoriously consigned Wiimot pro-
visoism and all its ill-fated advocates to defeat and
to disgrace ? Are these the enemies to our consti-
tutional rights? Are these persons justly accused
of beine hostile to the institution which they have
thus defended? No, sir, no ! There are states-
men in the North—yea, there are statesmen now
in my eye—to whom the. South is as much in-
debted for the defence of our rights, as to any of
her own sons. What does the honorable Senator
from South Carolina think of the noble meeting m
Philadelphia a few nights ago, and of the patriots
who composed it? Aie they our enemies? What
does he think of the still more recent Democratic
meeting in New York, at which resolutions were
adopted which would have done no discredit to
any city of the South, and which, with the excep-
tion of a single one, I am not afraid to say, I
should have voted for most cordially ? What has
he to say of those letters which were read at the
same meeting from the honorable Senators from
New York and Michigan [Messrs. Dickinson and
Cass]—letters which I predict will be received
with enthusiastic delight, and awaken a lively feel-
ing of gratitude and admiration throughout the
whole South ? Sir, I must insist that nothing can be
more unjust and illiberal, than to say that " every
portion of the North entertains views and feelings
more or less hostile to the South." Are they our
foes who are constantly defending us and our
vital interests against our real adversaries? Are
they hostile who have risked their all of popularity
and influence for our protection, and in many in-
stances have been driven from all public employ-
ment on account of their unswerving friendship
for us ? Is it generous, is it just, to insult them
now, or those, who yet linger among us, awaiting,
perchance, a similar doom, with the language of
complaint, of distrust, of censure? Surely, sir,
it is not generous, it is not just, and it is not even
politic, for us to act this part. 1 see that the hon-
orable Sena or from South Carolina i* present and
desirous of explaining, and I give way to him with
pleasure. .
Mr. BUTLER. i have not conferred with my
colleague, nor do I know that I am altogether m
possession of his views m relation to this subject,
but 1 shall anticipate him m replying to the re-
marks of the Senator from Mississippi, and give
to his views that interpretation that i think they
are susceptible of. I did not understand my col-
league to say that the Union could not be sustained
with its present organization, with an established
and fixed majority, or that the existing difficulties
nno-ht not be patched up by compromises to a cer-
tain limited extent; but I understood him to say
distinctly—and such was the whole tenor of his
Speech-.that if this Union was to be made perpet-
ual he wished to have in it two essential elements
—harmony among its members, and a sense of
self-security in every part. 1 understood my col-
league thus far to indicate his opinion; and, by
wav of summing up, he said, Restore harmony by
doing justice, by complying with the obligations
of the Constitution, by making provision on the
rait of the North for the restoration of fugitive
slaves; and more, if you wished this Union to be
perpetual and a love of it to exist in the hearts of
the people of the South; if you wished her to have
the security to her property which you professed,
it would be best for you, as it would be best for
all, or at least a desirable thing, that some provis-
ion be made in the Constitution, by which the
weaker party in the Union could have this sense
of security, and by which it could be protected
from the aggressions of a numerical majority.
These are the views of my colleague, as I under-
stood him, though I have never conferred with
him concerning them. I have chosen to reply to
my friend from Mississippi without conferring
with my colleague, and as he is now present, 1
will leave to himself the reference which 1 intended
to have made, if he had not appeared in his seat,
to the other comments on his speech by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. I have no doubt, m his
explanation, he will make himself understood.
He has always thought and spoke for himself
with intrepidity, and requires no interpreter.
Mr. CALHOUN, (in his seat.) What is the
question before the Senate ? Is there any, sir ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion pending.
Mr. CALHOUN. I must really express my
great regret that a member of this body, in my
absence this morning, before the hour for the con-
sideration of this question, should have engaged
in commenting on my remarks in reference to the
important question that is under discussion. I
had not the advantage of hearing the remarks of
the Senator from Mississippi ? Did he accuse me
of disunion ? Did he mean to insinuate that ?
Mr. FOOTE. I regret that the honorable Sen-
ator was not in his place. My only reason for
referring to the matter at this time was, that I did
not expect the honorable Senator to be here at all
for many days; I thought that he was too much
indisposed to be present; and believing that I
should have no other opportunity for seasonably
shielding myself from nusjudgment, I determined
to seize the present occasion for that purpose.
Now, I will say to the honorable Senator from
South Carolina that I had not the slightest inten-
tion to impute to him designs hostile to the Union.
I said that his motives were patriotic. He will
; find my remarks when reported in the morning to
be somewhat in bad taste, simply because so ex-
ceedingly encomiastic in relation to himself. All
that I said was, that his speech, addressed to us
with the best intentions, uid contain certain sen-
tences which, if construed as I feaied they would
be construed, would be regarded as insisting, on
the part of the South, upon demands that had never
before been set up, and which might prove fatal
to the Union, if not abandoned. In other words,
I understood the view of the honorable Senator to
be—and I know that other honorable Senators so
understood him—that an amendment of the Con-
stitution would be a sine qua 11011 to a settlement of
existing difficulties; and 1 declared that, if Che hon-
orable Senator designed to be so understood, I
could not agree with him; that I had never been
consulted in relation to this point, and that 1 be-
lieved the honorable Senator from South Carolina
would find himself quite alone in regard to this
requisition. 1 employed no uncivil or disrespect-
ful language towards that Senator. Every Sen-
ator present- well knows such to be the fact. 1
ventured to differ with him in opinion, as I had a d
right to do. 1 took the liberty of stating my own ,j
opinion, in opposition to his, as clearly and strong- l;
ly as I could. This, I hope, was not impious, or l|
other Senator. Sir, I desire that my words shall
go out and be received by the public as they stand,
and not as they may be attempted to be explained
here by any gentleman.
Mr. President, the Senator from Mississippi has
unfortunately overlooked the character of my re-
marks. What was the great object I had in view?
It was to ascertain the cause of the disquiet which
prevails ; and could I overlook that cause which is
so obviously to be traced to the utter inability of
the southern States to defend themselves through
Congress, upon this or any other subject, upon
which the northern States choose to act? Could
that be overlooked? It is the great and manifest
cause. If we had the same power now that we
had formerly, we could defend ourselves here; but
that jk'wer is gone. And it is the sense of weak-
ness that the South feels—it is the conviction that
they cannot defend themselves here, that is the
cause of the deep excitement which prevails in that
section of the Union. Could I overlook that? And
what was my summing up? It was that, unless
this question is finally and forever settled now, it
is not probable that it will be settled at any future
time, and that it never can be satisfactorily settled,
unless the cause which has led to that disquiet, be
removed. I said nothing aboutsirw qua non; I did
not allude to any sine qua non—that is an inference
of the Senator from Mississippi, not to be deduced
from any language that I used.
But 1 will say, and I say it boldly—fori am not
afraid to say the truth 011 any question—that, as
things now stand, the southern States cannot with
safety remain in the Union. When this question
may be settled, when we shall come to a consti-
tutional understanding, is a question of time; but,
as things now stand, 1 appeal to the Senator from
Mississippi, if he thinks that the South can remain
in the Union upon terms of equality ?
Mr. FOOTE. We cannot, unless the pending
questions are settled; but in my opinion, these
questions may be settled, and honorably settled,
within ten days' time.
Mr. CALHOUN. Does the Senator think the
South can remain in the Union upon terms of
equality without a specific guarantee that she shall
enjoy her rights unmolested?
Mr. FOOTE. I think she may, without any
previous amendment of the Constitution. There
we disagree.
Mr. CALHOUN. Yes, there we disagree en-
tirely; and there, I think, he disagrees with our
ancestors. I agree with-them. They thought
liberty required guarantees; they thought that it
required protection; and so believe I. Mr. Pres-
ident, 1 will not dwell upon this topic, which has
been brought up in this irregular mannfe.
The Senator from Mississippi accuses me of
another thing: that I condemned the whole North
in the gross, as being hostile to the South. What
did I say? I stated that there were three divis-
ions of sentiment in the North on the subject.
The first, and it constitutes but a small portion,
believe the institution of slavery to he immoral;
a larger portion believe it to be criminal; and all
believe it to be a blot upon our national escutch-
eon. What more did I say? I said lhat when-
ever it cflme to a question, all parties would join
m fighting against the South.
Mr. FOOTE. This passage in the Senator's
speech struck me as being too severe. I am very
glad to hear it explained.
Mr. CALHOUN. Every poition of the North
indecent or unallowable. Whilst 1 aspire to be i1 entertains feelings more or less hostile to the South,
the leader of 110 man, 1 wish it to be understood Mr. FOOTE. I cannot think so.
that 1 recognize no man, either here or elsewhere,
as my leader. I menace no one, and 1 will sub- •
mit to no menace; I command no one, and 1 will ;
yield to no command. I practise courtesy, and I ;
shall certainly exact it from all with whom I may |
have intercourse. Gentlemen who venture bold-
ly upon the arena of debate here must expect
sometimes to have their favorite positions ques-
tioned, and their arguments responded to; and they
have 110 right to presume unkindness merely on
the ground, lhat their speeches arc not permitted to
go wholly unansweied.
" Mr. CALHOUN. My friend from Mississippi
might have been saved from the necessity of
Mr. CALHOUN. More or less hostile. "What
I mean is, that they declare that the institution is
a blot upon our national escutcheon. Is that not
j being more or less hostile ? And is there a north-
I ern man who will rise up and make a declaration
to the contrary ? Sir, 1 must express my deep
regret that the Senator from Mississippi should
! think proper to call on me in this irregular way,
i and at this eaily stage, for an explanation. If he
; differed from me there would be a suitable occa-
1 sion, in the course of the debate, to express his
1 sentiments. No, Mr. President, we cannot dis-
guise the fact that this feeling in the North exists;
and unless there be a provision in the Constitution
malting these solemn protests that he has never •] against that feeling, the two sections of this Union
followed a leader, for 1 have never pretended to be
the leader of any man. When I speak, I speak for
myself—upon my individual responsibility—and
not for the Senator from Mississippi, nor any
will never live in harmony.
Now, sir, as to the question of disunion. I
talk very little about whether I am a Union man
or not; because I put no confidence in professions.
