1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 10,
All the States should alike know, and feel, that
if the General (Sovernment omits to repel attacks
■which it has itself occasioned, and leaves the State
to diminish its own resources to resist an enemy
which the Government by Us own acts has brought
upon it, that it shall be at least repaid what it has
properly paid out, in consequence of its taking the
place of the United States.
Without intending to impute any fault to the
Government, he insisted that the State was obliged
to call out her troops and be at the expense she
was, in consequence of the act of the General Gov-
ernment, which broughtabout the submission and
award of the King of the Netherlands. It was
this absurd award which gave the Territory to
Great Britain, but which wa3 promptly rejected
by the United States, and finally by Great Britain,
that occasioned Great Britain to get up her pre-
tended claim, although New Hampshire had
always previously exercised undisputed jurisdic-
tion. The territory now is conceded on all hands
to belong to the United States. It was the extraordi-
nary position in which New Hampshire was placed
by the General Government itself, that constrained
her to call out a small military force to prevent her
citizens from being massacred, and to defend the
territory which was as clearly hers as any with-
in her limits. He referred to all ihe reports of
the committees of this House, to prove thathe was
sustained in this position.
The State having full confidence in the justice
of the Government, under such circumstances,
made advances of two kinds—one of principal to
pay these expenses as they occurred, the other of
money it paid for interest on those advances. The
one has been acknowledged to be a just charge;
the other is supported by reason and precedent.
During the war of 1812, all those cities and States
which advanced enough to pay their militia for
their particular defence, and paid interest on that
money, have had it refunded to them. Pennsyl-
vania, Virginia, New York, Maryland, South
Carolina, Delaware, the cities of Baltimore and
Mobile, have all had special acts passed in their
favor, allowing them the interest-money paid out
by them to defray the expense of their militia and
volunteers called out for their particular defence.
During the last Congress, an act was passed m
favor of the State of Alabama, allowing her inter-
est on advances made by her in the suppression of
Creek hostilities, she having lost the interest, or
paid it out. In the Florida loans, too, the Secre-
tary of War allowed interest on advances for sup-
plies furnished, and expenses incurred in defence
of the inhabitants. He also alluded to the joint
resolution of Congress of 1784, allowing interest
to creditors of the Government from the time the
payment became due; to the act of 1790, when the
Government funded its owr; debt, and assumed
the debts of the States, and took upon itself not
only the principal, but the interest of those debts;
and where individuals holding the obligation of
the States bearing interest, were paid not only the
principal, but interest, by the General Govern-
ment. He cited the action and practice of the
Government for a long period of time in regard to
paying interest in similar cases, and contended
that it was perfectly clear that New Hampshire :
should be allowed her claim, if the same measure j
of justice was to be meted out to her, that had I
been measured out to her sister States. She sued !
not for favor, he said, but for equal justice. She I
neither asked nor expected any sacrifice of prin- [
ciple, or infringement of the laws of her country. I
The principle applicable in her cose had been I
settled over and over again, and was well stated by
Attorney General Wirt, in his decision on the !
Virginia case. It was this: the United States are
bound by the relation which subsists between the
General Government and the State governments,
to make provision for the defence of the several
States,
When the United States shall fail to make such
provision, and a State shall provide the means of
defence from its own resources, the expenditure
thus incurred becomes a debt against the United
States which it is bound to reimburse.
If the expenditure is supplied from its own
treasury and the State pays no interest, then
the Government returns the principal without in-
terest; but if, from the condition of its own finan-
ces, the State borrows money on account of these
advances, and incurs a debt drawing interest, such
a debt becomes essentially a debt of the United
States, and both principal and interest is to be
paid by the United States.
The principle is, that the State shall be indem-
nified not only as to the original expenditure, but
the damage it lias been put to by reason of the
expenditure; the measure of damages being the
interest she shall have paid out or lost frpm sale of
stocks drawing interest.
No matter whether the naoney was borrowed
by the State before the expenditure was made
and continued in consequence of the expenditure,
or borrowed at the precise time it occurred and
the identical dollars actually paid to the troops or
for supplies furnished, or borrowed to replace
money which was in its treasury for domestic
purposes but being taken out for the use and ben-
efit of the United States, t.he State was obliged to
borrow other money for those domestic purposes;
the principle appertainable in all these cases is the
same, that is, that the State shall be made whole
as to the amount it has actually paid out for inter-
est, in consequence of her taking the place of the
United States.
The limitation in the amendment proposed (he
said) restricts the Secretary of the Treasury from
paying the State interest for any larger sum than
the State was paying interest for at such time, and
secures to the United States the benefit of those
periods when the Treasury was full, from money
drawn from the pockets of her people.
He alluded to the question of the amendment's
being in order, and cited cases with a view to show
that it was strictly in order, under the rules of the
House, and said, the same reasoning which would
exclude it would exclude more than half of the
items in our annual appropriation bills, and re-
duce them to a bare skeleton to what they were.
That if it was not in order we could not pay for a
regiment of men called to defend the Capitol or a
custom-house built. The act of the last Congress,
ratifying and sanctioning the acts and doings of
the State in the matter, show the amendment to be
in order, and makes it a debt to be provided for
and paid.
The subsequent ratification by Congress was
the same as if original authority had been given,
and places the whole expenditure on the same
ground.
Believing, then, that the amendment involved
no new principle, either of construction or law,
but that it was sustained on every point by reason,
justice, and an abundance of precedents, he hoped
it would commend itself to the approbation of the
committee and House.
[A full report of Mr. P.'s remarks will appear
in the Appendix.]
Mr. WOODWARD addressed the committee
during his hour. At the outset of his remarks he
instituted a comparison between the proposition
known as the "Clayton compromise," and the re-
cent compromise bill of the Committee of Thirteen
in the Senate; exhibiting the inferiority of the lat
ter, and denouncing it as unjust and a surrender
of the rights of the South. He then passed to the
examination of ot|ier topics connected with the
question of slavery—especially that of sovereign-
ty, and denied the constitutional power of the Gen-
eral Government to coerce a sovereign State.
[A report of Mr. W's speech will appear in the
Appendix.]
Mr. CASEY next obtained the floor, and remark-
ing that he did not rise for the purpose of making a
speech at this period of the dog-days, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion being agreed to—
The committee rose and reported.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the usual resolution
providing for the close of the debate upon the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill on Tuesday
next at twelve o'clock. .
He remarked, that at this late stage of the ses-
sion, he saw no necessity for delaying the passage
of this bill by any protracted debate. .It seemed
to him that all these speeches about New Mexico
should be made upon the New Mexico bill.
Pending the question, on motion by Mr. JBURT
The House adjourned. '
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee :
By Mr. PITMAN: The petition of Stephen Jones and 109
other citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking
Congress for an immediate modification of existing tariff
laws.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Bannan and 37 other citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of Duncan Weir and 67 other citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James Tohiti and 53 othei citizens of
Schu>!kill county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Thomas Argall and 30 other citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, fortiie same purpose.
Also, the petition ot William Price and 62 other citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Th .rnas McDonough and 32 other
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Atso, the petition of John H. Hill and 27 other citizens of
Sehuj Ikiil county, Perms) Ivania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Jacob Christian and 69 other citizens
of Schuylkill countv, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
By Mr. PEASJjER : The petition of D. J. Daniels and
others, citizens of Northfield and Franklin, in the State of
New Hampshire, tor amendment 01 the tariff law of 1846,
and the adoption of specific duties.
IN SENATE.
Saturday , Ji itgitst 10, 1850.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of citizens of
Racine county, in the State of Wisconsin, asking
the adoption of measures for the adjustment of in-
ternational difficulties by arbitration; which was
referred to flfe Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Hamp-
shire, a petition from citizens of Massachusetts, a
petition from citizens of Pennsylvania, and a peti-
tion from citizens of Michigan, asking that no
State may hereafter be admitted into the Union
whose constitution does not expressly prohibit
slavery within its limits; which were received, and
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Hampshire,
a petition of citizens of Massachusetts, a petition
of citizens of Pennsylvania, and a petition of citi-
| zens of Michigan, asking that slavery may be pro-
i hibited by law in the Territories of the United
States; which were received,and ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Hamp-
shire, a petition of citizens of Massachusetts, a
petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, and a petition
of citizens of Michigan, asking that the right of
trial by jury may be allowed by law to fugitive
slaves when arrested by their owners; which were
received, and ordered to lie on the table.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Hamp-
shire, a petition of citizens of Massachusetts, a
petition from citizcns of Connecticut, and a peti-
tion from citizens of Michigan, asking that slavery
and the slave trade may be abolished in the Distnet
of Columbia, or, in default thereof, that the seat of
government may be removed therefrom; which
were received, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the
memorial of Eliza C. Bache, widow of George M.
Bache, late a lieutenant in the navy of the United
States, asking that a gratuity may be extended to
her in consideration of the death of her husband,
who was drowned at sea in the execution of his
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
.Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which" was referred the memorial
of Amos Kendall and others, asking that provision
may be made for securing the payment of their
claim against the Western Cherokee Indians out
of the money due by the United States to those
Indians, submitted a report in writing, which was
ordered to be printed, recommending that, in the
proper appropriation bill, a provision should be
adopted setting apart a certain amount of the sum
due the Western Cherokees for satisfaction of their
claims.
MILITARY RECONNOISSANCE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol- •
lowing resolution, which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the report ot the Secretary of War of the
3d of June, communicating the reports and reconnoissanees
by Captain French and Lieutenant Simpson, be printed
with the map and such of the accompanying sketches as in
the opinion of the del of uie Topographical Bureau may
be necessary ; and that the tai.l report be printed in connec-
tion with the report of the Secretary of War of thp 23d 0f
July, communicating the reports of the other reeonnofc-
nMnnVS ? , v''b" resr,Iutiun of the Senate of the 8th
?L I? • ?n u additional copies bo printed
th?t^h 1 for the use of the Topographical Bureau; and
that the Mid reports be bound, provided «he cost thereof shall
not exceed twelve and a half cents each.
