464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
I leave it to my £,ct£ to determine whether I am a
Union man or not. Sir,Ichallenge comparison with
any man here—I challenge a comparison by the
Senator from Mississippi—I appeal to him if there
is any man who has ever abstained more carefully
from what he believed to be a violation of the
Constitution, or who has ever been more forward
to arrest all infractions of the Constitution. It is
in vain for a man to say he loves the Union if he
does not protect the Constitution; for that is the
bond that made the Union. If I am judged by
m.y acts, I trust I shall be found to be as firm a
friend of the Union as any man within it. Sir, I
do not know that there are any points that 1 have
left unexplained; if my friend from Mississippi—
for 1 will still call him my friend—wishes for ex-
planation upon any other point, I shall be'^jad to
accommodate him.
Mr. FOOTE. I certainly did not intend any un-
kindness to the Senator from South Carolina. If
he had noticed my manner, he would have found
it to be entirely otherwise than unkind; I may
well say that he is one of the most valued friends
that I have in the world. It occurred to me, how-
ever, that some explanation was necessary, and
really, the Senator should, as I think, be inclined
to acknowledge himself under special obligations
to me for giving- him this early opportunity of ex-
plaining. The Senator accuses me of charging
him with being a disunionist. I am somewhat
surprised that he should make this accusation. I
have always maintained that he is one of the most
devoted fiiends of the Union in this body. But
when he says that the whole North is hostile to
the system of domestic slavery in the South, in
my opinion he does great injustice to the Noah.
Sir, the Senator from South Carolina insinuates
earnestly that my course toward him has been
unfriendly. I am far from thinking stf. I have
differed with him in opinion merely; if this be
evidence of enmity, I am his enemy; not other-
wise. Nothingcould more pain me than justly to
forfeit by any act of mine the friendship and es-
teem of the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, upon which, for several years past, 1 have so
much pi ided myself.
Mr. CALHuUN. The Senator exhibits, I
think, a little anxiety to misconstrue; at all events,
he does not construe my remarks liberally. He
calls my attention to a meeting in New York, at
which, he says, sentiments were expressed that
were favorable to the South. It is true there
were many sentiments expressed there that I ap-
prove of, but I am not to be deceived by them;
that meeting was for depriving us of all our rights
in California. I like to attend to things, and not
to the r^mes by which they are called. Sir, I
should be most happy to think that we should
have the vote of the Senators from New York, and
of other Senators of the North, in favor of pre-
serving our rights m California. But there are
two modes of treating the subject; one is by
speaking, and the other by acting—of the two, the
latter is the most effective. I had hoped that this
discussion would go on regularly, and I hope it
will hereafter; and if any Senator, in the course
of his remarks, chooses to comment upon what I
have said, I trust I shall have health enough to
defend my own position.
Here the conversation was dropped.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the message of the President
of the United States transmitting the constitution
of the State of California.
Mr. HAMLIN, who was entitled to the floor,
addiessed the Senate for upward of two hours
theieon. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix ]
Mr. SEWARD next obtained the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it will make no material
difference to the Senator from New York, 1 should
be glad to anticipate him in this debate. Theie
are certain reasons why I desire to do so. I will
say to the honorable Senator, that unless I speak
within a few days I may not have an opportunity
to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. It would give me great pleas-
ure to yield the floor to the Senator from Illinois,
but I have already given way several times. I
Will yield the floor, however, hoping that the gen-
erosity I have shown may meet with a kind re-
turn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thank the Senator for his
kindness. I will only say that I desire to post-
pone the further consideranon of this subject to
the earliest day when it will not interfere with
other business. I therefore move that it be post-
poned until Friday next. I do not know that I
should have named that day unless I had under-
stood that the honorable Senator.from New York
would succeed me.
Mr- TURNEY. I shall consent to no agree-
ment which may be made between Senators,-but I
shall claim the floor to offer some remarks on this
question, whenever I can obtain it.
Mr. Douglas's motion to postpone the further
consideration of this subject to Friday next was
then agreed to, and Mr. Seward, it was under-
stood, would address the Senate on Thursday
nex t.
RECIPROCITY WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President of the
United States, enclosing a correspondence be-
tween the British Minister and the Secretary of
State, being the same as that published m the
House proceedings of this date.
Mr. BADGER, i move that the message and
documents accompanying it, be laid upon the table
and printed.
Mr. KING. I presume they were sent here
with a view to some action.
Mr. DAWSON. Were they not called for by
a resolution ?
Mr. KING. Oh, no. This is not an answer to
a call of the Senate, is it?
Several Senai ors. No* certainly not.
Mr. KING. Then it must have been sent here
with the expectation of some legitimate action.
Mr. BERRIEN, (in his seat.) No doubt of it.
Mr. KING. Then it would be only respectful
to refer the matter to some committee, in oider that
the committee may report to us whether any such
action is necessary or not.
Mr. BADGER. There is no necessity for re-
ferring it now, I presume.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 think it had better be re-
ferred.
Mr. KING. 1 move to refer the message and
accompanying documents to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to divide that
motion. It seems to me that the first letter, in ref-
erence to the existing tariff, might go to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; but the second letter, which
relates to the duties on iron, it appears to me,
should go to the Committee of Ways and Means,
or perhaps to the Committee on Finance. I under-
stand that both letters have been sent here because
they have been presented to the State Department
by Lhe British minister, CAlling the attention of the
Government to our probable action in reference to
British interests. As these letters refer to two
distinct classes of interests, 1 think it would be
proper to divide the reference. I wish here to
remark, that the whole proceeding strikes me as
something new.
But, if the British Minister can be tolerated to
make suggestions as to the passage of laws which
may affect the feelings and mterests.of the English
people, I hope the committee will be kind enough
to direct their attention to some mode of suggest-
ing a modification of the British tariff, especially
in relation to the article of tobacco, and one or two
other articles, on which the British duties are
enormously high. Sir, if some arrangement could
be made by which they would reciprocate this
feeling, if some arrangement could be made that
would terminate in the mutual advantage of the
producers of both countries, it would be to me a
source of gieat gratification. I move that the first
of these letters be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the second to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The first mo-
tion seems to me to be the correct one, to lay the
message on the table; not with a view that it
should remain there, but that we should have an
opportunity of reading and looking into the docu-
ment, which is one a little extraordinary in its
character. It certainly embraces two subjects,
both of considerable consequence, and the proper
disposition of them may be as suggested by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood;] but at all events, the most appropriate
course would be to lay it on the table for the pres-
ent, and have it printed, so as to give us an oppor-
tunity of looking at it.
On motion of "Mr. BADGER, the message was
then laid on the table, and the motion to print re-
ferred .to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing the documents,
and the report was concurred in.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 6, J850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DELAWARE BAY.
Mr. HAY asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution, which
was read for information:*1
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing a breakwater at
Crow's Shoal, in Delaware Bay, near Cape May, New Jer-
sey; and that they report to this House by bill or otherwise.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was introduced and adopted.
TEXAN NAVY.
Mr. HOWARD a^ked that a memorial here-
tofore presented by him from the officers of the
Texan Navy, and which had been referred to the
Committee on Commerce, be withdrawn from that
committee, and be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. It was so ordered.
TENNESSEE.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented certain joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Tennessee, m favor of an Agricultural Bureau,
which were referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
that State, relative to the Constitution and the
Union; which was ordered to he on the table and
be printed.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of the committees for re-
ports, commencing—where the call was last sus-
pended—with the Committee on Naval Affairs.
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN asked the unanimous
consent of the-House to introduce a bill, of which
(he said) previous notice had been given, " pro-
viding for the publication of the laws of the United
States."
Leave having been granted, the bill was intro-
duced, read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
ALBEMARLE SOUND.
Mr. OUTLAW asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read for informa-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the. expediency of opening a communica-
tion between the waters of the Albemarle Sound and The
Atlantic Ocean, at or near to Old Roanoke Inlet, and that
they have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Leave having been granted, the resolution was
introduced and adopted.
Mr. BURT insisted on the regular order of
business.
Mr. McLANAHAN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the memorial of the
Senate of the State of Pennsylvania, the purport
of which he did not state.
Objected to.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
the Committee on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of
Thomas M. Newell, and it was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McdUEEN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Dennis, which being read a first and second time
I by its title,
| Mr. McQJJEEN asked that the bill be read
s through with a view to its passage.
. The bill was so read.
! Mr. P. KING moved that the bill be referred to
! the Committee of the whole House, and made the
! order of the day for to-morrow.
| Mr. McQ,UEEN made some remarks touching
I the peculiar merits of the case, and expressed the
