THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS ,$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 8, "1850.
New Series.... No. 30.
hope that the bill would be passed without the re-
ference proposed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said this was a
case of peculiar hardship; that the man had lost
both his arms in the service of his country; and
that he could not help himself even to a drink of
water.
Mr. CONGER made some remarks in favor of
referring the bill as proposed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. King,J and of letting it take
its regular place on the calendar with the other
meiitorious cases to be found there.
Mr. STANLY expressed himself in favor of
the immediate passage of the bill, arid moved the
previous question.
Mr. VAN DYKE inquired whether the rules
did not require the reference of the bill, as it in-
volved an appropriation of money ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
did not.
The question was then put; and there was a
second to the previous question; and the main
question was ordered to be put.
The question now being, " Shall the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole," it was put
and decided in the negative.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading; and, being engrossed,
Mr. McMullen objected to its being read the
third time to-day; and
The question was put to the House, whether
the bill should receive its third reading to-day,-and
decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
Mr. CROWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and moved to lay
that motion on the table.
The question was put and the motion was laid :
on the table.
On motion by Mr. CROWELL, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition and
papers of John Kendnck.
Mr. FREEDLEY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported the following bills which
were severally read the first and second times by
their titles, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the reports accompanying, or-
dered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief Thomas Rider; and
A bill for the relief of Henry La Reintree.
Mr. McCLERNAND, also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Henry La Reintree, asking for additional compen-
sation for his services as a translator of the Span-
ish language; which report was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill to make further appropriation
for the public buildings in the Territories of Min-
nesota and Oregon; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee of the W hole on the
stale of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALLACE, from the Committee 011
Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in
the following cases; which were ordered to lie on
the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of the heirs of Peter and Winni-
fred Ash by;
The petition of Rosa Clark;
The petition of the heirs of James Broadus;
The petition of Margaret Williams;
The petition of the heirs of Roseman Porter, the
widow of John Brady; and
The petition of Sarah Knight.
Mr. WALLACE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Eleanor Da-
vidson; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, madS an adverse report
on the petition of Catharine Michael; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
30
On motion by Mr. TUCK, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
he dischaigcd from the further consideration of the petition
of Caleb Dusttn, praying for the redemption of Continental
scrip, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported the following
bills, which were severally read twice by their
titles, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the reports acompanying, or-
dered to be printed, viz:
A bill granting a pension to Sarah A. Bush;
and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieut. Col.
Henry Miller, deceased-
PENSIONS.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a joint resolution
giving construction to the act of February, 1849,
granting five years' half pay to certain widows and
orphans.
The bill having been read twice by its title, Mr.
FREEDLEY, remarking that its object was
merely to give a construction to a former law, asked
that it might be put upon its thiid leading.
The bill having: been read through,
Mr. JONES said, that the joint resolution
which had just beon read, was right and proper,
as far as it went—that it met his corrdial appio-
bation, and should have his suppoit But it did
not go far enough. By the provisions of the act,
approved July 21, 1848, pensions were authorized
to be granted to all widows and orphans of offi-
cers, non-commissioned offireis, musicians, and
privates, whether of the regular army or of vol-
unteers, who have died since the first day of
April, 1846, or may die during the war with
Mexico, from wounds received, or from disease
contracted, while in the line of duty; provided
said death has occurred, or may hereafter occur,
while said officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, or privates, were in the service of the
United States, and in the line of duty; or while
returning to their usual places of residence in the
United States, after having received a discharge,
upon a surgeon's certificate, for disability in-
curred, from wounds received, or disease con-
tracted, while in the line of duty, or while on their
march to join the army in Mexico. These were
the provisions of the act of July 21, 1848; and,
when a widow or orphan applied for £ pension
under it, in consequence of the husband or father
having died in the service of the country, notwith-
standing the fact might be borne upon the rolls,
that he had actually died in a foreign land, and in
the service of his country, it wag not Conclusive of
the right of his widow or orphans to the benefits
of the act; but, under the rules and regulations of
the department, the applicant was required to
prove, by a commissioned officer, that the de-
ceased husband or father, actually died from
wounds received, or from disease contracted, while
in the service of the United States, and in the line
of his duty. This was clearly the meaning and in-
tention of the law; in other words, these rules and
regulations were in accordance with its express
provisions. But from the death of many of the
officers, and the removal of others, it was ex-
tremely difficult—not to say impossible—in many
cases, for the destitute and helpless widows, and.
the still more helpless orphans, to comply with
such rules and regulations, and amounted, not un-
frequently, to a total deprivation of the very in-
adequate relief, intent.ed, by the provisions of the
law, to be extended to this most needy and mer-
itorious class of claimants upon the justice of the
Government, for the irreparable loss which they
have sustained, in the death of him to whom
alone they looked for protection and support.
The act of February 22, 1849, provides that the
act of July 21, 1848, shall be so construed as to
embrace "all widows and orphans of officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians and pri-
vates, whetherof the regular army or of volunteers,
who have received an honorable discharge, or who
remained, to the date of their death, in the military
service of the United States, and who have died since
their return to their usual places of residence, of
wounds received, or from disease contracted,
while in the line of duty." By the provisions of
this act, it was manifestly intended to effect two
objects—First, to secure the pension to all widows
and orphans whose husbands and fathers remained
in the service to the date of their death, without
regard to the cause of such death. A different
construction, however, has been given to this act
by the proper officers of the Government—doubt-
less from the best of motives—and under that con-
struction, (he applicants for pensions, under the
two acts, are sull required, to prove that the hus-
band or father—under whose name they apply—
actually died of wounds received, or from disease
contracted, while in the line of his duty. Sec-
ondly, to extend the benefits of the act of the
26th July, 1848, to ail widows and orphans of offi-
cers and soldiers, " who, having received an hon-
orable discharge, and who have died since their re-
turn to their usual places of residence, of wounds
received or from disease contracted, while m the line
of duty." This is a new class of cases, never be-
fore provided for, but as much entitled to the aid
of the Government, as those whose husbands and
fathers died after being discharged, but before reach-
ing home. No difficulty has occurred with regard
to this latter class of c^ses, where the husband or
father died before Fe'bruary 22d, 1849—the date of
the approval of the law. But under the law, as it
now stands, and the construction given to it at the
Pension Office, no widow or orphan can obtain the
pension contemplated by these laws, whose hus-
band or father has died since that date. The law,
perhaps, rigidly construed, may bear such a con-
struction—indeed, it may be the true one. But if
so, it was clearly an oversight in the person who
draughted the law, as also in those who passed it.
Congress could never have intended to pass a law
granting pensions to the widows and orphans of
soldiers who died before the 22<1 February, 1849,
and to exclude those of soldiers who had been en-
gaged m the same service, and who died from simi-
lar causes, but who happened to linger upon life's
shore twenty-four or forty-eight hours longer, and
then died the day after the passage of the act. .
Now, sir, the joint resolution under considera-
tion, will correct the misconstruction or omission
of the law in the first class of cases to which I
have referred, by extending the benefits of the
laws to all widows and orphans whose husbands
or fathers remained to the date of their death in the
military service of the United States, without re-
gard to the cause of death.
The other object which I desire shall be effected
by this joint resolution, is, by an amendment, to
provide that the widows and orphans of all offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, who, having been honorably discharged,
have since died, or who may hereafter die, of
wounds received, or from disease contracted, while
in the service, as well those who die after the pas-
sage of the act of February 22,1849, as those who
died before the date of the passage of that act.
There is another class of cases, equally merito-
rious as those already provtded for, and which 1
desire to see the benefits of the pension laws ex-
tended to. I allude to the widows and orphans of
such volunteer officeis who resigned in conse-
qucnce of disability to perform military duty, and
who have since died, or who shall hereafter die, of
wounds received, or from disease contracted, while
in the military service of the United States during
the war with Mexico. This should certainly be
done. In order to effect the objects desired, I
will move to recommit the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, in the hope,
and as I believe, the committee will so modify and
amend it, as to extend the benefits of the pension
laws to the several classes of widows and orphans
to whom I have referred. I hope the recommit-
ment will be ordered, with this understanding.
Mr. FREEDLEY said, I have asked that this
joint resolution be put upon its passage. It does
'not enact any new law. It only gives to a law
heretofore passed that construction which it is
the unanimous opinion of the committee was the
