1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
The question pending: was on the proposed sub-
stitute for the bill submitted by Mr. Yta.EE, being
to change the existing government of California
into a provisional territorial government.
Mr. YULEE resumed the remarks which he
had in part concluded on Thursday last, and con-
tinued them for one hour and a half.
The question was then taken on the substitute,
and it was rejected—yeas 12, nays 35, as follow:
YEAS—Mppprss. At^hi'-on, Rerrien, Clemen®, Davi3 of
Mississippi, D,uv«on, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Sebas-
tian, Tnrnev, and Yulee—12.
NAYS—Badger, Baldwm, Bell, Benton. Brad-
bury, Bright, Ons«, Chase, Clarke Cooper, Or vi> of Mn«a-
Vbu-iefts, Dickinson, Dod re of Wisconsin, Dodge of Towa,
Douglas, Ewms, Felch, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, N or-
ris, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spiuance,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Waikei, Whiteomb,
and Winthrop—35.
Mr. POOTE moved to amend the bill by adding
thereto:
That the following donations and provisions for the bene-
fit of the State of California h*, and ilie same hereby are,
made upon ihe condition* hereinafter >tated •
1. The grant* are as follows: one section in each quarter
lown«hip of the pubhe land-*, for the u^e of schools.
2. Sev -niy-two sections of the unappropriated lands with-
in the State, to be set apart and reserved for the use and
support of a university.
3. Four sections of land to be selected by the Legislature
from tlx1 unappropriated public land?, for the u*e of the
State in estabh<bing a seat of government, or to defray the
expense* of public buildings at the same.
4. 500.000 acres of the pnbhc land-% in addition to the
509.000 granted to all new States, for the purpose of defray-
ing the expenses of the State government, and for other
State pmpo.vpfs, and five per centum nf ihe nut proceeds of
the sale ofall lands in ihe State sold by the United States,
to he ap- ropnated for the encouragement of learning.
5. All salt springs within the Stale,and the land* reserved
for the u«sn of the pftme,«t, least one section, to be used or
disposed of as the Legislature may direct.
• And the foregoing grantsare made upon the expre«a condi-
tion and stipulation that the people of California shall,
within twelve months after the passage of this act, in *uch
manner or mode as shall be binding i pon them, limitand re-
strict the southern boundary of that State to the line ol thir-
ty-six degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude at as early
a day as practicable, and that thereupon a territorial gov-
ernment shall he, and the same hereby i«, established in arid
for the residue of California a? created hy this act, south of
the said line of thiriv-siv degree? and thirty minutes of north
latitude, similar in all 'respects to the territorial government
provided for the Territory of Utah, the only difference bcin®
n the boundaries of the two Territories, and in their names
wheresoever they occur; and, upon this condition being
complied with on the part of the people of California, the
President of the United States will appo-nt Ihe neeesviry
officers of the same number and description with corre-
sponding compensation, and in the same manner as tho^e
for the Territory of Utah ; and he will take all necessary
measures to put. the government of said Tcrniory into op-
eration without delay; whereupon, all ihe grant*, provis-
ions, and stipulation made by this section shall accrue to the
people ntid government of the said Siate of California : Pto-
vided, Tnat nothing herein contained «hall bo so construed
as to prevent the Senators and Representatives elect from
the Siate of California from occupying, immediately after
the adoption of this act, their &eais in the two Houses of
"Congress respectively: Jind provM, further, That when
such alteration of the boundaries of Cahfotma as is herein
pioposed shall have taken place, the Teriitory o! Colorado
which is by this act established, will he recognized as being
in all respects in the same plight and condition as if tiiecon-
stitution of California had never been extended over any
part thereof. J
Mr. FOOTE briefly supported his? amendment,
and was followed by Mr. ATCHISON on the same
side.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved, and the
proviso relating to the Senators and Representa-
tives of California was stricken out.
And the question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Foote, it was rejected—yeas 13, nays 29
as follow: '
YEAS—Messvs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien. Davis of Mis-
■istfppi, Dawson, Foote, Hunter, King, Mason Morton
Sebastian, Soul£, and Turney—13. BJ ' Worton>
-uNAYSr?eT1- Ba"'wir!> Bent0"> Bradbury, Bright,
Chnse, t-JarkP, Cooper, Dav,s of Massachusetts, Dickinson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dod-re of Town, Douglas, Ewirm
. Felch, Greene, Hamlin, N.irris, Pearoe, Phelps Seward
ShieMs, Smith, Spruance Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham
Wales, Walker, and Winthrop—29.
Mr. TURNEY submitted an amendment, to the
effect that when California, in convention, shall
pass an ordinance acknowledging that the public
lands belong to the United States, and exempt
them from taxation, that the property of non-
residents shall not be taxed higher than those of !
residents, &c., &c., and that the southern bound- S
ary shall be the line of 36° 30', the State to be
admitted on the proclamation of the President of
the United States.
Mr. SOULE proceeded to addfess the Senate
in support of the amendment, but yielded to
Mr. BOTLER, who moved, and the bill was
postponed till Monday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved, and the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of Execu-
tive business.
And shortly afterwards the Senate adjourned.
[See Appendix for a full report of this day's
debate.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 12, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
There was great competition for the floor.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
providing for the adjournment of Congress on the
second Monday in September. And he gave no-
tice that, if objection was made, he should move
that the rules of the House be suspended, to en-
able him to introduce it.
The resolution having been read, and objection
having been made—
Mr. HARRIS moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER said, that the motion to sus-
pend the rules was not in order, because such a
motion was alteady pending.
Mr. HARRIS gave notice that, when in order,
he would move a suspension of the rules.
THE POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office, asked the unanimous consent of the House
to introduce the post route bill. It was very long:,
and if it was the intention of the House to pass it,
it was time that it should be printed.
No objection having- been made—
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported a
bill to establish certain post-routes in the United
States.
The bill was read twice by its title.
And, on motion by Mr. P., it was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and was ordered to be printed.
STEAM VESSELS ON THE LAKES.
Mr. GIDDINGS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of citizens of Cleaveland, and
of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, praying Congress to
take means to preserve the lives of steamboat pasT
senders upon the lakes.
The memorial, on motion by Mr. G., was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
TEXAS, &C.
Mr. MEADE moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to introduce a resolu-
tion; which he sent to the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER said, a motion to suspend the
rules was not now in order.
Mr. MEADE inquiied why not?
The SPEAKER said, because the regular order
of business was a motion to suspend the rules.
And no other motion to suspend the rules would
be in order, until that had been disposed of.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. MEADE asked that his resolution might
be read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, the President of the United States, in his mes-
sage of the 6th of August, 1650, communicating a copy of a
letter from the Governor of the State of Texas to the late
President, and of a reply thereto from the Secretary of State
expresses his fears that the claim of Texas to the territory
lyinsr ea*t of the nvor del Norte, and embraced within the
old limits of New Mexico, may lead to collision between
the authorities of that State and of the United States, unless
prevented by timely action ori the part of Congress, whose
immediate attention he invites to the subject; and this
House being impressed with the impoitance of the matter
thus submitted to its consideration, and disposed to «ive
pi ompt attention to, and bestow due and respectful consid-
eration on, any claim preferred by aState of this Union
Therefore, >
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House, that the Presi-
dent of the United States should avoid any action which is
calculated to result in such collision, and await such legis-
lation as Congress may adopt in reference to the territorial
claim of the State of Texas.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce it.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. MEADE gave notice that he would move
a suspension of the rules, when that motion should
be in order.
Mr. PHCENIX asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution.
The regular order of business was insisted upon.
DEBATE ON THE CIVIL LIST BILL.
The SPEAKER announced tbeunfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution offered by Mr. Screnck,
on Saturday last, and pending at the time of ad-
journment, providing that all debate in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the
bill making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government, for the cur-
rent fiscal year, should terminate on Tuesday
next (to-morrow) at twelve o'clock; and that the
committee should that proceed to acton all amend-
ments pending, or that might be offered.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the resolution
by substituting Monday next.
Mr. MEADE moved that the resolution and
amendment be laid upon the table.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out "Monday next" and in-
serting " Fr iday."
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] takes piecedence.
That motion must be disposed of before any amend-
ment is in order. After that, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] can offer hisarnend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Meade, and decided in the negative,
i So the House determined that the resolution and
amendment should not be laid on the table.
The question then recurring on the amendment
ofMr. Bayly—
Mr. ASHMUN moved the amendment he had
indicated, and demanded the pievions question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
The question was taken first on the amendment
of Mr. Ashmun.
The SPEAKER said there was a large major-
ity tip.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
the yeas and rinys.
The SPEAKER counted and said, there was
not a sufficient number.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
tellers on the yeas and nays
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. McQueen
and Duncan were appointed.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Ashmun.
And the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Bayly, as thus amended—
Mr. INGE inquired of the Speaker, whether it
would be in order to move to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table?
The SPEAKER said, such a motion was in
order.
Mr. INGE submitted it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays; which were refused.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative.
So the House determined that the resolution and
amendment should not belaid on the table.
The amendment, as amended, was^hen agreed
to.
And the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to reconsider the vote,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. ASHMUN rneved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
; the Union.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, inquired whether
! the motion to go into Committee of the Whole
, on the state of the Union, took precedence of
: the motion he had indicated to suspend the rules
I to enable him to introduce a resolution for the ad-
i journment of Corgress ?
; The SPEAKER said, the motion to go into
! Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
j took precedence. •*
I The question was then taken, and decided in the
J affirmative, without a division.
| So the House resolved itself into Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt
! in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
civil and diplnmotic appiopriation bill.
Mr. CASEY, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee at length on the subject of
the protective policy, and the condition of the iron
and coal interests in the State of Pennsylvania. To
illustrate the depressed state of the iron and coal
