466
/
J
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
intention of Congress in passing it. It declares
the true construction of that law to be, to give pen-
sions to the widows and orphans of all soldiers
■who died while in service in the Mexican war,
without regard to what may have been the cause
of such death. This is believed to have been the
intention of the act referred to; but the commis-
sioner of pensions and the proper department have
given to that act a different construction; they
now require the widow, whose husband died in
service in Mexico, to prove that he died of wounds
received, or of disease contracted, while in the line
of his duty. This, in most instances, amounts to
a denial of the pension. The company officers
who commanded in Mexico, are many of them
now dead—many on the frontiers in distant places,
and many in places unknown. How, then, are
these poor widows to be expected to furnish this
proof? They have lost their husbands. They
have died while in the service of their county, and
shall these widows be now told that they must
show by the proof of the proper officer, that tl.e
death was not occasioned by imprudence or excess,
but by disease contracted while in the line of duty ?
We all know that, in a majonty of cases of deaths
among our soldiery in Mexico, such deaths were
induced by some imprudence on the part of the |
soliiiei; and shall the widow and orphan of the
soldier, whose bones now whiten the fields of
Mes-ico, he deprived of the bounty of government,
because the husband and father has indulged in
habits, which may be said to be incident to the
camp? This was not the intention of Congress.
It is contrai y to the plain reading and clear inten-
tion of the act of 22d February, 1849. That act
was intended to give a pension to the widow and
orphans in all cases where the husband and father
remained in the seivice, to the date of his death,
without regard to what may have been the direct
or remote cause of that death. It is sufficient to
know that he died in the service of his county.
The object of this resolution is only to declaie, in
words which cannot be misconstrued or misunder-
stood, that which the committee believe to be now
the law. I will send to the desk, and ask to be
read, the act of 23d February, 1849, in connection
with the resolution now proposed to be passed, and
think it will clearly appear that the latter but de-
clares the law as the former intended it—(Cleik
reads said act in connection with the resolution
reported )
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, offered the following
amendment:
Pio, Th;it Ihe .let In- constiued as to extend
to the widows anil orplnm-. ot uH'icris noii-commit-Motn'd
oliK'tTN inuai i;in-, aiul [invatcs ot the war ot lt<t^. and the
ClrccU and Flouda Iinhcn w.irs.
Mr. C. desired to have the resolution so amend-
ed as to include the widows and orphans of the
soldiers who had died in the war of 1812, and
in ihe Florida campaign. He thought the same
measure of justice was due to the widows and
orphans of those who had rendered valuable ser-
vices in tlu'se earlier wars, as was claimed for
those of the soldiers who died in the Mexican war.
He did not desire to disparage the services of those
who were engaged in the Mexican war. He had
submitted an amendment to the committee, which
was yet under consideration, but he thought it
might be ingrafted on this resolution.
Mr. HARALSON said he was notapprised that
the class of soldiers proposed to be included by the
gentleman from Alabama, namely, the soldiers
who had died in the war of 1812, was not em-
braced in (he resolution.
Mr. COBB replied in the negative. The resolu-
tion applied only to that portion which had died
Of (llx'MSP.
Mr. HARALSON hoped the law would be
read.
Mr. SACKETT thought the resolution would
not operate faiily, when it provided for the
widow of a soldier who died, while in service, of
disease contracted before he went into the service.
For instance, he would take the cases of two in-
dividuals who had enlisted at the same time. One
of these dies, while in service, of a disease con-
tracted before he entered the service, and "his
widow and orp ans obtained a pension. The
other, who has received an honorable discharge,
and has carried his disease out of the service
with him, dies after such discharge, and his widow
and orphans are refused a pension. lie saw no
sufficient reason for the discrimination by which
the soldier who had been honorably discharged,
and who died of the disease which he had pre-
viously contracted, should not be put on the same
footing with the soldier who had died in the service.
He had no serious objection to the resolution, hut
he thought this discrimination ought not be per-
mitted to exist.
Mr. VINTON advocated the committal of the
resolution to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, in order that it might be better
understood before it was pressed to its passage.
As he understood the law, if a soldier, receiving a
wound while in the line of duty, which resulted
in death, during his continuance in service, his
widow and orphans were entitled to a pension. It
was proposed to change this law, so as to entitle
the widow to a pension, if the soldier died of dis-
ease while in service, whether the injury or dis-
ease was contracted during such service or not.
He referred to the numerous claims which had
poured into the Pension Office during the past year;
and to the fact that the Commissioner of Pensions
had, within a fesv days, submitted to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means ar estimate showing that
about half a million of dollars would be required
to meet the deficiencies of the year. He had felt
considerable astonishment at the extent of this
deficiency, and had put an inquiry to the Com-
missioner as to the cause. The answer of the
Commissioner was, that the extraordinary dis-
! bursements of the office weie rendered necessary
! by the laws which had been passed relative to
| the Mexican war.
| If the resolution, as he understood it, should
I pass in its present form, its tendency appeared to
him to be, to bung under the operation of the
pension laws, the widow of any soldier who may
have died, whether in service or not. He thought
! it would be better to refer the lesolution to the
1 Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Vciy great drains had been made on the
Treasury by the operation of laws, which, at then-
passage, were but imperfectly understood.
Mr. McLKAN, of Kentucky, spoke in opposi-
tion to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
to refer the resolution to the Committee of the
Whole. A motion had been previously made to
recommit it to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
If the resolution was sent to the Committee of
the Whole, there would he an end of it. Such a
course could only lead to the postponement and
the ultimate defeat of the measure. He should,
| therefore, oppose the suggestion.
! The act which is now in force relative to the
j widows and orphans of. soldiers who have died in
j the Mexican wai, provides that a pension shall
be given lo ihe widows and orphans of those who
died of wounds contracted in the service. A res-
olution^vas afterwaid passed, in consequence of
the difficulty of producing the testimony, under
the construction of the Commissioner of Pensions,
requiting theCommissioner to regard the testimony
of the officer under whom the soldier had served,
as sufficient to authorize the granting of the pension.
This explanatory resolution, however, had not had
the effect of removing the difficulty.
He referred to the third application he had him-
self recently made for a pension for the widow of
a soldier who had died at Perote. The application
was refused; and when he asked for the ground
of the refusal, he was answered that the evidence
of the fact, that the soldier died of disease in the
time of service, was insufficient. He then pointed
the Commissioner to the law, which had relaxed
! the rigorous character of the testimony which was
| necessary. But the application was rejected. Yet,
I with such facts as these before us, we are asked to
refer this explanatory resolution, which is neces-
j sary for the ends of justice, to the Committee of
| the Whole, where the resolution will die, arid
these mentoiious claims be defeated.
I He hoped that the resolution would be recom-
[ mitted to theCommittee on Naval Affairs, and that
it would soon be reported back in a shape which
' would carry it through. He did not wish this
| subject postponed and lost sight of. He desned
to see justice done to the widows and orphans
| of those who had rendered valuable services to
the country. He was not disposed to sit here, and
see the public money extravagantly Appropriated
for the remuneration of persons m office, while the
! widow and the oiphan of the Mexican soldier,
, were coming here and vainly asserting their claims.
1 He did not care to what extent these claims come
in, so that tiiey were just. If they ran up to five
or ten millions, he was willing to vote ihe money,
and do justice. * The gentleman from Ohio had re-
marked, that the pension might be given to the wi-
dows and orphans of those who had died of disease
contracted before the war. He did not so under-
stand the resolution. No man was received into
the army until he had been examined and reported
by the surgeon as in good health. If a man en-
tered the service in good health, and subsequently
died in consequence of disease contracted, or
wounds received, while in service, there ought to
be no doubt that the widow or orphans of such
soldier should be entitled to a pension.
He trusted that this resolution would not be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole. Such, a
reference would be merely a postponement of an
act of justice, and a violation of those principles
by which all legislation should be governed.
Mr. BROOKS rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, and to the order of the day.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of ihe Speaker what
was the fiist business m order on the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER said the business first in order,
would he the motion of the gentleman from New-
York, [Mr. Brooks,] to refer the President's mes-
sage, received yesterday, a portion to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and a portion to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. ASHMUN said the subject was an import-
ant one; and hoped the House would proceed to
its consideration.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY said he hoped that the House
would not proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, until the committees
had been called through, &c. There were a num-
ber of appiopnation bills which he was anxious to
report.
The SPEAKER said remarks were out of order.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bkooks, and, by ayes 63, noes 69, it was re-
jected.
So the House refused to proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
PENSIONS.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
reported by Mr. Freedley.
Mr. GORMAN admitted that the resolution
might be subject to the objection of the gentleman
from Ohio. But he wasof opinion, notwithstand-
ing, that the resolution ought to be passed. If a
soldier die of any disease which was contracted
while in service, it is unquestionably the duty of
the Government to provide for the widow and the
orphan. It is necessary that we shall have an
army to carry on the necessary operations in time
of war. Should any soldier of that army contract
a disease, in the line of his duty, and die from
the effects of that disease, it is the duty of the
Government to make provision for hts widow or
; orphan. The gentleman from Ohio seemed to have
j some doubts on this point. lie would repeat, how-
j ever, that if the soldier contract a disease in the
I service, and die in consequence of that disease, his
I widow or orphan would be entitled to a pension.
| Mr. VINTON disclaimed any determination to
■ vote against this resolution. He was desirous to
, have it referred to the Committee of the Whole on
j the State of the Union, with a view to a better un-
| derstanding from a closer examination of the sub-
! jec.t.
j Mr. GORMAN expressed his gratification at
i this explanation. He was satisfieu with it. The
•i Commissions of Pensions had decided that it was
ij necessary that proof should be adduccd to show
|| that the soldier had died of disease contracted, or
'■! wounds which had been received, while in the line
,i of duty. This was proper enough. But the
Cnmmissior.fr of Pensions had decided that the
! case of a soldier repoited by the medical staff, who
j; had died of the delirium tremens, died of a disease
ij which was not contracted in the line of duty, and
|l that his widow was not entitled to a pension,
ij There was also the case of a soldier, who,
ji while quietly walking through tne stieets of
j Puebla, perhaps jy citizen's clothes, was assassin-
ij ated; and when the widow applied fur a pension,
!i it was refused on the ground that the injury was
