1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBE.
467
not received by the deceased while in the line of
his duty.
Thus it appears to have been decided by the
Commissioner, that a soldier, who died in conse-
quence of intoxication, dies of a disease not con-
tracted in the line of his duty. Now, this ap-
peared to him to be improper, calling to mind that
intoxication is one of those habits which not un-
frequently are connected with the life of a soldier;
and he was of opinion that in a case where death
ensued from intoxication, the widow or orphan
ought to be entitled to a pension
But there was still another disease to which sol-
diers \were liable. The surgeon makes his report of
the case, and the Commissioner of Pensions, with
that peculiar vigilance for the. public interest for
which he is celebrated, decides that the widow or
oiphan of the man who has died with this com-
plaint, is not entitled to a pension, because he died
of a disease not contracted in the line of duty.
There was yet another case, in which an old
wound which had been received by an individual
accidentally, and while living at home, had es-
caped the notice of the surgeon when the man was
enlisted. Owing to the subsequent fatigues and
dangers to which he was subjected, the man's
wound become worse, and continued to grow
worse, until he become disabled, and finally died.
In this case, also, the Commissioner had decided
that the disease was not contracted in the line of
duty, and it was declared that the widow or orphan
of the defunct was not entitled to a pension.
He though t the resolution ought to be so amend-
ed as to meet the views of the gentleman from
Tennessee. He thought that when a soldier re-
turned to his home debilitated, emaciated under
the influence of that cruel disease, common to the
climate of Mexico, the diarrhoea; and after lin-
gering in agony and helplessness until death had
released him from his agony, his widow or orphan
ought not to be precluded from the benefit of the
pension law, on the ground that the disease of.
which he died, was not a disease contracted in the
line of his duty.
Mr. HAYiMOND made some explanations
which were not audible to the reporter.
Mr. GORMAN said he was glad to know that
the Commissioner of Pensions had at length come
to a proper decision. He hoped that, as the Com-
missioner had changed his decision in the case
last mentioned, he had come to this change incon-
sequence of a revolution, in his opinion, concern-
ing the character of the testimony, which was ne-
cessary to establish a claim. He understood that
the Commissioner had made it his invariable prac-
tice to demand proof, that the disease of which a
soldier died, was contracted while in the line of
his duty, and that in the absence of such proof,
his decision was uniformly that the disease was
not contracted in the line of duty. The Com-
missioner refused to take the report of the sur-
geon, as testimony, and required the testimony
of an officer.
He hoped the resolution would not be referred
to the Committee of the Whole. That would be
to consign it to the tomb of the Capulets. We
shall have negroes for breakfast, negroes for lunch,
negroes for dinner, negroes for supper, to the det-
riment of all that class of righteous claims, on
which the existence of so many widows and
orphans depend.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Speaker what
the effect of the previous question, if sustained,
would be?
The SPEAKER. The effect of the previous
question, if sustained, will be—first, to bring the
House to a vote on the reference to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. Secondly,
on the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. Thirdly, on
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb;] and then on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, asked Mr. Bayly to
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY said he would be glad to gratify
the gentleman, but there were many bills to be
reported from the committees, and he must there-
fore decline.
TheSPEAKER. The question is notaebatsble.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question was ordered. The motion
to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, was rejected, by yeas 67, noes
79. And the bill was then recommitted to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, it was
Chicred, That the petition and paDere of William Hardin
be withdrawn from tlio hies of the Hou e, and leteired to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. SAWTELLE, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Alice Markland, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
following cases, which were severally ordered to
lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of Fanny Moody, the widow of
Edward Moody, deceased, and of Mary Eldridge,
the widow of Weber Eldridge; and
The petition of the children of Lemuel Cleft.
Mr. WALDO also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Mary Pike,
the widow of Ezra Pike, which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and made the ordei of the day for to-mor-
row, and, with the report accompanying, ordered
to be printed.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. WALDO also, from the same committee—to
which was refetred the petition of Thomas Mc-
Q.uajde and forty-six others; D. K. Morehead and
thirty-one others; William McGLuaide and eighty-
six others; John Hill and thirty-one others: Sam-
uel Cooper and sixty-nine others; John Shukler
and eighty-three others; Thompson Adams and
one hundred and twenty-eight others—reported a
bill granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who served m the last war with Grpat
Britain, which was read twice by its title; when
Mr. W. moved that it he referred to the Com- ■
mittee of the Whole on the state of tiie Union, 1
and, with the report, he printed j
Mr. BOWLIN said that there were some thirty j
or forty petitions on the subject of bounty land i
before the Committee on Public Lands; and also :
a bill making provision for such bounty, which j
were now under discussion. He moved, there- .
fore, that the bill be referred to the Committee on ,
Public Lands.
The motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union being first in
order, the question was put and carried in the
affirmative.
Mr. KING called for the orders of the day.
In reply to a question by Mr. King—
TheSPEAKER said, the Chair will state, in
regard to the expiration of the morning hour, that,
under the former practice of the House, when the
morning hour had expired, the fact was announced,
and the House immediately proceeded to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table.
That practice has been modified very properly
during the last Congress, so as to conform to the
rules of the House. That after the expiration of :
the morning hour, it shall be in order to move to
" proceed to dispose of the consideration of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table and to the orders of
the day." Such is the language of the rule. That
motion is at all times in order after the morning
hour has expired, and it is for the House to de-
cide, when the motion is made, whether it will
continue in the business appropriated to the morn-
ing hour, or whether it will proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of
the day.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order now to move to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
TheSPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STANLY. I make the motion.
The motion, by ayes 69, noes 53, was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the Chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special message of the Piesident in
relation to California, and the bill by Mr. Doty,
providing for her admission into the Union.
Mr. FEATHERSTGN was entitled to the floor,
and addressed the committee during the hour, (in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.)
Mr. F. having concluded, the Chairman gave
the floor to—
Mr. STANLY, who addressed the committee
during the hour on the slave question, replying to
some gentlemen who had preceded him, speaking
in favor of the admission of California, and urging
the imperative duty and necessity of the preserva-
tion of the Union. [His speech will be found in
the Appendix.]
In the course of his remarks, Mr. S. yielded for
explanation or inquiry, to several gentlemen. A
more formal interruption, however, took place in
one portion of the speech, which suspended its de-
livery for some twelve or fourteen minutes, and
which had its origin and end in the following
manner:
Mr. STANLY adverting incidentally to the
course of Mr. Hilliaud, said, He hoped, in the
course of his remarks, to say a word to his friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] who preached
resistance.
Mr. HILLIARD (in his seat) remarked, he
hoped to answer the gentleman.
Air. STANLY. I hope the gentleman will not
again pervert and desecrate the Scriptures, by
quoting them for the purpose of urging civil war,
and encouraging the citizens of the United States
to shed each other's blood.
Mr. HILLIARD. Have I ever done so ?
Mr. STANLY. I say that was the effect of
the gentleman's remarks. What does the gentle-
man say now?
Mr. HILLIARD) (continuing.) If the gentle-
man said that I ever desecrated the Scriptures by
quotations from them, urging the citizens of the
South to shed each other's blood, it is false.
Mr. STANLY. There, is a fair specimen of
disunion preaching. A man professing to conse-
crate his life to the service of Almighty God 
The uproar in the Hall become very great, and
the Chairman interposed to order.
Mr. HILLIARD stilHretained the floor, address-
ing himself to Mr. Stanly,
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman shall not speak.
He has disgraced himself by speaking before.
Mr. S. was about to proceed with his argument,
showing how many Presidents the South had had
since the formation of the Government, when 
Mr. HILLIARD interposed, and said, I call the
ofentlem.m to order. He shall not misrepresent
me.
Mr. STANLY. State your point of order.
Mr. HILLIARD. The gentleman must take
his seat. I will then state my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN requested Mr. Stani*y to
take his seat, while the gentleman from Alabama
stated his point of order.
Mr. STANLY. Most assuredly, under the
direction of the Chair, but not by the dictation of
the gentleman from Alabama. But I should like to
stand up by him, very well.
Mr. HILLIARD. Will the gentleman allow
me the courtesy to say a word ?
Mr. STANLY. No, sir; not a word of cour-
tesy cifter such a rude interruption. State your
point of order.
Mr. HILLIARD. I will state my point of or-
der.
Mr. STANLY. That is all I yield for.
Mr. HILLIARD. I say the gentleman must
not undertake to state what I said upon this floor.
Mr. STANLY, (interposing.) I call the gen-
tleman to order. Is that your point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine himself to stating the point of order.
Mr. HILLIARD. i will state the point of or-
der as rapidly as I can. I say that no gentleman
upon this floor has the right in my presence to
1 state what he says I uttered, while ! rise to give a
correct version of it, and he refuses to yield me
; the floor for the purpose.
Mr. STANLY. Is that all your pointof order?
There is as little r- gard to sense in it as there
was regard to the Scriptures in your argument.
Mr. HILLIARD. I say the gentleman must
not misi©present me. I insist upon it. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. STANLY. I do not intend to be put
down. The gentleman's rudeness is disgraceful
t0 -r , r-r
Mr. HILLIARD. I will leave the House to
decide that question. I insist on the point of
order. _
The CHAIRMAN. 1 he gentleman from Ala-
bama will state his point of order.
Mr. STANLY Let us hear it.
