1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
trade, he gave some statistical facts. He also ad-
verted to the letter of the British Minister to Mr.
Clayton, stating that any increase in the tariff would
produce a very ^disagreeable effect upon public
opinion in Great Britain, which, without intending
any reflection on Sir H. L. Bulwer, whom he com-
plimented on his talents,-and who, he presumed,
only acted in obediencc to instructions, he desig-
nated as an unwarrantable interference. This re-
monstrance he regarded as proof that the tariff of
1846 was more beneficial to British interests than
to our own. [The speeeh will be published in the
Appendix.]
Jn (he course of his remarks—
Mr. RICHARDSON called Mr. Casey to order,
on the ground that "it was not in order to refer to
proceedings in the Senate; and
The point of order was sustained.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the question un-
der the rule.
And Mr. CASEY was permitted to proceed in
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor. He said
it had been his intention not to intrude upon the
time or attention of the House or the committee
agam at this session, but some late developments
had induced htm to call attention to one or two
points which he deemed important. 41 shall (con-
tinued Mr. G ) speak of the bill now on your
table fixing the boundaries of Texas, and of the
late message of the President on that subject.
After eight months' discussion, the Senate have
defeated the omnibus bill, to the great joy of the
people of the North generally, and to the satisfac-
tion of a poition of the South. And while the
press is rejoicing over this triumph of right over
injustice, another bill, more exceptionable in at
least some of its important principles, has been
passed by that body, and is now on your table.
Senators who voted to strike from the omnibus
bill the provisions contained in the one before us,
turned around suddenly and voted forthe vei y iden-
tical principles which they then denounced. It is
now before us, arid 1 am told it its to pass this body
by tr/rig votes. On this point I hope I may find
the rumor unfounded, and that \ am mistaken. 1
am unalterably opposed to this bill, for the reason
that it surrenders at least forty thousand square
miles of territory belonging to New Mexico, and
lying within herancient boundaries. A tractofcoun-
try as extensive as the State which I in part have
the honor to represent, is taken from New Mexico
and delivered over to Texas. This remark brings
me to a short examination of the boundaries be-
tween New Mexico and Texas. On this point
there are historical facts which appear to have es-
caped the notice of gentlemen during the discus-
sion of this session.
Formerly Coahuila and Texas were connected
for legislative purposes. While thus connected,
they appointed commissioners to settle the bound-
ary between them. General Almonte, the former
Minister from Mexico to this Government, I thmk,
was one of the commissioners. I cannot give
dates, although I once made a pretty thorough in-
vestigation of- this subject. The line agreed upon
by the commissioners commenced at the mouth of
the Aransas, and not at the mouth of the Nueces,
as is generally stated. The Aransas lies some
thiity miles north of the Nueces. The line agreed
upon followed up that stream to its source; thence
in a direct line to the confluence of the San Anto-
nio and the Colorado; thence up the San Antonio
to its source; thence west to the hoe of New Mex-
ico. This line lies on the one hundredth degree of
west longitude from Greenwich. Now, whatever
Texas possesses west of this line, she must hold
by purchase or by conquest. So far, therefore, as
her legitimate conquests extend, she has a perfect
title.
It is admitted on all hands, that the people in
the valley of the Nueces united with those of
Texas in the revolution. They were located in
what is called the county of San Patricio, and
properly belong to Texas. Beyond this, however,
Texas had never exercised any acts of jurisdic-
tion. She never served a process, or held an in-
dividual accountable to Texan laws, until General
Taylor marched his army to Point Isabel.
Mr. HOWARD (Mr. Giddings yielding the
floor) said that Texas had made surveys within
twenty miles of Point Isabel before General Tay-
lor marched from " Corpus Christi," and that a
judge of Texas had charged the grand jury that
Texas extended to the Rio Grande and held juris-
diction to that river.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired if any Texan officer
had ever made an arrest or served process within
fifty miles of Point Isabel?
Mr. HOWARD admitted they had not.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. The mere assertion
of a right by the Legislature of Texas, or by one
of her judges, could not be regarded as any evidence
of title. There must be some act, some overt
movement, to constitute a claim. Now, up to the
day that General Taylor reached Point Isabel,
we—the citizens of the United States—had paid
duties to the Mexican ensfom-house at that place;
and the exercise of Mexican laws had never been
suspended or interrupted there until General Tay-
lor's arrival. Now, sir, south of New Mexico
lay Coahuila, and south of Coahuila was the
S?a'e of Tamaulipas, which extended to the Gulf
of Mexico.
Mr. HOWARD, (interposing.) Chihuahua
lies south of New Mexico.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Some maps lay it down as
extending on this side of the river—others do not;
but it is a matter of entire indifference so far as
relates to my present argument. Point Isabel and
Brownsville, opposite Matamoros, were taken by
General Taylor, and Texas was suffered to ex-
tend her laws over those places; and in that way,
perhaps, she may lay some color of claim to the
whole of that portion of Tamaulipas lying east of
the Rio Grande. I would, therefore, interpose
no objection to her holding this country, which
is as large as one of the medium size States of
this Union.
But when Texas attempts to go further up the
Rio Grande, she becomes a trespasser; she has
never held possession nor the color of title fur-
ther north.
Mr. HOWARD interposed, and said that Texas
had several times obtained possession of Laredo,
which is in Coahuila, although she did not con-
tinue that possession at the time General Taylor
marched to the Rio Grande.
Mr GIDDINGS. If sh-e gave up her posses-
sion ?he gave up her whole title, for she had no
other than possession. But this is entirely foreign
and immaterial to my argument. Mv position is,
that of maintaining the territory of New Mexico
entire without encroachment. This we are bound
to do, as I think, under our treaty with Mexico,
and to admit her as a State at the earliest conve-
nient period.
To what portion of New Mexico did Texas hold
title by possession, or by conquest, or by pur-
chase? She sent an armytheie.it is tiue, but
every man was killed or captured—not one was
left to tell ihe news.
Now, sir, how stands the whole ease ? The in-
tegrity of New Mexico ud to this day, to this nio-
ment, has been maintained. Her people are
Mexican. They loathe and abhor Texans, and
regard them as deadly enemies. We stand bound
to protect them. Sir, i would do it; I would ful-
fill our treaty stipulations, if there be sufficient
power in our navy, our army, and militia to effect
it. This boundary of New Mexico on the east is
clear and indisputable: yet the bill on your table
proposes to give up toTexas all that portion which
lies south of 36° 30' north latitude and east of the,
103d degree west longitude. To this tract of coun-
try, large enough for a first class State, Texas has
no title whatever, nor the shadow of title. The
south line which crosscs the Rio Grande at " El
Paso" is equally clear. These ancient boundaries
are too clear to admit of doubt. The whole was
conquered by the arms, and purchased by the
treasure of the nation.
Mr. Polk, in his annual message of December,
1846, stated to Congress and to the country that
"New Mexico, with its capital, Santa Fe, had
been captured by our arms."
Sir, he did not say that a portion of Texas had
been conquered. Did he regard Santa Feas a part
of Texas ? No such thought had entered the mind
of the President. Did he then declare Texas laws
in force there? No, sir. He established a mili-
tary government; a code of laws was formed and
promulgated and enforced. The whole system
was unknown to Texas; it was the code of New
Mexico; under it claims were litigated, criminals
were tried, convicted and executed. To this day
that code has been maintained throughout the
whole of New Mexico. The bill before us pro-
poses to cut down their ancient boundaries, to de-
liver up to Texas a large portion of the territory
which has cost the nation so much blood and treas-
ure. And this is to be done by northern Whigs,'
as I am told. I hope it is not the case; I trust I
may have been misled; I most ardently hope I
have been wrongly informed. But it is certain,
that up to this time no Whig north of Mason and
Dixon's line ever admitted that Texas possessed
the shadow of a title to any portion of the terri-
tory now proposed to be taken from New Mexico
and given to Texas; indeed, I do not now- under-
stand that any northern Whig, in either branch of
Congress, has alleged any title whatever in Texas.
No, sir; I do not think such a northern Whig can
be found in Congress or out of it The only ar-
gument that I have heard is, thatTexas claimed it,
and that we, as her agent, proceeded to conquer
and purchase it of Mexico, and that we now hold
it as trustee for Texas; arid they cite certain prin-
ciples of law in favor of this position. No one
pretends that theie was any such thing in fact, or
that there is reason or justice in this legal fiction,
by which it is sought to bind the Congress of the
United Sfates. Such doctrine might, perhaps, be
successfully urged before a justice's court, or the
common pleas of some State; but when gentle-
men here quote " Blarkstone's Commentaries"
and " Espinasse's Nisi Prius," to control states-
men in the discharge of their duties, the argument
should be met and exposed. We sit here to make
law-—we are governed only by the principles of
justice and the Constitution. We were sent here
to deal out equity to all under our jurisdiction—■
let us do it faithfully and fearlessly. I would
make no compromise; I would not deliver up a ^
part of New Mexico for the privilege of retaining
the remainder of it. No, sir; if this Territory be-
longs to Texas, let her have it; if it belongs to
New Mexico, it is ours, and we shall prove rec-
reant to our trust if we surrender a foot of it. As
I have stated, 1 am told that Whigs—northern
Whigs, are to vote for this surrender. Let them
do it. Let their names go to the country; let the
freemen of the North see who has betrayed the
honor, the interests of the nation and of humanity.
Mr. Chairman, you, sir, represent a portion of
one section of this Union; I another. What be-
longs to you I am willing you should have; what
belongs to the North shall never be surrendered
by my vote. I believe you, sir, agiee with me on
this point. I hope we may act together. I will
not ask you to surrender what belongs to you, and
I trust you will never demand what belongs to the
North. I abhor this idea of surrendering a por-
tion of our rights in order to purchase a negotia-
tion of other interests. I will never consent to
this mode of compromising our constitutional ob-
ligations.
But, sir, the worst feature of this bill is that
which taxes the people of the free States for the
purchase of this territory which belongs to us.
Sir, it proposes to take mostly from the pockets of
our northern people, ten millions of dollars, and
hand it over to the slaveholders of Texas; and for
what? Not for territory belonging to her, or to
which she has the shadow of claim. No such
thing is urged. Why, sir, it is to save the Union♦
To buy a union with Texas—to induce her to re-
main with us, not to sever the tender and interest-
ing relations that exist between us. Thev, sir,
were brought into the Union in order to uphold
and perpetuate her slavery; and now she demands
of our northern freemen ten millions of dollars for
the privilege of upholding the vilest system of op-
pression that ever disgraced civilized man.
Mr. HOWARD said that Texas did not ask
annexation to the United States, nor did she ask
compensation, nor was he certain she would take it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It cannot have escaped the
recollection of any of us that in 1837, Texas sent
her agent here to solicit annexation to the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. But she withdrew it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And waited until she could
induce Mr. Murphy, our charge d'affaires, to rec-
ommend its annexation to our territory as a State;
and as for taking the money, has she not during
the whole session, by her authorized agents, Jike
the horseleech, cried Give, give, give? and did not
her Senators vote for this ten millions of tribute
from northern pockets? Had they voted the other
way the bill would have been defeated.
Why, sir, how came Texas here ? The gentle-
