1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
man there holds his seat by sufferance. He has
ho mare constitutional right on this floor than the
subject of the Grand Sultan, or the Emperor of
Russia. If the argument of the present Secre-
tary of State be correct, and I think it is, the treaty-
making power refused to admit her by the only
constitutional mode known to us. She then
climbed up another way, and we now permit her
representatives to hold seats with us.
Mr. HOWARD inquired how Mr. Giddings
■voted on the proposition to exclude slavery from
a part of Texas? and how he could vote at all if
Texas were unconstitutionally a member of this
Confederacy ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no recollection how
I voted, but have no doubt I voted for freedom, in
order to make the resolutions as perfect as I could;
and then, they being unconstitutional, I voted
against them. But, sir, this is the position of
Texas: she holds no constitutional position with
us yet; she attempts to lay the whole nation under
contribution; to subsidize the free States to her
aggrandizement. Why, sir, if she would take ten
or fifteen millions and leave us, cease to trouble
us, I, for one, would be willing to pay it. But I
will never pay one dime to retain her in the
Union to involve us in future wars, to vex and
harass us.
Mr. HOWARD. Why does the gentleman
desire to send an army to Texas if we do not be-
long to the Union ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I never thought of invading
Texas. I never dreamed of such a thing. I am
a peace man. I abhor offensive wars, and if
Texas sees fit to go out of the Union she shall
never be called to an account for it by force of
arms if I can prevent it. As I said the other day,
I am a peace man, but not as my friend from
Maryland [General Kerr] erroneously supposed,
a " non-resistant." I hold to the right and the
duty of self-defence, and I would defend New
Mexico. I would welcome every Texan who
comes there with arms, to "hospitable graves,"
but I would oppose the march of an army into
Texas or any other southern State, to compel them
to remain in Union with us. Yes, sir, 1 do not
believe in a government of bayonets and gun-
powder at this age of the world. The States must
govern themselves; and when they see fit to leave
the Union, I would say to them, Go in peace, and
God's blessing rest upon you. I would neither
shoot them nor cut their throats for thinking they
can do better out of the Union than in it. But,
sir, when once out of the Union, I would never
permit them to return to it until they become so
far christianized and civilized as to banish from
among them the institution of slavery. I am
aware that these views do not comport with the
doctrines held by most of our statesmen. They
are nevertheless sentiments which I entertain. 1 do
not believe that men are to be held in this Union
by the fear of the sword. No, sir, our Union
must be preserved by making it the dispenser of
justice, the instrument for maintaining the rights
of man, for upholding the rights of each and all
the several States.
But. sir, the payment of this ten millions con-
stituted one of the most objectionable features of
the omnibus bill. It is to raise Texan stocks from
fifteen cents on the dollar to par value, to make
splendid fortunes in little time. To take money
from the pockets of the people and put it into the
hands of stock-jobbers, and gamblers in Texas
scrip. 1 know not how many members of this
body are owners of this scrip. It would not be
m order for me to suppose thatany member would
be opeiated upon by such paltry considerations
as those of making a few thousand dollars. But,
sir, if this bill passes, it must be by some unseen
power cooperating with Executive influence: and
it is certain as any given point that the holders of
this scrip, and stock-jobbers, are to gain at least
nine out of the ten millions of this money which
is to be filched from the people.
But, sir, certain Senators in the other end of the
Capitol have been endeavoring to convince the
people of the propriety of passing the omnibus,
as it is called. There was no reaso*n,no argument
to be found in favor of it. There was only one
consideration which could in any degree reconcile
the people to it. That argument could only be
addressed to their fears. The cry was raised that
" the Union is in danger!" It was echoed by the
papers here. The cry was brought up and repeated
by every timid, faltering paltroon of the northern
press. Petitions to save the Union from Texas
rapacity were circulated. Public meetings held in
our commercial cities where Texas scrip was most
plenty, and resolutions adopted in favor of the
Union. Fourth of July orations were delivered,
and theological pamphlets written, and morning
prayers were put up in this Hall to save the Union.
Not that we may deal out justice and mercy, those
attributes of Deity, to our fellow man; not that we
should walk humbly, and legislate in righteousness.
No, sir, these are regarded as trifling matters,
when compared with the pending danger that Texas
will dissolve the Union.
Sir, I am sickened, nauseated, with this insipid
cowardice, this moral and political effeminacy.
Sir, it is unworthy of American statesmen. Our
constituents never sent us here to surrender their
rights, to make them tributary to Texas, nor to
any other State. It was no part of their object
in electing us, to have U3 turn round and thrust
our hands into their pockets, and taking out ten
millions of dollars, to hand it over to the slave-
dealers and slaveholders of Texas. Let gentlemen
say what they will, the people have no fears of the
dissolution of the Union. And, sir, let me say
that they would not, they do not desire to maintain
a Union that is liable to be dissolved by the mis-
erable gasconade of Texas or any other State.
They, sir, know their power. They understand
their rights, and you cannot deceive them by this
cry that Texas will dissolve the Union.
But it is said that we must stop this agitation.
Sir, what do gentlemen understand by agitation?
Do they suppose that we can stop the investiga-
tions of tru'h by northern freemen? Does any
man intend to say that we, by statute law, can si-
lence the voice of humanity, or seal the lips of
reformers, or stop the progress of truth' Sir,
can we set bounds to human progress? The great
founder of our religion, when heappeared on earth
and proclaimed the heaven-born truths of his Gos-
pel, was denounced as an agitator; was arrested,
tried, condemned, and executed for asserting the
sublime doctrines which Scribes and Pharisees
were too stupid to comprehend. It was done to
stop agitation; but, sir, truth, emanating from its
Divine Author, has extended and spread and
progressed, and will continue to go on " conquer-
ing and to conquer," in spite of all the political
Scribes and Pharisees of this Congress, and in
spite of all the doughfaces of the nation.
Why do not gentlemen turn their attention to
the progress now making in the arts and sciences ?
Why not follow the example of those who at-
tempted to stop the agitation of Gallileo when he
made discovery of the great law which controls
our solar system, retaining the planets in their
orbits while sailing through immensity of space
with such inconceivable velocity ' He, sir, was
regarded ns an agitator, and excommunicated for
his infidelity in thus daring to state truths too great
for the comprehension of the stupid clergy of that
day. I believe it required the conservative clergy
of that day two hundred and fifty years to com-
prehend the laws of nature which Gallileo pro-
claimed. How long it will require our political
doctors to comprehend the very obvious fact that an
intelligent and educated people will think and
speak for themselves 7 Why don't you imprison
Morse, tear down the telegraphic wires, break up
and scatter the galvanic batteries, and prohibit by
statute the use of this magnetic railroad of thought?
Why not erase from our history the name of
Pulton, lay up your steamboats in ordinary, place
fetters upon your locomotives, and plough up
your railroads, and then pass an act of Congress
to prevent all agitation upon these subjects of im-
provement and progress in science and invention ?
Why not go down to yonder institute and drive
' Page from his laboratory, unchain the imprisoned
j lightning there pent up, and prohibit further agita-
j tion in regard to his galvanic engines? Let us
I adopt the example of the Chinese, and by con-
' servative legislation prohibit all progress and all
I improvements? For if you permit mankind to
puisue knowledge and ascertain truth in one de-
partment, others will be occupied, and men will
advance in moral and political intelligence.
But, sir,do gentlemen here really feel competent to
instruct the people on the subject of Texan bound-
ary ? Let them go to the dairymen, the farmers,
and mechanics of my district, and nine out of every
ten will tell them all about this subject. Yes, sir,
nine out of every ten can judge as accurately upon
the propriety of admitting California, of maintain-
ing the ancient boundaries of New Mexico, of ad-
mitting New Mexico as a State when she presents
her constitution, and of the gross insult it would
be to make them pay Texas ten millions of dollars
for territory to which she has no claim, as some
gentlemen in this House, or in the other end of
the Capitol.
Sir, if you wish to create agitation among them,
pass that bill! Take from their hard earnings this
ten millions of money and pay it over to Texas;
and sir, I will promise you agitation, increased
agitation. Let northern men vote thus to render
their constituents tributary to Texas, and such
representatives will find agitation at home; agita-
tion that, like Banquo's ghost, will not "down at
their bidding."
Sir, for seven months we have discussed this sub-
ject of admitting California. Month after month
have her Senators and Representatives been wait-
ing here, and respectfully asking admission, to
which they have a clear and indisputable right.
No valid, or even reasonable objection exists
against her admission. The only argument put
forth is, that it shall not be done until the Texas
boundary shall be settled, and civil government
establishedwUtah and New Mexico without the
proviso excluding slavery. In the other end of
the Capitol, California has been laid aside, and
other bills for establishing a government in Utah
and defining the boundaries of Texas have been
taken up and passed, while California is permitted
to sleep upon the table of the Senate. Why is
this ? The answer is understood by all: the slave
power bids it, and northern men surrender, and
obey its behest.
But, sir, it is said that the President is anxious
for the settlement of all these questions. Indeed,
that is manifested in his late message, to which I
will now ask attention for a few minutes. So far
as the message treats of our rights to the Territory
of New Mexico, and the duties of the Executive
to maintain those rights until Congress shall dis-
pose of the subject, its doctrine is sound, and the
argument conclusive. To this extent, I think, the
North, of all parties, and, indeed, most of the
South will sustain and uphold the principles of the
message; and will, to the extent of their influence
and power, assist him in carrying out the views
he has so well and ably expressed.
I take this opportunity to say, that neither my-
self, nor the political friends with whom I act,
make war on any party or any man. We are
contending for what we deem great and paramount
principles; and so far as the President and his
party shall maintain our doctrines, we will main-
tain him; and when he departs from them, and
adopts sentiments which we deem essentially op-
posed to justice and to the rights of the people, we
shall freely state our objections. I therefore re-
peat, that the message, to this extent, is satisfac-
tory and right. But when the President goes on
to intimate the dangers arising to our Union from
the blustering of Texas, and intimates the propri-
ety of our paying Texas for any portion of the
territory of New Mexico, on account of her at-
tempts to intimidate us, I feel constrained to say
that I think his position unworthy of his high
station. The whole of this portion of the message
is undignified, and bespeaks a timidity unworthy
the Chief Magistrate of this nation. No man can
mistake this character of the message. The Pres-
ident's anxiety to have this matter settled, to re-
lieve him from responsibility—to get it laid aside,
without much reference to the principles on which
it is to be compromised, is too apparent to be mis-
understood.
Sir, the message begins with General Taylor's
policy, and ends with that of the Secretary of
State. It begins in boldness, and ends in political
pusillanimity. It commences by maintaining our
national rights, and closes by advising us to sur-
render them up. It begins by informing Texas
that she must submit to constitutional authority,
and ends by proffering to pay her richly if she
will but obey the Constitution.
The message was evidently intended to facilitate
the passage of these bills to which I have referred.
Indeed the President's organ, the oldest Whig
paper perhaps in the Union, conducted with great
dignity ana general propriety, comes out this morn-
ing, giving a programme of the future action of
this body. It not only anticipates the passage of
