468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. HILLIARD. T*his is the point of order:
"When a statement is made in debate by a mera-
* ber referring to the opinions of another member,
that member being present, it is the right of the
gentleman, if his opinions are misstated, to rise
and correct them.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, that is not a point of order.
Mr. HILLfARD. Then I suppose that the
gentleman, if he thinks proper, will misstate my
remarks.
Mr. STANLY. Of course*, such a charge
might be expected from the gentleman. There is
no more indecency in it than in a clergyman quo-
ting Scripture to justify resistance and civil war.
Mr. HILLIARD. I call the gentleman to or-
der again.
Mr. STANLY. No doubt 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HILLIARD. My point of order is. that
the gentleman has no right to make personal re-
marks. No gentleman will make personal re-
marks.
The CHAIRMAN interposed to order.
Mr. STANLY. Who is entitled to the floor?
Mr. HILLIARD. [ call the gentleman to or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN, (replying to Mr. Stanly.)
The gentleman from Alabama has the floor on a
point of order.
Mr. HILLIARD. The gentleman is indulging
in personal remarks, which are always out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is very true that per-
sonal remarks are not in order. The Chair did
not hear the remarks to which the gentleman
refers.
Mr. HILLIARD) (continuing.) And I insist
that the gentleman cannot proceed without per-
mission of the House.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman said that some-
thing I stated was false.
Mr. HILLIARD. No, sir; I said, hypotheti-
cally, that if the gentleman charged me 
Mr. STANLY. Ah ! that is disunion preach-
ing. I undeistand the gentleman.
The CH AIR.VI AN, (interposing.) The gentle-
man from Alabama will be good enough to send
his point of order, in writing, to the Chair, as the
Chair did not hear the remarks.
Mr. HILLIARD. Will the Clerk be good
enough to take my point of order? I say that
the gentleman made personal remarks touching
myself.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Alabama stnfe what those remarks were?
Mr. HILLIARD. The gentleman stated, in
the hearing of the committee—what is perfectly
well known as a breach of decorum—that I had
desecrated the Scriptures, to encourage the citi-
zens of the United States to shed each other's
blood. I call the gentleman to order upon that
point.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] admit that such
was his lrtiiguaj;e ?
Mr. STANLY. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Hilliard.) Will
the gentleman reduoe his point of order to writing?
The Chair asks it for his own protection.
The point of order was therefore reduced to
writing by Mr. Hilliard, as follows:
Mr. Stanly stated that the gentleman from
Alabama desecrated the Scriptures, by using quo-
tations from them to urge the citizens of the United
States to shed each other's blood.
Mr. HILLIARD. I call the gentleman to order
on that ground.
Mr. STANLY. That is not the point of order
which the gentleman stated just now. He then
said something about a clergyman. It was after
the gentleman made interruption that I used the
word clergyman. The gentleman, with charac-
teristic fairness, has changed his point of order.
It is not the same.
Mr. HILLIARD. I insist upon the point of
order. I call upon the gentleman to take his seat
until the point is decided.
Mr. STANLY. Not at your dictation, sir. I
call upon the gentleman to take his seat. I am
arguing the point of order 
The CHAIRMAN calle,d both gentlemen to
order.
The CHAIRMAN, (continuing.) As the Chair
did not hear the remarks, and as gentlemen differ
as to the precise language used, the Chair must
refer it to the decision of the committee. And the
Chair will put the question in this form, ""Shall
the gentleman from' North Carolina be permitted
to proceed in order r"
Mr. McCLERNAND. Of course the decision
will depend upon the judgment of the committee,
as to the language that was used. I understood
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
to say, that he hoped the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Hilliard] would not desccrate the Scrip-
tures to favor disunion, and to encourage the peo-
ple of the United States to shed each other's blood.
Having so understood the gentleman, I shall vote
accordingly.
In reply to a remark by Mr. Hilliard,
Mr. McCLERNAND repeated that he had un-
derstood the gentleman from North Carolina to
say, that, he hoped the gentleman from Alabama
would not 
Mr. HILLIARD (interposing.) Again.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not recollect about
the word aqain
Mr. HILLIARD. Certainly 1 understood the
gentleman from North Carolina to use the word
again. (Mr. H. turned to Mr. Stanly, as if in
inquiry; but the remark, if any, was not heard by
the reporter.)
Mr. STA NLY. I shall not say anything more.
Mr. HILLIARD. Then 1 make the point of
order.
Mr. STANLY. Make it;
Mr. HILLIARD. The Chairman will decide it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot, in jus-
tice to himself, decide the point of order, because
he did not hear the lemarksof the gentleman from
North Carolina [IVTh Stanly] complained of, and
upon which gentlemen differ. The Chair must
therefore put the question to the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. Does the Chair understand the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] as
disclaiming the words attributed to him ?
The CHAIRMAN The Chair does so under-
stand.
Mr. STANLY. The first word I used offen-
sive to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hil-
liard,] was in answer to his very rude interrup-
tion. As to the particular order, I know nothing
about it at this moment.
Mr. HILLIARD. lam incapable of offering
an insult to any gentleman, unless provoked to n
by an insulting remark on his part. The gentle-
man is wholly mistaken if he supposes it origin-
ated with me.
Mr. STANLY. I say it did.
Mr. GORMAN gave his understanding of the
conversation that passed between the two gentle-
men.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be,
" Shall the gentleman from North Carolina be per-
mitted to proceed in order?"
Mr. HILLIARD. It is very important that
this matter should be correctly stated. Allow me
to 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said, that
the gentleman could proceed by the indulgence of
the committee.
Objection was made.
Mr. H ILLIAItD. I was going to say that I un-
derstood the gentleman from North Carolina to
charge distinctly that I had desecrated the Scrip-
tures, and that he hoped 1 would not do it again.
1 replied, impulsively of course, that it was false.
I rose and asked the gentleman whether he in-
tended to say that I had ever desecrated the Scrip-
tures for any such purpose. The gentleman said
that he did undeistand that to be the bearing of
my remarks. I replied H was false, that 1 had
made no such remarks; I knew my relations to this
body; I knew my relations to society, I have
scrupulously forebome to offer insults or aggres-
sions anywhere; because it is perfectly well known
that I should not hold myself amenable to the or-
dinary mode of adjustment.
Mr. STANLY. Is all this in otder?
Mr. HILLIARD, (continuing.) And I did not
this morning intend anything offensive to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina until driven into It.
The CHAIRMAN interposed to oider.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order.
He inquired whether he had undeistood the Chair
to say that he would not decide the question of
order. He submitted that the Chair must, in the
first instance, decide whether there had been a
breach of order or not; and then an appeal might
be taken, or a motion made, that the gentleman
have leave to proceed in order. But in either case
the preliminary point must first be settled by the
Chair, that the gentleman was out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated that he did not hear the remarks complained
of.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then there can be no decis-
ion, and there is nothing to appeal from. Nor is
there any occasion for a motion that the gentleman
have leave to proceed in order. In other words,
Uiere being no decision that the gentleman is out
of order, there can be no necessity for a motion
that he be allowed to proceed in order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will refer
to the rules of the House, he will find authotity
for what i have done.
The question (continued the Chairman) is,
" Shall the gentleman be allowed to proceed m
order?"
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will not vote.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative by an almost unanimous vote.
So leave was given to Mr. Stamly to proceed in
oi der.
Mr. STANLY, (resuming.) Two noes. I do
not think there can be more than one more. I re-
gret very much what has happened in the haste
and heat of debate. I hope, however, that the
time consumed in this interlude will not be taken
out of my brief hour. Will the Chairman be so
good as to inform me how much time it has con-
sumed ?
The CHAIRMAN. Fourteen mir.utes. But
that time will not be deducted from the gentle-
man's hour.
Mr STANLY then resumed and concluded his
remarks.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, next obtained
the floor, but some time elapsed before the com-
mittee could be brought to order.
Mr. STANTON then yielded, for purposes of
explanation, to
Mr. HILLIARD, who, after a few moments*
pause, said that, under the counsel of his friends,
he proposed to defer until to-morrow morning the
few remarks which, under the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,} he (Mr.
H.) desired to submit to the committee.
The committee thereupon rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following memoiials, petitions, &c.,were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees, viz:
By Mr. UNDKRHfLL: The petition of Charles J. Gilbert,
and other citizens of the city and county of New York, in
favor of establishing the rates of postage on prepaid letters
at two cent?: per halt ounce.
By Mr. BIUGGri: The petition of Child, Farr, & Co.,
merchants of St. Louu-, Missouri, praj ing Congress for a
remission of duties on «<>od< destroyed by fir« on board the
steamer Marshall Ney, at New Orltan*.
Abo, the petition of H. Ivisan and 54 others, citizens of
New Votk, a-king Congress to esiabhsh the rates ot postage
on prepaid letters at two cents pei half ounce.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tenner-see: The petition of A.
W. Taylor and divers othcis, citizens ot Carter county,
Tennessee, praying the leduetion ot postage on letters and
newspapers.
By Mr. SCHERMERIIORN: The petition of Mary Ann
Malackowsky, widow of Manntz Von Malackowsky, for a
pension nnd bounty land^.
Also, the petition of 370 manufacturers and mechanics, of
Monroe county, New York, asking for the repeal of the law
ot Confess ot 1845, extending the parent ot a planum ma-
chine to the heirs ot William Woodvvorth.
Bv Mr. CABLE, ot Ohm : A petition from s*. C. Tageart,
and 104 -y one f rom S. B. Keys, and 103: one fioin William
Mali, and 107; one from E. W. Williams, and J(j6,—420—
citizen- of Salem: nnd one from R. Chamberlain, and b7
others, citizens of East Pale-tine, Ohio, for a tn-vve.ekly
mail-route liom Canton, Ohio, to Darlington, PemiMlva-
nia.
By Mr. CXRTTER: A petition from E. N. John«ton and
M. D. Stailcupp, and lOioilnr-., citizens ot Mount Union,
(>lno, (oi a ti i-wcekly mail route trom Canton, Ohio, toJDar-
huuion Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CROWELL The petition of l-\ G. Suvbridge.
and otheis, citizens of Ohio, praying the. reduction of
pof-tagp on ni-w-paper« to one cent, and lo two cents on
prepa.d letters of half an ounce, for all di-tanees, and also
for thr abolition of the franklin: prtvih ge.
Al-o, the petition of John B. Whedati and others, citi-
zens ot Ohio, praying the leduction of pos-iagr on news-
papers to one ernt, and to two cents on prepaid letter* of
half an ounce, for all distances, and also foi the abolition of
the franking privilege.
