1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By Mr. GILMORR : Tiie petition of Thomas Wilson
and 140 others, cilizensof Westmoreland county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying fur relief to surviving officers and soldiers of
the late war with Great Britain.
Al*o, the petition of George Hudson and 40 others, citi-
teeni of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, tor relief to
the surviving officers and soldiers of th« late war with
Gie.u Butun. %
al-o, the petition of Samuel Zimmerman and 45 others,
citizens of We-tmoreland county, Pennsylvania, praying
lor relief for the *urviving officers and soldiers of the late
tvar with Great Hritain.
By Mr. CARTTER: The petition of A. McGregor and
200 others, praying the establishment of a post road from
Canton, Stark county, Ohio, to Darlington, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of Rev. William
Reavin«and 61 others, citizensof Staffordsville, in the town
of Stafford, Connecticut, asking for a uniform rate of
povta i', at two 'cents per half ounce.
Ry Mr. HALLOWAY: The memorial of citizens
o? Dappenget^s Palis, asking for the ^istnbulion of the
public lands upon the tenns and conditions set forth in
said memorial.
469
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 6, 1850.
Mr. TURKEY presented resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Tenessee, passed
on the 11th of February, 1850, deprecating a dis-
solution of the Union, and resolving to stand by
and defend it at all hazards, and to the last extrem-
ity; and resolving:, also, that the Union can only be
preserved in its original purity and energy by re-
sisting all attempts to violate the spirit and intent
of the Constitution.
Mr. T. also presented a resolution of the same
legislature, adopted on the 8th of December,
1849, instructing then Senators, and requesting
their Representatives, to use their best efforts to
procure the establishment of a bureau in the De-
partment of the Interior, to take in charge the agri-
cultural interests of the country.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Sangerville, Maine, asking a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Gommittee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the petition of Pamelia Reswic'k, in behalf of
herself and other heirs of William Wiglon, asking
compensation for his services as an officer m the
last war with Great Britain; which, with the me-
morial and papers on the files of the Senate, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORTON submitted a communication, ad-
dressed to the Senators and Representatives of the
State of Florida, by Robert Butler, on the subject
of allowing bounty lands to the officers and sol-
diers in the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Commitee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a memorial of the
Indiana yearly meeting of the religious society of
Friends, asking the adoption of measures for pre-
venting the further extension of slavery in any
portion of the territory belonging to the United
States, and that no State may be admitted into the
Union with a constitution tolerating slavery. The
motion to receive was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented two memo-
rials from citizens of Iowa, asking a grant of pub-
lic land to that State, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Davenport to Council Bluffs; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Iowa and
Illinois, asking the improvement of the navigation
of the Upper Mississippi river; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, additional documents relating to the claim
of John P. Sheldon; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
LAND REFORM.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of P. E.
Green, J. Monroe, and other citizens of the Uni-
ted States, asking that the public lands may be
granted in limited quantities to actual settlers, not
possessed of other lands.
On presenting this petition, Mr. C. said: I hold
in my hand, Mr. President, and desire to submit
to the consideration of the Senate, the memorial of
fifteen hundred citizens of Cincinnati on the sub-
ject of land reform. Many of the petitioners are
well known to me. They are, some of them,
merchants, some'manufacturers. Most of them,
however, are workingmen, of native or foreign
birth, but all in heart Americans. By the indus-
try and intelligence of these men, and such as
they are, the city of Cincinnati has been made
what she now is,"a splendid monument of the wis-
dom and patriotism of our fathers, in dedicating
the virgin soil of the Northwest to freedom and
free labor.
They represent that the existing system of land
traffic in this country, as welt as in Europe, tends
to the reduction of the masses to the condition of
dependent tenants, and consequently to the in-
crease of inequality, misery, pauperism,and crime.
They ask that the General Government may no
longer traffic in the public lands yet unsold, but
that they ,*may be laid ofF in farms and lots, for
the free use of landless citizens who may be dis-
posed to occupy them, and that the public domain
itself may be transferred to the States and ter-
ritories within which it lies to be so disposed of.
I am glad to know that the subject of this me-
morial has already engaged the favorable regard
of several of the most distinguished members of
this body. For mvself, I desire only to say, at
present, that, following: their lead and seconding
their efforts, f shall always he ready to contribute
my humble aid to every proper measure to secure
land for the landless, and an inviolable home for
every family.
I ask that the petition may be received, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
It was so referred.
FREEDOM IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. SEWARD. I presenta petition from citi-
zens of Honesdale, Wayne county, Pennsylvania,
for the establishment and protection of freedom in
the territories of (he United States.
Also, a petition to secure to alleged fugitives the
right of trial by jury.
I move that they be received, and referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to receive.
On that question a division was called for.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I ask for the
yeas and nays. The petitions, I will state, relate
to subjects which are debated befote the Senate,
before both Houses of Congress, and before the
country. One of them relates to the prohibition
of slavery in the territories, and I wish to know
if that, which is now under discussion so gener-
ally, is a legitimate subject of petition ? 1 wish to
know if the citizens of this country have not the
right to address Congress on a subject which is
now under its consideration, and which is of para-
mount importance?
Mr. HALE. Let the petitions be read, that it may
be known what they are, and what they cire about.
The Secretary read the first as follows:
To the Congress of the United States : *
The undersigned, citizens and electors of the State of
Pennsylvania, residing in Honesdale, in the county of
Wayne, respectfully piay, that slavery and the slave trade
may he e.\pres«ly prohibited by an act of Congress in ail the
territories of the United States.
The Secretary read the other as follows:
To the Congress oj the United States:
The uuderbignrd, citizen* and electors of the State of
Pennsylvania, residing in Honesdale, m the county of
Wayne, respectfully lequest that provision may he made by
law, that whenever a person ^tiall be attested as a fugnive
slave m any St.ue other than that in which he is alleged to
he held to set vice, he shall not he deliveied to the claimant
or his agent, except on the finding of a jury that he is the
slave of the claimant.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and,
being taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Chase, Cooper,
Coiwin, D.ivis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Iowa, l)od o of
Wi«con-«in, Felch, H.ile, Jones, Norris, IVarue, Seward,
Smith, Stuigeon, Walkei,and Whitcomb—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchi>on, Beirien. Borland, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Downs,
Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Piatt, Rusk, s5ou)£, Turney,
and Yulee—18.
So the petitions were received and referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK,
Ordered, That- the petition of Nathaniel Lewis, on the
files of the, Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Gustavus Hor-
ner, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims..
On motion by Mr. CLAY,
Ordered, That the petition of Miss M. Alexander, only
heir of George Madison, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial and
documents relating to the claim of Anthony Ran-
kin, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of,
Anthony Rankin, of Tennessee; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill granting to the State of Alabama
the right of *way, and a donation of public lands,
for making a railroad from Seima to the Tennessee
river, reported back the same with amendments.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the several memorials asking the right of
I way and a grant of public land to aid in making a
j road from Davenport to Council Bluffs, reported a
bill granting the right of way and making a dona-
tion of public land to the State of Iowa, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Davenport to
Council Bluffs; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the memorials of the Tennessee, Missis-
sippi, and Alabama Railroad Company, reported a
bill to grant to the Tennessee, Mississippi, and
Alabama Railroad Company, the right of way
through the public lands of the United States;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Simeon White, submitted
an adverse report on the same; which was ordered
to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the documents relating to the sale or as-
signment of land warrants, reported that legisla-
tion on the subject was inexpedient; which was
ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of James Higginbotham, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
late and present land offices at Champagnole, Ar-
kansas; which was concurrcd in.
Also, from the same committee, asking to be
! discharged from the further consideration of the
1 memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, relat-
I ing to grants of land to the officers and soldiers of
I the war of 1812, and that it be referred to the Com-
S mittee on Military Affairs.
i Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on
I Claims, to which were referred the petitions of
; citizens of Michigan, in favor of the children of
; Hubert La Croix, submitted an adverse report on
j the same; which was ordered to be printed,
i Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
j mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
I petition ofDavid P. Barkydt, submitted anadverse
j report upon the same; which was ordered to be
! printed.
| Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
j nance, to which was referred the joint resolution
1 relative to the payment of dividends ur interest on
war bounty scrip, reported back the same with
an amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
\ ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of Horace H. Day, and others, reported
against printing; the same; which was concurred in.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill, providing for
the issuing of patents for a certain class of* con-
firmed private land claims in Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CLAIMS FOR SLAVES DEPORTED.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Rcsoh-cd, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to the Senate snich information as may be found
on the records! and on the files of thefDeptrhnent of State,
concerning the correspondence and negotiation with Great
Britain on the subject ot the claims of American citizens for
slaves, the property of those citizens, deported fiom the
United States by the officers of the British Government, in
violation of the 7th article of the definitive treaty of peace of
the 3d of September, 1783, together with copies of such let-
ters and documents as may be calculated to exhibit the
latest proceedings on the subject) and the [act vvhetilei fur-
ther application for indemnity ft um 'he British Government
\v,\s ever made by the Government! the dinted Mates, alter
the ratification ot the treaty of 1794, -between tne United
States and Great Britain.
Mr. HUNTER. As this 13 merely a resolution
of inquiry, I hope there will be no objection on
the part of the Senate to consider it now.
Mr. KING. 1 do not exactly understand the
object of the resolution which has just been offered
by my friend from Virginia. 1 presume that sub-
