1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
granting to the State of Alabama the right of way
and a donation of public land, for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad from the point
at which the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad
crosses the Tennessee river to the town of Chatta-
nooga.
The bill having been considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and no amendment having been pro-
posed, it was itported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
INTERCOURSE WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to extend the ben-
efit of the seventeenth section of the act to regu-
late intercourse with the Indian tribes and to pre-
serve peace on the frontier (approved June 3,1834)
to the people of the State of Texas and others.
Mr. UN DERWOOD. 1 am opposed to the
enlargement of the acts heretofore existing upon
the subject of our intercourse with the Indian
tribes, in the manner that the bill proposes, to in-
crease the facilities of obtaining money. I desire,
therefore, that this bill may be laid over until to-
monow, that I may have time to examine it.
Mr. RUSK. IV!r. President, I hope the honor-
able Senator will withdraw that motion. So far
as the State of Texas is concerned there are very
few claims; and they are here. The depredations
that have been committed there have been com-
mitted by Indian tiihes that have emigrated from
other paits of the United States. But three or
four ca3es have come to my knowledge, and tr.ey
are such as relief laws might be passed for. One
or two of them have been referred to the Commit-
tee qji Indian Affairs, and that committee has re-
ported this bill to cover those cases and all similar
ones.
I hope that the honorable Senator will withdraw
his motion. This bill has been up three or four
times. The amounts th^t will be paid under it
will be small, and the individuals who will be bene~
fitted by this bill need indemnity very much. If
the bill 13 postponed, we may not be able to get it
up again, and thus it will be defeated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In this biU the word
fi indemnity " is stricken out in one place, but im-
mediately following there is a provision made to
pay. The bill seems to be inconsistent in that re~
spect. But I do not wish to delay the bill. I
cannot vote for it, as it stands. If the Senate
choose to pass it, let them do so. I shall give my
vote against it. I withdraw the proposition to
postpone.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, this is certainly
a bill of very considerable importance, and a bill
which may create demands upon the public Treas-
ury to a large amount. \ am not content, there-
fore, to let it pass, in its present shape, without a
record of my vote against it. I shall ask, there-
fore, for the yeas and nays on the engrossment of
the bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, before the
question is taken on the engrossment of the bill, I
wish to submit an amendment, to which 1 sup-
pose there will be no objection. It is to insert m
the third line the words 44 or under the jurisdiction ;
or authority of," so as to read, " ifany Indian or i
Indians belonging to or under the jurisdiction and j
authority of any tribe," &c. ■
This is intended to except the annuities of the ;
Indians from any liability for any depredations j
committed by bands who have exiled themselves
from the jurisdiction of their tribes. Such instan- i
ces have occurred,! think, among Indians now j
residing in Texas, who do not acknowledge any I
authority or jurisdiction to those living within the 1
territoiies assigned them by their treaties with '
the United States. I think that class of cases i
ought to be excepted. I hope, therefore, there i
will be no objection to the amendment. !
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I will
now read to the Senate the fourteenth section of
the act of 1602, regulating the mode of paying for i
Indian depredations, in order to point out the in- ;
consistency between the bill now before the Sen- j
ate and the former legislation of Congress upon ,
that subject. The fourteenth section of that act !
reads thus; ;
" That if any Indian or Indians, belonging to any tribe 1
in amity wuh the United State?, shall come over or i
acro*«s she said boundmy line, into any State or Territory !
inhabited by citizens of the United States, and there take, |
•te&l, or destroy, any horse, horses, or other property be- 1
longing to any citizcn or inhabitant of the United States,
or of either of the territorial dist icts of the United States,
or shall commit any murder, violence, or ouuage upon any
such citizen or inhabitant, it shall be ihe duty of such citi-
y.en or inhabitant, his representative, attorney, or agent, to
make appiieaiton to the superintendent, or such other per-
son as the President of the United States shall authorize
for that purpose j who, upon bt-ine furnished with the ne-
cessary documents and proofs, shall, undei the direction or
instruction of the President of the United State*, make ap-
plication to the nation or trihe to which such Indian or In-
dians shall belong, for satisfaction ; and if such nation or
tribe shall neglect or refuse to make satisfaction in a rea-
sonable time, not exceeding twelve months, then it shall
be the duty of nich superintendent or other person author-
ized as aforesaid, to make return of his doings to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and forward to him all the docu-
ments and proofs in the case, that such further steus may
be taken as shall be proper to obtain satisfaction for the in-
jury; and in the mean time, in respect to the property so
taken, stolen, or destroyed, the United Slates guaranties to
the partv injured an eventual indemnification: Provided al- \
ways, That if such mjmed party, his attorney, repre>ent<i-
ttve, or anent, sliali in any way violate any of the provis-
ions of this act, by seeking or attempting to obtain private
satisfaction or revenge, bv ' rossmg over the line in any In-
dian lands, he shall forfeit all claim upon the United States
for such indemnification: Jlnd protided alsoy That noth-
ing herein contained shall prevent the legal apprehension
or arresting, within ihe limits of any State or district, of
any Indian having so offended ; Jl)td provided further, That
I it shall be lawful for the President of the United States to
} deduct such sum or sums as shall he paid for the pioperty
i taken, stolen, or destroyed bv any such Indian, out of the
I animal stipend which the United States are bound to pay
to the tribe to which such Indian shall belong. "
•Now, sir, I have been willing, from the begin-
ning, to extend every provision which I have read
from this law to all the Indian tribes in Texas
and on the western frontier. But this bill enlarges
this much beyond the provision which I have
read. For instance, it makes no distinction be-
tween depredations committed by Indians, by
crossing over the line into the territory of a State,
and depredations committed upon persons who
may be passing through the Indian country. Now,
it seems to me that if our citizens go into the In-
dian country, they must abide by what injuries
they receive, without looking to the Government for
indemnity. This is introducing a new principle
into the legislation of Congress, and one that I am
not willing to introduce.
My attention, Mr. President, was drawn to this
bill from the fact that I am a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims, and know something in relation
to these Indian depredations, and from the fact
that there is a provision in the bill giving it a re-
troactive opeiation,so as to embrace a great many
Indian claims which I supposed had been pre-
sented to the committee of which I am a member.
I did not see the policy of that. But, sir, when I
came to look into the law which 1 have just read,
and found that these depredations heretofore pro-
vided for were depredations committed within the
limits of a State, and then saw that this bill was
broad enough to embrace all the depredations that
may have been committed upon.persons traveling
from Independence, St. Joseph, or any where else,
across the plains, and even to California; and
when I looked at the impossibility of telling what
Indian tribe had commuted these depredations to
whom our agents were to look for indemnity, and
out of what annuities or gratuities, on the part of
the Government, they were to be deducted, it
struck me that there were some objections to legis-
lating beyond the act of 1802.
Now, sir, I nut it to gentlemen whether this bill
does not provide for all the injuries that have been
perpetrated in anv travel g"oing to California, or
g-oing to Santa Fe from Upper Missouri? And
how wiil it be possible to ascertain what tribe has
committed the depredation—to which tribe we are
to look for indemnity? Is it the intention of the
supporters of the bill to provide for the payment
of all these depredations? I should like informa-
tion on these points before voting on the bill. I
do not myself see the propriety of enlarging the
provisions of the act of 1802.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator has been un-
fortunate m not examining the intercourse law of
1834 instead of the law of 1802; for he will find
that since 1834, cases of depredation committed in
the Indian territory have been provided for and
paid by Congress. The intercourse law of 1834
makes the same provision when depredations are
committed in what is made Indian territory and
described as Indian territory, whether the cases
occur near the Arkansas line, or from the frontiers
of Missouri and Iowa to the frontiers of Mexico.
This has been the law since 1834, and it is no new
provision. This bill was intended to apply to dep-
redations committed within the limits of Texas.
Citizens of Texas now have the same benefits of
the law of 1834 as the citizen of Missouri or Iowa,
or New Hampshire or Connecticut, in traveling
through the Indian country. If the Senator will
turn his attention to the 17th section of the inter-
course law of 1834, he will find the provisions that
he complains this law will extend to Texas already
existing in other cases. The object of this bill is
to provide for indemnity for depredations commit-
ted within the limits of the State of Texas. Since
the annexation of Texas, the United States has
given her no protection. Until within the last
year or two, we have had no authorized Indian
agent within the limits of Texas. Depredations
have been committed from the hour of annexation
up to the present time—to what extent 1 do not
know. Now, the question is this:-Will you ex-
fend to the State of Tex^s, to the people of the
State of Texas, within her limits, the same pro-
visions or enactments that apply to the States of
Iowa, Wisconsin, Missouri, Arkansas, gnd every
other frontier State in this Union ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (in his seat.) Certainly
I will.
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well. This bill does
nothing more. There is no new provision in it.
Mr. EWING. The difficulty in this bill, that
strikes my mind the most, is not that urged by the
gentleman from Kentucky. But there is another
difficulty. It is this: The United States has no
control over the Indians in Texas at all. Our in-
tercourse act does not extend there at all. We
cannot regulate the trade with the Indians there.
We cannot prohibit the seliingof spirituous liquors
to them. We cannot license traders, or prevent
! individuals from goins: upon the Indian territory
j of Texas. The whole control of the Indians of
1 Texas is strictly and properly in Texas itself. If
this control possessed by Texas was surrendered
to the United States, as it is in other States, it
would certainly be right to extend the laws pro-
tecting their property, just as they are extended in
other States. But this bill does not so extend
them. It takes simply that provision of the Indian
intercourse act which pays money for depreda-
tions, without putting it in the power of the
United States to protect property and to take care
of the Indians, as they do in other States. This, I
believe, is the case.
There is an Indian agent in Texas, appointed, as
I thought, under very doubtful authority. I was
not exactly certain of the power of the United
States to appoint that agent at all. There was,
however, precedent for the appointment. This
Indian agent has been there for a few years. But
I do not recollect any law which authorizes his ap-
pointment, or gives htm the powers which such
agents have in other States and Territories of the
United Slates. The portion of Texas occupied
by the fndians is not Indian territory in the sense
of the law of the United States. Now, I would
not consent to answer for the depredations com-
mitted by the Indians within that Territory, over
| whom we had no control, and whom we cannotat
[all direct. That is my objection. And unless it
j can be shown that that objection does notexist, or
! unless it be remedied, in some form or'other, I
cannot consent to vote for this hill.
Mr CHASE. The act of 1834 defines the lim-
its of the Indian country. It is the territory west
of the Mississippi, and not within the States of
Missouri and Louisiana, or the Territory of Ar-
kansas*, and'also that part of the United States
east of the Mississippi river, and not within any
State to which the Indian title has not been extin-
guished. This is the Indian country. It is terri-
tory without the States, and beyond the limits of
any State. It is to that territory that the provi-
sions of this act of 1834 extend. Now, it is pro-
posed to extend the provisions of this act to dep-
redations committed within the States of Florida
and Texas.
So far as the State of Florida is concerned, any
depredations committed by Indians residing within
the Indian country, are already provided for by
the act of 1834.
So far as the State of Texas is concerned, she
stands upon a totally different principle. She has
reserved to herself all the lands within her limits.
She has entire control over the Indians within her
limits. The power of the United States does not ex-
tend to them, unless in a very limited degree, as
described by my colleague. If, then, we pass this
