1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
his consideration the facts within my recollection,
and to ask him to consider that fc^reign Govern-
ments have no medium of communication With
each other except through the treaty-making pow-
er There is no other mode known. It is within
my recollection, and that of Senators all around
me, that some years ago we sent a minister to
France, to negotiate and settle certain difficulties
existmg between us and that Government. A
treaty was made by the American minister with
that kingdom, and in that treaty was a provision
that the wines of France should be introduced
into this country upon terms more favorable than
those granted to other nations. That ueaty was
brought here, and ratified by this Senate, and has
been executed by this Government, I, for one,
protested against it. I dislike the principle; but
still your records show what were the opinions of
the Senate, and the ratifying power of the Govern-
ment, and they are far from censuring such a
course as impertinent.
These are the facts which, I believe, are unde-
niable in their character. It is not, therefore, with-
out a precedent, that one government communicates
its views to another in lelation to topics of this de-
scription. And, while 1 know this to be the fact,
I at the same time entertain an opinion as strong
as that of the gentleman, who has just taken his seat,
can possibly have. I have protested, and prob-
ably shall continue, under all circumstances which
may exist, to protest, against the exercise of a
power of this description by the Executive. Iri
my opinion, the framers of the Constitution of the
United States never contemplated transferring any
portion of the power of raising revenue to the
treaty-making power of the Government. Those
who framed that instrument have given their views
in clear and distinct language, and they have re-
fused to trust this body with power to originated
money bill. They have confided that to the House
of Representatives, and that House alone. And,
sir, that those who framed this instrument were
thus anxious to throw around it guards in this
particular, seems to me to be a sufficient reason
why we should retain a power so sacred in itself.
But, upon a general view of the subject, tnis is as
objectionable an exercise of the power as can well
be thought of. What is a tieaty? Is it not an
irrepealable law for the tome it exists—made to ex-
ist during a ccrtain period of time, and during that
time irrepealable and unalterable ? That is a prop-
osition which cannot be denied; and if you carry
matters of revenue into a treaty, and arrange them
with a foreign government in that way, and ratify
such a treaty, and then refuse to abide by it, what-
ever may be the change of circumstances in your
Government, and whatever may be the exigencies
which grow up, either for the increase or the dimi-
nution ot its revenues, the refusal to abide by that
treaty, and the violation of it, will be cause of
war. It is preposterous to transfer a power of this
description to the treaty-making power.
I think, therefore, the Administration is entirely
right, before making any disposition of this paper,
to send it here to be considered by Congress.
That is the proper disposition of it; and, for one,
I am glad it is brought here, if it is to be consid-
ered at all. I do not know—1 do not undertake to
say—that a proposition of that sort merits consid-
eration; but I never would be wanting in a dispo-
sition to treat with respect a proposition made by
a foreign country in good faith and courteous lan-
guage, though it should be manifest that we can-
not comply with it.
I thought that, after hearing the remarks of my
friend, some explanation of this kind was due,
and I therefore rose to submit what I have said,
and shall be ready to meet the proposition upon
its merits, if it ever comes before us, when, I dare
say, we shall not be found differing in opinion.
Mr. COOPER. From the tenor of the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, one
would suppose that I had reflected on the char-
acter of the Executive, in sending that paper here.
I did no such thins:; nor did i intend to do any
such thing. On the contrary, I approve of the
course which the Executive has pursued m send-
in0- that paper here; and I had no doubt, as I ob-
served in the remarks which I addressed to the
Senate a few minutes ago, that the President would
vindicate the honor of the country—that he would
take care of the interests of the country; and, as
an evidence that he .is disposed to do so, he has
sent hither this correspondence, in order that the
Representatives of the people may be informed of
the efforts being made on the part of -England to
maintain the tariff policy adopted in the year 1846.
Sir, it was not without design that the President
sent those papers here. He desired—or at least I
presume so—to show that England had a more
peculiar interest in maintaining that law than we
have in our own country; and he sent this com-
munication here in order that we might gather
from what the British Minister says, what it would
be proper for us to do when that subject comes to
be considered; for, sir, if the people of England
would be so disagreeably disturbed by the repeal
or modification of that law, it must be very im-
portant to the manufacturing interests of England
that it should be maintained, while, at the same
time, it is equally important to us that it should be
at least pro tanto repealed.
Mr. BADGER. Mr, President, I do not rise
for the purpose of entering into any discussion as
to the merits of the letter which has been made the
subject of the remarks which have fallen from the
Senator from Pennsylvania; but I must sav, that
while I am very sorry that the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania should have thought it proper
on this occasion to indulge in remaiks which I
think were not necessary to be made, and which
appear to me in some degree to involve a violation
of that courtesy which ought to be manifested in
all our relations with foreign Powers, and their
representatives; yet I must also say, that in the
general view and opinions which have been ex-
pressed in relation to this letter, I entirely concur.
I think the honorable Senator from Massachusetts ;
has failed to show us a case which furnishes a
precedent for the kind of proceeding of which this
letter furnishes an example. All the cases to
which he refers, are cases in which the President
of the United States was desired to open negotia-
tions with foieign Powers, in order to procure by
treaty stipulations certain provisions deemed by
the Senate to be advantageous to our interests.
This letter, if I understand it, is not of that char-
acter. It is not a movement or an application on
the part of the British Minister to open negotia-
tions with the Executive Department of the Gov-
ernment for any reciprocal arrangement in regard
to duties levied on iron or any other article of ex-
port. It does not look to any negotiation. It
neither opens negotiation, nor proposes that any
should be opened; but it is simply a letter m
which he communicates to the Secretary of State
the fact, that it is understood that Congress in-
tends to make some modification of the existing
tariff of duties on foreign iron, and communicates
to him the further fact, that such a modification
will not be well received by the public opinion of
England. That is the whole of it. It is no pro-
posal or negotiation. It is not saying to the Sec-
retary of State that " her Majesty's Government
is desirous of entering into some treaty stipulations
by which this subject can be amicably and proper-
ly arranged." It is not saying that "when this
subject comes under consideration, I am prepared,
instructed, or authorized to make certain compen- j
sating reductions of duty, upon any of the great t
subjects of exports from this country;" but it is a j
simple communication to the Secretary of State, |
that if Congtess should make certain alterations j
in the duty on iron, which the Minister understood j
Congress p-oposes to do, it will not be well re- i
ceived in England. j
Now, it seems to me that no precedent can be ,
foun(j—^certainly none has been referred to; I cer- j
tainly know of none, and have heard of none— ,
for such interference as this, in respect to thelegis- ,
lative action of Congress; and it appears to me 1
that the true and proper answer to be given to it,
was not to have spoken of it, as the Senator from
Pennsylvania has spoken of it, as being " imper-
tinent" or " indecorous," but to have said that
the United States had fully discharged all her
treaty obligations to Great Britain; that beyond
those obligations the regulations which Congress
has to establish, the laws which Congress has
to pass, the duties which Congress has to levy,
must be dictated by a just and enlightened con-
sideration of that body, for the interests of our
own people, irrespective of the wishes, and opin-
ions, and interests of any other. In that point of
view, it strikes me that this letter is a singular
! one; that it is irregular, and therefore deserves
| some such reply as that which I have suggested.
| Mr. KING. I will say but a word in reply to
the remarks of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, which are calculated to produce feelings -
of unkindness between the United States and
Great Britain, which I presume the honorable
Senator does not desire.
Sir Henry L. Bulwer is the representative df
Great Britain, and, although in a letter to the Sec-
retary of State he may have used terms which it
would have been better not to have used, and pro-
posed what probably had better not have been
proposed, still, if the honorable Senator under-
stands the progress of things in negotiations be-
tween this and other governments, he will see that
on more than one occasion, the Government of the
United States, through its minister, has called on
foreign Governments to change their regulations
with regard to duties or prohibitions upon articles,
the growth or production of the United States,
and when that change could not be made by treaty
stipulations, but must be made by a legislative
enactment. I allude to the regie m relation to the
introduction of tobacco into France, referred toby
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts. The
American Government for years has been anxious
to have a reduction or abandonment of that regie
on the part of the French Government. It was
a legislative enactment, and must be repealed by
the Legislature of the country before it can be
changed by the Executive.
Communications have been made again and
again by our representative to the Secretary of For-
eign Affairs, advocating the propnety of making a
change, which has been advantageous to the com-
merce of the two countries, beneficial alike to
France as well as this Government; and it never
was taken in an offensive sense. The minister of
the United States was not denounced for making
such an application, as being "impertinent," as
acting indecorously, or as departing from the line
of his duty, and deserving the reprobation of the
Senate of the United States. Tins language, it
seems to me, is not becoming this body; and I am
sorry to hear it applied to a high-minded and hon-
orable man. Though mistaken in the course he
has adopted,and though it might have been better
not to have made the communication, yet, believ-
ing it was a duty he owed to the people of Great
Britain, he brought it forward in the terms which
he did, and it has been communicated here. 1 do
not believe it was nccessary that it should have
been communicated here. I am only surprised that
the Secretary of State did send it here, for he well
understands that we do not intend to legislate with
reference to the opinions held by any portion of
the people of Great Britain, in relation to the
propriety or impropriety of our legislative enact-
ments.
I only rose to say that I regret exceedingly that
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania indulged
in expressions which would have been received by
this Government with indignation, if applied to
her representative near a foreign Court. I know
well what would have been the feeling in this
country, if such teims had been used respecting
our minister, either in the House of Peers in Great
Britain, or in the Cnamber of Deputies in France.
Mr. CLAY. I have risen only to say a word
or two, for really I am extremely unwilling to de-
lay the honorable Senator who, it was expected,
would occupy the. floor to-day. But I have risen
to express my vety great regret at the language
which my worthy friend who sits before me [Mr.
Cooper] has thought proper to apply to the Brit-
ish Minister, here at the seat of this Government.
I am afraid my friend has confounded his
wishes upon the subject of the great interest which
he is desirous to protect, with what he supposes to
be the erroneous conduct of the representative of a
Go\eminent, whose people have opinions not ex-
nelly in accordance with those'represented by my
i worthy friend.
} I must say, for one, sir, and in opposition to the
I opinion of the honorable Senator from North Car-
o!mi, [Mr. Badcer,] that I do not see a particle
of impropriety, or the slightest deviation from the
most correct diplomatic practice and usage, in the
letter of Sir Henry Bulwer, which has been the
subject of the morning's conversation.
What, sir! Cannot the representative of a for-
eign Government near this Government, or the
representative of this Government near a foreign
Government, express its wishes and expectations
upon the subject ofa tariff, without incurring de-
nunciations, and having applied to them language
