i me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.. 13,
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to amend the bill
by striking out 1847 and inserting 1850, so that the
increased pension should commence from and after
May, 1850.
Some conversation and explanations followed,
by Messrs. PRESTON KING, THOMPSON of
Mississippi, RICHARDSON, and McLANE of
Maryland.
Mr. ASHMUN, remarking that he was sure
the unanimous consent of the House was not given
with any expectation of debate arising upon a pri-
vate bill, and that such debate was out of place at
this time, moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered—being first on the
amendment of Mr. King.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 81, noes not counted.
By unanimous consent a further amendment was
made to correspond with that just adopted.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired what was the regular
order of business ?
The call of the committees
I call for the regular order of
The SPEAKER.
for reports.
Mr. ASHMUN.
business.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into Com-
. mittee of the Whole on ihe state of the Union.
Pending the question, l>y general consent—
On motion by Mr. POTTER, leave warranted
to withdraw from the files the memorial of William
A. Bradley and others, praying for the erection of
a new post office in the city of Washington, for
the purpose of its reference to the Senate.
On motion by Mr. DUNHAM, leave was
granted to withdraw fiom the files the petition and
papers of James Uppmghouse, in relation to a
tract of land, with the view of their reference to
one of the Executive Departments.
MEETING AT SAVANNAH.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, appealed to the
gentleman from Virginia, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to give way for
a moment to allow him to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present certain resolutions
that had been adopted at a meeting of citizens
of Savannah on the 23d of July last, upon thesub-
jects now agitating the Union, and again adopted
at a subsequent meeting on the 31st of the same
month.
Mr. BAYLY having assented theieto—
Mr. JACKSON stated, that on yesterday, when
the calling of the States for resolutions was regu-
larly in order, the order had been superseded by
the House going into Committee on the state of the
Union, and he had had consequently, no opportu-
nity to do his solemn duty, as instructed, to a por-
tion of his constituents, and, as he believed, to his
country. He desired now not to agitate, not to
provoke discussion, but simply to have veeH to
the Representatives of the people, resolutions
which would exhibit the opinions and feelings of
the ancientcity of Savannah. To piesent the res-
olutions simply at the desk to the Clerk under
the rule, would not be in compliance with the in-
tention of his constituents. He asked that unani-
mous consent should be given, and the resolutions
be read, when he would move to lay them on the
table.
Mr. ASHMUN renewed his call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. BAYLY insisted upon his motion.
The question was taken, and '
The SPEAKER announced, ayes 67, noes 56.
Mr. ROBINSON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question, " Will the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?" was then taken, and resulted—yeas 83,
nays 85; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bingham, Bnwdon, Bojrd, Brack, William J. Brown Burt
Jo.-epli Cable, George A. Caldwell, Chngman, Williamson
li. W. Cobb, Colcock, Doty, Edniundson, EwinL'. Feather-
Mon, Fuller, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Isllam
G. Harris, tiampson W. Hairis, Haymond, Iloagland Hous-
ton, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson
Robert VV. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La Sere
Job Mann, Mason, Matteson, McDowell, RobertM, McLane'
Pima B. Mr-Lean, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Mill-on'
Moreiiead, Morns, Morse, Morton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw Par-
ker, Peaslee, Peck, Richardson, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Spaulding, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens
Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Walden, Wallace, VVdl-
kms. Wellborn, Wentworth, Wlldrick, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson. Alexander, Alston, Ashmun,
Baker, Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Briggs, Brooks, Bui
rows, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin,
CroweJl, Daniel, Deberrj, Diekcy, Disney, Dixon, Duucan,
Dunham, N. Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Gentry, Giddings. Gor-
man, Gott, Gould, Grimiell, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Hay, llebard. Hibbard, William T. Jackson, James
G. King, John A. King, Leffln*, Littielield, Horace Mann,
Marshall, McClemand, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock,
Meacham, Moore, Nelson, Ogle, PlKEnix, Pitman, Reed,
Reynolds, Ri-ley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ross,
Itmnsey, Schenck, Scheimerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester,
Stanly, Sweetser, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo,
White, Wlultlesey, Williams, and Wilson—B5.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
[Mr. GREEN, when his name was called,
rose and stated, that he had paired off with Mr
Putnam, of New York, and should, therefore, de
cline to vote ]
[Mr. BueI and Mr. Hat, as stated by Mr.
Fitch, have also paired off.]
AMENDMENT TO THE RULES.
The SPEAKER then announced the regular or-
der of business to be the call of the committees for
reports, commencing where the call was last sus-
pended, that is, with the Committee on Rules.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Rules, of-
fered the following amendment, to come m at tne
end of the 34th rule of the House:
" After which any member, who shall first obtain the
[ floor, shall be allowed to bpeuk five minutes m opposition to
it, and there shall be no timber debate on Iha amendment,
but the fraine privilege of debate shall be allowed in favor ol
and against any amendment that may be offered to the
amendment; and neither the amendment nor an amend-
ment to the amendment shall be withdrawn by the mover
thereof, unless the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee."
1 he 34th rule, thus proposed to be amended,
is in the following words:
34. " No member shall oeeupy more thanone hour in de-
bate, ou any question in the House or in committee, but a
member <epotimg the measure under consideration trom a
committee may oHen arid close the debate: Provided. That
where debate it closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he mayoft'ei." J
The amendment having been read—
Mr. JONES said: We aie all aware that under
the rule allowing five minutes for explanation to
the mover of an amendment, after the general de-
bate has been closed, some of the most business-
like and beneficial debates have taken place in
committee. But I think we all are likewise aware-,
that that rule has been abused. It was originally
intended, as all ot us who were here at the time of
its adoption well know, to give the mover of an
amendment—particularly to appropriation bills—
an opportunity of explaining it, instead of re-
quiring a vote to be taken without explanation.
The amendment now reported from the Com-
mittee on Rules, pioposes to extend to any other
member of tlie committee the right to occupy five
minutes in opposition to the amendment, anu then
requires that there shall be no further debate upon
it. And the same rule is to be applied to an
amendment to the amendment. The committee is
then to be brought to a vote, and the mover shall not
be permitted to withdraw the amendment without
the unanimous consent of the committee.
AVith this explanation 1 move the previous
question on the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] afterhav-
mg made a speech himself, will not insist on the
demand for the previous question. I hope he will
withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
lennessee [Mr. Jones] withdraw the demand for
the previous question ?
Mr. JON ES. 1 shall withdraw it only for a mo-
ment, and simply for the purpose of saying, that
the repoit was madg from the Committee on Rules
for the purpose of facilitating the business of the
tlouse; and the committee instructed me to move
the previous question. I cannot, therefore, with-
draw the demand.
. Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Do you
insist on the demand > y
Mr. JONES. I do.
Mr. THOMPSON. Well, I insist upon it that
this is about the only rule of the House which has
not been abused. I move that the report of the
committee be laid upon the table. I desire to see
whether there is a determination to cut off all
right of debate in this Hoytse.
Mr. ORR, (to the Speaker.) What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is on the motion of the
gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson] to
lay on the table the report of the Committee on
Rules.
Mr. INGE. 1 should like to record my vote
against that report. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The amendment was again read.
The question was taken, and decidcd in the neg-
ative yeas 50, nays 136; as follow;
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bis-
sau, Bowdon, Bojd, Albert G. Brown, Burt, George A.
Caldwell, Chrigimn, Uolcock, Daniel, Edinund*on, FeatU-
erston, Hamilton, Hammond, fjaiatson, S. W. Harris, Hol-
iada>, Holmes, Howa.d, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James
L. Johnson, UobeitW. Johnson, La Sere, Marshall,Ma.-on,
McDowell, R M. MeLane, McMullen, McQueen, Meade,
Million, Morse, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Paikei, Powell, Sed-
don, R. H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, and Woodward—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, A-h-
mun, Baker, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, W.J. Brown, Burrows, Joseph Cable, J.
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Oa ey, Chandler,
Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Dbeiry,
Dickey, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, N. Evans, Ewmg,
Pitch, Fowler,Fuller, Gentry, Guiding*, Gott, Gould, Gnn-
neJl. Hall, Hampton, Harlan, fcJiam G. Harris, T. L. Harris,
Hay, Haymond, llebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagiand, Hous-
ton, W. T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr,
G. G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King,
Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, J. Mann, Matteson, Mc-
Clemand, McDonald, McGaugliey, McKissock, McLana-
hun, F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Mortis,
Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaalee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman,
letter, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Robirmon,
Rockwell, Root, Rfse, R.ss, Rumsey,* Sackett, Sawtelle,
feohenek, SiiiermerJimii, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, fcilveattr,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, T. Stevens, Stet&on, Strong,
Sweetser, Taylor, Jame® Thompson, John 8. Thompson,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watiuns,
Wentwouh, White, Whmle&ey, Wlldrick, Williams, Wil-
son, Wood, and Young— ]S6.
So the House refused to lay the report on the
table.
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question 
Pending the question—
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself info Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tn!"' IS*ABLE demanded the yeas and nays,
ihe SPEAKER was in the act of counting the
House, when' °
Mr. VENABLE, at the suggestion of Mr.
Ihompson, of Mississippi, withdrew the call.
The question was tak^n, and the sound indica-
ting that it was decided in the negative 
Mr. fHOMPSON, of Mississippi, renewed the
demand for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 66, nays 117; as follow:
YEAS-Messrs. Anderson, A he, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd, Albeit G. Brown, Burt Gpoi«p
A. Caldwell, Clmgman, W. It. VV. Cofe,Dali.el, if-
iiiundsou, Ernng, Featherston, Gorman, Hal), Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Iloagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, I,lee.
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James h. Johnson.
Robert VV. Johnson, Jones, Preston King, La Sere, Mason!
McDowell,Robert. M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen
McWillie, Meade, Million, Morehead, Morris, Moise Mot-
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Paiker, Powell, Robbing, Kichmd H
Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson!
J ooniiis, Venable.Wallace, Wattais, Wellborn, VViidnck
Woodward, and Youn —66. '
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Ashmun Ba-
ker, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee Booth
n !■ ■BrJS?s> Biooks, William J. Blown, Burrows, Thorn!
nS Caf.le, Joseph P. Caldwell, Caivui,
Campbell, Caitter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin!
Crow«ll,Deberr>,Dicke}, Disney, Doty, Duer, Duncan
Dunham, Durkeo, Nathan Evans, Fuch, Fowler, Fuller
Gentry, Giddings, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hampton, Harlan!
L hoinas L. Il<irri>, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, JJib-
barrf, Houston, William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, G^otae
G King. James G. King, John A. King, L.efflei. Lutiefieid
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson.MrClernatid'
McDonald, McGaughey, McKistock, MeLanahan, Finis E?
McLean, Meacham, Moot e, Nebon, Ogle, Otis {'easier-'
Peck,Ph(£!iiix, Pitman, Potter, Reed,Reynold--. Uiphant^rt..'
Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Ro*e, Ross Rimi-cev'
Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhom, Sehoolcrak, 'i5hem>erd
feilve&ter, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanlv, Stetson sftonrr'
Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, Jol),i B ^O2o, '
UnderhilL Van Dyke, Vinton, W.Uden, Wald"), Wentwoith'
White, Whittlesey, Wilhams, Wilson, and Wood~Xl7 '
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the VV hole on the state of the Union.  
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question—
Messrs. Inge and Daniel rose simultaneously.
