472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
such as I lament to have heard applied to Sir
Heriry Bulwer this morning? The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] has
spoken of the incapacity of the treaty-making
power to regulate the subject of the tariff. I con-
cur with him in that opinion. Sir Henry Bulwer
has proposed no such thing in his note, which has
called down on him the commentaries this morn-
ing. He has proposed no action. He has said
that which has been read to us; and I suppose he
had a right to say it, in prosecuting the interests
of his own country; and my habit, sir, of estima-
ting the value of public men, is by their devotion
and zeal in support of those interests which they
are charged to take care of. He is here. He un-
derstands that there is a prospect of the duties on
a particular article being augmented, and" he ex-
presses the views and opinions of his own Gov-
ernment, and of himself, upon the subject. He
proposes nothing—he proposes to open no nego-
tiations. And is it not an advantage even to us,
when this subject comes up—if it should come
up—to know what will be the feelings of all for-
eign Governments upon our action on a subject
which more or If ss interests them all, but interests
Great Britain more than all of them ?
In saying all this, I do not mean to come to the
conclusion at which the British Minister would
arrive, or wishes this Government to airive. On
the contrary, I concur entirely with my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] and I hope that
the very object which the British Minister aims at
accomplishing, will not be attained I am entirely
opposed to his object. I am very desirous that
this subject of a proper protection on iron should
be taken up, examined in fairness, and calmly
adjusted upon principles of equity and of sound
policy, in reference to that great national interest.
And 1 am suie that if 1 go into the subject, I shall
be uninfluenced by the wishes of the British Gov-
ernment—uninfluenced by what its organ has
chosen to present to our Government—uninflu-
enced, I should hope, by any other considerations
than those which belong to my o vn country, and
all parls of it, and all lis great interests
But, while I say all this, I conhl not sit in my
seat, and hear—and 1 am sure my worthy friend
from Pennsylvania, on consideration, will be sat-
isfied with the impropriety of it—the application
of such language as he has made to a minister
with whom I have had frequent opportunities of
intercourse, and of whom 1 take pleasure in say-
ing, 1 have seen near this Government no foreign
minister whatever, who appears to me more accom-
plished, more able, and better disposed towmd
keeping the relations of the two countries upon
a footing of the most perfect amity and good
feeling.
1 concur, sir, with the honorable Senator from
Alabama [Mr. King] in thinking that it was per
haps hardly necessary to have communicated this
letter to Congress at all, but at the same time, 1 do
not see that any harm can result from the com-
munication. The President, not choosing to
enter into any negotiations, and perhaps no nego-
tiations being necessary in the case, thought proper
to communicate the letter to Congress, that it may
receive just so much, and no mme, consideration
than is necessary.
Mr. CASS. I agree entirely with the honor-
able Senators from Alabama and Kentucky, [Mr.
Kinc; and Mr. Clay,] in the expression of their
regret upon this occasion. I deeply regret that
any Senator should have thought proper'to make
use of such language as has been applied to Sir
Henry Bulwer this morning. I know that gentle-
man well. [ have known him for years, and a
moie high-minded and honorable, man never crossed
the Atlantic, or come to our shores. I know it is
the last idea in his mind to give offenee to the
American people or their representatives. He
comes to fulfill his duty to his own Government,
but he comes with very respectful feelings toward'
ours. l am sure of it. Therefore, as far as re-
spects him, I deeply regret that any censure should
be thus publicly thrown upon him, that his name
and his course should he brought in here, and that
he should be supposed to intend any disrespect to
this country, or to this Government
ihere is a misapprehension as to the practice
and usage in this matter. The honorable Senator
from Alabama is right. I myself know the course
which has been taken by this Government and its
representatives. Every Senator here knows that
not only in Prance is tobacco prohibited, but that
it is a monopoly; and that it. is so in other coun-
tries on the continent of Europe. It is one of the
principal sources of revenue in Prance; but the
monopoly and prohibition are regulated by the
Legislatures; the Executive has no more power
over it than ours. When 1 was in France I was
instructed to remonstrate against this course as un-
friendly, and I did it in no measured terms; and,
although I failed to accomplish the object, it was
not my fault. But it never entered into my head,
nor I suppose into the heads of others, that that
step on my part was an offenee. They never said
so. They answered me very politely, but told me
that they could not give it up as a source of reve-
nue. They did not send my letter to the ChamBer
of Deputies; and I rather regret that this letter
was sent here, in consequence of the censure that
has been thrown upon the British Minister. I do
not see the necessity for sending it here, although
I presume it was sent with the best intentions.
But precisely such a case happened within my
own knowledge, in which [ remonstrated with the
French Government against one of their prohibi-
tory laws, which prevented the exportation to
France of one of the greatest of our articles of
produce. Instead of having an open market, they
sent their agents here to purchase tobacco, and
drive us into other markets.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 rise for the purpose of mov-
ing that this subject be postponed until to-morrow,
in order that we may proceed to the consideration
of the order of the day. In making this motion,
I do not make it with any desire of speaking upon
the subject myself, but simply because I know that
it is the right of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania to reply, and I wish him to have an op-
portunity of doing so at length, without interrupting
further the consideration of the order of the day.
Mr. BADGER. I beg leave, before that dis-
position is made of the subject, to make one
remark. I hope I was not understood by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, or by the honora-
ble Senator fiom Michigan, as joining at all in the
censure cast upon the British Minister, or rather I
should say, which has been indulged in, by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [intended
expressly to do away with any such idea in the
observations which I made; and I will say, while
I think the motives presented in that letter are not
those which should influence us in the exercise of
legislative power—and, according to my view of
the matter, this is an application designed to in-
fluence the legislation of Congress, which is
iiregular und not supported by precedent—I yet
entirely acquit him of any designed wrong in the
course he has adopted. I join entirely in the ex-
pressions of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
as to the high, upright, and honorable character of
that gentleman. I believe he is one of the last men
in the world who, in urging the interests of his own
Government, would be guilty of the slightest in-
civility or improper interference with the affairs of
the Government to which he is delegated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The quesiion is on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of this subject until to-moirow.
Mr. COOPER. All I have to say, will be said
in a minute. I am very sorry to trespass upi.n
the time designed to be occupied by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, but I wish merely to say
a few words, and the subject may be entirely dis-
posed of. I had no apprehension, sir, that I
should awaken so much feeling as seems to. have
been manifested, by the remarks in which I in-
dulged, relative to the correspondence which was
brought to the notice of the Senate yesterday. I
am always willing to be lectured "by those whose
experience qualifies them, in their lectures, to im-
part information. But, sir, although I admit that
I need information on many subjects, I am inclined
to think that I always do best i'n representing my
constituents, when I follow the promptings of my
own heart, and the dictates of my own judgment
Sir, although I have not had the honor of repre-
senting my country abroad, I know what is the
usual course of proceeding on the part of diplo-
matists. I do not know it from having practically
seen it, or from having piactised it myself, but
from my reading; and, sir, 1 have yet to learn any
case that is at all analogous to the present,
Mr. FOOIE. Will the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania allow me to interrupt him for a
moment?
Mr. COOPER. Certainly.
Mr. FOO TE. I simply suggest this as an ex-
cuse for the British Minister, which I am sure trie
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania will receive
kindly. He seems to have forgotten the fact, that
a very leading statesman of this country—I refer
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Webster,]—several years
ago, in a very formal and deliberate manner, in u
speech which I presume the Senator from Penn-
sylvania must recollect was very much comment-
ed on at the time in the various newspapers of the
country, and I suppose also in the newspapers of
Europe, proposed the regulation of these whole
subjects of imposts upon foreign productions, by
treaty. Wow, sir, this subject being very freely
discussed in this country, it seems to me that the
British Minister might have been encouraged at
least to make the suggestion) in reference to one or
two small articles.
Mr. COOPER. I do recollect it; and I recollect
that the suggestion was not adopted by the coun-
try. It would be adopting a system of policy en-
tirely uncongenial to our institutions. This is h
subject which exclusively belongs to the represent-
atives of the people of this country. It differs in
that respect from the same subject, as it concerns
all other countries of Europe, except it be England
and France, and therefore it was that I chose to
indulge m the strain of remark.
And what, I will ask the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, was there so exceedingly indec-
orous in my remarks > The word " impertinent"
was the most harsh word which I used in refer-
ence to it. Now, what does that word mean in its
strict and proper sense? Why, .1 regaid it as
simply meaning, that the British Minister was
meddling with a subject which did not at all be-
long to the Executive to regulate, but which be-
longed entirely to the Congress of the United
States to regulate. Now, sir, after all that has
been said about trie impropriety of my r marks,
and all that has been said by the honorable Sena-
tors around me, of their regret for what I did say,
I must conclude by saying, that I would not
withdraw a single word of what I have said, and,
if necessary, 1 would say it over again.
Mr. BERRIEN. Two things, Mr. President,
have been presented to my mind, calculated equally
to acquit the British Minister of any impropriety
in making this communication, and the President
of the United States in submitting it for the con-
sideration of Congress. I suppose it will be a
conceded proposition, that the action of any one
Government, which is calculated to affect the inter-
ests of other Governments and people, is a proper
subject of communication between the two Gov-
ernments. Now, if the legulation of the rate of
duties, or framing of the tanff, had been subject to
the treaty-making power, it will not be doubted
that the British Minister, or the Minister of any
other Government might, with perfect propriety,
have communicated with the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government, to which the treaty-
making power belonged, and that the suggestions,
views, and feelings of his own Government upon
that subject so communicated, would not have
been characterized by impropriety. But, inas-
much as the power of regulating the tariff appro-
priately belongs to the legislative department of
the Government, it is supposed that in communi-
cating with the Executive on this subject, an im-
propriety has been committed.
Mr. President, I think there is fallacy in this,
if the proposition be true, that the action of a
Government, in whatever department it is calcu-
lated to affect the interests of other nations, may
be a proper subject of communication. Then
it only remains to reflect, that the minister of a
foreign Government has no other means to com-
municate with the legislative department of the
Government, but through the Executive, the
President of the United States. If this'had be-
longed to the treaty-making power, the commu-
nication would have been made to the President
ot the United States, and he, in the exercise of
his appropriate powers, would have considered it;
but, inasmuch as it belongs to the legislative de-
partment, and inasmuch as theie is no medium of
communication between a foreign minister and
that department, but the Executive, in my humble
judgment the communication has been properly
made, and properly communicated to Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish merely
