1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DANIEL was recognized, and moved a
call of the House.
Mr. STANTON,of Kentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER counted the House and an-
nounced—ayes 31, noes 121.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question, "Shad there be a call of the
House?" was then taken, and resulted—yeas 39,
nays 143; as follow;
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown.
Burt, Ciingmaii, W. It. VV. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Ed-
mundson, Feathersion, Hammond, Haralson, Sampson W.
Harris, Holladay, Holmes, Hubbard, inge, Joseph YV. Jack-
son, Hubert W. Johnson, La S6r«, McQueen, Meade, Mill-
son, Mojse, Morton, Orr, Parker, Phelps, Powell. Seddou,
Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, and Woodward—
NAYS—Messrs. Alfoertsnn, Alexander, Anderson, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bisseli,
Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, W, J.
Brown, Bunows, T, B. Butler, Joseph Cabin, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Canter,
Ca^ey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Dcberry,
Dickey, Disney, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Nathan Evan«, Ewing, Pitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gentrv, Gid-
dings, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton,
Hampton, fiailun, Isham G. Hanis, Thomas L. Hams,
Hay, Raymond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagland, Hous-
ton, Howard, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, George G, King, James G.
Kinjf, John A. King-, Preston King, Loftier, Lutlefield,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mattoson, McDonald,
McDowell, McGaughey, McKissock, MoLanahan, Robert
M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Meacham,
Moore, Morehead, Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Out-
law, Peaslee, Peck, Plujenix, Pitman, Potter, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Ross, Rumsey, Sackeu, Sawtelle, Sehenck, ycheimtrhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, JSpaulding, Sprague, Stan-
ly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweelser, Taylor, James
Thompson, Underhill, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins,
Wentworih, White,'"Whiulcscy, Wildrick, Williams, Wil-
mot, Wilson, Wood, and Young—143,
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, desired to inquire
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
whether he would not withdraw the demand for
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw ?
Mr. JONES. I have no feeling on this subject,
nor do I care anything about the rule.
Mr. INGE. 1 submit, that no remarks are in
order, and that the gentleman must either with-
draw the previous question or not.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. JONES. Well, if the House is disposed
to debate the question, let it do so. 1 withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question is withdrawn.
Mr. McLANE. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. McLAiNTE was proceeding to speak 
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and said, I cat! for the
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet expired. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McLANE. When the resolution was first
reported, I supposed, merely from hearing it read,
that it was a virtual repeal of the five minutes
rule. I supposed riot only that it was a virtual re-
peal of that rule, but that in effect it deprived the
committee of an opportunity to explain, or con-
sider any portion of a bill of any amendment to
it, except that which might be immediately pend-
ing. I am now satisfied, from examination, that
so far as concerns discussion upon a bill or any
proposed amendment, the rule does not at all
preclude debute, it merely reaches this point-
that if a member proposes an amendmenf he can-
not, as we are in the habit of doing, withdraw it
for the purpose of having it renewed for a speech
to be made upon that, or some other subject, by
some other member. I now see, and 1 call the at-
tention of gentlemen to this fact, that under this
rule, it will be competent, as it is now, for a
member to move an amendment and to speak to
it, arid that it does not propose to prevent a mem*
ber moving an amendment at any stage of the pro-
ceedings on the bill. The report does not contem-
plate any limitation of time, although I am free
to say, that on hearing it read, I thought it did
Mr. INGE interposed. The proposed amend-
ment contemplates that there may be two speeches
on each amendment—onefor and another against it.
Mr. McLANE, (proceeding.) So far from re-
garding it as a limitation of time, I perceive that
the amendment allows ten minutes' debate rather
than five minutes, as at present. 1 might be al-
lowed to say, that 1 do not see that it accomplishes
any purpose whatsoever, and I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jo^es] to give his attention
to that point. The amendment does not confine
the debate any more to jhe pending amendment or
proposition than the parliamentary law now con-
fines it. If, under the general paihamentary law,
it is in order, in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the'Union, upon a pending amendment, to
debate as largely as upon the bill itself, it would
be stiil in order for a member to speak five minutes
for it, and another member five minutes against it,
and to discuss the state of the Union generally.
Mr. CL1NGMAN rose, und was understood to
submit, that the morning hour had now expired.
Mr. VINTON suggested, that if the House
should now leave this question, it would go over
as unfinished business, and that would be the last
of it.
Mr. McLANE said, that he could hear neither
thaisuggestion of the gentleman from Worth Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] nor of the gentleman trom
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
Mr. VINTOjN repeated his remark.
Mr. CLINUMAN submitted to the Speaker,
whether this subject (if the House should now
proceed to other business) would not come up as
unfinished business when the committees should
next be called for reports.
The SPEAKER. When a bill is reported from
a committee, and no motion is made to reler, so as
to keep the bill the business or the morning hour,
it goes upon the Speaker's table; and the Chair
has given the same direction, under similar circum-
stances, to reports of this character. It a motion
is made to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that motion, if pending
at the time the House passed to other business,
would make it the first business m order; and
when the committees shall be again called for re-
ports, this subject would come up as the unfinished
business.
Mr. INGE. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that the morning hour has now expired.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I do not under-
stand that the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] desires me to give way for a mo-
tion that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Oniun. The
only effect of such a motion, if the House should
agree to it, would be to leave this as the pending
business, and thus block up the business of the
committee during the morning hour. 1 am for
disposing of tile matter finally. The remarks I
had made before 1 was interrupted by the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] were
addressed, not only to the gentleman who leport-
ed this amendment, but to all those gentlemen
who are disposed to give a just and fair interpreta-
tion to the rule. The amendment does not re-
strain the operation of the rule as to time, but does
in fact enlarge it, by giving ten minutes instead of
five. And it will be impossible for the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to limit the
debate beyond that point to which it is already
limited by the general parliamentary law.
Mr. INGE, (interposing.) Did the Speaker
say, in answer to the inquuy which 1 just made,
that the morning hour had expired?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so said.
Mr. INGE. Then i move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business oil the Speak-
er's table.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of business oil the Speaker's table.
Mr. McLANE,of Maryland, resumed the floor.
Mr. BAYLY requested the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] to give way for a motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE. I will certainly give way for that
motion. 1 do not wish to occupy the time of the
House. I merely wish it should be understood that
I retain my right to the floor, and that I shall in-
sist upon.
A brief conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr. McLANE yielded the floor to
Mr. BAYLY, who said: I rise to appeal to the
House, whilst I can do so in order, to go into Gofti-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The debate on the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill is to terminate on Friday, and I think
good faith requires 
Mr. ASHMUN and Mr. McCLERNAND si-
multaneously rose to order.
The SPEAKER, remarking that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was not in order, re-
cognized—
Mr. McCLERNAND, who said that lie had
risen to a point of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the House Resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is it in order for the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to proceed
with his remarks?
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] that his remarks weve out
of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. A motion has been made
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
motion is fiisi in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the yeas and nays
on that motion; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 73, nays 102; as follow :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Avereit, Bayly, Bealfl,
Bingham, Booth, Bowdou, Bowie, Bo\d, AlbertG Brown
W. J. Brown, Burt,G. A, Caldwell, Chngirran, W K. w!
Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Duer, tetiniumison, i^winy, Fealber-
ston, Guiding*, Hammond, Haralson, I. G. Harris, si. W
Harris, Haymond, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Houston"
Howard, Hubbard, Inge, J. W. Jackson. Andrew Johnson'
James li. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr*
l'reston King, La Sere, Matte.son, Robert M. McLane'
McQueen, McWillie, Mitlson, Morris, Morse, Morton, On*
Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Phelps Poller, Powell, Savage'
Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, Tharideus Stevens, Thomas'
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Venable, IValihn'
Wallace, Watkms, WiJdnck, Wilmot, and Woodward—73!
NAT«—Meters. Albei't-on, Alexander, Ashman, Bay,
Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Breck, Brigjrs, Brooks, Burrows
Thomas B. Butle-, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvm;
Campbell, Cartlcr, Gusey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Oorwjn,
Crowell, Deberiy, nickey, Disney, Dntv, Duncan, Dunham,
Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gentry
Gorman, Gott,Gould, Grinne ,HalIoway, Hampton, Harlan,
Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, William '
T. Jackson, George G. King, James G King, John A. King,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, McClernand,
McDonald, McGaughey, Meacham, Moore, Nelson, Ogle,
Old«, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Rf vnolrts Rich-
ardson, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose. Ross, Ruro-
sey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenek, Sehernierhorn, Sehool-
crafl, Silvester, Spanlding, Sprague, Stanly, St, t on, strong,
Sweetser, Taylor. Janus Thompson. Underbill, Van Dvke,
Vinton, Waldo, Wemworth, Wtnte, Whillle0ey, Williams,
Wilson, Wood, and Young 102.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the W hole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McLANE resumed the floor. When he
gave way to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr;
Bayly] to make the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole ore the state of the Union, he said
he had been calling the attention of the House to
the fact, that this rule did not accomplish the limit-
ation of time intended. This, he was sure,
would not be desired by the gentlemen who had
reported it. The object was to provide some
limitation of time, to prevent the abuse of a rule
which had been acceptable to the House during
the two Congresses in which it had been in exist-
ence. Now it seemed to him—and he submitted
to those gentlemen who had reported the. rule,
that they extracted from the existing rule all its
virtues, without accomplishing the object which
they had in view. They only required those gen-
tlemen, who desired to continue a debate under
the five minutes rule to be a little more particular
in framing their amendments, so as to avoid con-
flict with any other amendments which might
have been offered, and to have proper reference to
the particular section under consideration. If the
section should happen to be an important one—in-
volving an appropriation, say of five millions of dol-
lars, certainly there would be a range wide enough
for offering amendments; they might go down
from five millions to one million and even to one
dollar, and all these amendments would tbe in
order, and could be debated each for ten min-
utes. In this way the questions of California,
