4*74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
printed, and that, too, mainly for the purpose of
answering the more immediate calls of inventors,
to whom it was more especially interesting. That
was his judgment now. There should be printed
a moderate number of what had already been sent
in, so that those who were more immediately in-
terested in the subject of which it treats, could be
supplied; and then, when the agricultural portion
should have been sent in, the whole should be
printed and bound together, and sent out to the
country together, as one entire document, as it is.
When bound together, the volume would not, as
he. understood, exceed seven or eight hundred
pages, and both, because he desired to economize
in the expense of printing, as well as to send the
report abroad in the form that shall be the most
satisfactory to those among whom it was to be
distributed, he would not have it divided.
Mr. C. said they had already provided, that all
documents of this character should be bound; and
he understood that the binding cost about twelve
and a half cents per volume. If bound separately,
the first part would make but a very thin volume,
while the expense of binding it would be as much
per copy as it would cost to bind both parts in one
volume. Gentlemen would, therefore, see that
little or nothing could be saved in expense, as the
demand for the larger portion would r>e just about
as great with, as without, the thirty thousand
copies of the smaller portion, which it was pro-
posed to print; and the expense of binding that
number, will pay for printing as many copies of
the fifdt part, as was equal to the number they were
likely to order of the t)ther.
But he was not in favor of acting on the question
of pruning the agricultural portion of the docu-
ment at this time. U had not, as he had already
said, been communicated to the House, and there
was, therefore, no propriety in ordering it now to
be printed. Let us, said he, print a limited num-
ber of the first part, and when the second part
shall have been sent in, it would be soon enough
to decide how many copies of that should he
printed and bound with the other. For himself,
he would say, that he would be in favor of print-
ing a liberal, generous number.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, said, if this were
a simple Pdtent-Oilice report, it would very prop-
erly be bound m one volume; but, as had been
stated, the report was in two divisions—one rela-
ting to agriculture, the other to mechanics. Now,
in tins division proposed by the Committee on the
Patent Office, and by ihe Patent Office itself, we
saw the germ of the agricultural bureau. He did
not know as he was especially hostile to this, es-
pecially as resolutions had passed the Legislature
of Tennessee instructing their Senators and re-
questing their Representatives to exert their influ-
ence in favor of the establishment of this agricul-
tural bureau, but he had thought proper to point
out the object of this movement. He thought the
separation of the two points of the report right;
the two books ought not to he bound together,
inasmuch as they were distinct.
Mr. FOWLER inquired why the Committee
on Punting made the distinction, and proposed so
much a smaller number of the mechanical than of
the agricultural portion of the report t
Mr. McWILLIE replied, because the number
of persons engaged in mechanical pursuits through-
out the United States, was smaller than of persons
engaged in pursuits of agriculture.
Mr. FOWLER was understood to say, that last
year ninety thousand copies of the Patent-Officc
iej>011 weie ordered to be printed; and it was only
proposed to print seventy thousand now.
Mr. McWILLIE stated, that there would be
one hundred thousand of both parts of the report
printed, if the recommendations of the Committee
on Printing were followed.
Mr. FOWLER said, his opinion concurred with
that of the Committee on Punting as to adivision
of this report into two volumes. But they ought
to print, if not an equal number, a much larger
number than thirty thousand of the mechanical
part. Though the number of persons engaged in
the pursuits of agriculture was larger than the
number of those engaged in mechanical pursuits,
yet thirty thousand was not a number large enough
for the mechanical portion. He was written to
constantly by his constituents for the old reports.
He hoped the number would be enlarged. He
objected also to the delay proposed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Conger,] and urged
the importance of the House immediately deciding
what numbers of the two parts they would print,
so as to instruct the Committees on Engravings
and on Printing, as to the course they shouid take,
and to facilitate the publication of both parts of
the report.
Mr. FULLER mentioned, as one reason for the.
separate publication of the two parts, thefact, that
the mechanical was already prepared; whereas,
the agricultural was not, and would not be, in
three or four months. Another reason was, that
the report was too large to constitute one volume.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired of
the gentleman, [Mr. Fuller,] if the Committee on
Printing had estimated the cost of the whole print-
ing proposed by the resolutions?
Mr. FULLER replied, that that was impossible,
becauseone part of the report was not yet made up.
Mr. CONGER (Mr. Filler yielding for ex-
planation) repeated, that he desired simply to see
a limited number of this report published at
this time—sufficient to supply the more immediate
wants of inventors, and when the other part was
ready, to have both printed together—first, because
those who wanted the report, wished it entire;and,
second, on account of economy, as it would cost as
much to bind a small portion as to bind the whole
work.
Mr. FULLER replied, if only a few copies of
apart of the report were printed, and the publi-
cation of the rest suspended, the expense would
be increased. Thegendeman's proposition, there-
fore, would certainly not tend to economy.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw the demand,
to enable him (Mr. McL.) to move to recommit
the resolution.
Mr. BAYLY said he had no objection. He
would withdraw the motion if the gentleman would
renew it upon the motion to recommit.
Mr. McLANE declining to pledge himself to
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY adhered to that demand.
The question was taken by tellers—(Mr. Ven-
able and Mr. King of Rhode Island)—who re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 54.
So the demand for the previous question was
seconded.
The main question was ordered, viz., upon the
passage of the resolution, and being taken, was
decided in the negative—ayes 60, noes 69.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the vote.
After some inquiries and conversation on points
of order,
At the suggestion of Mr. Croivell,
Mr. McLANE moved to postpone the consid-
eration of the motion to reconsider until to-mor-
row.
Tlte motion was rejected—ayes 53, noes 67.
The motion to reconsider the vote, by which the
resolution was rejected, still remaining before the
House,
Mr. CHANDLER called for the reading of the
resolution, which was read.
Mr. McLANE said his object was to recom-
mit the resolution, with instructions to the Com-
mittee on Printing to report a resolution, providing
that not more than fi'tv thousand copies should be
printed—one hundred thousand copies would give
four or five hundred to each member of the House.
He objected to printing such large numbers, as an
indirect mode of conferring patronage upon them-
selves. No gentleman would deny, that it was
impossible to distribute four or five hundred
copies of this large bound book with impartiality
among his constituents. They could not confine
the distribution of so many copies to public insti-
tutions alone. Their correspondents daily called
for these books. Democrats received letters from
persons in other districts, asking for them, because
their Representative happened to be a Whig. He
knew this to be the case with himself and his col-
leagues; it was so with the House. That was not
very material. He only referred to it, to show
that this was a system of patronage, corrupt pat
ronage. He did not object to vote any proper
amount of money for documents ordered by Con-
gress in a proper way, but he did object to this
proposition, to distribute four or five hundred
copies of this large book in each district, among a
constituency of twelve to twenty thousand voters.
He was. therefore, in favor of reducing the num-
ber of copies to fifty thousand, and providing that
twenty-five thousand should be distributed by the
Clerk of the House. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] had introduced a resolution,
proposing that two copies of each document or-
dered to be printed by Congress, should be sent to
each county in every State. He would go farther,
and provide that one or- more should be sent to
every incorporated library. Thus twenty-five
thousand copies would be distributed by the Clerk,
and twenty-five thousand would be divided among
the members of the House, to be distributed by
them; and this would give one hundred copies to
each member. He submitted that that was
patronage enough. He would infinitely prefer
that two hundred thousand should be distributed
by the Clerk, to one hundred thousand by the
members. He would, therefore, move to recom-
mit xhe resolution, with instructions to the com-
mittee to report a resolution embodying these
views.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor—
The SPEAKER stated, that the motion to re-
commit with instructions, was not now in order,
as the motion to reconsider was pending.
Mr. BAYLY said that, the proposed instruc-
tions of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] were a complete non-sequitur to the
gentleman's speech. The gentleman had shown
that this growing patronage to members, in the
form of books, which they could not distribute
impartially, was wrong, and the proper conclusion
from that argument would have been, to reject the
resolution.
Mr. McLANE explained, that his proposition
would reduce the number by one-half.
Mr. BAYLY replied, therefore it would be but
half as objectionable; but it involved the same
principle and the same abuse against which the
gentleman had spoken. He (Mr. B.) was opposed
in part, for the reasons which had been stated by
the gentleman from Maryland, to the reprinting of
this report. But there were other reasons; he
held in his hand a reprint of the first half by the
" Tribune" establishment in New York, which
had furnished the second half as soon as it was
submitted to Congress. (By way of parenthesis,
he would say that it was a beautiful commentary
upon the present system of Congressional printing,
that they first received the public documents printed
through private enterprise.) This copy cost
twenty-five cents, he was informed; every person
in the United States who wanted the report could
afford to pay twenty-five cents for it. There was,
; therefore, no propriety in publishing it at the ex-
I pen«e of the Government. But the expense to the
; Government did not stop with its publication;
there was the farther expense of envelopes and of
transportation. In other words, the Government
paid a price entirely disproportioned to the value
received. He was therefore opposed to the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. WHITE said he was willing to take the
responsibility of printing this document, and the
largest number. It was a document sought for by
the industrious and enterprizing classes through-
out the community before all others. For the last
two years, these classes had received but little
benefit from Congress. lie hoped this infoima-
tion would be furnished them. Pie should there-
fore vote for the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FOWLER hoped the motion to reconsider
would prevail, and for the object indicated by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] to
recommit to the Committee on Printing. But
instead of instructing the committee to report
in favor of printing 50,000 copies, he was in
favor of instructing them to report for the printing
of 100,000 copies, and he would print the two
parts together. The gentleman from Maryland
had spoken of this report as of little value 
Mr. McLANE explained that the gentleman
had entiiely misapprehended his n marks, and
that he had made not the remotest allusion to the
value of the report.
Mr. FOWLER received the correction with
pleasure. He (Mr. F.) believed that no docu-
ment was sent forth to the country, so well calcu-
lated to produce the best results, as this report from
the Patent Office. To begin retrenchment by re-
fusing to disseminate public information, was be-
ginning at the wrong end. The interests of agri-
culture had not been regarded by Congress, as they
deserved to be regarded. Let them diffuse inform-
