1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 13.
New Mexico, the whole of*our system of marine,
and almost any other subject might be discussed
at pleasure. The rule, therefme, wouid have no
effect whatever to restrain debate—to provide, if
they pleased, against abuses of the five minutes
rule—:'or he thpught it was an abuse of that rule
to use it merely to consume time and not to dis-
cuss the merits of the amendment.
This wus his immediate objection to this report.
It extracted from the five minutes rule all that was
excellent in it—all that had made it a favorite rule
■with this House. Gentlemen, weaned out with a
general discussion, approached this discussion
with interest. They knew they could have not
only five minutes, but four or five times five min-
utes ta discuss the particular question under con-
sideration. That rule, he said, was regarded with
favor by the House. The committee did- not pro-
pose to repeal it, doubtless because the majority
were in favor of the rule. If the object was to
limit or terminate debate, why not repeal the
rule? Why extract from it all that was good,
and leave only that which would give rise^to the
same abuses and the same evils which now ex-
isted? He would not vote to repeal the rule. He
would move to recommit the report to the Com-
mittee on Rules, with instructions 
Mr. ASHMCJN addressed the Speaker.
Mr. Mi LANE still remained upon the floor.
Mr. INGE appealed to the gentleman from
Mafylam! to yield the floor.
Mr. McLANE expressed his willingness to
yield.
Mr. DUER raised the point of order, that the
gentleman from Maryland had concluded his re-
marks, and the, gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ashmujt.] having addressed the Chair, was
entitled to the floor. The gentleman from Mary-
land could not give the floor to the gentleman from
Alabama.
Some conversation followed on the point of or-
der, which was terminated by
Mr. McLANE declining to yield the floor to
Mr. Inge, and, in conclusion, moving to recom-
mit the report to the Committee on Rules, with
instructions to that committee to report to the
House the mode and manner of the enjoyment of
the five minutes rule according to strict parliament-
ary law.
"Mr. INGE said: Under the 34th rule of this
House, after the termination of the general debate,
any member may offer an amendment to the
pending measure, and speak five minutes in expla-
nation. The practice under that rule, of with-
drawmgand renewing amendmentsadmitb of gieat
latitude of debate within a narrow limitation of
time. The propoted amendment in effect repeals
the rule, and destroys us spirit, making the gag of
the majority upon the minority insufferably strin-
gent. How this amendment could have origin-
ated in a committee whose appropriate business it
is to investigate the rules and adapt them to the
ends of fair and just legislation, 1 am unable to
determine. How the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jo.vets,] the Representative of a slaveholdmg
constituency, and therefore presumed to sympa-
thize with the snuggling minoity of this Jtiouse,
could have been made the instrument of reporting
this proposition, I confess myself wholly at a loss
to understand. Sir, the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] and the gentleman fiom Texas
[Mr. KaufmanJ are members of that committee,
and 1 beg to know if they assented to its adop-
tion, or authorized the course of the member?
Of this i know nothing, but 1 venture to predict
that they would have indignantly spurned the vi-
carious discharge of an office, which none other
than a northern man could, with my views of pro-
priety, undertake. No, sir. Let the majority do
their own work of insult and aggression, which
they are ever ready to intrust to southern men
who will offer their cooperation.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
says that the object of the amendment cannot be
attained by its adoption. This may be true, but
the proposition is not less offensive because it is
ineffectual. The open, avowed object is to take
from us the miserable vestige of parliamentary
rights which the majority have been kind enough
to leave us—the poor privilege of speaking live
minutes upon the most momentous questions which
have ever agitated this country and the world.
When we reach a vote upon any proposition, we
are powerless in their grasp; and this amendment
is intended to bring us speedily to that point where
resistance necessarily ends in the triumph of ag-
gression. But, sir, 1 indulge the hope that even
northerh Representatives will refuse to sanction
the absurdities which this amendment contains.
It confines debate to two members, to the exclu-
sion of two hundred and twenty-nine, who are
constrained mutely to listen to what they are not
permitted to oppose or approve. Has this House
the right, or can it be deqpned proper, to make this
odious and invidious distinction among constitu-
tional equals? Again: the first who speaks must
advocate, and the second oppose, the amendment
under consideration. Sir, it would be imputing
to you quite too much penetration, to expect you
to know, before a member opened his mouth,
whether he intended to approve or oppose a pend-
ingamendment, and thus it involves the monstrous
absurdity of requiring you to determine a mem-
ber's right to the floor, before the fact is known
upon which yourdecwion is made to depend. We
have every day speeches of an hour which take
neither side of a question; and how is it to be ex-
pected that before a member opens his lips, that
you can determine whether he is for or against an
amendment ?
' With these obvious objections, I must say that
northern men should feei themselves constrained
to discountenance this unworthy attempt to man-
aelethe minority. I am opposed to the restrictious
upon debate under the existing rules. 1 hold that
the member's right to speak is necessarily implied
from his right to vote,and should be as inviolable.
From the progressive tendency of our adversaries,
it is perhaps not unieasonable to anticipate a prop-
osition to limit the right of voting upon certain
propositions to two or three of their own number:
that would be merely an application of the same
principle to a different subject. Certainly my only
hope of their forbeurance is m the fact ihat they
have already a majority, sufficiently large and sub-
servient to their purposes.
In the absence of all others, one consideration
alone would determine me strenuously to oppose
this amendment—the precedent which it would es-
tablish. Under the Constitution and the existing
rules of the House, it is in the power of the minor--
Uy to delay indefinitely the adoption of any meas-
ure which we may regard as insulting and aggres-
sive. Divest us of this shield of defence, and we
must surrender at discretion. Permit this prece-
dent to be established, and the Committee on
Rules will soon favor us with other and more effect-
ual amendments, until the work of spoliation is
complete. At this time, and under existing cir-
cumstances, I shall cling to the rules as they are,
protesting against ali amendments. They are an
impregnable breastwoik, behind which we may
successfully defend our cheiished rights, and
against which the unwieldy weight of the majority
may dash itself in vain.
Mr. ASHMUN said, he did not rise to prolong
the debate. He supposed that the purpose of gen-
tlemen filing off this morning against the previous
question was to allow the addresses to be made to
the House which they had heard from.the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] and the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge.] They now
had all the lights which those gentlemen were able
to furnish. He should not undertake to argue the
point; nor should he undertake, in behalf of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to leply
to the lecture so handsomely read to him by the
gentleman from Alabama, as to his [Mr. Jones]
being instrumental—(he believed that was the
word)—his being the tool in the. hands of the com-
mittee, to inflict such an outrage upon southern
rights. He could merely say he (Mr. A.) was
present when this resolution was adopted; that
there were present three gentlemen representing
northern, and two gentlemen representing southern
constituencies, and that the committee were unan-
imous m their recommendation. His object was
to terminate this unprofitable debate. He there-
fore moved the previous question.
Mr. HOLMES demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER reminded ihe gentleman that
the yeas and nays were not in order upon the
question of seconding the demand.
Pending the question,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that there
be a call of the House, that there might be a full
vote, he said, upon this question, and iieasked the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DUER. 1 wish to ask, if the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union——
Mr. McCLERNARD interposed to a point of
order.
Mr. DUER. I am stating a point of order.
My point has the preference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will proceed.
Mr. DUER. 1 ask, in case the House go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
if this question will come up to-morrow morning; ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise toa pointof order.
I wish to know whether the inquiry which the
gentleman is making is a point of order ?
The SPEAKER. There is no pointof order
submitted by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then 1 object to his
proceeding fun her.
The SPEAKER, (continuing,) but it is fre-
quently allowed to a gentleman to ask what will
be the effect of taking a certain vote, and there is
usually no objection to the Speaker's replying for
the benefit of the gentleman and of the House.
In the opinion of the Chair,if, pending the motion
to recommit, the House go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the report of the
Committee on Rules will be the first business in
order whenever the House proceed to call the
committees for reports.
The question, "Shall there be a call of the
House?" was then taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 39, nays 125; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown,
Burt, George A. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Clirigman, Wil-
liamson k. W. Cobb, Oolouek, Ei^numbon, FeatUer-
bton, Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, Holladay, Holmes,
Hubi'aid, Inge. Jor-epti W. Jackson, Robert W. John-
son, La Sere, McD"wHI, McMullen, McQueen, MeWillie,
Milisoiu Motion, Oir, Owtn, Parker, Powell, Seddon,
Kieliaid II. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Tlioinp.-on, Venable,
Wallace, Wellborn, and Wooduaid—o9.
NAYS—Met-sis?. Albeiisou, Alexander, Anderson, Ashe,
Ashmun, B.tyly, Beale. Bennet, Bingham, Bi-sell, B«.kee,
Booth, Bowie, Bu>d, Brooks, Burrows, Thomas B.
Builer. Jtfecpii Cable, Joseph P. Caldivt II, Campbell, Ca ler,
Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Cor win, Crowell, D^bei ry, Dickey,
jjisnty, Doiy, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Nathan Evans,
Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Fuiler, GidUmg>, Gorman, Gott,
Gould, GriuiiUI, Hallovva), Hamilton, Hampton, l&hnni G.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Havmoud, Hebaid, Hen-
iy, Hibbard, William T. J.tcksam, Jame> L. Johnson, Joi e3«
Kaufman, George G. King, James G. King, John A King,
I'nMon King, Lt-ffler, LiUitfteid, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
M irsliall, Matteson, Mi demand, Mt Gauglie\, Mi Kt&*ock,
McL malian, Robert M. McLane,Meacham, Moore, Mor-
ns, Nelson, O^le, Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Pea-lee, Peck,
Phflpsj, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Reynolds, Richardson,
Kisiey, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose, Ro-s, Runisey, Savage,
Sawtelle, Sehenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcrait, Shep-
perd, Silvester, Spauldins, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweeiser, Ta>lor, James Thomp-
son, Underbill, Van D>kn, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins, Went-
worth, White, Whitile-ey, Wildrick, Williams, Wiluiot,
Wilson, and Young—125
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. BAYLY. As this report will come up as
the unfinished business of the morning hour to-
morrow, when the House will be in better humor
than it is at present, 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The question was taken, and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 65, noes 53.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee df
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the current fiscal
year.
Mr. SEDDON was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour, upon the
subject of the message of the President on the
Texas boundary question. Recognizing the spirit
of conciliation, which characterized a portion of
the message, he strongly condemned the principles
and positions which it asserted. [A report of the
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ASHM UN then obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed—
The committee rose, and reported progress,
And the House adjourned.
PETITION, Sec.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of O. B. A«hmun
and 57 others, of Chainplain, Clinton county, N-w ¥o;k,
asking for the adoption of peaceful measures tor the set-
tlement of difficulties between nations as a fcubsutute lor
war.
