THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1850.
New Series No. 99.
JN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 13, 1850.
Mr. DICKINSON" presented a memorial from
citizens of Yerba city, on Feather river, California,
setting forth that they as well as the whole mining-
population of the country are greatly inconven-
ienced by there being no other port of entry than
San Francisco on the waters of that bay; that the
entire commerce around them is carried on in ves-
sels of a small size, unfit to navigate the bays of
San Pueblo and San Francisco, and urgently re-
questing that Benicia be opened to foreign trade,
it being easily reached from the sea by the largest
ships, whereby they may be enabled to procure
their supplies without bein<r exposed to a naviga-
tion which must of necessity be carried on by a
class of vessels utterly unfit to encounter the strong
winds of the bays before mentioned; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the
proceedings of the Medical and Chirurgical Fac-
ility of Maryland, on the subject of assigning
rank to the medical officers of the Navy; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of Mrs.
Lewright Browning, widow of Robert L. Brown-
ing, asking to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the proceedings of
the Oneida Clerical Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church, opposing the enactment of any
law sanctioning or recognizing the existence of
slavery in the Territories of the United States;-
whieh was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from the Union Quarterly Meet-
ing of the Freewill Baptists of Canandaigua, New
York, urging upon Congress, first the immediate
passage of a law forbidding the practicc of com-
pulsory heathenism in the United States; and
second that a law be enacted immediately to se-
cure to any missionary appointed by this quarterly
meeting the privilege of teaching the already com-
pulsory heathen of the United States to read the
Bible, under the protection of the General Govern-
ment; which was-ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EWING presented the proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Cleveland, Oluo, m rela-
tion to steamboat disasters on the western lakes
and rivers, embodying a great number of interest-
ing facts, and making important suggestions in re-
lation to the subject; setting forth that in the last
ten years nearly a thousand lives have been sacri-
ficed, and -not one of them by casualties which
could not have been averted by good judgment in
the construction of steamers, and proper care and
watchfulness in their navigation. The proceedings
are accompanied by a memorial asking certain
amendments to the act of July 7, 1838, providing
for the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, as'will secure that object; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee of Public
Lands, to which was recommitted Senate bill No.
136, being the'bill to reduce and define the bounda-
ries of the Military Reserve at St. Peter's river, in
the Territory of Minnesota, and to secure the
rights of the actual settlers thereon, with an amend-
ment, reported back the same with an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. DAVLS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was recommitted
bill No. 284, being the bill to amend an act to pro-
vide for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled m whole or in
part by steam, reported back the same with amend-
ments; which were ordeied to be printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committeeof Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of James F.
Babcock, administrator of the estate of Major
Frederick D. Mills, asking -compensation for a
horse, equipment, and other property which fell
into the hands of the enemy at the gates of Mex-
ico, submitted a report in writing, which was or-
dered to be printed,-accompanied by a bill for the
99
relief of the administrator of Major Frederick D\
Mills, which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee of Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
message of the President communicating the first
part of the results of investigations by Henry R.
Schoolcraft, appointed under the act of March 3,
1847, to collect and digest sach statistics and ma-
terials as may illustrate the history, the present
condition,.and future prospects of the Indian tribes
of the United States, reported in favor of printing
the same; which was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WINTHROP gave notice that he would,
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of Charles A. Kel-
lett.
OpEAN STEAMERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
following resolution, and asked its immediate con-
sideration:
" Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed to
communicate to the Senate such information hp pos-.es-?-
es in regard to the several .lines of ocean steamers m the
maill service of the United States, in the following partic-
ulars:
" First. Has each line fulfilled the contract entered .into
with the United States; if not, in what does the delinquen-
cy consist?
" Second. How many ship*: are in the service in each line,
and how many does each contiact n-quire ?
" Third. How much money lias been paid to each line,
under what laws, and at what tunc?, and how much le-
mains to be paid ?
" Fourth. What is the a<r2ie<*atp of postasre which has
bf-en derived to tin- Government (mm each hue, and what
is the annual amount realized from each?
"Fifth. Have the mails bu-n lfgulaiiy and safely trans-
ported and delivered, according to the requirements of the
law and the instructions of the Department?"
The resolution was laid over, under the rule.
INVALID PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. GrREENE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Senate bill 49, being
an act to authorize the payment of invalid pensions
in certain cases.
Mr. GREENE. I will, with the permission of
the Senate, make a brief statement which will ex-
.plain the object of this bill. By the act of 1828,
granting certain pensions to revolutionary officers
and soldiers, it was requited that the pensions of
those who were already on the pension roll should
be deducted, from a certain time therein mentioned
down to the time when they should receive pen-
sions under that act. By an act of 1830, the sec-
ond section requiring that deduction was repealed.
The persons who applied for pensions under the
act of 1828 were nine, and from their pensions the
amount of their invalid pensions was in every in-
stance deducted. Two of those persons have
since, by petition to Congress, been repaid the
amount which was thus deducted. There are seven
who still remain unpaid. Among those seven are
the representatives of General Barton, formerly of
Rhode Island, and who is well known in the his-
tory of the country as the captor of General Pres-
cott, a gallant achievement, performed on Nar-
ragansett bay, by General Barton, with about forty
men, under extraordinary circumstances of diffi-
culty and danger, which, at the time, was so
highly regarded by Congress that he was present-
ed with a sword. He, like many other of the
officers and soldiers of the Revolution, was obliged
to avail himself of the liberality of Congress in
his old age, and he died, as many others of them
died, in comparative penury. It was on the peti-
tion of his son that this biii was reported. It was
deemed advisable, I believe, by the Commissioner
of Pensions, that instead of confining the bill to
the case of General Barton's heirs, it uhould em-
brace the whole number of persons similarly situ-
ated. There are, as I have already stated, seven
cases remaining besides the two who have been
already paid. The bill was reported in that form
from the committee, and the report was accompa-
nied by the recommendation of the Commissioner
of Pensions. On the second reading of the bill m
this Chamber, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] objected to the passage of it, upon
the ground that it might possibly include a larger
number than the number named in the list fur-
nished by the Commissioner of Pensions, and the
bill was laid aside. With a vipw of meeting that
objection, my colleague, [Mr. Clarke,] who had
the bill in charge, has piepared an amendment,
which 1 now propose, and which varies the bill
only in this respect, that it inserts the names of
those persons to whom repayment has not been
made, and substitutes for the Secretary of War the
Secretary of the Interior. I now move that the
bill be amended, by striking all out after the en-
acting clause and inserting the substitute which I
send to the Chair, and which I hope will receive
the approbation of the Senate.
"That the Secretary ot the Interior t^e and he is hereby
directed to allow and pay to Robert White, John Crute,
Mordeeai Hale, William Wallace, Philip Steuart, William
Barton, iftid Ciement SewaU, pensioners on the revolution-
ary invalid pension roll, the amount of their several invalid
pensions; from the third day of March* 1826, to the 31st day
of May, 1830 5 during which tune the said pensions were
withheld or dreontmued, in consequence, of their taking
the benefit of the act entitled < an act for the relief of certain
officers and soldiers of the army of the Revolution,* passed
the 15th of May, 1828.
"Sec. 2. Be if* That in case of either of the said pen-
sioners who was on the invalid roll on said third day of
March, J826, hap died since that time, the amount of I119
invalid pennon which would have been due at the time of
his death, according to the provi-ions of the fiist section of
this act, shall be paid to hin widow, if tlieie l>e a widow,
and if there he no widow living, then to his children."
The amendment was read and agreed to.
There being no further proposition to amend—
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a thi-rd reading.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 merely wish to gain in-
formation upon one point As I understand it,
by the act of 1823 these officers received pensions
which had existed prior to that time under some
preceding act. They were without pensions at
no time, but now they wish to increase their pen-
sions 
Mr. GREENE, if the Senator will allow me I
will explain. The second section of the act of
1828 provided:
" That whenever any of paid officers has received money
of the United States, as a pensiontr, since the third day of
March, 1^26, afnre.said, ihe sum so received shall he de-
ducted from what said officer would otherwise be entitled
to under the first section of this act; and every pension 10
which s.iui officer is now entitled shall cease after tire pas-
sage of this act."
And now, with the permission of the Senate, I
will read the act of 1830 :
" That the 2d section 01 ihe act entitled 'an act, for the
relief ot certain surviving officers and soldier* of the army
of the Revolution,5 uppioved loth May, 1828,shall not be
construed to embiaee invalid pensioners, and that the pen-
sion of invalid soldiers shall not be deducted from the
amount ieceivable by them under the said act. "
It will be perceived by the Senate that the mis-
fortune, if it may be so called, of General Barton
and the other persons named in this list, was that
their application was made under the act of 1828,
instead of being made under the act of 1830. Alt
those whose applications were deferred until after ■
the passage of the act of 1830 received the full
sum; their invalid pension for the period men-
tioned in the act was not deducted. The object
of this bill is to place General Barton and the other
seven who are yet unprovided for upon the same
footing with those who petitioned after the act of
1S30, und the ptecedent has been set already by
giv nig relief to two of the nine persons upon whom
the act of 1823 operated.
Mr. CADGER. The question is whether they
1 shall all fare alike. ,
I Mr. GREENE. The question simply is, to
; use the language of my friend fiom Noith Caro-
| lina, whethfer they shail all fare alike, or whether
! this one whom 1 ha\e particularly spoken of, and
. who, in addition to the jvound he received in the
! service of his country, achieved the gallant ex-
I ploit to which 1 have alluded—whether he and
; others shall be omitted and excepted from the
' bounty of the country?
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. I fiave but one word to
' say, sir. Prior to 1828 Congress legislated so as
; to give pensions to invalids who h.ad received
wounds during the revolutionary war. Under that
