1850.
TEtE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifc
475
ation upon the subject throughout thecountry. He
was in favor of publishing the two parts together,
because it would save expense, and because the
man who wanted the one part, also wanted the
other. If 100,000 copies were ordered and printed,
he would receive but about 400 copies to be dis-
tributed among all his constituents, most of whohi
were agriculturists or mechanics. He hoped that
the motion to reconsider would prevail, and that the
committee would be instructed to report in favor
of the printing of 100,000 copies, which their con-
stituents, all over the country, would justify.
Mr. TOOMBS expressed the hope, that the
motion to reconsider would not prevail, and con-
curred in the reasons stated by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] The reason that had
been assigned by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and other gentlemen in favor of the resolution,
was, that every body wanted thedocument. Was
it the business of Congress to print works to teach
the people upon their own interests? If they
adopted this principle, they might as well print any
other valuable book. If any man in his district
wanted this document, lethim buy it; he was against
publishing it at the expense of the whole people
when but few of them would be benefited. The
report might be valuable; but if it was like its
predecessor, it was not worth the paper upon
which it was printed. He was opposed to publish-
ing it here, at a large expense, to be franked home
by gentlemen, loading down the mails, for elec-
tioneering purposes.
He opposed the system on accoontof its unfavor-
able effects upon the system of cheap postage. A
good deal was said about the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege : he had no idea gentlemen would
deny themselves of this privilege; it would be de-
feated in some way or other. But if it were
abolished, these very constituents who were repre-
sented as so clamerous for this document, would
not pay the postage upon it. Thay could buy it
at the stores for a less sum.
His colleague [Mr. ] represented a constitu-
ency of twenty thousand voters. He would re-
ceive something like five hundred copies, which
would be one copy for every forty of his con-
stituents. A gentleman said that his constituents
would pay the expense; thirty-nine would pay it
for the fortieth who received the document.
The reason for printing public documents was
different from that on which gentlemen sought to
defend this printing. It was to inform the people
as to the action of their own Government in its
Executive and Legislative Departments. Confine
the public printing to this legitimate sphere, and
they would get their documents printed in time
for the action of Congress, upon the subjects
which they embraced, and for the early informa-
tion of the people, upon the action of their Gov-
eminent.
The printing of this one document, alone, by
the last Congress, had cost §40,000, and this, inde-
pendently of the expense of binding, which would
now be incurred—a sum equal to the expenses of
the Executive, Legislative, and Judiciary Depart-
ments of some States. He was utteily opposed
to this expensive system of book-making by Con-
gress. . i
Mr. CARTTER favored the reconsideration of ,
the lesolution, for reasons the very reverse of j
those which had been alleged by the gentleman ,
from Maryland, and others. Because all the j
people could not be furnished with this report, j
gentlemen had come to the grave conclusion that
none should be. All were aware that, by the pub-
lic documents which they ordered printed, at the
expense of the national treasury, they could not
enlighten every citizen of the United States, as to
the details of their legislation; but this was a poor
argument against then-sending forth, to thepeople,
any of the printed records of Congress.
It had been said, by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. McLanf.,] that this was a corrupt
system of patronage, and the means of imposing
upon their several constituencies. He (Mr. O.)
admitted, that they must choose to whom of their
constituents they would send the document, but
if the Representative was corrupt enough not to
exercise a sound discretion in this matter, let him
tell the o-entleman that the people were not such
fools as he took them to be: the Representative
would find that out at the next election. [A. laugh.J
But the idea of corrupting the people, by dis-
seminating information among them ! Let him
tell the gentleman, that this was done, and the
public money squandered, by passing these slimy
claims, which were urged upon Congress by spec-
ulators, or by creating sinecures in the various
public departments; but it was not by publishing
information. West of the mountains, the people
got nothing from the Government but intelligence.
Of the §30,000,000 which were annually taken from
the people, to supply the Treasury, why should
they not be permitted to receive back five mills on
the dollar, in the way of information ?
But he took issue with the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] in his argument, that this
was illegitimate information to be published by
Congress. The Patent Office was established to
guarantee the fruits of inventive genius, and to in-
form the people of what was done in the way of
inventions, and mechanical improvements. The
object of the Agricultural Bureau was, to gather
useful information, relative to the soils and crops
of the country, and to the interests of agriculture
generally. Yet, gentlemen would refuse this in-
formation, to effect a pitiful saving! Out of the
$30,000,000 which were squandered annually [a
laugh]—he was sroing to say—by this Govern-
ment, not two-and-a-half millions crossed the Al-
leghanies. It was unaccountable to him, that
gentlemen, who were found ready to vote their
thousands upon thousands into the pockets of
the broken-down offspring of illustrious sires, be-
cause he happened to be born of some of the "/—
&c., [a laugh] family of this Republic,
should object to this poor pittance, to spread
broadcast over the country, information which
pertained to the practical interests of the people.
He would vote for the printing of 100,000 copies,
and would be willing to duplicate the number, and
meet the responsibility before his constituents.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said, that the
suggestion of his friend from Ohio, [Mr.Cartter,]
that the number of this report should be increased
to 100,000, would give one copy for about every
twenty-five voters; and the expense of printing
this large number of documents, is to be paid out
of the common fund, to which all, without dis-
tinction, are compelled to contribute. Now, this
mode of distributing books through the numerous
election districts, appeared to him to be very like
gammon. He had no faith in the pretext set up,
that these large publications are necessary to in-
form our constituents what we are doing. If his
friend from Ohio was desirous to infoim his con-
stituents what we are doing here, why did he not
move to print 100,000 copies of our journal of
proceedings? That was the proper way to show
the people what we are doing here. He would be
glad to hear his friend from Ohio submit a propo-
sition to print 100,000 copies of the Journal for
circulation.
But he did not regard this as the real object of
the suggestion. It could not be concealed from
the country that the real object was, the increase
of the personal patronage of members. If it were
not so, we should not see so much interest exhib-
ited about this question. We all know very well
what an effect might be sometimes produced by
sending a book to some particular constituent, in
a doubtful part of a district, in securing his exer-
tions in favor of the member who had sent it. He
was well aware of the uselessness of opposing
measures of this kind. Where the peisonal inter-
est of members were to be promoted by a propo-
sition, he knew that opposition was of no avail. !
Last year he had made a fruitless effort to arrest
the system.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, (Mr. Brown
yielding the floor at his request,) desired to cor-
rect a misrepresentation of his remarks by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.] That gen-
tleman had misunderstood the tendency of his re-
marks, when he attributed to him that he intended
to charge corruption on the constituency.
Mr. CARTTER put a question which was not
heard.
Mr. McLANE resumed. If his friend from
j Ohio would listen to hirn, he would be satisfied.
What he had said was, that to vote to every
! member the privilege of disposing of live hundred
1 copies of any book, would have the effect of cor-
j rupting those who exercised the privilege. No
i member could conscientiously perform such a
! duty, because he would be compelled to select the
i individuals to whom he would furnish the book,
1 and this would, in the nature of things, tend to an
abuse of the privilege. It was not a correct view
of his remarks which the gentleman from Ohio
took, when he attributed to him a desire to with-
hold intelligence.from the people. He reminded
gentlemen that it had become a practice with the
publishers of the city of New York, to make ar-
rangements by which they were enabled to publish
these reports at a low price. To multiply books,
therefore, would be merely to give new facilities
to this practice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, rose to inquire
if the morning hour had not elapsed; and if it-
had, he moved to proceed to the orders of the
day.
The CHAIR stated, that the motion to consider
was a privileged question.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, then resumed
his remarks. He had introduced a proposition to
the House, providing for the distribution of these
documents among the public institutions, the pub-
lic libraries, and public schools. He was always
prepared to vote for the printing of all information
which could promote the public interest.
If ever he should he so fortunate as to get his
resolution back from the Committee, and it should
be taken up for the action of the House, he had no
doubt that it would be voted down, because he was
very certain that members would never be found
willing to part with the patronage which the dis-
tribution of these books gives to them. It is evi-
dently their intention that this system should go
on, for the purpose of continuing to them the pat-
ronage which grew out of it. He was against the
system,and should oppose the printing of so large
a number of the documents.
Mr. VENABLE rose to address the House,
when
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, begged to in-
quire if it would be as convenient for the gentleman
from North Carolina to make his remarks to-mor-
j row? If so, he would, with the consent of that gen-
j tleman, move to suspend the rules, and that the
| House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
! on the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
I up the Message of the President of the United
i States on the subject of California.
! Mr. YEN ABLE gave his assent.
Mr. STANTON then moved to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON waived the motion for a few
moments, at the request of Mr. Bayly.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriation
for certain fortifications of the United Stales for
the fiscal year, ending30th June, 1851; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be primed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY also, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year, ending 30th June, 1850; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and ordered to
be printed.
The question was then taken on the motion of
i Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, and was decided in
i the affirmative.
j CALIFORNIA.
! g0 the House resolved itself into Committee of
i the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd,
| of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
j aideration of the special message of the President
! relating to California, &c.
i Mr H1LLIARD (to whom the floor had, for
i purposes of explanation, been yielded by Mr.
! Stinton, of Kentucky, who was entitled to it) was
i proceeding to address the committee.
< Before doing so, the committee consented that
; the time occupied m explanation by Mr. HiLLiARi>
1 or Mr. Stanly, should not be deducted from the
hour of the gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Stan-
T°Explanations and rejoinders, personal and po-
litical, occupying upward of an hour, were then
made by Messrs. Hilmard and Stanly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, to whom
allusion had been made by both gentlemen in the
course of their remarks, then endeavored to ob-
tain the floor.
