1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 13,
prior legislation a great many persons received in-
valid pensions. In 1828 Congress passed a law
giving them the pay due to them for their services |
during (he Revolution, putting them on full pay for ;
the balance of their lives. By fhe act of 1828 the j
pensions previously allowed for wounds were to
cease. Now, this bill gives them both full pay for
the balance of their lives, and invalid pensions be-
sides. That is to be the effect of the bill. By the
act of 1830, which the gentleman has read, Con-
gress did repeal so much of the act of 1828 as
refused to allow them,to receive their invalid pen-
sions, and under that lepeal, some invalids did
receive theft* invalid pensions. By this bill the
provisions of that repealing act are extended to the
balance of them; that is, the whole of them. Now,
I think, the error was in that act of 1830, giving
them back their invalid pensions, and full pay
besides.
Mr. GREENE. The Senator from Kentucky
will allow me to suggest that it would be a still
greater error if these, equally meritorious, should |
be deprived of the benefit of that act of 1830 sim- I
ply because they applied a little before others. |
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a ,
third reading.
RELIEF OF CAPTAIN WARRINGTON, &C.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill reported by me some
months ago, for the relief of Captain Lewis War-
rington and others, for the purpose of moving its
consideration on a particular day.
The bill was then taken up.
Mr. BADGER. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Friday next,
and to make it .the special order for that day, at
half-past eleven o'clock. It will be recollected by the
Senate that this bill was taken up several months
since and postponed m consequence of objections
taken to it by the Senators from Alabama and
Michigan.- I have waited patiently, without any
disposition to hurry the matte?, in order that Sen-
ators might have full time to look into and exam-
ine it; and now, four months having elasped, I
think it will not be said that I am very urgent in
desiring to take up the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to post-
poning the bill to any day, but I insist it will be
doing injustice to a large number of others, to take
up one private bill and assign a particular time for
its 'consideration. This morning we have a spe-
cial order, even during the morning hour, for what
is not a private bill.
Mr. BADGER. I should not ask this favor but
for the peculiar circumstances m regard to this bill.
It was taken up for consideration four months
ago, and laid over on the suggestion of difficulties
entertained by Senators in regard to it. But for
that circumstance, the bill would have then passed,
and probably at this time have been a law. Un-
der these circumstances, I think this bill stands in
a different position from that of a bill which it is
sought (o take up and give an unjust preference
over others.
Mr. HAMLIN. I feel very sensibly the sug-
gestions made by the Senator, but yet I insist on
the point to which I have already referred. It 13
doinjr great injustice to a number of other claims ,,
equally as meritorious as this, to give it a piefer- ji
ence over all others. It wiSI be doing to them I
greater injustice than will be done in this case by j
allowing it to take the usual and ordinary course. '
It is for the Senate, however, to say whether it will
depart from the course prescribed by the rules of
the Senate, and which mete out justice to all.
The motion to make the bill a special order for
Friday, at twelve o'clock, was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC LAND3.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order for the morning hour, bein°* the
following bill: °
A bill to cede the public lands of the United States to the
Stated, respectively, in which they aro situated: on con- M
dition that the said States shall severally grant find convey i'
the said lands to actual occupants only, in limited quan- 1
titles, for cost of survey, transfer, andjiUe munwients '
merely. ;|
Be enacted by th* Senate and Hovse of Representatives of \ \
the United Sates of America in Congress assembled Tint !
the public lands of the United States, not reserved for fori I'
arsenals, dock-yards, navy-yards, or other needful building "
or special purposes, or appropriated for other *p cial use's
except such as are known to contain mines of the Dieeioii>-
oi gross metals, or precious stones, be and the same at?
hereby ceded and granted to the several and respective
States in which the same do lie: Erovided, however That
none of the said lands shall vest in either of the said States,
until the Legislature thereof shall provide by law, and cnact
the following provisions and stipulations, to operate, and be
deemed and taken as a solemn and inviolable compact be-
tween such State and the Government of the United States,
to wit:
First. That such Slate will grant and convey the land, so
ceded to it, to actual occuoants only of the land to be con-
veyed, in a quantity, to each occupant, not exceeding one
hundred and sixty-acres, or a quarter section, as near as
may be, for the cost of survey, transfer, and procuring mu-
ni ments of title merely, not exceeding in each case the sum
of five dollars: such ocv upant, in eveiy case, to be a citi-
zen of the United States, or a person who has declared hps
or her intention to become such, according to the laws of
the (Jnited States, the head of a family, or having reached
the age of twenty-one years; and in each case a person
who is not the owner of other land of the United States, the
quantity of which, together with that to he granted, would
exceed one hundred and sixty acres, or less, as the quantity
limited by Mich State.
Second That the land so to be granted to any such occu-
pant shall be and remain forever exempt from forced sale,
extent, or levy, on execution or decree from or by any court
of law or equity.
Third. That any such grantee, his heirs, devisees, or gran-
tees, shall be forever prohibited from alienating or convey-
ing the land, or any part thereof, so to him grdtited, to any
person or corporation which owns, or would therebv become
the owner, of more land than the quantify limited by such
; State as aforesaid ; and, if a married man, without the vol-
! untary consent o' the wife given in the deed of conveyance.
! Fourth. Thatsueh Stateshall require the occupancy afore-
said to be manifested by an actual residence upon and cul-
tivation of a part ot the land to be conveyed for at least one
vear previous to any conveyance to such occupant; which
residence and cultivation, with the other requeues of a
grantee as aforesaid, shall be proved, by the oath or affirm-
ation of two credible witnesses, before conveyance.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That as soon as practi-
cable after the President shall have been officially notified
that any or either of the =aid States has made the piovisions
and stipulations aforesaid, it shall be his duty to cau-se to be
made out, and propeily certified, copies of all treaties, map*,
plats, records, surveys, field notes, or other muniments or
evidences of title to the land in such States, and to forward
the same to the marshal of the proper State, whose duty it
shall be to deliver the same to the Governor of snch State,
upon receiving, for the use of the United States, the co^t of
transcribing and making such copies, and the transmission
thereof as afoiesnid.
Src. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after the
delivery of such copies as afore-aid, all acts of Congress in-
consistent with or repugnant to this aot, shall <tand and be
repealed ; and all right, title, and interest of the United
States to and in the "said lands shall cease, and the same
shall vest m such State.
Mr. WALKER.. Before proceeding with the
remarks which I propose to make, I wish to offer j
the following, to come in at the end as an addi- j
tional section: !
Fifth. That such State will resefve one section for school, ;
and one section for village purposes, as near as may be to |
the centre of each fown«hip. The section so received for j
village pui po=es to be laid out in building lots,, parks, and j
public ground*, the building lots lo he granted to actual nc- '
cupams only, not exceeding one lot to each, in the same I
manner and on thesame conditions as the ajmcnltma! lands '
are to he gianted : Provided, That the «amc individual shall \
in no case receive a grant of both a village lot and agric-ul- |
tmal land : Jind provided, also, That it (hero «hall he im- !
ponant water-power In any township, the reservation of one i
section Inr village puipo-es may he so made'as to embrace j
such water-power, .md which water power may he so im- |
proved, for the use of the village and neighborhood, as the }
State mav provide or direct.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the bill now
under consideration involves questions of greater
magnitude, in my opinion, than any other which
has engaged the attention of the Senate at this or
any previous session. It may be that I shall not
be able to make this manifest; but I may be able
to present such views and considerations as will
aid the reflections of others to fill up the deduc-
tions and arrive at a correct view of those questions.
As I view the biil before us, it involves a con- i
sideration of the rights of man, as man, to the j
means of life, freedom, and self-subsistence. I shall '
offer no argument to prove man's right to life; for j
a denial of it would involve a censure upon the j
Creator for granting it, against which it would be i
impious to offer a vindication. But, assuming this j
right to be conceded, I proceed to the considera-
tion of the right, or rightful power, of society to 1
deprive him of the means of its enjoyment. What j
arc those means? I shall consider such only as '
are indispensable. The first is food, the second j
is raiment, the third is shelter—embracing security |
against the elements by a habitable mansion. 1
These are indispensable to the enjoyment of the
right to life, or to live. I do not mean by the term
" enjoyment," pleasure or happiness; but I mean
simply I say, then, that food, raiment, and
shelter are indispensable means to the use to the
right to live. Has society the right, or the rightful
power, to deprive individual man of these means?
In words, I shall be answered, No; and the inqui-
ry will be addressed to me, no doubt, When did-
society ever attempt to do this? I answer, Every
day, in modern times, since society was organized
as it now is, in its relations to land. Things that
have become familiar cease to strike us as pecu-
liar; and it requires thought and reflection to get
beneath the surface; to divest ourselves of second
nature; to see the true operations of causes, which,
from their familiarity and continued operations,
we are disposed at first to deny are causes at all.
Ever since the laws of society have permitted
some to accumulate to themselves? to the exclusion
of others, more land than they could use, a por-
tion of mankind have been deprived, to some ex-
tent, of food—the first indispensable to the en joy-
ment of the right to life. If I am told that but few
have starved, 1 answer that some have; and that
more have not, is not by reason of the cause being
inadequate, if suffered to operate to its results; but
because charity in some form has granted the food
to which the individual was entitled, as a product
of his labor in the rightful occupancy and cultiva-
tion of so much land as would yield it. But chari-
ty is not a right; and he who lives by chaiity does
not live through the exercise of a right. Men
never demand charity, either in the form of alms
or employment, as a right; and when society says
to the individual, TAve by charity, if yon have not
land from which to produce the means of lift, the in-
dividual has the right to reply, You havenoright-
| ful power to deprive me of land on which to
i exercise the powers and faculties which God has
' given me to produce the means to use independent-
| ly and without charity the right to live. Thrs I
; could do—this I would be willing and happy to do,
i But the reply has been hitherto unavailing. So it
; has been in regard to raiment; and when I am told,
f as before, that but few have gone naked, I again
j answer, that some ha.ve; and if more have not, it
I has not been because the means used by society
| were inadequate in their tendency, but because
[ charity again, either in alms or employment, has
! afforded the clothing to which individuals were
entitled, as the product of independent labor. But
no labor is independent when employed by chari-
ty—labor has no right to charitable employment;
but it has a right to employ itself independently,
upon so much land as will yield the food and rai-
ment indispensable to life; or else the permissive
sentence of the Creator, that man shall till the
ground, and eat bread m the sweat of his brow,
is a mockery.
Sir, when we come to shelter, including habit-
able mansion, what shall we say ? If the laws of
the country or society were strictly enforced—and
that they are not, is again a dole of charity, and
not of legal right—there are now thousands in this
Republic, who woufd not only not possess the
privilege of shelter or mansion, but woufd have
not even the privilege of breathing the air of Heaven.
What are some of those laws? As regards lan'd,
one of them is, that he v:ho hath dominion in the
soil, hath dominion to the heavens. This is (he max-
im of the law upward; the maxim downward is,
that he who owns the surface, owns to the centre of
the earth. Now where is the landless man to build
his shelter or mansion ? On the unowned or un-
occupied land ? There is none. It is all owned
or occupied, either by individuals or the Govern-
ment. He can build his shelter on the land of
neither but as a trespasser, or at best by suffer-
ance; and if the latter, he does so not by ri*ht,
but by charity. Shall he build it in the highway ?
That would be a nuisance, which would and must
be abated. If he build it over the land of anoth-
er—if that were possible—he is equally a tres-
passer, or tenant by permission, and not of right.
If he burrow under the land of another, the case
is the same. There is then, no spot upon, above,
orbeloio God's earth, where the landless have the
legal right to shelter—an indispensable meant so
use the right to live. But suppose he dispense
with shelter—where has he the right—not as a
trespasser, or by permission—to stand up, sit, or
lie down? On the land of another?—there he has
no right. In the highway?—there he would be
trodden or run over, or be liable to removal as a
nuisance or a vagrant. Then, wherever the land-
less may stand, sit, or lie down—to breathe, to '
rest, to warm, or to slumber—he is either a tres-
passer or dependent upon charity, as the law now
stands. He has no legal right to do so anywhtre.
If lam told that these are extreme deductions 
that the law is rarely so enforced—that charity
and hospitality mitigate the rigor of the law, I
answer that I am not expressing strictures upon,
