476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, consented to
yield it; but as unanimous consent was required,
nnd objection being made, Mr. Stevens could not
proceed.
Mr. STANTON then took the floor, (laboring
under severe hoarseness,) and spoke but a few
minutes, when he yielded to a motion that the
committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials, petitions, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
On motion by Mr JACKSON, it was ordered, that leave
be granted to withdraw from the files of the House the pe-
tition and papers of Zepheniah Ilalsey and Patience Cor-
bin.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Andrew Ring and 120
other citizens of Salem, praying Congress to abolish the al-
lowance of spirit rations and the practice of flogging in the
navy.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Artemas Hale and
120 other citieens of Bristol and Plymouth routine-*, Massa-
chusetts, pnying for an appropriation for the improvement
of navigation in Taunton Gr^at river.
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT • The petition of Benjamin
Tuthum and Henry B. Tiithum, for th<; extension of a pat-
ent granted to them in 1841, for the manufacture of lead
ptp<\
By Mr. THJTNAM: Thf petition of O. Dooliule and 38
others, of Wether-field New York, that po«taee on prepaid
letter*, not exceeding halt an ounce in weight, he established
at two cent-*.
Ateo, a like petition of Gideon Arnold and 12 others, of
China, New York. *
By Mr. REKD: The petition of John Ferguson and 69
others, of Mount Jackson, Pennsylvania, for cheap postage.
AIm>, of John Hemy and 36 others, of LawrencevjJIo,
Penn«\lvanm, for cheap postage.
By Mr. STRONG: Th« petition of James A. Richards
James L. McMichuel, and 74 other citizens of Berk* countv'
Pennsylvania, without distinction of party, pravin* for
modifications of the present tiuiff, and for'a ch itigefrom
ad v.dnrrm to specific duties.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition from William Hick,
and 33 other citizens of Columbiana, Ohio, for the free-
dom of the public land*.
Ateo, one from S. G. McKee and 78 other citizens Of
Carroll county, Ohio, for the same object.
Aho, a memorial from Win. Hick, on the same subject.
Also, a petition from Benjamin Allen and 33 citizens
of Columbiana, Ohio, for cheap postage.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of.J. G. Butler and
otherj., citizens of Niles, Trumbull county, Ohio, praying
the establishment ot n rate of postage on prepaid letters at
two rent-* per half ounce.
Also, the petition of I). R. Iladley and oilier*, citizens of
Summit county, Ohio, praving a rate of postage not exceed-
ing two cent--, on Intel* for all distances, nml pcrinittin«
newspapers to hp carried forty miles free of postage, and
al-o, f< r aho'Hhmg th«- franking privilege.
By Mr. GJ-JUiY : The petition of 7'homas Blanchard
praying an apptopriaiion for the purchase of his patent war-
machine, for the u-e of the navv.
Hv Mr. JACJvtff >JV: The petition of fr. M. Partridge. W.
H Plnlhp-i, and 130 other*, mechanics of Chemung coiintv'
New York, pravuur the repeal of i he act of Congress passed
February 26. 184.% extending to the heirs and representatives
of the hue Wilh.im Wondworth, the rights secured to him
in 1838, under the patent .,iw of the United States, in re-
gard to a certain planing machine. The reasons for the
repeal .ire *.«*i lotih tn the petition.
By Mr. SCHEllMERHOIW : The petition of fraacMoore
and 60 > others, citizens of the county of Monroe New
York, asking for the repeal of the act of 1845, extending the
patent for a planing machine granted to William Wood-
worth.
Ako, concurrent resolutions of the Lesislilture of the
SintP of Now York, in relation to ;in act extending the
pntf lit for a planing machine, granted to William Wood-
worth.
IN SENATE.
Thousday, March 7, 1850.
At an early hour this morning, the Seriate cham-
ber was completely occupied by ladies and such
few gentlemen as had been able to obtain admit-
tance, who endured several hours patient possession
of seats, and even of the floor, that they might
hear the long-expected speech of the Senator from
Mnpsflohnsrtts.
The VICE PRESIDENT called the Senate to
order at five minutes to twelve o'clock, and the
devotional exerciser were performed by the Char>-
la:n, the Rev. C. M. BrTi.KR.
The Journal of yesterday was about to he read,
when
Mr. BADGER moved that the reading of the
Journal he dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT said he was in doubt
whether that could he done without the unani-
mous consent of the Senate.
the oecretart accouhngly read the Journal
ot the proceedings of yesterday.
ADMISSION OF. LADIES.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I move that the
ladies be permitted to occupy the floor, which
they now are doing. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Foote] moves that the ladies be
permitted to occupy the floor. This motion re-
quires unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the motion of the
Senator from Mississippi, by substituting the word
" invited" for the word "permitted.'1 [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. I will not be fastidious, but I
do not know why they should be invited when
they aheady have possession.
Mr. CLEMENS. Would it not be well enough
to make the Serjeant-at-Arms clear the gallery of
its male occupants, so as to allow the ladies to oc-
cupy it—as we then could act with more comfort?
Somebody must be put to inconvenience—either
the Senate, or the ladies, (which I do not desire,)
or the male occupants. Some such action is ne-
cessary for the proper transaction of the business
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the motion of
the Senator from Mississippi objected to ?
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator, that he should not make the innocent re-
sponsible.- The ladies are never disorderly, and I
do not see why they should be made responsible
for the disorderly conduct of our sex. I think,
under the circumstances, it is better that my mo-
tion should be adopted, and I will participate with
him in any action he may propose for the purpose
of clearing thegalleries of disorderly men, if there
be any found there, or compelling them to be
orderly, which I am sorry to say, they are not
always upon occasions of this sort.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair heats
no objection to the motion, and the order of the
Senate will be executed.
THE COMPROMISE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions sub-
mitted by the Senator from Kentucky, were made
the special order of the day at 12 o'clock. On
this subject the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] has the floor.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, this vast
audience has notassembled to hear me, and there
is but one man, in my opinion, who can assemble
such an audience. They .expect to hear him,
and I feel it to be my duty, as well as my pleasure,
to give the floor, therefore, to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I undeistand it is immaterial to him
upon which ofthesequestions bespeaks,and, there-
fore, I will not move to postpone the special order.
Mr. WEBSTER.1 I beg to express my obliga-
tions to my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walk-
er,] as well as to my friend from New York, [Mr.
Seivard,] for their courtesy in allowing me to ad-
dress the Senate this morning.
Mr. President, I wish to speak to-day, not as a
Massachusetts man, nor as a northern man, but as
an American, and a member of the Senate of the
United States. It is fortunate that there is aSenate
of the United States; a body not yet moved from
its propriety, not lost to a just sense of its own
dignity, and its own high responsibilities, and a
body to which the country looks with confidence,
for wise, moderate, patriotic, and healing counsels.
It is not to be denied that we live in the midst of
strong agitations, and surrounded by very consid-
erable dangers to our institutions of government.
The imprisoned winds are let loose. The East,
the West, the North, and the stormy South, all
combine to throw the whole ocean into commotion,
to toss its billows to the skies, and to disclose
its profoundest depths. I do not expect, Mr.
President, to hold, or to be fit to hold, the helm in
this combat of the political elements; but I have a
duty to perform, and I mean to perform it with
fidelity not without a sense of the surrounding
dangers, but not without hope. I have a part to
act, not for my own security or safety, for I am
looking out for no fragment upon which to float
away from the wreck, if wreck there must be, but
for the good of the whole, and the preservation of
the whole; and there is that which will keep me to
my duty during this struggle, whether the sun and !
the stars shall appear, or shall not appear, for many
days. I speak to-day for the preservation of the I
Union. " Hear me for my cause." I speak to-
Appei'dixMJEBSTEK'S revised speech will be found in the
day, out of a solicitous and anxious heart, for the
restoration to the country of that quiet and that
harmony which make the blessings of this Union
so rich and so dear to us all. These are the topics
that I propose to myself to discuss; these are the
motives, and the sole motives, that influence me in
the wish to communicate my opinions to the Sen-
ate and the country; and if I can do anything,
however little, for the promotion of these ends, I
shall have accomplished all that 1 desire.
Mr. President, it may not be amiss to recur
very briefly to the events which, equally sudden
and extraordinary, have brought the political con-
dition of the country to what it now is. In May,
1846, the United States declared war against Mex-
ico. Her armies, then on the frontiers, entered
the provinces of that Republic, met and defeated
all her troops, penetrated her mountain passes,
and occupied her capital. The marine force of the
United States took possession of her forts and her
towns on the Atlantic and on the Pacific. In. less
than two years a treaty was negotiated, by which
Mexico ceded to the United States a vast territory,
extending seven or eight hundred miles along
the shores of the Pacific—reaching back over the
mountains, and across the desert, until itjoined the
frontier of the State of Texas. It so happened,
that, in the distracted and feeble state of the Mex-
ican Government, before the declaration of war
by the United States against Mexico had become
known in California, that the people of California
—under the lead of American officers, perhaps, gen-
erally—overthrew the existing Provincial Govern-
ment of California, the Mexican authorities, and
run up an independent flag. When the news
arrived at San Francisco, that war had been de-
clared by the United States against Mexico, this
independent flag was pulled down, and the stars
and stripes of this Union hoisted in its stead. So,
sir, before the war was over, the powers of the
United States, military and naval, had possession
of San Francisco and Upper California, and a
great rush of emigrants, from various parts of tfie
world, took place into California, in 184£and 1847.
But now, behold another wonder.
In January of 1848, the Mormons, it is said, or
some of them, made a discovery of an extraordi-
narily rich mine of gold; or, rather, of a very
great quantity of gold, hardly fit to be called a mine,
for it was spread near the surface—on the lower
part of the south or American branch of the Sac-
ramento. They seem to have attempted to con-
ceal their discovery for some time; but soon an-
other discovery, perhaps of greater importance,
was made, of gold in another part of the American
branch of the Sacramento, and near Sutter's fort,
as it is called. The fame of these discoveries
spread far and wide. They excited more and more
the spirit of emigration toward California, which
had already been excited; and persons crowded in
hundreds, and flocked toward the Bay of San
Francisco. This, as 1 have said, took place in the
winter and spring of 1848. The digging com-
menced in the spring of that year; and from that
time to this, the work of searching for gold has
been prosecuted with a success not heretofore
known in the history of this globe. We ail know
sir, how incredulous the American public was at the
accounts which reached us at first of these discov-
eries; but we all know that theseaccounts received,
and continue to receive, daily confirmation; and
down to the present moment, I suppose the assur-
ances are as strong, after the experience of these
several months, of mines of gold, apparently inex-
huistible, in the regions near San Francisco, in
California, as they were at any period of the earlier
dates of the accounts. It so happened, sir, that
although in the time of peace it became a very im-
portant subject for legislative consideration and
legislative decision, to provide a proper teiritorial
government for California, yet, differences of opin-
ion in the counsels of the Government prevented
the establishment of any such territorial govern-
ment for California, at the last session of Congress.
Under this state of things, the inhabitants of San
Francisco and California—then amounting to a
great number of people—in the summer of last
year, though t it to be their d uty to establish a local
government. Under the proclamation of General
Riley, the people chose delegates to a convention.
That convention met at Monterey. They formed
a constitution for the State of California, and it
was adopted by the people of California in their
primary assemblages. Desirous of.immediate con-
