1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
nection with the United States, its Senators were
appointed and Representatives chosen, who have
come hither, bringing with them the authentic
constitution of the State of California; and they
now present themselves, asking in behalf of their
State, that the State may be admitted into this
Union as one of the United States. This consti-
tution, sir, contains an express prohibition against
slavery or involuntary servitude in the State of
California. H is said, and I suppose truly, that of
the members who composed that convention, some
sixteen were natives, and had been residents of the
slavehoidmg States, and about twenty-two were
from thenon-slaveholding Slates, and the remain-
ing ten members were either native Cahfornians,
or old settlers in that country. This prohibition
against slavery, it is said was inserted with entire
unanimity;
Mr. HALE. Wiil the Senator give way until
order is restored ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Aims will see that order is restored, and no more
persons admitted to the floor.
Mr. CASS. I trust the scene of the other day
will not be repeated. The Sergeant-at-Arms must
display more energy in suppressing this disoider.
Mr. HALE. The noise is outside of the door.
Mr. "WEBSTER. And it is this circumstance,
sir, the prohibition of slavery by that convention,
which has contributed to raise—I do not say
it has wholly raised—the dispute as to the pro-
priety of the admission of California into the
Union under this constitution. It is not to be de-
nied, Mr. President—nobody thinks of denying—
that, whatever reasons were assigned at the com-
mencement of the late war with Mexico, it was
pioseuuted for the purpose of the acquisition of
territory, and under the alleged argument that the
cession of territory was the only form in which
proper compensation could be made to the United
States, by Mexico, for the various claims and de-
mands which the people of this country had against
that Government. At any rate, it will be found that
President Polk's message at the commencement of
the session of December, 1847, avowed, that the
war was to be prosecuted until some acquisition
of territory was made, And, as the acquisition
was to be south of the line of the United States,
in warm climates and countries, it was nat-
urally, I suppose, expected by the South, that
whatever acquisitions were made in that region,
would be added to the slaveholding portion of the
United States. Events have turned out as was
not expected, and that expectation has not been
realized; and therefore some degree of disappoint-
ment and surprise has resulted, of course. In
other words, it is obvious that the question which
has so long harassed the country, and at times
very seriously alarmed the minds of wise and good
men, has come upon us for a fresh discussion—the
question of slavery m these United States.
Now, sir, I propose—perhaps at the expense of
detail and consequent detention of the SenaU—to
review, historically, this question of slavery,
which—partly in consequence of its own merits,
and partly, perhaps mostly, in the manner it is
discussed, in one and the other portion of the
country—has been a source of so much alienation
and unkind feeling between the different portions
of the Union. We all know, sir, that slavery has
existed in the world from time immemorial. There
"was slavery, m the earliest periods of history, in
the Oriental nations. There was slavery among
the Jews—the theocratic government of thatpeople
made no injunction against it. There was slavery
among the Greeks; and the ingenious philosophy
of the Greeks found, or sought to find, a justifica-
tion for it, exactly upon the grounds which have
been assumed, for such a justification, in this
country; that is, a natural and original difference
among the races of mankind—the inferiority of the
black or colored race, to the white. f The Greeks
justified their system of slavery upon that ground
precisely They held the African, and in some
parts, the Asiatic tribes, to be inferior to the white
lace; but they did not show, I think, by any close
process of lojric, that, if this were true, the more
intelligent and the stronger, had therefore a right
to suhjujrnte the weaker.
The more manly philosophy, and jurisprudence
of the Romans, placed the justification of slavery
on entirely different grounds.
The Roman juiists, from the first, and down to
the fall of the empire, admitted that slaveiy was
against the natural law, by which, as they main-
tained, all men, of whatsoever clime, color or capa-
city, were equal; but they justified slavery—first,
upon the ground and authority of the law of na-
tions—arguing, and arguing truly, that at that day
the conventional law of nations admitted, that cap-
tives in war, whose lives, according to the notions
of the times, were at the absolute disposal of the
captors, might, in exchange for exemption from
death, be made slaves for life, and that such servi-
tude might descend to their posterity. The jurists
of Rome also maintained that, by the civil law,
there might be servitude—slavery, personal and
hereditary—first, by the voluntary act of an indi-
vidual who might sell himself into slavery; second,
by his being received into a state of slavery, by
his creditois, in satisfaction of a debt; and, thirdly,
by being placed in a state of servitude, or slavery,
for crime. At the introduction of Chnstianity
into the world, the Roman world was full of slaves,
and i suppose there is to be found no injunction
against that relation between man and man in the
teachings by the Gospel of Jesus Christ, or by
any ofliis Apostles. The object of the instruc-
tion, imparted to mankind, by the founder of
Christianity, was to touch the heart, purify the
soul, and improve the lives of individual men.
That object went dnectly to the fiist fountain of
all political and all social relations of the human
race—the individual heart and mind of man.
Now, sir, upon the general nature, and charac-
tfr, and influence of slavary, there exists a* wide
difference between the northern portion of this
country and the southern. It is said, on the one
side, that if not the subject of any injunction or
direct prohibition in the New Testament, slavery
is a wrong; that it is founded merely tn the right
of the strongest; and that it is an oppression, like
all unjust wars—like all those conflicts by which a"
mighty nation subjects a weaker nation to then-
will; and that slavery, in its nature, whatever may
be said of it in the modifications which have taken
place, is not in fact according to the meek spirit
of the Gospel. It is not kindly affectioned. It
does not "seek anoiher's, and not its own." It
does not " let the oppressed go free." These are
sentiments that are chei ished, and recently with
greatly augmented force, among the people of the
northern States. It has taken hold of the religious
sentiment of that part of the country, as it has
more or less taken hold of the religious feel-
ings of a considerable^ortion of mankind. The
South, upon the other side, having been accustom-
ed to this relation between the two races all their
lives, from their birth; having been taught in gen-
eral to tieat the subjects of this bondage with care
and kindness—and ! believe, in general, feeling for
them great care and kindness—have yet not taken
this view of the subject which 1 have mentioned.
There are thousands of religious men, with con-
sciences as tender as any of their brethren at the
North, who do not see the unlawfulness ofslaveiy;
and there are more thousands, peihaps, that, what-
soever they may think of it in lis origin, and as a
matter depending upon natural right, yet take
things as they are, and, finding slavery to be an
established relation of the society where they live,
can see no way in which—let their opinions on the
abstract question be what they may—it is in the
power of the present generation to relieve them-
selves from this relation. And, m this* respect,
candor obliges me to say, that I believe they aie
just as conscientious, many of them—and of the
religious people, all of them—as they are in the
North, in holding different opinions.
Why, sir, the honoiable Senator from South
Carolina, the other day, alluded to the great sep-
aration of that great religious community, the
Methodist Episcopal Chuich. That separation
was brought about by differences of opinion upon
this peculiar subject of slavery. I felt great con-
cern, as that dispute went on, about the result;
and 1 was in hopes th-U the difference of opinion
might be adjusted, because 1 looked upon that le-
ligious denomination as one of the great props of
religion and morals, throughout the whole coun-
tiy, from Maine to Georgia. The result was
against my wishes and against my hopes. I have
read all their proceedings, and all their arguments,
but I have never yet been able to come to the con-
clusion, that there was any real ground for that
separaiion; in other words, that no good could be
produced by that separation. Sir, when a ques-
tion of this kind takes hold of the jeligious senti-
ments of mankind, and comes to be discussed in
religious assemblies of the clergy and laity, there
is aiways to be expected, or always to be feared,
a great degree of excitement. It is in the nature
of man, manifested by his* whole history, that re-
ligious disputes are apt to become warm, and
men's strength of conviction is proportionate to
their views of the magnitude of the questions.
In all such disputes, there will sometimes be men
found with whom everything is absolute—abso-
lutely wrong, or absolutely right. They see the
right clearly; they think others ought to do it, and
they are disposed to establish a broad line of dis-
tinction between what they think right, and what
they hold to be wrong. And they are not seldom
willing to establish that line upon their own con-
victions of the truth and the justice of their own
opinions, but they are willing to mark and guard
that line, by placing along it a series of dogmas,
as lines of boundary are marked by posts and
stones. There are men, who, with clear percep-
tions, as they think, of their own duty, doTiot see
how too hot a pursuit of one duty may involve
them m the violation of another, or how too warm
an embracement of one truth may lead to a dis-
regard of other truths equally important. As I
heard it stated strongly, not many days ago, these
persons are disposed to mount upon some duty as
a war hor*e, and to drive furiously on, and upon,
and over all other duties, that may stand in the
way. There are men, who, m times of' that sort,
and disputes of that sort, are of opinion* that hu-
man duties may be ascertained with the precision
of mathematics. They deal with morals as with
mathematics, and they think what is right, may be
distinguished from what is wrong, with the precis-
ion of an algebiaic equation. They have, theiefore,
none too much charitv toward others who ditier
with them. They are apt, too, to tlnnk that noth-
ing is good but what is perfect, and th.it ihere are
no compromises or modifications to be made in
submission to difference ot opinion,or m deference
toother men's judgment. If their pe spicaciou&
vision enables them to detect a spot on the face of
the sun, they think that a good reason why the
sun should be struck down from Heaven. They
prefer the chance of running into utter darkness
to living in heavenly light, if that heavenly light
be not absolutely without any imperfection. There
are impatient men—too impatient always to give
heed to the admission of St. Paul, that we are
not to do evil that good may come"—loo impa-
tient to wait for the slow progress of moral causes
in the improvement of mankind. They do not
remember that the doctrines and the miracles of
Jesus Christ have, in eighteen hundred years,
converted only a small portion of the human race;
and among the nations that are converted to Chris-
tianity, they forget how many vices and crimes,
public and private, still prevail, and that many of
them—public crimes especially, which are offenses
against the Christian religion—pass without excit-
ing particular regret or indignation, Thus wars
are waged, and unjust wars. I do not deny that
there may be just wars. There certainly are; but
it was the remark of an eminent person, not many
years ago, on the other side of the Atlantic, that
it was one of the greatest reproaches to human
nature, that wars were sometimes necessary. The
defense of nations sometimes causes a war against
the injustice of other nations.
Now, sir, in this state of sentiment, upon the
general nature of slavery, lies the cause of a great
portion of those unhappy divisions, exasperations,
and reproaches, which find vent arid support in
different parts of the Union. Slavery does exist
in the United States. It did exist in the States
before the adoption of tins Constitution, and at
that time.
And now let us consider, sir, for a moment,
what was the state of sentiment, North and South,
in regard to slavery at the time this Constitution
was adopted. A remarkable change has taken
place since, but what did the wise and great men
of all parts of the country think of slavery f In
what estimation did they hold it in 1W7, when
this Constitution was adopted? Now, it will be
found, sir, if we will carry ourselves by historical
research back to that day, and ascertain men's
opinions by authentic recoids still existing among
us, that there was no great diversity of opinion
between the North and the South upon the sub-
ject of slavery ; and it will be found that both
parts of the country held it equally an evil—a
