1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■of such land, such residence and cultivation for the said
three years to be completed within Jour years from the time
of fuch entry, then a patent to ia3iio for the same to the per-
son making such entry, if living, or oiherwi e to his heirs
or devisees, as the ea^e may require: Provided, nevertheless,
That such person, so entering and taking the quarter section
as aforesaid, shall not have, nor shfili his devisees or heirs,
have, any power to alienate such land, nor create any title
thereto in law or equity, by &leert, transfer, lease, or any
other conveyance except by devise by will." *
The resolution is in substance (except the pro-
viso) nothing more than a repetition and declara-
tion in favor of the provisions of my bill; and
why was it necessary to thus bring the measure
again before the Senate in this abstract and im-
practicable form ? But i would ask the honorable
Senator, were he now here, if he really meant
what he asserts in the proviso to his resolution?
if so, he would establish here a more odious sys-
tem of life entail than that which succeeded the
feudal system of England: he would restrict all
transfer during life, except by the last act of the
occupant—his last will and testament. Why do
this? Why not permit the occupant to sell and
transfer his land, provided he do so to another non-
landholder?1 Why impose this restriction upon
the man who may wish to change his location or
fiis business? A free transfer of land or its occu-
pancy, as regulated by the bill under considera-
tion, would not be a trafficking in land, but in the
products and improvements of labor. And why
•should this be restricted or prohibited ? There js
another question 1 would ask the late honorable
Senator—and there is no man alive more compe-
tent to answer it. Has Congress the power to
impose within the States such a restriction as that
contained in the proviso to his resolution? I pre-
sume he would not so contend. His proposition,
then, is not only an abstraction, but an unconsti-
tutional abstraction.
The bill under consideration is without any of
the difficulties upon which I have commented. It
secures the grant to the landless in limited quanti-
ty; it secures the grant against transfer, except to
the landless; it secures it against forced sale on
execution for debt. But it does not propose to do
these things by a direct exercise of power by Con-
gress; the States are introduced to provide the de-
tail of limitation—restriction upon transfer, and
exemption, from forced sale: thus keeping in view
the distinctive powers of the State and Federal
Governments. In view, then, of its constitution-
ality—of its propriety of provisions—-of the pe-
cuniary interest and policy of the Government
and of the old States, the bill before us would
seem to be proper and expedient.
But the measure is not intended to be based
upon State or Government interest or expediency,
a<3 bodies politic; but upon the individual ri^ht of
man, as man, to the enjoyment of the means cflife,
freedom and self-subsistence. Here its friends
plant themselves, here they will stand, and here
triumph. If not now, it will not be lon$ before
they do. You may not now" heed the petitioning
voice that has reached you, but if not, the next
session of Congress shall see a petition here that
will be heeded. This matter has taken hold upon
the heaits, feelings, and reason of the democratic
laboring millions of the land; they cherish it as
the consummation of their hopes; they cannot be
put down or silenced. Secret societies of the most
powerful and holy kind that were ever formed for
secular ends, have been based/upon the doctrines
of land reform. These doctrines are working
themselves into the very soul of society—they
must and will have a hearing. Land Reformers
have suffered much, and struggled long for a hear-
ing here—they now have it. It is a question for
gentlemen to decide for themselves, whether they
■will now obey the promptings of duty arid Support
this bill, or await the stern censorious voice of
command.
1578
glory of their country consist in the fact, that the
prevention and remedy of the evils which they suffer
and apprehend are left lo themselves, to be exercised,
not through violence or insurrection, but through
the ballot-box". Aye, an:l they have determined to
apply the remedy and preventive; let him who
would longer resist them, mark the writing on the
wall! While there is yet aVast public domain,
they demand that it shall be thrown open to the
free settlement by landless occupants, in limited
quantities, so checked and guarded as to remain
the home of the otherwise homeless, and not monopo-
lized or aggregated by the hands of the few to the ex-
clusion of the many. They have determined to
put down the doctrine, "that the Government
should take care of the rich, and the rich take care
of the poor." To accomplish these ends and
these blessings, are the provisions and principles
of the bill now under consideration adapted and
designed; and I can and will here pledge one
State of this Union—Wisconsin—that never will
cast her suffrage for the man who shall'oppose
them. Though young, she has stood foremost
for this reform; she will see it accomplished, or
sacrifice, to the extent of her voice, the last and
every legislator who shall oppose it. I am happy
to have heard so many distinguished Senators ex-
press their concurrence in the principles of the
measure before us, and will not believe it can fail,
until I am convinced by a vote of the entire Sen-
ate. If this shall happen now, I give notice that,
at every session while I. have the honor of a seat
here, I shall renew and urge the measure till it tri-
umph, as my highest earthly ambition. If an ap-
peal here be in vain, I appeal to the agricultural,
mechanic, and laboring multitudes of the country
to sustain me in the effort. Let them hold their
meetings—let them draw up, sign, and send on their
petitions, in the language of men who have the
right to be heard, and who will be heard—and
success and triumph will be theirs.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the question will be
postponed, that we may proceed to the considera-
tion of the special order.
After consultation between Mr. WALKER,
Mr. DOUGLAS, and Mr. FELCH, it was agreed
to postpone the further consideraiion of the bill
until Monday next, at half-past eleven o'clock, for
which time it is made the special order; and that
the amendment be printed.
The democracy, the people, are beginning to
perceive that that Government is the best which
secures the greatestamoant of aggregate individual
happiness. They have been inquiring, to what
good end is our Republic—though of the happiest
form on earth—if the result of its action is to be,
on the one hand, bloated wealth, large landed pro-
prietorships—the means of life and freedom mo-
nopolized by the few; and, on the other, a depend-
ant tenantry, with abject.servitude, squalid want,
poverty, nakedness, homelessness and starvation?
They have been asking: What woi-se could the
most absolute monarchy impose? They have at
last found the answer: that the true freedom and
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union.
The pending question was stated to be on the
passage of the bill.
A long debate ensued, in which Messrs. DAVIS,
of Mississippi, CLEMENS, HOUSTON, BARN-
WELL. EWING, BERRIEN, CASS, ATCHI-
SON, FOOTE, and others, took part; of which a
report will be found in th^ Appendix.
The PRESIDENT. The question ia on the
passage of the biil.
Mr. EWING called for the yeas and nrys,and
they were ordered; and being taken, were as fol-
low:
YEA15—Mpst?. Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Bradbm', Bright,
j ObaSe, Cooper. Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson,
' Dodqe of Wisconsin, Dods;e oflowa, Douglas, Ewinjr, Peleh,
! Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, Miller, Norn*,
Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Un- .
dprwood, Ujjham, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, arid Win-
throp—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Beirien, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mi^&K-sipoi, Dawson, Foote, Ilunfer,
King, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Sou!d} Tur-
ner, and Yulee—18.
So the bill was passed.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 170, to establish a Terri-
torial Government for the Territory of New Mex-
ico.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I rise with the
permission of the Chair, to say that a portion of
the minority on the bill which has just passed will,
to-morrow, ask leave to place upon the Journal a
protest.
The PRESIDENT then put the question on
Mr. Douglas's motion to take up Senate bill No.
170, and it was agreed to by a vote of 94 to 15.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move that the further
•consideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, and that it be made the spe-
cial order for that time, and for the same, hour on
each succeeding day until it is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has not yet had
its second reading.
The bill was then read a second- time'and the
question recurred upon Mr. Douglas's motion,
Mr. RUSK. X hope that motion will not pre- -
vail. I hope that we shall now have some relaxa-
tion from these special orders. There is a good
deal of other business to be disposed of, and there-
fore I hope the Senator from Illinois will be satis-
fied with making his bill the special order for
Monday next.
[No, no.]
Mr. POOTE. I think the Senator from Texas
cannot have ascertained the fact, which is known
to many of us, that nothing will be done m the
other House until this bill gets there; and it is
therefore important to have upon it early action.
I shall have no objection to a short session to-mor-
row, if the Senator and others choose, but I hope
this bill will pass, as I think it may in an hour.
I would state that I must be-compelled to go away,
and I do not know whether I mily stay even to-
morrow with propriety, on account of sickness in
my-family; but I am anxious to vote upon this
bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot consent to have these,
bills hurried upon us, because gentlemen may hap-
pen to have a majority. There was a bill, known
as the fugitive slave bill, that had precedence of
this, and theie is not a bill which calls for imme-
diate consideration more than that, either as a
measure of compromise or as a souice of protec-
tion 1 shall therefore protest against taking up
this bill till we have some indication as to what
will be the action upon that other bill. It seems
to be only necessary to mention a bill m which the
majority are interested, to have it taken up; but
when perchance some other measure is spoken of,
which may affect the interest of the minority, it is
at once opposed. I hope the Senate will consent
to take up the fugitive slave biil.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 consider it very important to
have this territorial bill taken up and acted upon.
I think it is indispensable to give peace and quiet
to the country, and why it is that gentlemen from
the South are so anxious to postpone action upon
it, I cannot understand. It is not possible that
long debate can now arise upon that bill; which is,
I think, already in the form which will 'make it
acceptable, being in the form of a bill which has
been adopted. I do not understand what reason
the Senator from South Carolina has for opposing
it, or why he says the fugitive siave bill is entitled
to precedence. I thought myself, three or four
months ago, that that bill should be acted upon
first. The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
YVkitcomb] then p:ud me a visit, and wished me
to urge upon my fuends of the South to act on this
bill. They seemed to think it was not politic to
act on it earlier than upon the other bills. I then
thought that action upon it would quiet the South,
and affect the people of that section in a most
wholesome manner, and I urged that it should be
taken up. That was the earnest wish of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] and of the Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,] and of vari-
ous other Senators at that period. That is a fact
which I wish the country to know, that northern
men of conservative principles have been anxious
to meet the South with as stringent a slave bill as
the South would require, and if the provisions of
this bill were not sufficiently stringent they agreed
to make them so. Southern men weie uiged to
give their attention to that bill. Southern men
have slumbered at their post of duty, and we have
not addressed ourselves to this measure as we
should have done. Therefore, if the fugitive siave
bill is not now acted upon, the fault rests in part
with the committee, and in part with those south-
ern Senators who would not agree to take an ac-
tive course at that time. The honorable .Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] knows that I had a
•conversation with him, and urged it upon him for
the reason given by the Senator from Indiana. But
for various reasons, doubtless satisfactory to him,
but not satisfactory to me, he did not think it ne-
cessary. These are the facts. Let the South
understand the North and the North understand
the South, and her institutions will be safe from
the accursed interference of fanatics in both sec-
