1850.
TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1«V75
accord on this point, have greatly tended to quiet
the existing agitation. And, I will add, such is
my confidence in the patriotism of the people,
and of their deep and abiding love of the Union,
that I have no doubt, whenever a bill of the kind
referred to becomes a law, Tt will yet commend
itself to the cheerful acquiescence and support of
the great majority of the people both of the North
and of the South.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Hr. HALE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. HALE called for a division, and there
were for the motion: ayes 18, noes 14.
So the Senate then ad journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, August 14, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
wood's patent.
Mr. NELSON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to present a remonstrance from citizens
of the State of New York, against the passage (he
said) of a bill on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. What is the bill?
Mr. NELSON. A bill for the renewal of a
patent. Objection was made.
So the memorial was not received.
fort;fications at sandy hook.
Mr. PHCEN1X asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, merely (he
said) for the purpose of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear any-
thing the gentleman says.
Mr. PHCENIX restated his request.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary aff.nrs, to inquire into and report upon the expediency
of erecting a permanent fortification at Sandy Hook, in
conformity with the recommendations of tlie Engineer and
War Depirtments.
Objection was made. So the resolution was not
received.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I call for the regular
order of business.
california.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed an act providing for the
admission of California as a State into the Union.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for.
post-route.
Mr. WOODWARD requested the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Preston King] to waive
his demand for the regular order of business for
a few moments, to enable him (Mr. _W.) to intro-
duce a resolution of inquiry in relation to a post-
- route. If the matter was not referred now, (Mr.
W. said,) it would be too late.
Mr. PRESTON KING waived his motion.
Mr. WOODWARD sent to the Clerk's table
a resolution,' instructing the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to inquire into the propriety
of establishing post-routes from Camden, by way
of Bishopville, to Willow Grove, and from Beth-
lehem to Sandy Grove.
Mr BROWN, of Indiana, said, that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads had report-
ed the bill providing for new post-routes, and he
would suggest to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr.'Woodward,J that, when that bill came
up for consideration, he could move an amend-
ment providing for these cases.
So the resolution was not pressed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous'consent of the House to introduce certain
resolutions of a town-meeting, (the purport of
which was not stated.) Objected to.
Mr. PRESTON KING renewed his call for the
regular order of business. 1
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for.
amendment to the rules.
The unfinished business of the morning hour
was the report of the Committee on Rules, made
yesterday by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] proposing to amend the 34th rule of the
House by adding at the end thereof the following:
After which any mpmber, who shall first obtain the
floor, shall be allowed to speak five minutes in opposition
to it, and there shall be no further debate on the amend-
ment, but the same privilege of debate shall be allowed in
favor of and against any amendment that may be offered to
the amendment; and neither the amendment nor an amend-
ment to tile amendment shall be withdrawn by the mover
thereof, unless by the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee."
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, had heretofore
moved to recommit the said report with certain in-
structions.
And the previous question had been demanded—
pending which question the House had proceeded
to other business.
The question now recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GOTT. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already
pending.
Mr. "McLANE, of Maryland. I yesterday
moved to recommit this- report with certain in-
structions. I have no desire to consume the time
of the House, and (im disposed to let the vote bo
taken at once on the resolution. I therefore with-
draw the motion to recommit with instructions.
So the motion to recommit with instructions
was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the demand for
tlie previous question.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, (to the Speaker.) Is
it in order to move to lay the report on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is' in order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I make it.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, without a division.
So the report was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, I insist
upon recording my vote on this resolution. I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The repot t was again read.
The main question on the adoption of the report
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 113, nays 46; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alevander, Ashmun, Baker,
Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Breck, Brigs?, Brook?, W.
J. Brown, Burrows, Thomas B. butler, J. Cable, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Carttcr, Chandler. Clarke, \V.
R W. Cobb, Cole, Corwm, Deberry, Disney, Duty, Duncan,
Dunham,N. Evans, Fitch, Fon ler, Fuller, Gentry, Gtddings,
Gorman. Gott, Gould, Half, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, T.
L. Harris, Hay, Haymond, Heliard, Htnry, Hlbbard, Hoag-
land, W. T. Jackson, Jones, Julian, George G. King, J. G.
King, John A. King, LetHer, Levin, Littlefield, H. Mann,
Job Mann, Matteson, McDonald, MfGaugbey, McLanahan,
F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehtad, Morris, Morse,
Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, l'eck, Phelps, Phcemx, Pitman,
Revnolds. Ri liardson, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sdekctt, Sawtelle, Sehenok, Scller-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldtng,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor. Jame3
Thompson, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldun, Waldo,
Watkms, Wcntworth, Whittlesey, Williams,Wilson, Wood,
ami Young—113.
nays—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett,-Beale, Bissell,
Bovd, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Georae A. Caldwell, Cling-
man, Daniel, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Hamilton,
Haralson, [sham G Hams, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard,
In«e Joseph W. Jackson, J. L. Johnson, Preston King, La
SoV Mason, McDowell, Robert M. McLane, McMullen,
McQueen, MeWtllie, Outlaw, Parker, Potter, Powell,
Savage, Seddon, R. H. Stanton, Thoma?. Jacob Thompson,
Toombs, Venablc, Wallacc, Wellborn, Wilmot, and Wood-
ward—46.
So the report was adopted.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved a reconsider-
ation of the vote, and said, that having voted
for the amendment in opposition to the great pro-
portion of the members from the South, he wished
to give the reasons which had influenced his
course. He was satisfied that the object of those
who had opposed the amendment was, that the
minority might avail themselves of the rule as it
had stood, to delay the action of the House upon
questions which involved, perhaps, the existence
of the Union. For one, he was for letting it
come, and come whenever the North chose, if it
was to be oppressive action, let it come quickly.
His constituents desired not that these questions
should be procrastinated. They wanted to know
without further suspense, whether they could de-
pend upon the majority of this Confederacy for
justice and equity. They wanted to know whether
there was enough of justice, and of liberality in
the Congress of th§ United States to discharge the
duties which they held that Congress owed to the
people geneially, and to tfte Constitution. He de-
sired not to put off the time when they should be
brought to show their disposition in relation to
these important questions. He was one of the
few of the southern delegation in Congress, who
did believe that sufficient justice and liberality
existed m the bosoms of northern men to come
to the rescue, and prevent a violation of our
glorious Constitution. If he was mistaken, he
repeated, he wanted to know it, and know it
now, he would then be prepared to meet his
constituents, and present the facts of the case in
a tangible form, and they would be enabled to
decide what action was required of them. His
people demanded that the Constitution should be
strictly observed. They expected that this would
be the result; if it were not to be, they wanted to
know it, and know it quickly. , He was for put-
ting forth every effort consistent with reason and
with justice, to conciliate the people of the differ-
ent sections, to bring about harmony, and to pro-
mote the great end of carrying on this Confederacy
in harmony and justice. If that could not be
done, let not the actions which should demonstrate
it, be delayed. The people of his section were
ripe for resistance if resistance were necessary.
But if no aggression was intended—if their rights
and equality under the Constitution were to be
observed and continued, they were ready to stand
by the Union to the last. Let action, then, come.
He desired not that amendments should be offered
and handed round to stave it off. If that object
was intended, he was satisfied it'might be accom-
plished under the rule as amended, by giving a
little mor,e attention to the particular form in which
amendments are presented. He saw no good rea-
son for procrastination and delay. He believed
that the people of all sections of the country de-
manded action at the hands of Congress—just and
salutary action, action calculated to protect and
benefit all equally. Let action come without de-
lay, and if a relentless ma jority were -determined
to trample upon the constitutional rights of the
South, let them declare it by the course which they
should see fit to take; and his people werf ready,
in union with, he believed, the entire South, to
meet the crisis. But he was not for resenting
wrong until wrong was perpetrated.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he was
not anxious to discuss this rule. He well knew
that it would pass. But as one of those who had
voted against it, he was not willing to acquiesce in
the imputation of the motive ascribed to them by
the gentleman from Alabama,viz: that they opposed
the alteration m order to avail themselves of the
rule as it had stood to produce procrastination.
The gentleman from Alabama might have bad
these views for himself, but when he ascribed them
to him (Mr. T.) he utterly repudiated them. He
believed that the five minutes rule had been the best
rule they had had. It was the only thing wh.ch
had reconciled the House to the previous question
in Committee of the Whole. The previous ques-
tion in Committee of the Whole was a breach of
parliamentary law, as that law had always ex-
isted; and when it was first tried, the expefience
of the House had shown it to be so hard, so dis-
astrous to the business of the country, so unjust
to the members of this House, that by general
conser^^ie five minutes rule had been adopted. He
descriHo the operation of that rule, and said it had
; secured almost the only legitimate debate upon the
merits of the questions under sonsideration—the
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, generally taking the range of the Union
and being upon almost every other question than
the one directly before them until the debate was
terminated by resolution. Ihe committee then
proceeded to consider amendments and discuss
their merits under the five minutes rule. His ob-
jections to the amendment were, that it made the
rule ridiculous and absurd, first, because it denied
the parliamentary right universally conceded—or
the right of a member having offered an amendment
and afterwards discovering that it was unneces-
sary, to withdraw it. In the next place, when the
mover of an amendment had made "his explanation
for five minutes, it would place in the power of the
