1850..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
of the resolution. And, under this misapprehen-
sion, my vote was recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK addressed the Chair, and was
recognized.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is, " whether the Chair will entertain the
point raised by the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Morse] as a question of privilege?" The
Chair will call the attention, of the House to the
question, as it may be a very important one in
relation to the business of the House, according
to the decision of the House.
The Chair has no difficulty in deciding the
question. The gentleman from Louisiana rises in
his place and says, that when his name was called
for his vote on the adoption of the report-of the
Committee on Rules, he voted under a misappre-
hension of the question, &c., consequently, that
his vote is recorded differently from what he de-
sired it should be recorded.
The Chair rules that this isnota question of priv-
ilege, nor a privileged question ; and that neither
the gentleman from Louisiana nor the House
has the power to change the record of the Journal
in this instance by changing a vote. Reference
has been made to motions to amend the Journal.
The Chair refers to instances of correction of the
Journal connected with the votes of members.
When the Journal is incorrectly made up and the
vote of a member is recorded different from the
fact, a motion to correct the Journal is in order.
But in the present case, the Journal is correctly
made,-up. It is made up precisely in accord-
ance with the fact. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana did vote, as he himself admits, precisely as
his name is recorded. If the gentleman, as is fre-
quently done, had stated that his name appeared on
the Journal 'different from the fact of the vote, the
Chair would to-morrow morning entertain a mo-
tion to correct the Journal But the Chair knows
of no instance, or precedent, upon the authority of
which the House can correct the Journal, upon the
ground that a member voted under a misapprehen-
sion of the question. A gentleman might as well
(the Speaker was understood to say, though, turn-
ing round, the sentence was only half heard)
move to correct a vote upon the ground of a mis-
apprehension as to the reasons which induced a
motion,
Therefore, in the opinion of the Chair, the
motion of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Morse] cannot be entertained, and the correction
of the Journal can only be made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. MORSE inquired whether the question jof
privilege would go on the Journal?
The SPEAKER. The point of order will not
go on the Journal, unless an appeal should be
taken from the decision of the Chair, and the
question should be decided by the House. In
that case the question of order and the appeal
would go upon the Journal.
Mr. MORSE said, that as there was no other
mode by which he could get the main fact on the
Journal, he must, with great respect to the Chair,
appeal from the decision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. ASHMUN, (to'the Speaker.) Has the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. AStlMUN. Thereare some very import-
ant bills on the Speaker's table; and with a view
to early action upon them, I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker'.* table.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said, the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] could not be
entertained, until the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] had been dis-
posed of.
Mr. INGE. As this is a very important motion
in regard to the business of the House, I ask the
yeas and nays.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, and the
Speaker, arising out of the decision of the Speak-
er, that the Chair must entertain the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,]
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
in the order in wh|ch they had been made.
* l^tr BURT submitted to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] whether, as the
debate on the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill had been limited to a day now near, and as
many gentlemen were desirous to speak, it would
not be-fair that the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table should
not be insisted on, until after the expiration of
that time 
Several members called to order.
Mr. BURT said, he appealed to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] and to the
House 
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. BAYLY asked the yeas and nays on the
motion of Mr. Ashmun; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 80, nays 102; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albeitson, Alexander, Ashmun, Baker,
Bay, Bennett, Binsham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Briggs,
Brooks, William J. Blown, Thomas B Butler, Joseph Ca-
ble, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell,
Cartter, Casey, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Corwin,
Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ewiriff, Fitch,
Fuller, Giddings, Gorman, Colt, Grinnell, Hall, Hampton,
.Harlan, Thomas I.- Harris, Hay, Hebaid, Hihbard, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, John A. Kin!/,
Preston Kins, Letfler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Marshall, MeClernand, McDonald, McKissoek, McLana-
han, Meacham, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw, Peaslee, Richardson,
itisley, Robinson, "Root, Ross, Sawtclle, Schermertiorn,
Silvester, Stetson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Van Dyke, Waldo, Wentworth. Whittlesey, Wilson,
Wood, and Young—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd, Breck, Albert G. Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Calvin, Chandler, Clumman, Cole, Daniel, Deberry,
Disney, Duer, Duncan, Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Feath-
erston, Fowler, Gentry, Gould, Hallowav, Hamilton, Har-
alson, Isham G. Harris. Sampson W. Hairis, Haymond,
Henrv, Hoacland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Tnee, Jo-
seph W. Jackson, William T. J.ick-on, Robert W. John-
son, Kerr, George G. King. Tames G. King, I.a Serr,
Mason, Matteson, McDowell, McGaajrhrv, Robert M.
MtLarie, Finis K. Mel.ean, McMullen, McQueen, MeWil-
he, Meade, Mill.-on, Moore, Morris, More, Morton, Nel-
j son, Orr. Otis, Owen, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Phcpnix,
Pitman, Powell, Reed, Reynolds, Rockwell, Rose, Rum-
sev, Savage, Sehenck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd,
Spauldmg,=Stanly, Richard II Stanton, Thaudeus Stevens,
Strong. Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Un-
derfill], Venable, Vinton, Walden, Wallace, Watkins,
Wellborn. Wildrick, Williams, Wilmot, and Wood-
ward—lO'X
So the House refused to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mi. BAYLY, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on, the
state of the Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1851.
Mr. ASHMUN was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour on the
subject of the President's message relating to the
Texas boundary, and of the bill providing for the
settlement of that question. He expressed his cor-
dial concurrence in the doctrines, spirit, and recom-
mendations of the message, and declared his inten*
tion to vote for the bill which had passed the
Senate. It was not such a bill as he could have
desired, but if it could not be amended to suit his
own views, he should, as a practical man, vote for
it as the best measure which could be obtained.
He considered that it was the opening measure
to the pacification and adjustment of all the great
difficulties which divide the North and South, and
predicted that if this failed, all the others would
fail, and Congress would return to their own homes
to spread more broadly the seeds of dissension;
and that they would be less disposed to settle them
at the next session.
[A full report of this speech will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS followed in reply to Mr. Ash-
mun, and in condemnation of the positions as-
sumed in the President's message relative to the
duty of the President, in certain contingencies, to
call out the military forces of the United States.
He concurred with Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, in
arguing that this was not a case in which the Pres-
ident was authorized to exercise any such power;
in expressing the hope that if such action were
taken, Texas would meet it with the sword; and
in declaring that m that case he should be found
on the side of Texas, m defence of her constitu-
tional rights. But he believed that such an issue
would be avoided.
[His remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix ]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, followed in
a series of remarks (which will be published in the
Appendix) in reply to the arguments of Messrs.
Toombs and Ashmun, and in opposition to" the
consideration of ten millions to Texas merely for
the purpose of obtaining peace. He contended
that the Texan boundary bill would, if passed,
prove the fertile source of future wars and-of nul-
lification.
Mr. DUER obtained the floor, and yielded to a
motion that the committee rise.
Which, being agreed to—
The committee rose and reported.
PUBLIC LANDS IN,THT3 DISTRICT.
Mr. JONES asked leave to offer the following
resolution; which was read for information:
Resoleetl, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the propriety of relinquish-
ing to said District ail the building lots owned by the United
Stales in Washington city, lor the use and suppoit of com-
mon schools in the District.
Mr. HUBBARD objecting, the resolution was
not received.
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITION, &c.
The following petition and memorials w.ere pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees: *
By Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition of citizens of Illi-
nois lor aposl-route troni Laneasier landing in Peoriacounty
via Timber, Brunswick, Farmmgton. French Creek, Elmore,
Litlletoiiville. Victoria, Walnul Grove, Bishop Hill, and
Red Oak, to Cambridge, in Ilenry county.
By Mr. ROSS: Two memorials, signed by citizens of
Bucks counly, Pennsylvania, piayine Congress to pass a law
providing for the lemoval of the African racc, and for Iheir
colonization on lliecoasl of Africa.
By Mr. THURSTON : A memorial of A. A. Skinner,
Elijah White, and mndiy citizens and merchants of Oiegon
and California, praying that Pacific City, la Oregon, be made
a port of entry and delivery.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, JIvgust 14, ]850.
Mr. RUSK presented six memorials from citi-
z'.ns of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
setting forth the utter inadequacy of the present
post office to afford "the required facilities for the
prompt and speedy delivery of letters, and the in-
convenience which attends the throng of persons
within the present narrow limits; and asking the
erection of a new and suitable building for the
business of the public; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of merchants
of Benicia, in California, aokiiis; the establishment
of a port of entry at that place; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. DOWNS presented additional documents
relating to the claim of A. P. Brittin^ham; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the petition of
Barbara Riley, widow of a revolutionary officer,
asking to be allowed a back pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of medical offi-
cers of the navy and physicians of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, asking that the rank of medical
officers of the navy may be fixed by law; which
was referred to the Committee on Nav;J Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS presented the petition of Char-
lotte Lynch, daughter and heir of Colonel Grey,
of the revolutionary army, asking to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee orr
Pensions.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of Francis
G. Beatty and Samuel Walker, asking compensa-
tion for injuries received by the falling of the scaf-
fold on which they were at work; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BADGER presented a petition of citizens
of the town of Wilmington, in the State of North
Carolina, asking the establishment of a marine
hospital at that place, setting forth that the sea-
men arriving there from all parts of the country,
paying their hospital dues regularly to the collect-
or of customs, have therefore a strong claim on the
General Government, yet, nevertheless, when sick •
and disabled, have been left to the care and liber-
ality of private individuals, so far at least as pio-
