1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
vision for their lodgings were necessary; which
was referred to .the Committee on Commerce.
Also, one from the Commissioners of- the town
of Wilmington, to the same effect; which was
'likewise referred to the same committee.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of citizens
of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, asking an in-
crease of the duties on foreign manufapiured iron;
which was referred to theCommttiee on Finance.
' REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
memoiial of Brevet Colonel J. K. F. Mansfield,
submitted a report, which was ordered to he print-
ed, accompanied by a bill authorizing the settle-
ment of the accounts of Brevet Colonel Joseph K.
F. Mansfield, of the United States Corps of Engi-
neers-, which was read ^nd passed to a second
reading.
PROTEST AGA.IN3T ADMITTING CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 rise, not to present a peti-
tion, but to address a motion to the courtesy of
the Senate—a motion which I am aware I cannot
make as a matter of right and parliamentary priv-
ilege. It is to ask that a protest, which has been
prepared and signed by ten members of this body,
against the passage of the bill admitting Califor-
nia into the Union as a State, which passed yes-
terday, may be received and spread upon the
Journals of the Senate. We ask it, because we
deem it one of the most, if not perhaps the most
important measure that has passed during our ex-
perience here, and we wish to give whatever em-
phasis we legitimately can to ourr opposition to it.
We wish, so far a3 we can, to break the force of
a precedent, which we regard as mischievous and
dangerous, for the admission of States into this
Union. I ask that it may be read and spread upon
tjie Journals of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Do I understand the Senator to
ask that it may be read ? It ought to be read, that
the Senate may understand what it is.
Mr. HUNTER.. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read the Protest, as follows:
We, the undersigned Senators, deeply impressed
wi h the importance of the occasion, and with
a solem.i sense of the responsibility under which
we are acting, respectfully submit the following
p otest against the bill admitting California as a
fct lie int) this Union, and request that it may be
entered upon the Journal of the Senate. We feel
that it is not enough to have resisted in debate
alo ie a bill so fraught with mischief to the Union
an i the States which we represent, with all the
res Hirced of argument which we possessed; but
that it is also due to ourselves, the people whose
interests have been intrusted to our care, and to
pusurity, which even in its most distant genera-
tions may feel its consequences, to leave in what-
ever form may be most solemn and enduring, a
memorial of the opposition which we have made
to this measure, and of the reasons by which we
have been governed, upon the pages of a journal
which the Constitution requires to be kept so long
as the Senate may have an existence. We desire
to place the reasons upon which we are willing to
be judged by generations living and yet to come,
for our opposition to a bill whose consequences may
be so durable and portentous as to make it an ob-
ject of deep interest to all who may come after us.
We have dissented from this bill because it
gives the sanction of law, and thus imparts valid-
ity to the unauthorized action of a portion of the
inhabitants of California, by which an odious dis-
crimination is made against the property of the
fifteen slaveholding States of the Union, who are
thus deprived of that position of equality which
the Constitution so manifestly designs, and which
constitutes the only sure and stable foundation on
which tins Union can repose.
Because the right of the slaveholding States to
a common and equal enjoyment of the territory of
the Union has been defeated by a system of meas-
ures which, without the authority of precedent,
of law, or of the Constitution, were manifestly
contrived for that purpose, and which Congress
must sanction and adopt, should this bill become
a law. Jn sanctioning this system of meas-
ures, this Government will admit that the inhabit-
ants of Jts Territories, whether permanent or tran-
sient, whether lawfully or unlawfully occupying
the same, may form a State without the previous
authority of law; without even the partial security
of a territorial organization formed by Congress;
withoutany legal census or other efficient evidence
of their posseting the number of citizens necessa-
ry to authorize the representation which they may
claim; and without any of those safeguards about
the ballot-box- which can only be provided by
law, and which are necessary to ascertain the true
sense of'a people. It will admit, too, that Con-
gress, having-refused to provide a government,
except upon the condition of excluding slavery
by law, the Executive branch of this Government
may, at its own discretion, invite such inhabitants
to meet in convention, under such rules as it or its
agents may prescribe, and to form a constitution
affecting not only their own rights, but those also
of fifteen States of the Confederacy, by including
territory with the purpose of excluding those
States from its enjoyment, and without regard to
the natural fitness of boundary, or any of the con-
siderations which should properly determine the
limits of a State. It will also admit that the con-
vention thus called into existence by the Execu-
tive may be paid by him out of the funds of the
United States, without the sanction of Congress;
in violation not only of the plain provisions of the
Constitution, but of those principles of obvious
propriety which would forbid any act calculated
to make that convention dependent upon it; and
last, but not least in the series of measures which
this Government must adopt and sanction in pass-
ing this bill, is the release of the authority of the
United States by the Executive alone to a gov-
ernment thus formed, and not presenting even
sufficient evidence of its having the assent of a
majority of the people for whom it was designed.
In view of all these considerations, the under-
signed are constrained to believe that this Gov-
ernment could never be brought to admit a State
presenting itself under such circumstances, if it
were not for the purpose of excluding the people
of the slaveholding States from all onportunity of
settling with their property in that Territory.
Because to vote for a bill passed under such cir-
cumstances would be to agree to a principle, which
may exclude forever hereafter, as it does now, the
States which we represent from all enjoyment of
the common territory of the Union; a principle
which destroys the equal rights of their constitu-
ents, the equality of their States in the Confeder-
acy, the equal dignity of those whom they repre-
sent as men and as citizens in the eye of the law,
and their equal title to the protection of the Gov-
ernment and the Constitution.
Because all the propositions have been rejected
which have been m<ide to obtain either a recogni-
tion of^ the rights of the slaveholding States to a
common enjoyment of all the territory of the Uni-
ted States, or to a fair division of that territory be-
tween the slaveholding and non-slaveho!ding States
of the Union—every effort having failed which has
been made to obtain a fair division of the territory
proposed to be brought in as the State of California.
But, lastly, we disent from this bill, and sol-
emnly protest against its passage, because, in sanc-
tioning measures so contrary to former precedent,
to obvious policypto the spirit and intent of the
Constitution of the United States, for the purpose
of excluding the slaveholding States from the ter-
ritory thus to be erected into a State, this Gov-
ernment in effect declares that the exclusion of
slavery from the territory of the United States is
an object so high and important as to justify adis-
rcgard not only of all the principles of sound pol-
icy, but also of the Constitution itself. Against
this conclusion we must now and forever protest,
as it is destructive of the safety and liberties of
those whose rights have been committed to our
care, fatal to the peace and equality of the States
which we represent, and must lead, if persisted in,
to the dissolution of that Confederacy, in which the
slaveholding States have never sought more than
equality, and in which they will not be content to
remain with less.
J. M. MASON, >
R. M. T. HUNTER, Vlr?lnia-
A. P. BUTLER, > „ „ t.
R. B. BARNWELL, ^.Carolina.
H. L. TURNEY, Tennessee.
PIERRE SOULE, Louisiana.
JEFFERSON DAVIS, Mississippi.
DAVID R. ATCHISON, Missouri.
JACKSON MORTON, ) ..
D. L.-YULEE, . \ Florida.
Senate Chamber, August 13, I860.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What is the
question before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. The proposition to receive
the protest, and have it entered upon the Journals
of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I inquire if
there isany precedent fora proceeding of this char-
acter? I am not aware of any myself. I thought
that the opinion entertained in this body has been
that the Constitution cloes not provide for a record
made up in that form on our Journals, and if my
memory dpes not fail me in this matter, the Senate
has uniformly refused to receive papers of that
character and record them on the Journals. I re-
member very well that when the expunging reso-
lution, as it is termed, was passed, my colleague,
who was lately a member of this body, arid myself
united in a protest, but if I recollect rightjy it was
not received by this body. It was permitted to be
read here, hut the Senate—if the privilege was
asked of placing it on the Journal, of which I am
not certain—declined receiving and putting it on
the Journals. I believe, but may mistake, that
there have been repeated^instances of applications
of this character, but they have never, so far as
my knowledge goes'; succeeded, and therefore the
general rule which has obtained in the Senate is
not to receive papers of that character. I do not
wish to enter into the subject of the protest again,
or argue the question so much deliberated upon
here; but if those on one side of a question m the
Senate may put its reasons on record, why not the
other? If one side may justify itself upon the
record, why not the other side also ? And when
we come to follow a practice of that kind, all must
perceive that it will occur very often, and I think
that we shall sometimes find very extraordinary
matter upon our record. If we adopt the principle
of allowing a protest to go on the record at all,
then the protestant must be at liberty to insert
such matter as he may think fit and proper, other-
wise it will not be his protest. The Senate, I am
sure, will not amend, alter, or act upon such a
paper; it is not presented for that purpose. And
while I am stating these circumstances, 1 am
making no complaint of the language in which this
paper is couched. I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood that, while I disagree with the opinions ex-
pressed, I am making no objection, no complaint
at all to the language in which it is worded, for it
seems to me respectful and temperate; but it is easy
to see, if we adopt a principle of this character, to
what it may us in the future.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe I stated that it was
not my intention to occupy the time of the Senate
by any debate on this subject; 1 believe 1 stated
that I did not offer it as a matter of right. I was
aware that no instance of this sort has occurred in
this body; hut I was not aware that any member
had been refused the privilege of spreading a pro-
test on the Journals when respectfully asked. As
to the mischiefs to which such a practice may lead,
we have nothing in our experience to enable us to
determine that point; but we know that in the
country from which our ancestors came, and from
which we derive our parliamentary rules and ex-
perience, it is a practice which has been long
known. It does seem to me that there are occa-
sions when members should be permitted to em-
phasize their opposition to a measure. I know
that if the Senate chooses to raise the question, we
have no right to present the protest and have it put
upon the Journal; but we did suppose that upon
an occasion of this sort we might appeal to the
Senate to allow us the privilege so far as to be per-
mitted to put the fact of our opposition and the
reasons for our opposition to this bill in some more
durable form than that which it would findin the
journals of the day. We thought it was an occa-
sion on which we might fairly ask to have it spread
upon the Journals of the Senate.
The PRESI DENT. The Chair feels some dif-
ficulty in deciding a case of this kind, where there
is objection made. In the Constitution there is
nothing to -authorize the putting of a protest on
the Journal. There never has been a case since
the formation of the Government in which a pro-
test has been entered on the Journal. There was
at an early period of the Government an attempt
made to authorize the entering of protests on the
Journal, and it was refused. A motion was made
that on the final question upon a hill, the opposers
of the measure shall have a right to enter a protest
and dissent upon the Journal, with the reasons for
