1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
A member from Pennsylvania, who addressed
the committee some days sincc, [Mr. Stevens,]
felt himself at liberty to urge me to call on my
illustrious friend, as he styled the President of the
United States, and announce to him, in inspired
language, his impending doom. He selected the
very language which I was to utter in the ear of the
President, " Accursed is the man stealer;" and I
was to add to this a solemn entreaty to him to
abandon his slave property, if he desired to escape
the Divine wrath. I shall not offer a single remark
in regard to the offensiveness of this language, in
its application to the Chief Magistrate of the na-
tion, or to myself as a member of this House; but
shall leave it to that prompt condemnation which
it will meet from every man who has any just
«ense of propriety.
The other exception to which I refer, is the
member from North Carolina, who spoke yester-
day. That member thought proper to charge me,
without a single provocation, on my part, with
<l desecrating the Scriptures, by quotations from
them, urging the citizens of the United States to
shed, each other's bloodand he proceeded, far-
ther, to charge me with a design to break up this
Union. These charges were gratuitously made ;
it was not my purpose, to interfere with the mem-
ber, in the course of his speech. His very gross
allusion to me, drew from me an unpremeditated
and indignant denial. Gross as the assault upon
me was—none could be more so—I should have
replied to it in less offensive language. A mo-
ment's reflection would have enabled me to do so,
but my indignation was, for the moment, irrepress-
ible. I pronounced it "false," as it most cer-
tainlv was. Still, sir, however little respcct was
due to the member who could bring against me
such an atrocious charge, I ought to have checked
an indignation, which, however natural it is to
feel under such an outrage, impelled me to make
a harsher reply than I could have desired to make,
in a cooler moment. But, sir, it was an impulse
which every generous man will at once understand
and excuse.
In looking around this arena, Mr. Chairman,
the member had a perfect right to select his ad-
versary; but however much the world may applaud
the discretion with which the member exercised his
right in singling me out, it will not be likely to
award him an ovation for any success which he
may win m the contest. He thought it proper—
perhaps I should say prudent—to pass by all
others, and to throw his gauntlet immediately at my
feet, as he entered the gladiatorial ring—at the
moment in which he referred to me in a manner
which almost every other member of the House,
but himself, would have felt should shield me from
assault. I repeat, sir, the world may applaud the
member's'discretion, whatever it may say of his
manliness.
Now, sir, I deny that I have on any occasion
employed the Scriptures for the purpose which the
member charges on me. Indeed, I have never
drawn upon them, as I remember, for any pur- j
pose whatever, in the debates of this House. I I
have never sought to vindicate slavery by a single j
quotation from them. In my late speech, I ex- j
pressly declined to argue the question affecting the j
rights of the people represented by me, in respect ;
to°slavery, on moral grounds; because the argu- j
ment would admit the jurisdiction of the forum;
and I urged none but political considerations in
support of those rights. ;
Much less, sir, have I at any time sought to
bring the authority of the sacred volume to the
support of violent measures. I distinctly and em-
phatically repel the charge. Let my speech be
examined, and it will be found that the charge of
the member from North Carolina is without even
the coloring of truth. It was, I am confident, hast-
ily uttered. It proceeded from the unbalanced
character of that member's mind, and his malig-
nant disposition toward southern members who
mi ht be supposed ready to condemn his extraor-
dinary course at this critical conjuncture. If I had
thought proper to search the Scriptures for guid-
ance°at this time, I am quite sure that 1 should
have found nothing in them to encourage an aban-
donment of duty by one who is entiusted by his
constituents with the high functions of a repre-
sentative; nor to favor a treasonable surrender, on
his part, of the rights which he was chosen to
uphold and defend. I am here as the representa-
tive of others. Their rights are commuted to my
keeping. Whatever I may encounter, I shall vig-
orously and faithfully contend for those rights. I
find nothing in human or Divine teachings, to en-
courage me to do otherwise. On the contrary, if
I could shrink from their maintenance, because of
any apprehension of encountering opposition from
the open enemies or false friends of those rights, I
should incur the censure of the whole Christian
and political world. In my late speech, 1 made a
single brief quotation from the Scriptures, the
object of which could not be tortured to mean
what the member has charged, but asserted what
every one must admit to be true, that in a constitu-
tional government, political truth, like revealed
truth, must be open to the freest discussion—a
right denied only by a despotic government—
which enforces tranquillity by the crushing might
of power—and formidable only to tyrants and to
traitors.
The other charge brought by the member, in
his heedless manner, as to my disposition to break
up the Union, is also without any foundation in
fact. It is an error into which he has fallen from
the present temper of his mind, which inclines him
to suspect every southern man, who says a word in
behalf of his section, of hostility to the Union. All
such members, he undertakes to arraign and
censure.
I challenge him or any other member of this
House to produce a single remark of mine which
favors the scheme of disunion. No man living is
more profoundly devoted to the Union than i am.
We owe to it our prosperity, our power, and our
glory. Its destruction would involve our own
country in irretrievable ruin, and it would spread
dismay through the ranks of the friends of liberty
in every part of the world.
So far from looking to its disruption as a remedy
for political evils, I would put my life in peril, at j
any hour, to save it. To my vision, it seems to ;
be invested with dangers. I have pointed them j
out; I have appealed earnestly to the patriotism of
this body to save the Union, by a wise, just, and j
noble use of power. This would avert impend-
ing troubles, while it would insure, for the whole :
country, a glorious future. It would strengthen
the Union. 1 claim to be as true a friend to the
Union as the member from North Carolina. We
differ in this: I stand with my people; he takes
occasion, at this conjuncture, when his section is
threatened, by the overwhelming power of a ma- ]
jority, to approach the feet of power, and to give I
"it whatever aid his abilities, or his position, may j
enable him to furnish. He spoke of the wrongs |
which his section has endured, in terms which
were listened to with satisfaction only by those
who oppose the very rights which he was sent
here to uphold and vindicate. His course of re-
mark could hardly fail to fill southern men with
indignation, and even northern men with con-
tempt. He goes over the whole field of contro-
versy, and cannot find a single grievance of which
the South has a right to complain—not even the
disregard of the constitutional provision to sur-
render fugitives from labor, which northern gen-
tlemen themselves admit to bo a wrong. He be-
comes, indeed, the champion of the majority; in-
vites them to press their measures, and threatens
his own people, if they resist, with the military !
power of the Government.
However ready I may be, on all proper occa- I
sions, to do homage to the high qualities of the 1
North, I cannot, at a moment like this—when the
whole strength of that powerful section of the Union
is arrayed against the South—hesitate to take part
with the people, among whom Providence has cast
my lot, in the great struggle through which they
are now passing. Nor can I comprehend how any
southern man—acquainted with the history of his
country, familiar with the wrongs to which the
South has been subjected, m regard to the question
now before Congress—can, for a moment, forget,
or forsake, the cause of that generous and gallant
people. The nobler sympathies of our nature—
in the absence of all the obligations of patriotism—
should impel us to range ourselves on the side of
the feeble against the strong. The course of the
member from North Carolina seems to me to out-
rage both; it does violence alike to the nobler im-
pulses of our nature, and the dictates of patriot-
ism; and, whether it is considered in regard to me
or to his country, it is not likely to be commended
for its elevation, its generosity, or its manliness.
A gentleman from New York, [Mr. White,]
who sits before me, I observe intimates that he
approves the course of the gentleman from North
Carolina, in coming to the aid of the North at this
conjuncture, and says, that the gentleman from
North Carolina sees things through the same me-
dium that he does. That is more than 1 have
charged; for the gentleman from New York has,
on every occasion when a question came up uffect-
ing the rights of the South, voted against the
South. He has, on every occasion, from first to
last, voted for the Wilmot proviso, and sustained
Gott's resolution as to slavery in the District of
Columbia.
These gentlemen, sir—the one coming from New
York, and the other from North Carolina—sent
here by constituencies so widely differing upon
this question, see things through the same me-
dium !
I thank the gentleman from New York for the
timely remark. He admits the extraordinary po-
sition of the member from North Carolina; and
he accounts for it by saying, that " they see
things through the same medium." Such are the
commendations which a southern Representative
receives when he lends himself to carry out the
objects of northern power.
Sir, when at home, I did what I could to allay
sectional feeling. I spoke for the Union; I pointed
to its glorious ensign, floating in conscious pride
over this broad continent, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, and borne by our adventurous seamen into
all the waters of the globe. 1 urged the people
who surrounded me, and to whom the wildest
appeals were addressed by those who undertook
to ride me down, to cherish a patriotic regard for
the whole country; and 1 assured them that no act
of aggression on their rights would be made by
Congress, and that if it were attempted, the act
would be arrested by the President of their
choice. But, sir, standing here, in the midst of
the Representatives of other States, I have felt it
to be my duty, to resist every measure which
would be regarded by the people, for whom I
speak, as an encroachment on their rights or their
honor, and to urge upon this great body, repre- .
senting the whole country, the views which they
entertain of a question which so deeply affects
them. To have done otherwise, would, in my
judgment, have been a gross abandonment of duty
—duty to my immediate constituents, and to my
whole country. While I have thus aimed to do
my duty here faithfully and efficiently, I have in
my correspondence with those I represent, con-
tributed what I could to encourage a sound senti-
ment at home—to repress, rather than to excite
dissatisfaction. I have stated my hope in the just
action of Congress, and my confidence in the
President. I have discouraged all movements
toward effecting a sectional organization, be-
lieving that an occasion would not arise, calling
for any other means of redress, than those which
the forms of the Government afford. In the early
part of the session, when it was impossible to fore-
see what would be done, I joined my colleagues in
j addressing a letter to the Government, in the hope,
! that the real sentiment of the people of Alabama
i would be uttered in firm and moderate resolutions
on the part of the Legislature, and that the Ex-
ecutive of the State would be empowered, in the
event of a serious aggression being made by this
Government upon their rights, to bring the sub-
ject before, the people themselves, to decide upon
] "it, as they alone have the right to do.
1 Such, sir, has been my course, adopted under a
high sense of duty. My aim has been to main-
I tain the rights of the people represented by me,
II and, at the same time, to avert from the Union
| every cause of trouble—so little do I deserve to
! be classed with those who desire to break up the
|l Union. God grant that it may out-ride every
;| storm !
It is not to be denied, that those who represent
a feeble section, must sometimes ap| ear to be im-
I practicable. Their constituents depend, for their
security, upon a strict observance of the organic
law. This they must insist upon; it may put them
in conflict with a majority; their firmness may even
threaten shocks to the system; but they must hold
their position—for when they abandon it, they sur-
render the rights, which they were appointed to
guard, to the unchecked dominion of power. This
Govei nment, without the Constitution, would be an
absolute despotism.
Those of us who have contended for the rights
