185Q.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
such dissent and protest, provided that such pro-
test be made within two days after the final pas-
sage o: the bill. This was July 17, 1789. It was
rejected by the vote of the Senate; and there has
been no instance that I can find, or that the Seore-
taiy has been able to find, on the Journals since
that date, to show that any such action has been
bad.
With regard to the protest presented in the case
referred to by the Senator from Massachusetts,
there is nothing on the Journal which shows that
the protest was presented and refused. The only
thins to be found is the Register of the Debates,
in which his colleague at that time is reported to
have said: '
" And now, bad the Constitution secured the privilege of
entering a protest upon the Journal, I should not say one
word ori lht> occasion ; although, if what is, now proposed
shall be accomplished, I know not what would have been
the value of r-ueh a provi-inn, howevt r formally or eaie-
fuliy it might have been inserled in ihe hody of that instru-
ment. But a- there is no,such constitutional privilege, I
can only effect iny purpose hy thus n(!die=*in<r the Senate;
and I rise, therefore, to make" that "PROTEST in this man-
ner, in the face of the Senate, and in the face ot the cournry,
which I cannot present in any other form."
On that occasion the Senator proceeded to give
his reasons why he was opposed to the measure,
which opposition would have been in the form of
a protest, had the Constitution authorized its being
entered on the Journal. The Chair stated when
he rose that he was in doubt whether a single ob-
jection would be sufficient to cause him to decide
against its being put upon the Journal. He thinks
the Senate itself should decide the question.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts. I have not a
very clear and distinct recollection in regard to the
proceedings, whether or not permission was asked
to place them upon the Journal of the Senate. It
was, in fact, drawn up in the form of a protest,
and I am sure was signed by both of us, and went
before the public, in that form. But since the
Chair has adverted to the remarks of my colleague,
I am convinced that we, being satisfied that it
could not be received here, did not offer it.
The PRESIDENT. That was the fact.
Mr. DAVIS. And when I state the grounds
on which I object to this protest being entered on
the Journal, I beg gent!emen not to consider that
there is anything in the particular case to which I
object at all, but that my objection is to the gen-
eral principle of recording protests. I think that
the practice would lead to mischief, and I am
therefore of opinion that the rule which we have
hitherto observed in this respect should be ad-
hered to.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I do not rise to
oppose the reception of this protest. I have not
looked into the question of parliamentary law
which governs such cases, and perhaps it might
not be in order now to state briefly one or two
reasons which have operated upon me as a south-
ern Senator, in not attaching my name to that pro-
test, for I am not favorable to its introduction here.
If it is m order, I can state those reasons very
concisely.
This, Mr. President, is a very delicate matter !
in some of its bearings. Although some gentle- j
men cannot appreciate the motives by which I have
been actuated, it is due to my constituents 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can only be
permitted to proceed with the indulgence of the
Senate. The paper has not yet been received.
Mr. FOOTE. Sir, I regret that this protest
has been brought here for several reasons. I have
deemed it my duty to oppose the admission of
California as "a separate and substantive measure,
from the.beginning of the session up to the present
moment, f have united with yourself and others
in endeavoring to prevent the admission of Cali-
fornia. That bill has now passed, and I conceive,
therefore, that all patliamentary opposition to that
measure should now cease. My instructions, at
least, do not require of me to sign any protest
against the action of this body. I look upon it as
a little disrespectful, after the Senate of the United
States has acted upon this bill, to enter a protest
in the manner proposed against that action. But
my strongest objection arises from the fact, that
• the action of the Senate, in receiving the protest,
may lead to misunderstanding elsewhere, and may
be attended with mischievous consequences. It
has been said repeatedly that it is the duty of the
South to resist this measure. It is said in a news-
paper which I have now in my hand, and which
is understood .to be the organ of some eighty gen-
tlemen—said, as I think, very indiscreetly, and, so
far as I know, it is npt approved by gentlemen in
any quarter—that:
" Theeoahiiou beiween the northern and southern Ultras
to defeat ihe compromise has been made the ill* me oi bit-
ter objmgaliort by tlm national politicians; and the opposi-
tion of ttie AbohlionMs to them quoted as a proof of their
orthodoxy. And \ er, to force down the throat of the South
the most odious and objeet'onable of all tin; measures—one
which the southern States have declared they would con-
sider as demanding resistance by force—these ver\ men are
fonnd fratermzinz with the fanatics whom they professed so
cordially to condemn."
Now, sir, here is an emphatic declaration that
the whole of the South has declared its intention
to resist this hill by force, if it should become a
law. That, sir, is not the case with the State
which 1 in part represent. Force, sir, has never
been used there in opposition to any measure. And
I understand that the action of the Stale of Geor-
gia has been much misunderstood m different
quarters of the country, in reference to its opposi-
tion to this hill. It is not to be understood as
threatening an armed opposition to this bill, if it
should become a law. Certain proceedings have
occurred, which, in connection with the declara-
tion of several Senators here, and especially of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. SotjLE]
the other day, all going together to the country,
will tend to encourage this movement, and may be
productive of the most injurious consequences.
Feeling that to be the case, feeling that this protest,
however well intended,however high and patriotic
may be the motives of the gentlemen who have got
it up, if it should receive the sanction of the Sen-
ate will in all probability have the very mischiev-
ous consequences that I have spoken of, I feel
bound to protest respectfully against its reception.
For my part, I am satisfied with having solemnly,
by the mode recognized by the Constitution, by
vole and by speech, resisted thendmission of Cali-
fornia. I have gone so far, which I think is as far
as the Constitution allows me to go; and I cannot
join in an act, however well intended, which I fear
will excite persons elsewhere to measures of re-
sistance which I must ever condemn, and which I
should most deeply deplore, if they should occur.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, will the
Senate receive the paper ?
Mr. SHIELDS I do not see that the fact of
I excluding this protest from the Journal of the Sen-
| ate will tend, in the slightest degree, to weaken the
j arguments which are therein set forth. The pa-
! per will go to the country, whether you enter it
| upon your Journal or not; and sofnras I can see,
' the Senator Irom Mississippi [Mr. Foote] has not
urged anything against it that has anv force.
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Davis] that, according to parliamentary
usage, this protest ought not to be recorded on
your Journal. But, sir, there are two rights which,
when urged respectfully, I think ought never to
be denied—the right of petition and the right of
complaint. Now, I go for the-right of petition in
all cases, without respect to the character of the
petition, except where it. is unconstitutional. 1
look upon this as a complaint—the complaint of a
minority, which is couched in the most respectful
terms. They ask, as a favor, as 1 understood the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
to have this protest put upon the Journal; and I
hold that it is only generous and magnanimous to
grant them that privilege. At the same time, let
it be understood that it is not establishing a prece-
dent or a right to be acted upon in future.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I dissent en-
tirely from 
Mr. TURNEY. I would inquire if this paper
has been received ?
The PRESIDENT. It has not. The question
is, Shall the paper be received ?
Ms. BALDWIN. I dissent entirely, sir, from
the views expressed by my honorable friend from
Illinois, who has just taken his seat. And I con-
cur in the opinion expressed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis ] I am opposed to
the reception of this protest, not only for the rea-
sons assigned by that Senator, but for other rea-
sons which seem to me to require that it should
not he received or sanctioned by any action of the
Senate. The Constitution provides amply for the
rights of the minority in both branches of the
Legislature. It gives tlfcm an opportunity of re-
j cording their sentiments by calling the >yeos and
| nays during every stage of the bill. But the spirit
i of the Constitution requires that when a bill has
once passed through all the forms of legislation
into a law, nofliing shall thereafter be placed on
the records of the body which enacted it to weaken
its force.
Congress is open to the reception of petition's'
from the people, or from members of the legisla-
tive body themselves, if they choose to petition
for the repeal of that law. But the law itself
should go forth to the people as the expression of
the will of the entire body. We recognize no di-
vision of sentiment in regard to the obligatory
force of the laws when they have received the
sanction of all the branches of the Government,
which must constitutionally concur in their pas-
sage* They are then deemed to express the will
of the American people. And nothing, in my
judgment, should be suffered to be placed upon the
records of any branch 'of the Government that
may tent! to impair the. moral foice* ofthose laws,
as the authoritative expression of the will of the
nation.
Sir, if we establish this precedent on this occa-
sion—for it seems that it is now to be establishid
for the first, time—how can we res'fst the applica-
tion of the same rule whenever it shall be applied
for hereafter? To what inconveniences will it not
necessarily lead? I make no objection to the lan-
guage or to the spirit of the protest which has been
presented. The argument is in substance the same
that we have heard from the lips of the Senators
who have signed it in debate. I have no objec-
tion to its going forth to the country in any formal
shape which the Senators who have concurred in
it choose to give to it; but I do object to any pro-
test being placed upon the records of this body
which will require, or may be deemed to require,
an answer from those who concurred in the pas-
sage of the act against which it is directed, and
who certainly should have the same piivilegeof
expressing their views in answer upon the record
that gentlemen have who are opposed to the meas-
ure against which they protest.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not rise to
make a speoch, but simply to suggest to the Chair
that there is a precedent for the protest. A pro-
test was offered in the House of Representatives
at the organization of the twenty-eighth Congress,
and some proceedings were had for several days
upon it. I will state the case. It will be recol-
lected by many who hear me that at the organi-
zation of the twentv-eighth Congress three States,
New Hampshire, Georgia, and Missouri, elected
their Representatives bygeneral ticket. Mr. Bar-
nard, of New York, and forty-nine other gentle-
men, signed a protest in the House against the
Representatives of Missouri, Georgia, and New
Hampshire, of which your humble servant was
one, taking their seats. The Journal of theHpuse
says:
" Mr. Barnard offered, in his place, in read a paper sisnrd
bv himself and forty-inne other membeis ot llu* llous*,btit
' nhiect'on was m:ide ; when a motion was submitted ll>at
1 Mr. liamard have leave to read Ihe, paper. That question
! was put bv the Clerk to the House, winch, on a division,
j decided aewiist granting the leave."
| Mr. Barnard so framed his protest as to embody
j it in a resolution, and subsequently in that way to
I get it upon the Journal. Subsequently, on motion
! of Mr. Gilmer, of Virginia, the Journal was cor-
! rected so as to make it appear that the protest had
got upon the Journal surreptitiously. These facts
will all be found to be true on investigation.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not exam-
ine the precedents of the House of Representa-
tives, but of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I merely rise
to refer to a cose in the House of Representatives
which has been furnished me by my friend from
Florida. Mr. Gdrnett, of Virginia, was allowed, in
the House, to spread on the Journal the reasons of
a certain vote which he gave. Here is the case:
"Mr. Smith, of Maryland, moved that the House do re-
consider the vote takm on Saturday J.isst ou the
Shall the declaration of Mr. Garnett, then presented, <ie-
taihng the reasons for and motive ol Ins vote on Thnr.-day
last, on concurring will* Hie Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union in thi'ir ngrrement to the
first re>olu!ion subjoined to the report of lite Committee on
Foreign Affairs on the subject of a recognition of the inde-
pendence of ihe late Spani-h American provinces?
"And on the question, Will the House reconsider the
said vote? It parsed hi the afnunative.
"And on the question, Shall the said paper he placed
on tne Journal? It passed in the affirmative: Yeas 8U,
nays 71."
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I shall vote for the
reception of this paper. I think it respectful to
the members who signed it, and still more respect-
