486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
of the southern people, and have demanded for
them the protection of the Government, may be
denounced for a time—traitors may assail us—the
surges will dash against us;—but when the storm
is gone by, and the great question now before us
is settled, reason and truth will reassert their do-
minion, and will vindicate us against the charge
of faction. It will then be seen how much we
have contributed to restore the action of the Gov-
ernment to its true course, and that determined re-
sistance to aggression is the only effectual mode
of maintaining conservative principles.
In our contests here, sir, this must be borne in
mind. In the language of Edmund Burke, " some-
thing must be allowed to the spirit of liberty." I
shall do my duty; no considerations shall deter
me from it—no reproaches can discourage—no
threats can intimidate me. Harmony can only
be maintained throughout this wide-spread Repub-
lic by a wise, patriotic, and noble use of power.
The people in every part of it must feel that their
rights are protected. To wield the power of the
Government, either to enrich one section at the ex-
pense of another, or to destroy the securities which
protect the property of every portion of the peo-
ple, must give rise to dissatisfaction; and if the
wrong be heavy enough, it will occasion angry
and even fatal convulsions. The right of revolu-
tion resides in every people under Heaven; and
there are wrongs which will drive them to the ex-
ercise of it, unless they are already fit to be made
slaves. No people, who comprehend and love
liberty, will bear too heavy a pressure from power.
He who stands ready, as the representative of a free
people, to surrender their rights to the demands of
power, a,nd to proclaim that no wrongs can drive them
into resistance to their Government, is already dead to
the noble impulses lohich can alone preserve liberty.
If, sir, this Union could be maintained by force
—if it could exist after the whole power of the
Government came to be employed against the
property of the people, of one half of the States—
what generous or right minded man, come from
what section he may, would not prefer to main-
tain it by a just exercise of the political functions
which lie hokU—by a magnanimous forbearance in
the use of strength—than by military power?
Sir, this Union can be perpetuated—not by
force—not by bayonets—but by cherishing the
spirit which gave it its existence, and by a rigid
adherence to the Constitution. I take this occa-
sion to say, that I ask for 110 amendment to the
Constitution; let u stand; let. it be observed in let-
ter and spiut. May it be perpetual! I do not
desire to throw any additional obstacles 111 the
way of a speedy settlement of tbe great question
now pending, i earnestly desire to see it disposed
of in a spirit which will inspire fresh confidence 111
the Government, and give new strength to the
Union.
The member from North Carolina, in his ex-
traordinary speech yesterday, did not content him-
self with inviting us to accompany him to the
tomb of Washington, whither we should all have
gone as willing pilgrims ; but lie alluded to Jack-
son, in such terms, us to revive party animosities,
which have hardly yet had time to die out, and
which, at this moment especially, outrht not to
be revived. He spoke of his exertions for the
preservation of the Union, and of the menaces
which, at a certain period of our country's his-
tory, he had uttered. He then passed to the
President of the United States, and hoped that the
same special Providence wluch had preserved the
lives of the two illustrious men already alluded to,
would keep him; and that he, too, might be able,
in spile of all resistance, to save the Union. How
would that gentleman wish him to preserve it?
By military power > By the exercise of his great
abilities a.-> a militaiy leader? Sir, I greatly miscon-
ceive the character of the President, if he would
not infinitely prefer to serve his country, and to
save the Union, by employing pacific measures,
than by an appeal to arms. My confidence in the
President is unlimited. Recognizing in him great
qualities, which fitted lum, as i believed, lor a
faithful and efficient pejr'oxnjance of Executive
trusts I contributed, what I could, to secure his
nomination at Philadelphia. I had the impression
that the member from North Carolina was op-
posed to it. He now informs me that he was not, I
but aided to bring it about. I, with pleasure, ac-
cept his statement of the fact, and thank him—at
least, for that.
He says, however, that he was not in a Method-
ist Church in that city. If he had sometimes
visited such places, his morals and his manners
would probably both be better than they are to-
day. The remark only discloses the itjcurable
proneness of the member to a line of conduct-,
which must prove far more injurious to him than
it can possibly be to others.
As my position puts it out of my power to ap-
peal to the only considerations which seem to be
potential in holding him to the observance of a de-
cent demeanor, I must, of course, expect to hear
from him the rudest remaiks which his nature can
suggest. No one will be at a loss to account for
such a display of his spirit.
I was observing, sir, that my confidence in the
President, so far from being diminished by a per-
sonal knowledge of him, hasgamed strength. I,
too, look to him in this great crisis. The laurels
which encircle his brow, have been nobly earned;
he does not desire to have them crimsoned with
fraternal blood. History has already claimed his
military achievements for the brightest pages in
which she records great exploits. 1 earnestly
hope that the influence of his high station, and his
great character, will, through all his future days,
be thrown 011 the side of peace; that the evening
of his life may be crowned with even more glo-
rious trophies than war has yielded him; that his
administration will be illustrated by an unswerving
adherence to the Constitution; by afirm protection
of the rights of the weak, whensoever they are
threatened by the power of the strong; and that
his country will hereafter rank him with her bene-
factors, less on account of the victories which he
has won in the field, than for the triumphs which
yet await him in a wise, just, and noble per-
formance of the duties of the great office, to which
he has been called by the American people.
Mr. STANLY. I am very much indebted to
the courtesy of the committee, for the opportunity
of saying a few words, after what we have just
heard. In doing so, 1 shall take especial carc, so
far as the infirmities of human nature will allow,
to say nothing too severe to the reverend political
parson, who has just taken his seat. I shall en-
deavor to restrain myself, not on account of what
is due to his conduct, but on account of what is due
to the profession, which he does not, by any means,
adorn. 1 shall endeavor to preserve that decorum
which is due to this House, and which is due to
my own character; and if I forbear to say any-
thing of peculiar severity to the right-honorable,
and most-reverend preacher, fiom the great State
of Alabama, it will not be on account of whut lie
deserves, but out of rcspect to my own charac-
ter.
Now, here is an exhibition. I wish the coun-
try to see the report which comes to us in the
" Daily Globe," of the proceedings of yesterday,
which I never saw uniil this morning, and
with the reporters of which Iliad no communica-
tion. I do not know who repoited it, or anything
about it. I am willing to let that go out to the
public, and I appeal to every gentleman, of both
parties, m this blouse, to say whether it is cor-
rect or not; and who, according to this report,
stands most to blame in the sight of all good
men. I am willing to take that gentleman before
any Methodist Church in my country, and have
him tried, as to who acted in a manner moie
becoming the gentleman or the Christian—the
reverend gentleman from Alabama or myself. I
hope the Committee will give me credit for the
declaration, that upon the slightest intimation
011 your part, Mr. Chairman, that I was out of
order, I resumed my seat. 1 endeavored to
act with the utmost decorum; but in attempt-
ing to crowd a two hours' speech into one,
(a hard matter, by the way,) I spoke with a
great deal of excitement, and the reporter did not
hear, and has not reported, a remark which the
reverend parson, who, as i shall presently show,
preaches disunion, made in Lis seat. He thrust
himself into thisdebate. I made no allusion to him. i'
I did not know that he was within the sound of ';
my voice. I did not care where he was. I knew
he ought not to have said what he did. I knew
he violated the propriety of his station. I did not
know the gentleman was in the House; but while
I was speaking, he made a remark, with some se-
venty and rudeness, which caught my ear, and I
turned to him and said, I would pay my respects
to him before I was through.
Mr. H1LLIARD. Will the gentleman state
what the remark was ?
Mr. STANLY. " It was not true," " Not so;"
or something of the kind, and it touched me in a
moment.
Mr. HILLIARD. The gentleman wholly mis-
conceived my remark. I am incapable of making
use of such an expression , unless offence has first
been given me. I simply inquired of a gentleman
near me, whether——[the rest of the sentence was
lost to the reporter.]
Mr. STANLY. How did I know, when the
gentleman spoke in his seat, whether he intended
the remark for me, or any one else? The gentleman
spoke in a loud voice, and the remark caught my
ear, and produced the effect of exciting my feel-
ings in a moment. For that reason, I turned to
the gentleman from Alabama. But for his thrust-
ing himself into the debate, m that way, I should
have made no allusion to him. He now disclaims
any such purpose. 1 should have thought him
incapable of it, but for the speech of this morning.
I think he has shown that he is not incapable of
such a purpose.
Mr. HILLIARD. Will the gentleman fdlow
me a word r
Mr. STAJNLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILLIARD. I am, I insist, incapable of
originating any offensive remark to any gentleman;
and 1 take occasion distinctly to say, that inad-
vertently 1 made a reply to the very harsh state-
ment made by the gentleman against myself, which
I could not have made upon reflection. But I in-
sist that the original grievance came from the gen-
tleman. I had no purpose of interfering with
him, nor had I any intention of offering him the
slightest indignity, nor would I at this moment say
anything, but for the necessity of vindicating
myself.
Mr. STANLY. God' help the conscience of
these political parsons. I do not understand what
their conscience is. I do not like this tame-snake
way of doing business—this professed gentleness
—yet this malignant attempt to wound. Let a
man be either fish or flesh, politician or parson,
and we will know how to take him.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama com-
menced this morning, by saymg that he was a
member of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Yes, and I referred to the fact yesterday, in cour-
tesy. He promulgates it this morning. He knew
it, and the country knows it, from extracts which
have been published from his sermons. He is
one of those gentlemen, I doubt not, who desire to
procure the eclat of the galleries, and the compli-
ments of the ladies, for his sermons; and he comes
here this morning to pour out his malice upon
me. I cannot but have respect for that Church,
from the associations which are connected with it
111 my own mind. In my youth, I attended its
ministrations. I have a high respect for its clergy,
in spite of the exhibition we have had here this
morning. They are the pioneers of religion in our
country. They are not like the gentleman from
Alabama, who knows a great deal more about
Vatlel, Bynkershoek, and Grotius de Jure Belli,
than of the Epistles of St. Peter, St. Paul, or St.
James. But they are these hundred dollar men,
who take their ponies and saddle-bags, and ride
through our American forests, sending forth glad
tidings of great joy to the black and the white.
They are to religion, what our Yankees are to com-
merce, they go where nobody else goes, and do
not preach for glory, or for pay, like the gentle-
man from Alabama, or any of that sort. They
do not dance in attendance on the great—are not
" Fiequent in park with lady at his side,
* * * T * -V k
Constant at louib, familiar with a round.
Of *
Through these men, "the poor have the Gospel
preached unto them." Did the committee observe
what the gentleman said this morning ? In the most
emphatic way he had, he said that " no gentleman
would" so and so. /
Mr. HILLIARD. I said, I thought no gentle-
man could allow himself 
Mr. STANLY. Exactly—that" no gentleman
could allow himself.'' Now, I want to know how
I am to treat with him—as a parson or as a politi-
cian? I wish to be moderate in my remarks to-
ward him, notwithstanding his assault this morn-
ing. Does it become a follower of the meek and
lowly Jesus, who was despised of men—a man of
