1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
sorrows, and acquainted with grief—who,when He
was smitten on one cheek, turned the other ajso—
to get up,and taunt a member, that he is " no gen-
tleman ?" Is that Alabama Methodism ? No, sir!
that is the preacher of the disunion gang! What
is the tenor of the gentleman's speech ? How does
he refer to me? " The member from North Caro-
lina." Now, we know that if any gentleman
chooses to be offensive in debate, it is usual for
him to say, " the member." is that acting up to
his professions ? Is it in accordance with the rules
of decorum and propriety? I submit to mm even,
in his cool moments, to say if he did not show
some bitterness of feeling? The gentleman has
shown, by his remarks, that I have a higher re-
spect for what is due to a member of this House,
and what is due to a gentleman, than he has.
The gentleman spoke of my coming here into
the gladiatorial arena, and commended my dis-
cretion in choosing my adversary, intimating that
I should have attacked some one who was not a
clergyman—a very gentle hint that there was
some cowardice in my attacking him. I suppose
this old Anti-Mason—I heg pardon; I will say,
this venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens]—is another gentleman who should not
have been attacked? There was an intimation, this
morning, that I chose my adversary. I submit to
the House, and to the gentleman's own constitu-
ents, whether it is quite becoming a clergyman to
intimate, in the style he did, that I selected him
because he was a clergyman. I did not reply to
his abusive epithet and coarse language, when he
said, that what was stated was " false,'' without
asking what I meant, or my saying a word, or
giving me a chance for explanation. Let this
record, [holding up the "Globe,"] published this
morning, say who deported himself most in ac-
cordance with the rules of propriety and deco-
rum—the gentleman or myself.
Now, a word about this desecration of the
Scriptures, The gentleman from Alabama, in a
speech delivered on the 14th of February, 1850,
says:
" We cannot sulmit to the tranquillity which a d^potit-m
would impose. We hold that political truth is like revealed
truth—let it first be pure, then peaceable."
If I understand the honorable gentleman, he just
now disclaimed having been guilty of a desecra-
tion of the Scriptures. Now, what is a desecration
of the Scriptures? I may have been guilty of it
yesterday, myself. I confess myself liable to the
imputation. We do not all refer, in conversation,
with proper reverence to the Scriptures; but,
according to the meaning given by lexicographers,
to "desecrate," is " to divert from a sacred pur-
pose;" to use irreverently; to quote it to
"Toiut amoral, or adorn a tale."
That is all I meant—nothing more; and 1 had not
the most distant idea, I assure the House, on the
word of a gentleman, to say anything in that re-
mark, to injure the feelings of the honorable gen-
tleman from Alabama. Not the most distant.
The gentleman thrust himself upon me, as I said
before, when I was highly excited in debate, say-
ing, "It is false." Now, where is this "first
pure, then peaceablc?" from the General Epistle
of St. James?
I wish the honorahle gentleman had read that
whole chapter this morning before he came here;
it would greatly have assuaged the severity of
some of his remarks. The Apostle tells us,
" But the wisdom that is from above is—first pure, then
peaceable; gentle, and easy to be entreated; full ot meicy
and good fruits; without partiality, and without hypocrisy."
"Was the gentleman from Alabama " gentle" yes-
terday ? or " easy to be entreated" Has
to-day? Has
?" Alas! what
he been disposed to show " mercy
are the "fruits" of his wisdom? And the next
verse which I commend to him is," And the fruit
of righteousness is sown in peace, of them that
makepeace." Has the gentleman,after a night's
rest, evinced any wish to make peace? Let his
willful misrepresentations of this morning answer.
Mr. Chairman, 1 confess the great embarrass-
ment I feel in this controversy. The gentleman
told us, in the beginning of his attack—what his
deportment would never have revealed—that he
toils a clergyman, and thus lie throws his poisoned,
shafts and holds up his clerical coat, in terrorem,
when' he is called on to defend himself. A man
cannot "serve two masters." This is no place
for one whose life is dedicated to the service
of his Maker. But if such persons will be
here, let them behave peaceably, not preach-
ing discord; and out of this House, let them
afford material for letter-writers to report how
prettily they preached, and how beautifully they
talked, not only of holy things, but of what
they had seen in foreign lands. But let them not
" desecrate the Scriptures," by quoting them to
justify civil war. How far the gentleman has
done so, I leave him, in his cooler moments, to
decide.
M . HILLIARD. If I can only be allowed
fifteen minutes 
Mr. STANLY. Yes, fifteen times fifteen, if I
can only get a chance to come back.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I mustob-
jectto that, until lean have a touch at these young
men.
The CHAIR said the courtesy of the committee
extended to but one speech.
Mr. STANLY. 1 shall proceed.
Mr. HILLIARD. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to state, that I had
furnished the letter-writers with paragraphs re-
specting my own discourses?
Mr. STANLY. No. I recommended him to
preach such sermons as these letter-writers could
take down and send home, to show how beauti-
fully he does preach. That is all.
Mr. HILLIARD. 1 desire to understand dis-
tinctly the charge. Does the gentleman mean to
say that I have furnished the letter-writers with a
single paragraph in regard to my own discourses?
It is atrocious. I distinctly state, that I have nei-
ther seen nor heard of any such notice.
Mr. STANLY. No; "stick to your voca-
tion, Hal." Preach pretty sermons. Let the lct-
ter-writers take them down—send them home, to
be put in ladies' albums—to show how beautifully
the gentleman preaches in relation to the law of
Moses, and what he saw in foreign countries. 1
am tired of this " Miss Nancyism" in politics in
the pulpit. We have had enough of it.
I read an anecdote some years ago, of a cardi-
nal, who flourished in the days when cardinals
were field-marshals; and the cardinal was a good
man, and the marshal a wicked one. The marshal
had committed some act of injustice, and one of
his friends asked him, "How can you, a holy
man, justify such an act?" The cardinal replied,
he did that act as a marshal—as a nnlitaiy com-
mander. "But," said his friend, "if the devil
gets the marshal, what will become of the car-
dinal?"
I commend this anecdote to the consideration of
the politician and parson, who has assailed me
this morning. And I tell the gentleman, there are
a great many good people of his own Church,
who believe, with me, that this place does not
afford the best field for those who ought to be un-
contammated by the world—who ought to be i
shining lights—and by their example, teach us to
reap the fruit of righteousness, sown in peace,
of them that make peace."
The gentleman spoke of the want of balance in
my mind. Nothing personal in that? Well, if
my mind is unbalanced, 1 am sorry for it. Such
as it is, God gave it to me. I am thankful for it.
I wish I had more. Whether 1 have more charity
than the gentleman from Alabama, I will leave for
the House and the country to decide. Whether
my mind is balanced, or whether my heait is in
the right direction toward the country, let the
country decide. j1
The gentleman asks me with an air of triumph, j|
I if there is a single passage in his speech which con- j
I tains disunion sentiments. Certainly, there_are ;
! several of them, or L do not understand the Eng- ;
j lish language. Hear the following extract: what |
! does he mean in this sentence? ;
| "A ,*pnit equally determined prevails at ihe South; !
; throughout that entire region there exists a single purpose ■
; in regard to tins threatened aggiession, and thut to icsxst '
j it to the !
| What is the meaning of " resisting to the last.:" j
i Why did he not, if he meant war and bloodshed, :
' tell us what resistance means ? Does he not mean j
; civil war? Does any man in his senses doubt it? '
How else will the gentleman from Alabama resist j
'l the action of the Government? I asked him the
.! other day, when speaking, what he meant by
i resistance? he gave no answer. I asked him
! after he concluded his speech; he gave no answer.
| He can give none. I defy him to give any, except
!' civil war and bloodshed.
Hear him again—page 2 :
" If we should admit California into the I nion as a Siat j,
with the boundaries now claimed by its inhabitants, with-
out receiving guaranties for the protection of our rights io
other portions of the territories belonging to us, we should
transfer the sceptre of political power at once, and forever,
into the hands of the enemies of our institutions, and the
slavehoidmg States would enter upon a fixed, dreary, hope-
less minority, in the face of a growing aggression which
thieatens our very existence."
Again he says :
"The time is come when the slaveholdmg States must
throw up barriers against all future aggressions, unless they
are ready to surrender all weight in the Confederacy, of
which they form a part, and tamely submit to any policy
which an overwhelming majority may impose upon them.
The time is come not only to resist the measures which now
threaten them, but to demand guaranties for their future
protection
"If California comes in without guaranties,"
what sort of guaranties I do not know, after his
disclaiming a desire for an amendment of the Con-
stitution. Is not this preaching disunion? Is it
not telling his constituents they must fight:
Hear him again;
" For one, sir, I am for offering battle at once. I am for
atakinjr everything upon a single field. We shall never be
in better condition lor contesting it than we are now ; and
if we are hereafter to struggle for a foothold in Deseretand
New Mexico, I prefei to struggle for ascendency in Califor-
nia too, that we may bear our institutions with us to the
Pacific coast."
What sort of " battle ?" Is that in a Pickwick-
ian sense? Is that "first pure, then peaceable?"
Wow, if an advocate of the resolution of '99, one
of the " double F. V's" were to get up and say
" We hold that political truth, like revealed truth,
is first pure, then peaceable," it would not be
worse than I have heard.
I can understand how some " ninety-eight or
ninety-nine"gentlemen may think that Jefferson's
wisdom came from above, unless when he wrote
of slavery.
Hut what does that mean, " I am for offering
battle at once."
iVIr. MILLIARD. 1 will relieve the gentle-
man's doubts. I meant it in a parliamentary
sense—for pressing the question here in Congress
to a complete setllement.
Mr. STANLY. I am glad to hear it. ,Let the
country understand it. Then the Union is not to
be dissolved. Last Saturday was the day ap-
pointed, according to one prophecy, from a distin-
guished quarter, that I saw in a newspaper. It is
true, a terrific wind broke the flag pole of the
Senate, and threw the roof off the Winner build-
ing, on that day; but the Union is not to be dis-
solved, and the preacher of discord is only using
these threats in a Pickwickian sense !
But 1 am glad to hear this was only meant in a
parliamentary sense. If this gentleman had said
this when I asked him the question, when he made
his speech, I should not have thought it proper to
comment on this speech; and I would stop here,
except that he has made it necessary, by his un-
charitable remarks of this morning, that I should
prove I had good cause for my inferences.
The gentleman, that he may kindle sectional ani-
mosities, says, the "southern States have borne the
' pressure of the Government; they have witnessed
' the steady decline of their commercial prosperity;
'they have seen their emporiums languish, and
'their ships decay; yet, under all this adverse
' fortune, they have stood by the country; they
' have asked no legislation for their benefit; they
' have poured their wealth into your treasury;
1 they have seen it scattered without stint, in other
' parts of the Confederacy. What is this but the
old nullification jingle of words?
Again, on page six, the gentleman says;
'■ Survey, sir, tin- whole extent of that wide-spread region,
beg'tnnug at tlie Potomac, which rolls us waters in our
view, to the almost tropical plains of southern Texas, and
i.iuwill see signs which may well fix your attention; one
ti'einiij, one purpose, one spirit, moves the entire mass or
awakened and indignant Ireemen. You may alino&t near
i the tones m which ihey announce their solemn purpose, not
on ly to le-ist your thrp.tiened eneioachments3 but to demand
guaranties lor their future salety."
What does all this mean ? It sounds, to my
ears, like the words of those who thieaten to come
' here with arms, and take forcible possession of
1 the Capitol. It sounds very like the words of a
i gentleman from Geoigia, not in Congress, who
wrote a furious letter, advocating a Southern Con-
I ventton, [Mi. Troupe.] Is all this in a par-
, Iiamentary sense > if so, the gentleman does not
awee with those who mean more, when they use
, lus words. But hear him again;
; «If it be your settled policy to deny the slaveUoldiuj
