15B2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
this kind had occurred, and though the Senate has
never, in a single instance, authorized the intro-
duction upon its Journal"of the protests of dis-
senting- members of the body, it does seem to me,
I say, that, under such circumstances, we should
be setting a precedent not free from inconvenience,
if not danger. "
Although this privilege is existing in the State
Legislatures, and is never the subject of abuses, so
far as I.know, (ceitainly it never has been in my
own"State,) yet it is manifest that the nature of
this body, and (Ire. character </f the questions
which arise ami are discussed here, and the im-
mense, high, overpowering consequences that are
frequently attached to those questions, render it
far more liable that the introduction of such a pre-
cedent would (>e followed by repeated applications
of a similar kind, in which, notwithstanding the
views entertained upon this subject by the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] I think it would
not be a very easy matter for the Senate to dis-
criminate properly in the exercise of its discretion.
It has, therefore, seemed to me that the Senate
ought lo pause before such a privilege is conceded.
The Constitution has provided for an opportunity
to every man, upon the call of a very small por-
tion of this body, and almost always to be ob-
tained, of recording upon the Journal the vote
which he gives upon every measure. There seems,
therefore, to be no necessity for such a privilege
being conferred, and I suppose the Constitution
did not confer it because the other provisions con-
ta'ned in that instrument were supposed to an-
swer every necessary purpose of giving publicity
and perpetuation to the vote of the members upon
every question.
Tnerefore, Mr. President, if I had been called
upon to vote on this question, immediately upon
its being presented to the Senate this morning, 1
should undoubtedly have voted against allowing
the introduction of this paper to go upon our Jour-
nal. But there are gentlemen upon every side of
the Chamber much more conversant with the his-
tory and conduct of this body than 1 am, and much
more, able to judge as to the probable consequences
of this deviation from our practice heretofore.
Entertaining ihe opinion that such a document as
tivs, instpad of having an ill may have a good
effect, in the present condition of the country; be-
lieving, strongly believing that ihere will be no
necessary or probable inconvenience of magnitude
arising from the concession now asked for on the
part of the gentlemen who "present this paper, I am
not prennred to amy myself against such a body
of intelligent judges; and, therefore, though con-
trary to my own individual opinion, as to what
would be strictly the proper disposition of this
question, I shall interpose no objection to it, but
consent to the reception of this paper, and the in-
sertion of it on the Journal.
Mr. BENTOM. I did not hear the paper read.
I do not know a word of.its contents. I do not
' know who has signed it, and I am glad I do not.
I do not care whether there are five, or ten, or
twenty mimes appended to it. One Senator told
me this morning that he hud signed it, but I do
not even know the names of the others. [ am ut-
terly opposed to this thing;. It is certainly an in-
novation upnn th<* proceedings of this body. It
will certainly be the first time, ifjt is done, that it
has been done. I will not undertake to say that it
is the first time that it has ever been proposed, but
what I will say is, that I do not recollect of its ever
having been proposed before. Our Government
has now heen working sixty years ; but there is no
example in all that time of a protest having been
placed upon the record of this body. Our Govern-
ment was framed upon that of Great Britain.
We have copied from it what we deemed good
and suitable to our purpose, and left out that
which we did not deem suitable to our form of
government. In Great Britain the Lords have a
right to protest. Every one may protest for him-
self, and there are ensfs of a single Lord entering
his protest upon the Journal. Our Government
has now been in operation sixty years, and the
American Senate has never imitated that example.
Thry have not hegun that work of protesting by
entering on the Jonrrml their protests against, the
acts of thebody. The Constitution of the United
States certainly provides for the rights of the mi-
nority. for it gives an ample constitutional right
to a minority as small as one fifth of the whole num-
ber present of having their real protest entered upon
the Journal—their vote nay, that is the real pro-
test—and that is an absolute right, secured not
to a bare minority, but to a minority as small as
'one fifth part of those who are present. It is se-
cured t0 them, then, by constitutional enactment.
It is secured to them by the privilege of debate.
Our Constitution gives the freest privilege of de-
bate to its members. No one is to be called in
question outside of this body for what he-says
within it. They have also, besides this, a right to
enter their name on the Journal,, where it is to
stand; the absolute right to-give all the reasons
they choose to give against any measure. They
are not only allowed to speak their reasons, but
they have the absolute right to publish their rea-
sons; and that absolute right to publish their rea-
sons has been further promoted and secured to
them by a provision in this body for regular re-
porters, and by giving them not only commodious
places in different parts of our Chamber, but upon
the floor itself, between the members and the pre-
siding officer; and the debates which are thus taken
down, and the reasons thus given, we have made
provision to have published in the most a(utheniic
form. We have provided for their publication in
two daily papers, giving the right to the member
to revise what has been said, in order that it may
go correctly before the country. And, besides
that, we have a provision for perpetuating these
revised debates, in the shape of a register, which
stands for the history of' our proceedings, and for
the preservation of all that is said here. This is
the provision which has been made, partly by the
Constitution and partly by the act of the body it-
self, for preserving all that is said for and against
thatmeasures under debate; and, in my opinion, it
is precisely enough—it is precisely enough. And ,
the fact that sixty years have elapsed since this I
Government was created, and no instance of this i
kind has occurred heretofore, is a proof that by I
our fathers and those who framed the Constitu-
tion, no such thing was ever contemplated; and
we have at least waited until they are dead and
gone before we attempted to do it.
Now, sir, it is not necessary to argue on the in-
convenience which may result from the introduc-
tion of this practice. What is necessary t.o show
the opinions of the members is provided for by
the constitutional right of saying "aye" and "no,"
and the care we have taken to have the debates
published. Nothing more is needed, and no gen-
tleman need fear that his opinion on any measure
will not go correctly before the country. But, sir,
where is to be the hmtt to this inconvenience if
you begin it. Is there to be no limit to the num-
ber of those who may protest? The Constitution
has limited those who may protest, and who have
the absolute right of protesting in the shape of
" nay," to one fifth of the members present. If
you begin with this business, to what number will
you limit the right of protesting? Will you limit
it to one fifth, or one tenth, or one sixtieth? There
is no limit to it. You must go down to a single
member. You must give full liberty, as they do
in the British House of Lords. A single Lord
may enter his protest. A single Senator may enter
his protest. A single one must have the right,
and if one may do so, so may everybody, and you
may have just as many protests entered on your
Journal as ihere are members dissenting from the
measure. Nor do [ see that you can limit it to
those merely who have dissented. Others must
have the privilege of stating the grounds on which
they have dissented to the reasons and arguments
on which a thing may have been done in which J
they themselves may have concurred. You can |
have 110 limit to the number. One may do it, and i
every one may do it for himself. Then, sir, as to I
the length and magnitude of the document to be !
put on the record. The member is himself the j
judge of what he will put on and of what length it '
shall be. He presents his own side of the ques- >
tion. That is all. And m presenting his own '
side of the question lie of course puts at a disad- I
vantage on the record those who stand upon the i
other side. Grant him all fairness, grant him a
disposition to do right and to state what is right,
he has still the advantage of placing upon °the I
record his own opinions, and those of the other
side are not placed on it. But, Mr. President,
what if questions shall arise upon .the papers to
be admitted—if those papers should be disputed—
if one of the members on the opposite side gets
up and disagrees to what is asserted, what scenes
are then to take place on this floor? Can you
alter the protest ? If it is the privilege of the mem-
ber to enter his protest, it must be iiis protest and
not the protest of other persons, which it would
be if other persons might alter it.
Mr. President", I look upon this as an innovation
of the most serious kind, the consequences to re-
sult from which no man can at this time foresee.
Looking upon it in this most serious point of
view, if the yeas and nays have not been called for
by others, I shall call for them, in order to enter
my protest in the shape of " nay" against an in-
novation like this, so novel, and which, I appre-
hend, will be found so fruitful in inconvenience
and evil in the future.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. I think, Mr. President, that
there are very serious questions connected with thia
proposition, and I dislike to see an indication to
dispose of it in this hurried manner during the
morning hour. I confess, when this subjefet was
first proposed, that I was very decidedly of the
opinion which has been suggested by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] that there
were very serious objections to it, and I have felt
great reluctance in yielding, in def<ranceto older
and more experienced members of this body, as to .
the course to be pursued in regard to it. This is
the first time that such a thing as this has been
proposed to be done in the Senate; and I ask, ia
this a time or an occasion when we should depart
from the ordinary usage? Is the country so per-
fectly quiet, and safe, and out of danger, and be-
yond all difficulty, that we may readily depart
from the usages of sixty years at this particular
time, and with reference to this particular subject?
Say, if you please, it is but granting a courtesy;
yet we should remember that in granting a cour-
tesy to day, we are establishing a rifle of ihe Sen-
ate for to-morrow; and in establishing this prece-
dent we may be establishing a new parliamentary
law for the guidance of the Senate. I feel pecu- '
liarly situated in regard to this subject. I am on
such terms and under such relations with those
who piesent this protest, that I am disposed to
yield in courtesy to them anything which it would
be becoming in me to yield. It so happens that
in regard to this bill, and on every important
qnestion, so far as my health has permitted me to
be here, I have voted with them, and it is also a
fact that a,most all the reasons stated in that pro-
test I have adopted myself in the course of the
discussions which have occurred here. Yet, not-
withstanding all this, in voting to receive and enter
upon the Journal this paper, I shall do it with great-
er reluctance and with greater doubts than I have
ever felt in regard to any vote which I have ever
given in the Senate.
It has been justly said by several Senators that
the yeas and nays given on a measure are a suffi-
cient protest, as it puts the position and the action
of every man on the Journals, where this protest
seeks to go; and as for Ihe reasons which influence
that action, they are sufficiently spread before the
public in our published debates and by the press
generally. Where, then, can there be a reason for
this additional step to secure the record of these
reasons? Either this protest does mean, and is
intended to mean, something more than is ex-
pressed by the.vote of yeas and nays on your
Journals, or it does not. In either case ought it to
go there? The Constitution has not said that it
should go there, and why should we place it there?
I think it is proper for the Senate to consider, in
vojing on this subject, that the Senate of the
United States is not an ordinary legislative body,
and that there is no other of the kind in th^ world.
It is the representation of sovereign States, and not
of the people of the States, which compose this
body. Therefore, I think Senators should pause
and reflect well before, they spread on the Journals
the protest of the whole representation in this
body of, I believe, three States, and of half the
representntion of several others, on the important
questions which have so long agitated ihe country, v
and are likely to agitate it to such an extant here-
after. I do not impute any wrong motive, for I do
not believe that any exists, to those who desire
this. I assume to speak only of its effect. If the
effect of voting this protest on the Journals of the
Senate of the United States is'supposed to be to
place the States represented by the Senators who
hare attached to it their names on a different foot-
ing, and in a different position in regard to these
