488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
States any participation in the territory now belonging to
us, or hereafter to belong to «<?, f en the time is come,
when the southern States must decide a grave quer-thm—
either to submit to a gradual, but perfectly ceitain, change
in their organic structure, or to resist the threatened en-
cjoachment on their rights, at ever, hazard."
i6 At every hazard !" Is that in a " parliamen-
tary sense?"
Mr. HILLIARD. In referring to offering
battle, I meant that particular phrase in a par-
liamentary sense. But the gentleman, surely,
must understand that I insisted upon the opinion,
which I sincerely hold, that certain acts of ag-
gression by this Government, would drive the
people of the southern States into revolutionary
resistance.
Mr. STANLY. What do you mean by "at
every hazard."
Mr. HILLIARD. I meant to say, that, in my
judgment, the passage of the Wiimot proviso
would drive the southern people into resistance.
Mr. STANLY. How?
Mr. HILLIARD. Revolutionary resistance.
I meant that such would be the effect of the pas-
sage of the Wiimot proviso. Does not the gen-
tleman think so ?
Mr. STANLY. What?
Mr. HILLIARD. Think that it will drive
them to resistance.
Mr. STANLY. No; not by a Nashville Con-
vention disunion and civil war! I told you that
North Carolina would not go with that crowd.
When resistance becomes necessary, North Caro-
lina will act " on her own hook."
Mr. HILLIARD. How ? Will you go armed ?
Mr. STANLY. If I were a preacher I would
go unarmed; or against preachers, unarmed.
Mr. HILLIARD. Does the gentleman believe
that the southern people would, or would not, re-
sist the passage of the Wiimot proviso?
Mr. STANLY. I believe there is no danger of
the Wiimot proviso being passed.
Mr. HILLIARD. Butan3\ver.
Mr. STANLY. I will " not answer him?" I
do not believe there is any danger; but I believe—
as I said in the legislature of my own State, last
year, and now repeat—that the people of No)th
Carolina will stand by the Union, Wiimot pro-
viso, or no Wiimot proviso.
Mr. HILLIARD. Would they submit, or re-
a'st?
Mr. STANLY. Submit and resist are not
words in my parliamentary vocabulary.
Mr. HILLIARD. Will the gentleman allow
me a single moment?
Mr. STANLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILLIARD. Does the gentleman mean
to assert, that the people of the southern country
would, or would not, resist the Wiimot proviso,
in a revolutionary sense?
Mr. STANLY. I do not believe they would.
God forbid that I should entertain any such idea.
As i said at home, in the legislature of my own State,
so I say now—they would not, and if they even
intended to do so, after what we have heard from
the distinguished Senator from South Carolina—
after what we have heard from the honorable mem-
ber from Alabama—I say, God deliver me fiom
such associates, if we are going into the business
of engaging in war, according to the plan of the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] or to
act according to the wishes of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade.] I said in our General
Assembly in North Caiulina, what I now repeat:
"Whether the Wiimot proviso should be adopted
'or not, the people of North Carolina will stand
' by the Union, as the ark of their political safety—
' as a main pillar in the edifice of real independ-
ence: the support of tranquillity at home; of
'peace abroad; of safety, of prosperity, and of
' that very liberty tiiey so highly prize."
Is the gentleman answered ?
He now, under excitement, says he meant,
"resist at every hazard"—" revolutionary resist-
ance;" though a few moments since he said, he
only means that "in a parliamentary sense." Has
he not " confessed the corn," as the saying is,
that he did preach disunion? that he intended
"revolutionary resistance" to an act of Congress?
He stands guilty, according to his own confession
here this morning.
Now, I have shown, that the gentleman from
Alabama did preach disunion m his speech; and
he thrust himself into the debate yesterday.
He tells us of great things he did in the canvass
-that he was the " ensign of the Re-
in Alabama-
public."
Now, sir, I had rather hear these praises from
some other source. Why, if the gentleman bore
the ensign of the Republic at home, can he not
bear it here ? I suspect the truth is, he is thinking
of the political co/nplexion of his district: he is
afraid some Whig, who wishes to come to Con-
gress, will be more like a lion than he—will roar so
loudly against aggression, that the ladies (as in
the play) may not know it is only a parson, and
be afraid. Is he not afraid of some dozens of
Whigs or Democrats, in his district, who want to
come here?
Now, the gentleman said that I was a cham-
pion of that section. What section? He inti-
mated the northern section. 1 am glad to hear
that accusation from that quarter. It rejoices my
heart, to know that I am entirely free of such con-
duct as meets the approbation of that gentleman.
It is one of the proudest things for me, to think
of as long as I live.
The gentleman says that I said nothing about
fugitive, slaves. Look at the report; ask this
House. I said the North ought to comDiy with
the provisions of the Constitution, and no" doubt
would. This report in the " Globe," snows that
the gentleman is mad—blind with passion—that
he did not hear my remarks, nor what 1 ,vas talk-
ing about.
Mr. BILLIARD. On the contrary, I said the
gentleman did say so. His argument was, that
the whole trouble about that subject grew out of
party movements; that there was no real cause
for dissatisfaction.
Mr. STANLY. That is not the point. He said
that I said " nothing about northern conduct." 1
did. I referred to the agitation as caused by south-
ern Democrats, and the " Union" newspaper and
Abolitionists. The gentleman cannot change the
issue.
The gentlemen says I threatened my own peo-
ple. I will not use ihe only appropriate epithet
which this chaige deserves. I made no threat of
any kind. I did refer to my own people. 1 said,
their lot was to be my lot, their fate my fate,
their God my God;and whateverevil should bel'al
them, my camp—in alluding to an anecdote bor-
rowed from the gentleman from Kentucky—I said,
my camp was to be on the battle ground; and yet
the gentleman says i threatened my own people.
How did I threaten? Even a distinguished Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] cannot go all
lengths with Mr. Calhoun. My 41 thieat" was,
that public indignation would overtake all the fol-
lowers of that gentleman, [Mr. Calhoun.] One
who could make such a charge against me, would
"desecrate the Scriptures."
But the gentleman found fault with the reference
I made to General Washington's suppressing re-
bellion, to General Jackson's suppressing the
nullification rebellion, and to the fact that Gereral
Taylor, whose life Providence had guarded in so
many dangeis, would not betiay his trust, and
forget his oath.
My feeble tribute to the memory of General
Jackson, grates harshly on the cars of the gentle-
man from Alabama. I am sorry for it. Though
I differed in opinion with others, as to his civil
administration, his patriotic conduct in 1833, in
putting down nullification, commanded my high-
est gratitude and admiration. And here let me
say, my intercourse with many Demociats here,
and at home, has overcome many prejudices 1
entertained against them. And upon this question
of union, or civil war, I shall offer them the right
hand of fellowship—especially those who have
expressed their manly indignation of impudence
and arrogance, in a manner becoming freemen. I
•shall be proud to be found side by side with those
of them who rebuke treason, and stand up for the
Union, and the whole country.
The gentleman from Alabama hopes General
Taylor will distinguish himself by calm and pa-
cific measures. Did I intimate, or has any one
intimated, that General Taylor would use force?
I think not. I might have said, lie was sworn to
support the Constitution, and see that the laws
were faithfully executed. And I believe he will;
and I suppose his worst enemies will hardly doubt
that. '
But, Mr. Chairman, will the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama tell me why he did, twelve
months ago, in the southern caucus, stand up
against aggression ? What aggression has the
North committed since then, whenhe,and several
others, voted to lay on the table the Southern Ad-
dress? What new light has dawned upon him ?
Why, sir, he saw new lights in the late canvass
in his district, under his " ensign of the Republic."
But I made no threat. I have heard no threats
from General Taylor. My time will not allow
me to see him often; and, if it did, I commiserate
too much any one who is compelled to teceive
so many visits, to allow myself to trouble iiim
with calls. 1 could have referred to the threats
General Jackson made against a distinguished
southern Senator, and some others. And within
the last month, I have heard it from two gentle-
men, who heard General Jackson say: " Let these
persons but commit one overt act, and I will hang
them as high as Haman, by the Eternal!"
But, with as much foundation as he had for
other charges, the gentleman from Alabama said,
I was opposed in Philadelphia to General Tay-
lor's nomination.
Mr. HILLIARD. I withdrew it upon the gen-
tleman's own statement.
Mr. STANLY. I give him credit for withdraw-
ing one charge; the proof to contradict him was too
near at hand. I hope the gentleman will aid me
in supporting the peaceful measures recommended
by the President. But one word of the Philadel-
phia Convention. I stated, while he was speaking
just now, that in Philadelphia I had no intercourse
with the gentleman; that I should have looked for
him at some Methodist Church. The gentleman
replied, it would have been better for my manners
and morals. To this I answered, that if my man-
ners and morals had been improved, it would not
have been owing either to his preaching or to his
example. "And what did the reverend gentleman
say to this provoked repurtc-e? He said, 1 could not
help " ceitain tendencies," and he made a down-
ward motion. Now, sir, I confess, when I attack
the gentleman, I am going in a downward direc-
tion. I confess, my tendencies are to strip, as I
have, the wolf of the sheep's clothing. I confess,
when one of his calling attacks another, regardless
of alt decorum, I have an irresistible "tendency"
to     Mr. Chairman, 1 will not follow a bad ex-
ample and use harshness of language, that I know I
shall repent; I will rot forget the gentleman's voca-
tion, though he may. But 1 wish the gentleman to
understand, that this restraint is imposed by a
feeling of respect for this House, and of regard for
what becomes my own character, and not for
what might be deservedly applied to thegentleman
fiom Alabama.
A few woids more, and I will cease this un-
pleasant discussion.
In my remarks, yesterday, when I was so rudely
interrupted by the gentleman, I did speak, I
thought, seveiely, of the agitation of Abolition-
ists. I did say, 1 thought the passage of the Wii-
mot proviso would be regarded as a great outrage,
for thete was no necessity for it. 1 did say, that my
people would regard it as an unfriendly exercise
of power; that though it was excellent to have a
giant's strength, it was tyrannous to use it as a
giant; and I repeat, that if that proviso should be
passed, though my own opinions are for the
Union, I believe the people of North Carolina will
feel bound to deliberate in convention, or in her
General Assembly, whether it is not time to think
that our northern brethren are not disposed to treat
us as countrymen. I believe that the passage of
that proviso will sow seeds of discord and alien-
ation, that years to come will noteradicate. When
the State acts, I shall be found on her soil, with
the nearest and dearest relatives and friends, ready
to act with such powers as God has given me as
becomes a good citizen. But of this, I say ao-ain,
that proviso will not be forced upon us ; buuf it
is, I do not go with Calhoun & Co., for leasons
given yesterday.
After these remarks, in answer to Mr. Hh.liard
Mr. Stanly proceeded, hurriedly, to recapitulate
some matter, to which he referred the day before.
He referred to the aggressions of the nullifying
policy, as illustrated m the compromise act of
1833. He spoke of the home-valuation feature in
that act, and said, that was the protective feature,
which some southern members refused to stand
by. He said, that act had cost a loss of more
millions to the northern States, than the southern
country had ever lost in negroes escaping, in thou-
sands of dollars. He said, this Government was
