1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES/
1583
questions, than would tbe record of the Senators'
votes of yea and nay, I think the protest ought
not to go there. It is changing the phase of the
question, and may be- a dangerous, or at least an
unfortunate step, in the exciting: agitation which
is now shaking this Government to its very foun-
dation. If this protest means anything, it.is that
these protestants wish to express opposition to
this bill in a more solemn form than would their
votes; and that their opposition is of a different
nature and degree than that of merely voting
against it. If it means that, the Senate ought not
to sanction its being spread upon the record. 1
am very sorry, therefore, that it has been pro-
posed.
But there are other difficulties in the way. It
was well suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that if one side of a question should be
allowed to present their reasons, the other side
would have just as much ria;ht to present theirs.
Not only this, but every different section of either
and <of both sides may present theirs also, if this
protest is to go out in justification of the course of
those who have signed it, I and some others who
have voted with me may also be disposed to pre-
sent a protest. We have voted with them, but ail
the reasons which they assign for their course
have not been the reasons which have influenced
me. For instance—of course, I speak with but
an indistinct knowledge of the contents of the pa-
per, having only heard it read — I understand thaf
one of the grounds of this protest is that the bill
is unconstitutional. If that be one of the reasons
of the protestants for opposing the admission of
California, it is not my reason for voting against
^ the measure. I, sir, and I believe several others
who have signed this protest, have expressed a
willingness to vote for that bill if certain modifica-
tions of it could be secured, and theiefore, with a
gieat many, this constitutional question could not
have prevailed.
Mr. HUNTER. If the gentleman had read the
paper, he would have found that it'did not take that
ground.
Mr. DOWNS. I have said that my knowledge
of it was indistinct, and obtained only from hear-
ing it read; but, being called upon to vote upon it,
I must deal with it as I understand it. Further
than this, it places myself and others in rather a
peculiar position. This is so novel a proposition
that one cannot readily say how far those who vote
for it mayor may not be considered as concurring
in the reasons set forth, and as approving of and
giving their'approbation to them in every respect
Now, there aie reasons, if I understand it, m this
protest which apply with equal force against a
measure which I have advocated throughout the
session, and which i am very sorry did not pass.
I mean the compromise btil—a bill which con-
tained a proposition admitting California, with
other measures, amounting to a compromise of
this matter. This would place ine in somewhatof
an unpleasant predicament, and my friends must
see that, they ask me to go a great way when they
ask mc to place on record reasons which go to 1
condemn my course and approbate their course on
a particular subject.
These are the reasons which have impressed
me with the belief that this question is one in-
volved in great difficulty, and I must express my
regret that the distinguished Senators from Mich-
igan and Georgia—the very leaders of the Senate
—have expressed their willingness to acquiesce m
the proposition. On them, therefore, must rest
the responsibility of the vote which i shall give
with great reluctance and difficulty, and under the
greatest doubt and embarrassment.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, if I understood
this paper correctly, I shall be constrained, rather
reluctantly, to vote against the motion to receive
and place it upon the Journal. Many of the gen-
tlemen whose names are signed to that paper, are
those with whom I should have l.ked to act on
every occasion, when I conscientiously could do
so. I do not base the objection which I have to
the reception of the paper and us being spread on
the records of the Senate, upon the grounds
which have been hereiof. re stated, and if there
was tiuly the objection of convenience which has
been ursjed, I should overstep u in order to gratify
the wishes of my friends, whose names are signed
to that paper. One of the arguments, however,
urged by the Senator from Georgia,* why the
paper should be received, is a strong argument to
my mind why the Senate ought not toe receive it
and put it on the Journal, it is, that thefse piotest-
ants  inasmuch as Senators here represent States,
sovereign States, as they are called, have a right
to protest, not as individual Senators, buj as the
representatives of those States. Now, of the
Senators who have signed that paper, there are
but three Stales whose full representation here has
signed it. if it is to be considered, then, as a
protest on the part of the States, it is a protest on
the part of three States, and upon the part of one-
half of each of the others who have signed it.
The objection which I have, and which will
constrain me most reluctantly to vote against its
being placed on the Journal, is this: if £ under-
stood the language of the protest irself correctly,
one ofits expressions is, in substance, that this is
one of a system of measures designed, if not cal-
culated—not that it will have that effect—but that
itisoneof a system of measures designed to de-
stroy the constitutional rights of the South. Now,
taken in connection with the subject—matter which
has been under discussion here, this system of
measures, as I take it for granted, is the one in fa-
vor of which I have been 'With others cooperating.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator, if he had looked
over the paper, would see that it did not apply to
that system of measures in any respect.
Mr. BUTLER. Not at all.
Mr. PRATT. I only heard it read, and read it
but hastily myself yesterday. I stated to one of
my friends, who signed it, that this was my ob-
jection, before I got up, arid as he did not explain
away the objection which I urged to him, I sup-
posed, therefore, that it was well founded.
Mr, BUTLER. 1 believe my friend did speak
to me on the subject, and I rather rebutted his in-
ference, instead of going into an explanation.
Mr. PRATT. 1 understand it to assign as one
of the reasons for protesting that the admission of
California was unconstitutional.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. PRATT. It-will be better, if so, to let the
subject lie over until to-morrow, so that we may
understand what it is. Every one differs as to the
contents of the paper. My objection does not
grow out of any inconvenience which may arise
to the Senate or to the country, from pursuing
! such a course, but I am free to admit it grows out
i of what 1 supposed to be the contents of the paper
| itself, i would, therefore, if in order, move that
j t'ie pending question to receive and enter on the
j Journal lie over until to-morrow, in order that we
may all vote understandingly.
The motion was agreed to, and the further con-
sideration of the subject was postponed until to-
morrow.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. WINTHROP, m pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Charles A. Kellett; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. RUSK,
0 dercl, That John W. Mount, late a sergeant in the
District volunteers, have leave to withdraw Ins petition and
papers, asking an iuciea<e of pension lor the Joss ot ins
n^hte^eiu tile late war with Mexico.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills, which were ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, were severally read
a third lime and passed:
The bill authorizing the payment of invalid pen-
sions in 6ertdin cases, and the bill granting to the
State of Alabama the r-ght of way, and a donation
of public lands for the purpose of locating and
constructing a railroad from the point at which
the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad crosses
the Tennessee river to the town of Chattanooga.
GOVERNMENT FOR NEW MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the bill providing for the
establishment of a Territorial Government for the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill, as originally pro-
posed, was for the establishment of territorial
governments for Utah and New Mexico, and also
to settle the Texan boundary. The bill for the
establishment of a governmentin Utah has already
passed the Senate, and 1 move to strike out of this
bill all relating to that subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move to strike out the
thirty-third section, relating to the Texan bound-
ary, that also having been already disposed of. -
The motion was agreed to. *
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move to amend the
17th section of the bill, which is the first section
of the now New Mexico bill, by striking out all
after the words United States," in the 22i line,
down to the word "act," in the 6th line, those
words relating to the boundaries of the Territory,
arid to insert what I wili now send to the chair,
which makes the bill conform to the Utah bill as
to the boundaries.
The amendment was read, as follows: 4^
"Bounded as follows: beginning at a point in the Color-
ado river, where Lite boundary lute of the Republic of Mex-
ico Clot-he* the rimie 5 thence eu^tvvardly with said boundary
i line to the Rio Giandb ; thence following the main channel
| of said river to the parallel ot the thirty-second degree of
| north latitude; thence ea-tward with said degree to its m
j teraeclion with the 103d degree of longitude wt >1 from G.een-
; wieh ; thence north with said dryiee of lomgiiude to the
pasallelot the 3tHh degree oi north latitude; thence west
with ifiud parallel to the r-uinnnt ot the Sierra M-uhe ; thence
south with the crest of said uiouuuuns to the 37lh parallel
of nortu latitude ; theiu e we.«t with the said parallel lo 119
interaction with the buundaiy lute ol lite St le of Califor-
nia ; thence with tile said boundary line to the place of be-
ginning."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I see that the amend-
ment only proposes to run as far north as the 38.h
degree of north latitude. Is that the case ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was the old boundary of
New Mexico
Mr. UNDERWOOD: It will leave out the ter-
ritory between 36° 30' and the Arkansas river,
which is not embraced by the Texan bill. What
reason is there, I ask, for leaving it out, and also
the country about the sources of the Arkansas
river, up to the 42J parallel ? Is there any reason
for u? I do not see any particular objection to it,
but I desire to know the reason for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will state the reasons which
induced me to throw that away. The old bound-
ary line between the United Slates and Spain was
run up the Aikansas to its source, and thence due
north to the 421 parallel. The boundary claimed
by Texas, was the Rio Grande to its source, and
thence due noith to the intersection of the old
Spanish boundary. If the source of the Rio
Grande was further east than tl.e source of the
Arkansas, then there was no such strip of land as
has been indicated. If, on the contrary, it was
further west, then there was such a strip. lr es-
tablishing a territorial government for Utah, we
have made the summit of the Rocky Mountains
the eastern boundary of that territory. Thar sum-
mit being the boundary, all west of it will foil to
Utah, and all east will Tall to the Indian territory*
We have taken the summit of these mountains,
instead of an unknown line, and in forming the
Territory of New Mexico, we run the boundary",
as established by the bill which passed ilie Senate
for adjusting the Text\s boundary, to the 130 h
degree of longitude, and thence north to the 3cJih
parallel, whicrfgoes as far north as New Mexico
ever claimed, and thence across to the eastern
boundary of Utah, it leaves the Territory in a
convenient compact shape. The bill is to go into
operation only when the Texan boundary bill
shall have done so, when the territory will all be*
long to us, and we shall be at liberty to put it in
any shape we may think best. It is for that rea-
son we have taken the degree of latitude, instead
of an unknown line as the boundary.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now offer the following
amendment, as an additional section to the bill:
" Bp it farther enacted, That the provision* of this act bo
and ihe\ are hereby sai-pended, until the dt-puted boundary
between the United States and ihe. State ot Tcxhs t-hali be
adjusted ^y the mutual as ent of the parties; and when
su< h adjustment t-Iiall have been effected, the President of
'.he United riiaies shall  s>ue hi* pun lamanon declaring tins
act to tie in full lotce and opeihu<>u, and --hall proceed to
appoint the ortieert. herein provided to be appointed in and
lor s-aiii Territory.*>
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to be hypercrit-
ical at all, but I suggest to the Senator from lihnots
that the amendment will be just as perfect if he
strikes out the word " disputed. "
Mr. DOUGLAS. I see no objection to striking
it out.
The amendment was modified accordingly by
striking out the word indicated.
Mr. UDERWOOD. I do not like that part of
the amendment which provides that the act shall
not go into effect until the disputed boundry, as it
originally stood, or until the boundary, as now
