1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
formed not only to protect southern property, but
domestic industry, Worth and South.
He referred to a Union meeting, at which the
most distinguished son of North Carolina, Judge
Gaston, spoke of the nullifiers, who had sneered at
North Carolina as the Rip Van Winkle of the
South, when he said, better " sleep on, than wake
to treason or disunion; better be the Rip Van
Winkle of the South, than the Cataline of the his-
torian, or the Bobadil of the poet."
In answer to remarks of his colleague, of more
money spent at the North, and of Mr. Hilliard's
remark, of money " scattered in other parts of the
Confederacy," Mr. S. said, $20,000 for Cape Fear
river had been m a bill vetoed by a southern Pres-
ident ; and §50,000 for Nag's Head, on the North
Carolina coast, "pocketed" by Captain Tyler, a
southern Piesident, and that he would promise ten
or twenty northern or western democratic votes
for every southern democratic vote, for these im-
provements. What work, what light-houses,
wanted by the southern country, had northern
men ever refused ?
[These remarks are not all reported in full, for
Mr. S. said they were intended as part of his
speech of the day before.]
Mr. STANLY concluded, by saying, he begged
pardon for his part in the debate; he found he was
too easily excited; he had, however, tried to con-
trol his feelings; he hoped he would be pardoned
for whatever might have been said, under excite-
ment, at all unbecoming. If those from whom
better things were to be expected, could not always
preserve self-control, what allowance ought to be
made for " one little better than one of the wick-
ed?"
Mr. S. said, he had not the least idea while
speaking yesterday, to have said anything offensive
to the gentleman from Alabama. He would have
been the last person in the House, whom he
would have selected to attack unkindly, and he
should, if opportunity had offered, had not the
harsh word he used reached his ear, have instantly
begged his pardon. He remembered his vocation
and station in life, and felt hurt, that he could, by
any provocation, have been guilty of offering him
insult. He regretted it all: and was altogether sur-
prised by the tone and manner of the gentleman
this morning. He came there, prepared to beg par-
don for his hasty expressions. Bui the gentleman's
speech this morning prevented. He hoped, here-
after, when he should have acquired control over
his temper, in a more appropriate sphere of action,
to hear
"Truths divine coine mended from his tongue."
Mr. H1LLIARD said, this was the first occa-
sion upon which anything like a tender of the
olive-branch had been made by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stani.y.] He (Mr.
H.) now took occasion to say, that he had not
entertained a single unkind sentiment toward that
gentleman, untif he had yesterday made a very
gross and unprovoked charge upon him, by saying
that he had desecrated the Scriptures for the worst
purposes. Let it all pass. The gentleman must,
of course, settle for himself what his own rela-
tions with him (Mr. H.) should hereafter be. He
had only vindicated himself, and exposed the
course of the gentleman from North Carolina, in
proper terms.
Mr STANLY said, that if the gentleman was
so disposed, he was willing to forget all that had
passed, and to understand, not only their speeches,
but all thegentlemaan's threats, in a Parliamentary
sense only.   
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 8, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
the private calendar.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of private bills, [this being
one of the days set aside by the rules for the con-
sideration thereof.] .
The SPEAKER said, the first business in order
would be the consideration of private bills report-
ed on Friday last from the Committee of the
The House thereupon passed to that order of
b°TheSPEAKER stated, that the bills which re-
ceived the favorable consideration of the Commit-
tee of the Whole, last private-bill day, would be
the business first in order to-day.
The following bills were then taken up, severally !
read, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read- j
ing, and, being engrossed, were read the third time |
and passed, viz: |
The bill for the relief of William B. Crews; |
The bill for the relief of Charles Ahrenfeldt and I
John F. H. Voght; j
The bill for the relief of William Paddy;
The bill for the relief of Gideon Walker;
The bill for the relief of Jesse Sutton;
The bill for the relief of E. Paven Stadt and
F. A. Schumacher;
The bill for the relief of Furguson and Mil-
hardo;
The bill for the relief of Richard P. Barrett;
The bill granting a pension to Avery Downer;
The bill" for the relief of Captain Henry F. ;
Evans; |
The bill for the relief of George Cassady; I
The bill for the relief of Benjamin P. Smith; and j
The bill for the relief of Lewis Hastings. i
The bill for the relief of Joshua Follansbee and
B. F. Isherwood, and for other purposes, having '
been reported from the Committee of the Whole,
with a recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it was taken up for consideration, and the question
of reference was carried in the affirmative.
The next bill in order, was that for the relief of
John Glenn, administrator of Robert Barry, de- 1
ceased, and Washington Hall, which had been
reported from the Committee of the Whole, with
a recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims:
The question was put on the motion to recom- ;
mit, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The next bill in order, was that for the relief of
Samuel Oewey, which had been reported from the |
Committee of the Whole, with ail amendment, pro-
viding that the pension shall commence from and
after the 4th of March, 1849, instead of the 4th of ;
March, 1840, as provided in the original bill.
The bill was then read as it had been amended !
by the committee.
Mr. SACKETT expressed himself in opposi-
tion to the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, and proposed to amend their amendment,
by striking out the word " nine" and inserting the
word " five," so as to make the pension com- I
mence from and after the 4th March, 1845.
Mr. WALDO made some remarks in favor of
the bill. He said the Committee on Revolution- j
ary Pensions were satisfied, from the testimony be-
fore them, that the petitioner was entitled to the
pension. Although he was in favor of the bill as
it originally stood, yet he preferred the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sackett] to that of the Committee of the Whole,
because it accorded more justice.
Mr. WHITE, although in favor of the original
bill, was willing to take the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York, because some
justice would lye awarded by it.
Mr. JONES inquired under what law the appli-
cation was made for the pension:
Mr. SACKETT was understood to say, the act
of 1832.
Mr. JONES. If the case was brought within
the provision of the law of 1832, the pension should
commence in 1831. He supposed, however, that
the petitioner was unable to peifect his proof be-
fore the department to entitle him to the benefits of
that law. If he was able to perfect his proof so
far as to satisfy the committee which reported the
bill, and the House, that he did render the service
required by the act of 1832, to entitle him to the
benefits of that act, then it was clear that the pen-
sion should commence from and after the 4th of
March, 1831. If, however, they were not satisfied
that the service was performed, then he was not
entitled to a pension. He did not know upon
what ground the committee could compromise the
question, if he was not entitled under the law of
1832, by reporting in favor of a pension under a
different law.
Mr. SACKETT said, the application for the
pension was made as far back as 1840; and that
was the reason that the comirutt e had fixed the
period of 1840 for the commencement of the pen-
sion. This practice, he believed, had been adopted
in other cases. The reason that the petitioner
came before Congress at all, was in consequence
of a defect of testimony required by the law.
Mr. JONES said, since he had spoken, he had
learned from a member of the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, that the applicant had fully
made out his case to the satisfaction of the com-
mittee, that he did perform the service, and that
he clearly brought himself within the provisions of
the law of 1832. As he was now satisfied of that
fact, he moved to strike out 1840, and insert 1831,
so as to commence the pension from the fourth of
March of that year.
Mr. CARTTER expressed the hope, that the
amendment pioposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] would not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN said, the amendment waa
not now before the House, because of a pending
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. CARTTER then expressed thehope that the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole would
prevail. Judging from the age of the application,
they would never get rid of those who were en-
gaged in the war of the Revolution. He thought,
at any rate, if they undertook to legislate in
special cases, when there was a general taw
making ample provision for all the old soldiers of
the Revolution, they should do so with great cau-
tion and care. The object of the Committee of the
Whole, in fixing the period for the commencement
of the pension in 1849, instead of 1840, was to get
rid of the plunder fund, which sustained the har-
pies, called agents here, who hung around the
committee rooms. If there wa3 any such relic of
the Revolution living, as the one proposed to be
provided for by this bill, the pension, to commence
iiom 1849, would amply take caie of htm. The
back pay is the plunder part, which the old soldier
seldom ever receives. It was that part thai he waj
opposed to granting. He was willing to vote for
the bill as it came from the Committee of the
Whole. He would not vote away money to put
in the pockets of those land pirates—of those land
sharks—who filch both the old soldier and the
Government.
Mr. CONGER said, he was informed that it
hud been the practice to allow the pensioner to
draw his pension back from the time his applica-
tion was made. That, he understood, was the
view of the committee in fixing upon the year
1840. He did not know that he would be opposed
totliatiule. He wanted information. Ifthetule
u as to be changed by the action of the committee,
he desired that the House should know it. It was
within the knowledge of members of the House,
that those cases which came before them for spe-
cial legislation iheieon, were those cases which
hail been before the Pension Office, and laid there
for years. They are hard eases, which have been
abandoned by the applicants as lost. He appre-
hended, that mall such cases, some agent had con-
trol of them; and that before they were brought
before the House, an agreement would have been
entered into, by which the individual would be
bound to pay the agent one-half or one-third of
such amount of pension as might be obtained. In
regard to this case, he knew nothing; but if it was
such a case, he knew that the gentleman fiom
Tennessee would not desire to extend the period
as fur back as 1831. He was therefore opposed
to changing the rule, which placed the pensioner
on the roll from and alter the time the application
was made.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said, he was satisfied
with the action of the committee that reported the
I bill. He believed that they had given the appli-
1 cation and testimony, upon which it was founded,
l calm and dispassionate consideration, and that
they were satisfied that the applicant was entitled.
They had reported a bill which was just and equi-
table, and it should, therefore, pass. The gentle-
man fiom Ohio [Mr. Cartter] seemed to speak
as if he legretted that those men of the Revolu-
tion did not die. He (Mr. H.) hoped that they
never would die. He hoped that these men, who
had, by their valor, achieved for us all that we
have of liberty, would live among us for gener-
ations. He was in favor of the passage of the
bill as it came from the Committee on Revolution-
I ary Pensions. He hoped the House would reject
the amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
and then pass the bill.
Mr. THOMAS said, that the pension system
contemplated the present support of the old sol-
dier. The bill, as it came from the Committee of
