1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 15,
with the great and leading subject of congressional
agitation. Sir, it is this affinity which shields
tins communication,asaprotectingasgis, from that
burst of indignation which its high-toned Federal
character so richly demands.
It was remarked in ray presence, a few days
since, by a friend of the present dynasty, "that
now our country would be blessed with a homoge-
neous Whig administration." If by the term
Whig, Federal was meant, the remark was super-
fluous, as this message but too clearly shows the
ear-marks of a Fedeial dynasty. The arrogation
of undelegated authority has invariably distin-
guished the course of that party. It has never
been in power, " however ephemerally," but that
it encroached upon the Constitution. I will not
detain the committee by an enumeration of its mis-
deeds in this respect, but will proceed to examine
the reasons which the President informs us injuced
him, in a time of the most profound peace, at a
time when the Congress of the United States,
" the war-declaring power," was in session, to
declare and establish the military authority as par-
amount to the civil autnority; to declare to a sov-
ereign State of this Union, that if she attempted to
execute her civil process in territory which she
claims as her property, and a portion of which she
hasin her possession, he would oppose any such :
attempt by the use of the military authority of the |
XJnitetl States. This is the sum and substance of j
the President's reply to the Governor of Texas. '
The Democracy of our country has always main-
tained the subordination of the military to the civil
authority as one of the inestimable blessings of
constitutional liberty, and so strongly has this
sentiment seized on the public mind, that to assert
the contrary I would have supposed required more
boldness, more recklessness of popular feeling
than has fallen to the lot of any of our modern
politicians; but in this supposition 1 have been
mistaken. Our acting President has most boldly
enounced the military dogma " inter arma leges
silent."
Sir, J would be deaf to the voice of all history if
my mind did not entertain a full conception of the
allurement of war on the imagination of the chief
Executive of a great nation. Success in the field
is the never-failing stepping-stone to ambitious ag-
grandizement. The patronage connected with its
passecution is grateful to the human heart, and
indeed all those passions which influence us in
life's career, find then and there a free scope for
their unbridled indulgence. Sir, a state of war
strews the path of the ambitious with stiongand
irresistible temptations. These reflections have
deeply impressed on me the truth of an observa-
tion made by Mr. Madison: "That the highest
praise you can pronounce on an executive officer
is, that he is the friend of peace." The same dis-
tinguished statesman likewise informs us: " That
'if a free people be a wise people, they will ever
' bear in mind that their danges can never be so
' great as when the advocates of the prerogatives of
' war can sheathe them in the symbol of peace."
Sir, I greatly appiehend that this is the source of
our present danger. The President makes a mani-
festation of pcace, but accompanies it with a decla-
ration of war. War is made to wear the symbol
of peace. But, as 1 am not disposed to cast un-
called-for censure on him, let us examine the facts.
As I understand the position assumed by the
President, it may be thus stated : By the Consti-
tution of the United States it is made the duty of
the President to have the laws of the Union faith-
fully executed;and as by the second section of the
sixth article of the same instrument, the Constitu-
tion and the treaties made in pursuance thereof are
declared to be the supreme law of the land, they, he
assumes, are to be executed thr >ugh his agency.
This position being assumed as correct, the Pres-
ident, conceiving that by the treaty of Hidalgo we
stipulated to extend to the residents of our newly-
acquired Territories protection of life, liberty, and
property, it becomes his duty as the Executor of
these treaty stipulations, to resist any interference
made with their rights by the authorities of the
State of Texas. I have endeavored to represent
the position of the President fairly and justly;
now let us examine the consequences he would de-
duce from it as it regards his responsibility. Is it
true, that the President is bound to execute the
stipulations of treaties, independent of any action
of Corgress giving him power to do so? On the
contrary, is not such Congressional action indis-
pensable to give force and vitality to such stipula-
tions ? Treaties are the emanations of the executive
power. The Senate in giving or withholding its
assent to treaties acts "quo ad hoc," not asalegis-
lative, but as an executive council. And now, if
the President is correct, there would necessarily en-
sue a total abrogation of the legislative department
of Government. A few examples will illustrate
this. By the treaty already alluded to, our Govern-
ment is required to pay to Mexico such an amount
of money in annual instalments. In case of the
delinquency of Congress to make an appropriation
of money for this purpose, would the President
deem himself authorized to draw the money from
the Treasury without a previous law empowering
him to do so, or to divert funds from any other
source in order to preserve the treaty jnviolate?
According to the opinions avowed in this com-
munication, the President would not merely have a
right, but it would be his duty to raise the jne-
cessary funds from the one or the other of these
expedients. Again,: by the treaty of 1842 with
Great Britain, it is stipulated that criminals shall
be surrendered by the authorities of one Govern-
ment to that of the other. In case Congress
should have failed to authorize by law the execu-
tion of this article, could the President have as-
sumed the right to execute it by his own power?
Was not that article a dead letter until Congress
authorized its execution?
I will cite but another instance from treaty
stipulations, showing the absurdity of the Pres-
ident's views. By the ninth article of the tieaty
of Hidalgo, (the very article which the Pres-
-ident cites as authonty for his action,) an equal
participation in the right of government is se-
cured to such Mexican citizens as who may elect
to abide under our Government. This is one
of the stipulations of the treaty which the Pres-
ident has declared his determination to execute
by the aid, if [necessary, of the, military au-
thority of the United States. Now, sir, the Amer-
ican residents of California, under the advice and
direction of the late President, assembled into a
mock convention, with the view of organizing a
Stategovernment,and formed a constitution.* The
second article of that constitution prescribes the
qualifications of electors; and in doing so, indis-
putably deprives three-fourths of the Mexican cit-
izens of all participation in the elective franchise.
Here we have perpetrated an express and positive
abrogation of the high and inestimable right of
denization; yet do we hear of any complaints
against this aggression from the Executive? On
the contrary, do we not find the free-soil friends
of the President contending for a confirmation of
this act of the convention by the Congress of the
United States? Has it ever been intimated that
the Piesidentof the Uniied States would refuse
his sanction to a law of Congress legitimating and
confirming this invidious discrimination against
the treaty rights of the native Calif'ornians ? No,
sir; notwithstanding the President has informed us
of his determination to support, by the military
authority, the full enjoyment on the part of the
Mexican citizens of all civil and political rights,
yet we find him tamely, quietly, and submis-
sively approving of this constitutional restriction,
or rather disfranchisement.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is not only treaties, but
the Constitution is declared to be the supreme law
of the land, and, in addition to the President's
obligation to execute the laws, he has taken a
solemn oath to protect and defend the Constitution.
If then, his views are correct, the consequence is
inevitable, that he must execute all the provisions
of the Constitution. The second section of the
fourth article provides for the'reclamation of fugi-
tive slaves. The language of this section is ex-
press and decided. Would the President consid-
er it as his duty to call out the military authority
to execute this provision of the Constitution,
without the intervention of an act of Congress au-
thorizing him to do so? By the same section of
the same article, fugitives from justice are to be
surrendered on demand; yet this provision was
j found impossible of execution, until Congress, by
J; its action, gave it life and force. If President
I! Washington, even with the aid and counsel of
Knox and Hamilton, could have conceived it was
his constitutional duty to cxecute this provision,
he never would have recommended to Congress
the necessity of the law of 1793, authorizing the
execution of these sections. Wherever the Con-
stitution has imposed a duty on the President,
the legislative department of our Government, has
always been called on to pass necessary laws
to enable him to discharge those duties. And the
great error of the acting President is in supposing
that, in the absence of such laws, he is at liberty
to supply the omission.
But, Mr. Chairman, the arrogation of such au-
thority by the President, is not the only objection
to his policy, as shadowed forth in this communi-
cation. As 1 have read it, as I understand it, the
President of the United States undertakes, by his
" ipse dixit," backed by the strong arm of povem-
ment, to prescribe territorial limits to a sovereign
State. Sir, more than that, he undertakes to dis-
member a sovereign State, to cut, slash, and divide
her at his pleasure. He cites from the treaty of
Hidalgo the article which establishes the bounda-
ry, the line of demarkation between the United
States and Mexico. What is that line? Thislme,
the President informs us, commences at the mouth
of the Rio Grande, and follows the deepest chan-
nel of that river until it intersects the southern
boundary of New Mexico; then it assumes a west-
wardly direction to the River Gila, and thence to
the Pacific. This is the line as described by the
treaty, and as quoted by the President, and in con-
nection with it he hesitates not to declare, that al!
the country lying east and north of this line be-
longs to the United States—is the property of the
United States. 1 will not do the President the in-
justice to suppose that he intended to include in
this description the whole of the'State of Texas.
Yet, under the claim as made by the United States,
her title is as good to the Sabine as it is to every
foot of the territory lying east of the Rio Grande.
The President has failed to intimate what boundary
he will, by the force of the military power, estab-
lish between Texas and the United States; but as
a portion of his friends have always insisted upon
the Nueces as the western limit of Texas, this,
doubtless, will be his ultimatum.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is it not well known that
for monihs and months before the breaking out of
the war with Mexico, that all of this counny was
represented m this House by the predecessor of my
honorable friend who sits before me ? Is it not well
known—was it not known to the President, be-
fore the commencement of the war, ."That we
constructed forts, established post offices and post
roads, and located collection districts throughout
the whole of that country lying between theNueces
and the Rio Grande?"
But if these facts should not have removed all
doubt from the President's mind, the letters of his
illustrious predecessor, Gen. Taylor—letters writ-
ten during the time of his military sojourn in this
country—should have afforded him relief. I have
before me all those official communications, and
they each bear the significant superscription of
having been written in the country which was,
his estimation, to be recognized as Texas. ' wtm
I presume not, Mr. Chairman, to determine
how far this message may be the reflection of the
judgment of the President's Cabinet advisers,
but I think I have before me record evidence to
show that their judgment could not have been
harmonious. When the bill declaring that a state of
war existed between the United States and Mexi-
co went from this House to the Senate, it there met
j with warm opposition, much discussion was elici-
ted, and much information was, of course, adduced
respecting the validity of the Texan tale; yet,
with all this information before then), a large ma-
jority of the Whig members, including two of the
former and three of the present Cabinet, did riot
hesitate to declare that this was American
ground. 1 refer to the amendment to the bill offered
by Mr. Crittenden, which 1 will read:
" On motion by Mr. Cmtenden,to amend the bill by strik-
ing out, section 1, lute 4, the words 4 to pro>ecnte 6.ud war
toa speedyand buceesstui termination,' and in lieu thereof
inserting,' to repeliruasion, and other wise prosecute hostilities
until the country be secured Jrom the danger oj Jurther inva-
sion"
Yet in the face of this accumulated evidence,
we are informed by the Piesident that this coun-
try, so lying cast of the Rio Grande, is not
the property of Texas, but is the property of
the United States. This is the strict, the literal
reading of this most unfortunate communication,
and if it is not its true meaning, the ambiguity
rests not on the language, but on the intent.
] But indulging towards him the most kindly feel-
l ings, I am willing to suppose that in reality the
