1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
1587
President intends to confine his demonstrations
of hostility to any interference by Texas with
New Mexico. He attempts to justify his position
by assuming, that at the commencement of the
Mexican war President Polk took forcible posses-
sion of this country, and that the treaty of Hidal-
go but confirmed and made good that possession.
That the treaty, in leg?il language, joined title to
possession, and as it has been in possession of the
United States ever since, he is not now at liberty to
regard it otherwise than aa our property. This is a
syllogistic mode of reasoning, which would answer
a very good purpose if the premises were correct;
but unfortunately thsy are not correct. General
Kearny, under the directions of President Polk,
did take military possession of that country; but
was not this possession intended to be for the
benefit of Texas? In answer a demand by
the Governor of Texas, did not President Polk dis-
tinctly admit that it was merely a military posses-
sion growing out of the necessities of the war, and
not intended, in the least degree, as opposing the
claim of Texas? And furthermore, (fid not Mr.
Polk, through his Secretary, Governor Marcy,
particularly order and instruct that the military
authority, white in possession of that country,
should act in subordination to the civil authority
of Texas—aiding and assisting in its establishment?
These facts are indisputable; and as the acting
President had the evidence of these facts before him,
"I can butconsideritasdisingenuous for him to have
attempted to deduce the authority of President
Polk to sustain his position, when that authority,
if accompanied with the appropriate explanations,
would have baen in direct opposition to his policy.
Sir, no aid or countenance can be derived from
anything which occurred under Mr. Polk's admin-
istration for maintaining the position that this our
bare military possession gave to us an initiatory
title to that country. It is a well-established legal
principle that the possession of land or other prop-
erty is governed and controlled by the quo animoof
4he possessor. This act of possession was perfected
by General Kearny. I have before me his procla-
mation explaining its character. I will read it:
"Mr. Alcaide and people of New Mexico; I have come
amongs-t you by the orders of my Government to take pos-
sesion of \our countiy, and extend over it tlie laws ot the
United States. We consider, and Have (or some time con-
sidered it a part oj the ten Uory of the United Staiei,>, 4'c.
Here is a distinct admission by General Kear-
ny, that we claimed the country—that we took
possession of it under a color of title. What title
could he have referred to? It must have been the
title of Texas. We had no claim or right, no pre-
tence of any claim or right independent and ex-
clusive of the title of Texas. But it has been
contended in defence of the President, that Mr.
Polk was but an executive officer, and that his
opinions could not be conclusive upon the judg-
ment of a subsequent President. Without enter-
ing into an argument on this point, I will observe
that the President takes shelter under no such
plea, but, on the contrary, invokes the acts of Presi-
dent Polk as affording to him justification. It is,
on the military possession consummated by order
of President Polk, that President Fillmore lelies
for title; and we admit the fact of possession, but
contend that that possession shall be subject to
such explanations as accompanying circumstances
evolve.
The futility of the attempt made by the Presi-
dent to justify his contemplated step, by the
-force of the act of 1795, in conjunction with the
act of 1807, has been so clearly demonstrated by
the honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] that it is unnecessary for me to say any-
thing in addition. As he well and truly remarked,
these acts contemplate an obstruction to the judi-
cial process and repulsion of a foreign invasion,
as the proper occasions on which the President
should be authorized to call in use the military au-
thority. We have at present no foreign invasion;
we have as yet in that country no judicial process
to execute, and hence an obstruction to its execu-
tion there, is an impossibility. No law of Con-
gress has as yet been passed affecting in anywise
the interests of these people; and under this state
of facts, no collision between the laws of Texas
and the laws of the United States could possibly
ociur. But as on this point the friends of the Presi-
dent have taken issue, and maintain thatour treaty
stipulations are tantamount to congressional laws,
let me bring to the attention of tha House the
joint resolution for the annexation of Texas,
which is undoubtedly possessed of the judicial
cogency of a treaty. 1 do not refer to these res-
olutions now with the purpose of establishing and
making good the title in Texas, but for another
purpose much more to the point. I maintain that
these resolutions contemplate a division of all terri-
tory east of the Rio Grande into four new States,
which States are to be established with the consent
of Texas; and it is further contemplated that these
new States, when so established, by and with the
consent of Texas,shall beadmitted as sisters of the
great American confederation. These resolutions
do not indeed partake of the force of a civil ordi-
nance, but most assuredly should be entitled to the
respectful consideration of the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States; and I am much surprised that when the
President and his Cabinet were in deep'consulta-
tion on the subject of their duty, as it regards
New Mexico, they had not at least given to these
resolutions a passing notice. I am greatly surprised
that it never entered into the conception of the Cab-
inet that, as State governments were to beestablished
in this country with the consent of Texas, it was
the duty of the Executive ratherto have upheld than
to have opposed the ultimate consummation of these
measures under the direction of her Government.
This law, the highest, the greatest, the supreme
law of the land, empowers Texas to establish a
State government over this country. The Presi-
dent of the United States, as soon as she makes the
first demonstration of her intent to fulfill the law,
to execute the purposes of the high and solemn
compact, steps forward, puts himself astride of
her path, and issues his pronunciamiento that he
will resist any such fulfillment of the law on the
part of Texas, with the whole military authoiity of
the United States. Who in this case is the real ob-
structor of the law—that party which makes
the attempt, takes the initiatory step to execute
the law, to fulfill the purposes of the compact; or,
on the contrary, that which obstructs and prohibits
the execution of the law ?
Sir, I charge the President as being the actual,
the real violator of the law, and that by the
arrogation of authority not vested in him by the Con-
stitution or the laws, and theiefore unwarrantably
usurped. Sir, if the pcace of this country is de-
stroyed—if the lurid light of acivil conflagration il-
lume our happy and prosperous land, the Presi-
dent is the Sylla, on whose head the parricidal
crime will rest. He may indeed, like his great
Roman prototype, flatter himself that " it is only a
few rebels that he is punishing,"-but his experi-
ence, the direful experience of his country, Will but
too fearfully attest his mistake.
On a former occasion I stated that a contention
between Texas and the United States would inev-
itably involve the two great antagonistic interests
—North and South. Could any southern State
contemplate in peace and quiet the issue of such
a struggle? Would not the subjugation of the
State of Texas be the prologue of their own des-
tinies ? Let us suppose for a moment " the deed
done," and what would be the relative situation of
I affairs? The subjugation of a State must be
accompanied with a destruction of its republican
existence. It could no longer be considered as a
sovereign State, but must occupy the position of
a conquered tenitory; and what would be the fate
of Texas to-day, " according to the principles set
forth and arrogated in this communication," might
j be the doom of any other State of the Union to-
morrow. If the President can, without the action
of Congress, determine upon a casus belli—if it is
in his power to prescribe the appropriate orbit in
which a State is to move, and to punish any devi-
ation from that circle of motion by the force
of the military authority of the Union, what
other attribute does he require—would he stand
in need of, to establish a consolidated despotism ?
Understand me, Mr. Chairman, I impute not to
the President any such treasonable design; but it
is my object to hold up to public reprobation the
principles avowed in this communication. It is
my duty to do so, sir. There is much truth in
the aphorism, " that the price of liberty is eternal
vigilance." Republics, in this enlightened age,
have nothing to fear from open aggression; but it
is the insidious approach of despotism, under the
color of law and authority, that should arouse the
patriot from his slumbers.
I am well aware, sir, that an attempt has been
made to justify the tenor of this message by com-
paring it with the proclamation of General Jack-
son; and this attempt should impress upon our
minds the great and lively necessity of condemning:
the promulgation by those in authority ofunconstl-
tutional and anti-republican principles at all times,
and under all circumstances. However well /
meant that proclamation of General Jackson may
have been, yet it contains principles so anti-repub-
lican that, if they should ever be adopted and legiti-
mated by the usage of our Government,the destruc-
tion of our republican institutions must necessarily
ensue. But however obnoxious, in my estima-
tion, some of the principles^of that proclamation
may have been, yet you will not fine there the
assumption of any such authority as now claimed
by the Executive of the country. What were
the-circumstances which elicited that proclama-
lon? The sovereign people of South Carolina,
regularly assembled in convention, not only de-
clared the laws of the United States null and
void, but adopted the necessary measures to resist
their execution. Among these measures was one
effecting a total obstruction of the judicial au-
thority of the United States. Heavy pains and
penalties were to be enforced against all of her
citizens who might assist in the execution of the
judicial process. This was the attitude which
the sovereign State of South Carolina occupied,
and it was under the heavy sense of danger then
threatening our Government, that Andrew Jack-
son issued his proclamation. Sir, is there any,
even the faintest, resemblance between the circum-
stances of that momentous period and those which
now surround us? Has the State of Texas at-
tempted to obstruct the judicial process of the
United States, or to arrest the execution of any of
its laws? No, sir; the President himself informs
us that she is but engaged in the establishment of
a civil government. She is really and actually
making an effort to execute an existing law—the
law of annexation; and if the infringement of any
right of the United States should be involved, she
has refused no submission to the judicial authorify.
No, sir; it is the President who has taken this
step—it is the President on whom the responsibil-
ity must restof avoidmgjudicial process. The Pres-
ident's casus belli will illustrate the truth of this
charge. He has declared that if the State of Texas
! shall attempt to punish any of those citizens of
! New Mexico who have resisted the establishment
of her civil government, he will employ the mili-
tary authority of the United States to prevent it.
Now, sir, this punishment is contemplated to be
a legal, to be a judicial punishment; and we all
must be aware, that if any civil law, or any treaty
stipulation should be violated in the process of
trial at law, a clear, ready, and certain redress
can be obtained at the hands of the Supreme
Federal Court, either by appeal or writ of error.
It is this judicial determination by the Supreme
; Court which the President, by the use of military
| authority, would prevent. What was General
| Jackson's deep solicitude to sustain and uphold,
| it is the President's policy to interceptand frustrate,
j But, Mr. Chairman, let us compare the conduct
of President Jackson and President Fillmore a
little further. The former, in the pressing emer-_
gericy stated, expressly refused to use the military
authority during the session of Congress, and re-
spectfully invites Congress to invest him with that
power. President Fillmore,under theoperation of
the same law, not only claims the legal right, but
declares his determination to use, the military
authority while Congress is in session, and at the
very time Congress is engaged in an earnest effort
to remove the difficulties, "to pourtheoil of peace
upon the troubled waters." The conduct of the
i former is u high and noble illustration of a war-
1 nor statesman, who, most deeply impressed with
j the dangers of the crisis, threw himself upon the
wisdom of Congress for counsel and advice.
| The latter, blind as it were to the consequences
j of intestine war, invites not the action of Con-
gress—awaits not its action, but boldly declares
his determination to pursue the dictates of his own
judgment at all hazards—at all risks, indeed, we •
have fallen upon evil times; on every side the low-
ering clouds most fearfully betoken the perils of
the crisis. The most coot and consummate pru-
dence is required on our part to preserve the noble
vessel of Siate from destruction. Its destiny Ye in
our hands, and, as patriot statesmen, let us lay
aside all bickering, ail sectional strife, and ap-
proach the great work with a determination to do
our duty—our whole duty.
