494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the flies
of the Senate the petition and papers of K. Ii. Meade.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of Gruion and McLaughlin, reported a
bill for the relief of Guion and McLaughlin; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to.which was referred the
petition and papers, in the case of the representa-
tive of Henry King, submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of Henry King's representative;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the message of the
President of the United States, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate, relating to the appoint-
ment of postmasters, reported 111 favor of printing
the same.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following, which
was consideied, by unanimous consent,and agreed
to:
Resolned, That the Secretary of War be requested to cause
to be laid before the Senate, the report and maps of an ex-
ploration in the Territory o( Minnesota, by Brevet Captain
John Pope, under the authority of the Bureau of Topograph-
ical Engineers.
Mr. NORRIS submitted the following, which
was considered by unanimous consent, antl agreed
to:
Resolved, That Hie petition and papers of General John
McNeil, deceased, be taken from the tiles of the Senate and
referred to the Committee 011 Pension*; and that said com-
mittee lie instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing to his willow or legal representatives, the arrears of pen-
sion prayed form said petition ; and also to inquue into the
expediency of granting his said widow a pension.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following, which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resulted, That (he committee on Patents bo instructed to
inquue into the expediency or providing, that public notice
he siven before any application tor the fenewal of a patent
shall be entertained m Congress, or by the Commissioner of
Patents.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. RUSK, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to provide additional
clerks in the Post Office Department; which was
read a first and second time by Us title, and referred
to the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a bill to provide for the post office and
mail service m California and Oregon; which was
also read, and referred to thesame committee.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing a quantity of land to the State of Wisconsin,
to aid 111 the construction of a railroad from Mil-
waukee to fhe Mississippi river; which was read
the first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COOPER, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase for the use
of the Government, Kase's patent force or fire en-
gine pump; which was read a first and sccond
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance. I
The following bills from the House of Repre- I
sentatives, were read a first and second time by !
their titles,and referred totheCommitteeofCiaims: I
An act for the relief of Wm. B. Crews; i
An act for the relief of Charles Ahrenfeldt and ■
John F. H. Voght; !
An act for the relief of Gideon Walker. I
The following bills from the House were sev- j
erally read a first and second time by their titles, j
and referied to the Committee on Pensions: '
An act for the relief of Lewis Hastings; j
An act for the relief of Benjamin P. Smith; !
An act for the relief of George Cassady; j
An act for the relief of Henry F. Evans; 1
An act for the relief of Samuel Dewey; i
An act for the reliefof William Paddy; j
An act granting a pension to Avery Downey. '
The following bills from the House, were read !j
a first and second time by their titles, and referred i:
to the Committee 011 Finance: |!
An act for the relief of Ferguson and Milhardo; !
An act for the relief of E. Pavenstedt and Schu- ii
macher. !
House bill, for the relief of Jesse Sutton, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
House bill, for the relief of Thomas Dennis,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
House bill, for the relief of Richard H. Bar-
rett, was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
CONGRE S S -PRINTIN G—EXPL &NATION.
Mr. BORLAND. I would ask the indulgence
of the Senate, for the purpose of making an ex-
planation. I rise particularly on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Printing, to call the attention of the
Senate to an article which appeared in the Re-
public newspaper of this city, a few days ago, and
to make an explanation of the course of the Com-
mittee on Printing, in relation to the matter men-
tioned in that article. I send the paper to the
Secretary, and ask that the article may be read.
T(je Secretary read the article as follows:
"Thp Presidfnt's Answer to the Call of the two
Houses—Is theieany motive in withholding public docu-
ments from Congress and the People ? Is it the intention of
its enemies that the Administration shall not come before
the people with the f.icts necessaiy to explain and vindicate
its course? If Mi. Calhoun had been 111 possession, be-
fore making his speech, of the documents communicated
to Congress, in answer to the calls of the two Houses 011
the President, 111 relation- to California, he might have
thought it but an act of justice to the President, to modify
some of his views and expressions. Mi. Calhoun >ays :
"' I have not seen the answer of the Executive to the
'calls made by the two Houses of Congress tor information
' as to the couise which it took, or tile part which it acted,
' 111 reference to what was done in California. Iunderstand
' the answers have not yet been pi intcd. But there is enough
' known to justify tile assertion, that those who profess "to
'represent and act, under the authority of the Executive,
'have advised, aided, and eneouiaged the movement, which
' terminated 111 forming what they called a constitution and
' a State.'
"Now, we ask the American people, what kind ofjustice
towards the President and the Administration tlley can ex-
pect fiom opposition majorities which make calls upon the
President for official papers, and then, if they do not answer
their purpose, lliiggei-mugger them up in the pi inter's closets?
There was a long and loud oulery by Mr. Clemens in the
Senate, and Mr. Venabli- 111 the House, for these docu-
ments. The oppos.tion majorities were hot and impatient
to procme them from the Piesident. Clerks were employed
at great expense to make the necessary copies; and when
Mr. Calhoun makes a speech two month.-, afterward. ' he
understands that the answers made have not been printed.'
"We protest against this kind of warfare. The opposi-
tion majorities m the two branches would have deluged the
country with these documents long since, it they had been
calculated to reflect upon the conduct of PremdeutT.vvLOK;
but since they only show that the old man has acted wisely,
piudeiltly, and patrinlicallj, the documents cannot be punt-
ed ! liven a Senator of the United States cannot procure a
copy, toenable hull to assail the Adnniiistiation tlnder.itaild-
lngly. This is shabby and bhamelul."
Mr. BORLAND. I11 the article which has
just been read, it will be seen that acharge is made
111 general terms against what the editors of that
print call, " the opposition majorities of the two
houses of Congress." That charge is, that in-
formation was called for from the President of the
United States, upon an important subject; and that
when that information was communicated, the
" opposition majorities of the two houses " cov-
ered it up; or, to use the expression of this paper,
have " hugger-muggered it up," or kept it 111 the
hands of the public printer, for the purpose of
keeping the information from the public. That is
the amount of the charge.
If such a charge had been made by an ordinary
paper of the country, I do not think I should have
felt called upon to make any defence of "the op-
position majorities in the two houses of Con-
gress;" but it comes from the recognized organ
of this Administration. It comes from a paper
that is known to be in the confidence of this Ad-
ministration; and as it may be presumed to speak
the sentiments of the Administration, this may be
considered to be a chaige coming directly from
the Aministration against "the opposition majori-
ties," as they are called, "of the two houses of
Congress, ' of corrupt motives—of having called
for information bearing upon the public interest,
with the expectation that that information would
condemn the Administration, but that when the
information was brought before the two houses
of Congress, and it was found that the papers, so
far from condemning the course of the Adminis-
tration, showed it to have been a proper one, then,
from corrupt motives, the " opposition majorities
in the two houses of Congress" have concealed
the information. That is the charge.
It is not for me to enter into an elaborate defence
of the majorities of the two houses of Congress
upon such a charge as this. But, in addition to
this charge upon the two houses of Congress, it
charges, indirectly, the Committee on Printing,
to whom this document was referred, with con-
niving—-fraudently,corruptly conniving—to us, the
expression of that paper, shamefully and corruptly
conniving at this execution of the purposes of a
corrupt motive. Now, sir, what are the facts in
relation to this matter? After some delay and op-
position on the part of certain individuals, a call
for this information was made. After some delay
—necessary delay, I admit—it was communicated.
And how was it communicated ? Why, sir. a pile
of papers came here which, when printed, will
make at least a thousand pages of printed matter.
Now, 1 ask every reasonable man, whether that
amount of matter could have been printed imme-
diately? Was it expected at all, that it could be
printed immediately ? I am not in the habit of
attributing corrupt motives to any one, much less
to the Administration; but when that Administra-
tion, through its recognized organ, charges corrupt
motives upon this body, or upon the other portion
of the legislature—corrupt motives to the party to
which I belong—I must say, that I feel authorized
to look into the motives from which these charges
are made.
I put it to the common sense—the practical intel-
ligence—of every one who hears me, whether there
was any necessity to communicatp, in answer to
those inquiries, a document containing a thousand
pages? Will any one say so? Was the informa-
tion required such as to make it necessary to print
all that mass of matter in order to answer the in-
terrogatories? What were the interrogatories?
They were to ascertain the instructions which had
been given by Executive authority in California,
and the agencies sent there to carry out the pur-
poses of the Administration. What was the com-
mon-sense meaning of the call ? Did it contemplate
the printing of all that had passed in relation to
California, every question asked, and every an-
swer, every scrap of paper, every document, every
record, every minute of conversation ? I appre-
hend not, sir; and that, if the answer had been
communicated in good faith, it would have been
comprised in a much smaller space, and would
have required much less paper, and in a form in
which it could have been printed, and sent to this
house, in one week.
Now, then, at whose door does the charge of
corrupt motives lie? At whose door does the
practice of shamefully and shabbily withholding
! information, lie ? At the door of this body, or of
! tlle Committee on Printing? I leave that to the
j common sense, to the intelligence, to the candor of
every man that hears me. The information was
called for by this House and the other, and the
very moment the answer was communicated, an
order for its printing was made. And what did
the Committee on Printing do? Actin" in good
faith, in view of the call of the two Houses, and in
view of the object with which it was made, and
to execute the order given for the printing, they
gave the matter immediately into the hands of the
public printers, with directions, that it bhould be
printed forthwith, and not lie in the office to take the
usual order, or till other matter previously ordered
should be printed. That was to be thrown aside,
in order that we might get the information con-
tained in this document, for which the Senate had
called, in a form in which it might go before the
public, that what the Administration had done
might be known. Was that corruptly, shamefully,
shabbily withholding information which had been
furnished ill answer to the call ? Did not the com-
mittee act in good faith, doing all that possibly
could be done, to accomplish the purpose of this
call, and give the Administration a fair opportunity
of being heard, not only upon the points on which
information was asked, but upon everything rela-
ting to its conduct, and everything relating to Cal-
ifornia, embraced in a document larger than the
■President's annual message and the accompanying
documents?
But, sir, as the chairman of the Committee on
Printing said in the House yesterday, if the ed-
itors of this paper—and 1 will add, too, if those
who control the editors of this paper—would
state the truth, as readily and as earnestly as they
are disposed to denounce the Democratic party,
and attribute improper motives to those who
