1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
ment in the Territory of New Mexico, and it was
read a third time.
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and naya
upon the question " Shall the bill pass?" and they
were ordered.
Mr. DICKINSON. The final passage of this
bill was one of those questions upon which 1 have
paired off with mv colleague. If I were to vote I
should vote for the passage of the bill; but under
the circumstances, 1 am notat liberty to vote upon
this question.
Mr. SMITH. Upon this particular bill I too
have paired off with the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Foots,,] and therefore I shall
not record my name upon its passage.
The vote was then taken, and it resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS Messrs. Atchison, Radger, Benton, Berrien,
Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa,
Doualas, Downs, Felcli, Houston, Hunter, King, Mangum,
Mason, Norris, Pratt, Uoak, Si'bostian, Shields, Sturgeon,
Underwood, Wales, and Whitcomli—-27.
nays Messrs. Chase, Davis of Massachusetts. Dodjre
pf Wisconsin. Greene, Hamlin, Miller, Phelps, Uptmm,
Walker, and Wmthrop—10.
So the bill was passed.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the title was
made to conform to the body of the bill, omitting
" Utah;" and as agreed to, it is " A bill to establish
a Territorial Government for New Mexico."
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, it was or-
dered that when the Senate adjourn it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and after some time the
doors were reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
FRIDAY, -Sugast 16, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW MEXICO.
A message was received from the Senate, by
A. Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill to provide for
the territorial government of New Mexico.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. EWING, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Bgrt in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
sropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the current fiscal year.
Mr. EWING was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the allotted hour.
His remarks were addressed, not to the bill before
the committee, but to an examination of the views
of the President in his recent message concerning
the Texan boundary. The message, Mr. E. ob-
served, consisted of two parts: first, an exposition
of the views of the President as to what his duty
would be in the event of a certain contingency;
and secondly, recommendations to Congress as to
the measures which should be adopted by that
body. He thought it unfortunate that the Presi-
" dent should have written the first part of his mes-
sage, instead of confining himself to a recommend-
ation to Congress of such measures as, in his
judgment, might be required, &c. Arguing this
point, generally, and not in its particular bearing
upon the Texan question, he contended that no
State could ever be forced, by a resort to the mili-
tary and naval power, to any course of policy, be-
cause free government could not be maintained
where the application of force was required. He
then proceeded to read from the message of the
President, with a View to show that the President
was in favor of Mr. Pearce's bill, or of some anal-
ogous proposition. If that was so, the question
then presented itself, should Congress adopt the
President's recommendation? For his own part,
he declared his intention to vote for the bill which
had passed the Senate, with all his power and
strength, as being the best for the North, the best
for the South, and the best for the Union, As one
of those who had always believed the claim of
Texas to the boundary of the Rio Grande to be a
good claim, yet he proceeded to argue that, in
every respect, as regarded, her future well-being,
and the development of her resources, Texas
would be infinitely better off under the bill of Mr.
Pearce, than under the confirmation of her original
' claim of title. ,/./.*!.• n *
There were four minutes left of the time allot-
ted for debate.
Mr. SWEETSER took the floor. He said;
I have obtained the floor, at this late period, in
order to call the attention of the committee to a sin-
gle point, in order to make a distinction between
the claim of Texas to the territory lying between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and the disputed
line between New Mexico and Texas, without
any intention of discussing the various topics
which have claimed the attention of the commit-
tee, during the consideration of the President's
message, in regard to the State of Texas and
New Mexico. Sir, at the time Congress had un-
der consideration the resolutions of annexation, it
was well understood, in and out of Congrgss, that
the country between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande was a portion of ancient Texas, and that
Texas, after she had thrown off the Mexican ju-
risdiction, had organized that district of country, j
and attached it to an election district; although j
the States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Chihuahua i
had contested the right of Texas to dominion 1
over that district of country, was, however,
under thejurisdiction of Texas at the time of an-
nexation. It is also well known that in 1836, after
the battle of San Jacinto, that Texas entered into a
treaty with General Santa Anna, in which it v/as
stipulated, that the remnant of the Mexican army
then in Texas should retire from the Texan terri-
tory, and that General Filisola did leave the
country, and marched the Mexican troops west of
the Rio Grande, across into the States above men-
tioned. There were no troops on the west on
the line of New Mexico. At the time of annex-
ation, this boundary between Texas and New
Mexico had never been ascertained, and but one
attempt was made to explore—the ill-fated Santa
Pa expedition, which resulted disastrously.
It has been attempted in this debate to urge
upon the Democratic stde of the House, by the
Whigs, that inasmuch as the war with Mexico
was brought on by the assertion of the Texan
boundary, the Democratic party are now bound,
by honor and/rood faith to Texas, to concede and
maintain to Texas her boundary as claimed upon
the Rio Grande from its mouth to its source. Some
of the southern Democrats seem willing to yield
to the force of the argument, and quail before the
denunciation.
Now, sir, 1 maintain that this Government went
to war with Mexico because she had marched an
army to her northern frontier with the avowed in-
tention of reducing all Texas, from the Rio Grande
to the Sabine, to submission to the Mexican Gov-
ernment, making no distinction as to the country
between the Rio Grande and the Nueces, and the
balance of Texas. The Mexican army crossed
the Rio Grande in order to carry out that object.
The war was brought on, as declared in the pream-
ble of the act of 1846, " by the act of Mexico."
It does ijot surprise me to hear Whigs, who were
opposed to the war, and denounced it at the time,
and now denounce the party who prosecuted that
war, and vindicated the national honor, confound
the position of the Democratic party, in regard to
the Upper and Lower Rio Grande. No man or
party in this country now, or in this discussion,
has been bold enough to discuss the title of Texas
to the Lower Rio Grande. The universal acquies-
cence of the whole country, has long since silenced
that class of Mexican sympathizers who made
that question, in order to justify Mexican aggres-
sion and condemn their own country, whilst the
war existed. There is no man in this House who ;
believes, that if Mexico had marched an army to
Santa Fe, and proclaimed their object to be to
maintain the State of New Mexico m the posses-
sion of her ancient, known, and organized bound-
aries, and remained within said boundaries, that a
collision of arms-would have taken place between
the United States and Mexico.
Here the hoar having arrived for closing the de-
bate in Committee of the Whole, the Chairman's
hammer fell. .
Mr. S. intended to have said, that he desired to be
liberal to Texas, and to give her every fair oppor-
tunity to assert her rights to a disputed boundary,
acknowledged on all hands to be so at the time of
annexation, but he did not intend to vote under
any pressure that would influence his judgment,
or control his vote.
He did not believe that Texas had any valid claim
to the territory included within the ancient limits
of New Mexico. He did not believe that the
Government had by any act, either before, at the
time, or since the annexation, which authorized
Texas now to claim what she never had the ability
to assert prior to her annexation. Such being his
conviction, he should refrain from doing any act
which may prejudice the rights of Texas. He
was willing to have the question of boundary
referred to a commission, or umpire, as antici-
pated in the articles of annexation, or submitted
by agreement to the judicial tribunals of the
country, and whatever decision might be made, he
was willing to abide.
But he would never vote ten millions, or
any other sum, to buy from Texas territory which
lie did not believe belonged to her. He did
not fancy the time and manner in which this mat-
ter of indemnity had been made prominerft and
pressed upon Congress.
He had no fears of a collision of arms between
Texas and the United States; and if he had, he
would not vote the money of the people into the
pockets of Texan bond-holders, under any toar-
like exhibitions which might be made now; it
would be setting a precedent which would lead to
incalculable mischief. His constituents were will-
ing to do justice to Texas. Ohio had always
been her friend. If Texas has title to the Terri-
tory, there is a legal and constitutional manner for
her to assert it; if she has no right, the people of
Ohio would not approve the act of her representa-
tives who should vote to give Texas ten millions,
when in their judgment she was not entitled to a
dollar, because she threatens a fight. The voice
of .Ohio is, and will be, " millions for defence, not
a cent for tribute."
Such being his convictions, he feels it his duty
to make his views known in advance of his acting
upon the Senate bill now upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. BAYLY (availing himself of his priv-
ilege under the rule) took the floor, and addressed
the committee for half an hour.
Mr. BAYLY said: I have been anxious, Mr.
Chairman, for an opportunity to express my views
at length upon the late message of the President
of the United States. But I understand the spirit
of the rule which gives to a gentleman who has
reported a bill the privilege of closing the debate,
to be, that he may defend the bill against attacks
which have been made upon it, and I shall not
violate the spirit of that rule. But I cannot, in
speaking for the first ti.ne in this House since the
late message has been before us, refrain from ex-
pressing my opinions of it. I shall reserve it for
a future occasion to sustain them. Idonothesi-(
tate to say, after the most deliberate and careful
examination of it, that a more unsound and dan-
gerous message has never emanated from the Ex-
ecutive of the United States.
If it be true, as the President claims, that he
may decide first what the law is, and then t'nat he
may execute it, as he decides it to be, with'the
| army and navy, 1 say that this Government is a
military despotism. There are, sir, but three oc-
casions, as the law now stands, on which the mili-
tary force of this country can be used. The one
is, to repel an invasion ; the second is, where the
process of the courts is resisted, and the President
is called on, by the court itself, to assist its mar-
shal in executing its decree; and the third is, when
he is called on by the Legislature of a State, or if
it cannot be convened, by the Executive, to sup-
press an insurrection. But in neither of these
cases could he use the army and navy, if authority
to do so had not first been given by the Congress
of the United States.
Under our theory of Government, it was de-
signed emphatically that the military arm should
be completely and entirely under the control of the
representatives of the people. He has no right ta
use the army and navy, except in the precise cases
in which he is authorized to do it by Congress.
But for a law of Congress to carry it out, the pro-
vision of the Constitution, requiring him to take
care that the laws are faithfully executed, would
be a dead letter. And so it would be in the case
of an invasion or insurrection, and hence the laws
of 1795 and 1807 were passed to give them vitality.
I say, the law as it now stands does not authorize
the President of the United States to use the army
in the contingency which he contemplates; and if
he does, as he has said he will do, his act will be
an act of war—of civil war, and commenced with-
out authority of law. This opinion I shall take the
first opportunity that presents itself to sustain.
It has been said by a good many gentlemen who
