1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495}
differ with them—if they had sought truth as much
as they sought an opportunity to find fault and do
injustice—they would have known that the major-
ities in the two Houses of Congress, and the
Committee on Printing, had done their duty, and
had done it faithfully, and that, too, in such a
way, as would rebuke the manner in which the
answer has been given to the call—an answer
which, 1 venture to say, every candid man, when
he comes to see it, will say, is far from calculated
to answer the question candidly, and throw light
on the subject. .It throws such a mass of matter
upon the subject, as to cover it up, and not only
prevent its being printed at an earlier period, but
will also have the effect of preventing every one
who wishes to read it, from undertaking that task.
Where will you find a man, who is willing "to
wade through a thousand pages, when the whole
of the information which he desired to obtain,
might have been communicated in less then a
dozen ? Here is an amount of matter which no
man will peruse; and in that way the Adminis-
tration tries to escape all the responsibility for
what it has done.
Yet, sir, the Administration, through its recog-
nized organ, has come before the public, and
charged "the majorities of the two Houses of Con-
gress"—charged everybody connected with the
performance of public business here, in connection
with this matter—with corrupt motives, and
'shameful" and "shabby " conduct. They should,
at least, have clear consciences themselves, and
clean hands, before they presume—before they
flare—to come before the public, and charge impro-
priety and corruption on others. 1, for one—and
I think I fairly represent the feelings and purposes
of " the majorities of the two Houses of Con-
gres," or that portion of them to which I belong—
have been averse to making any factious opposi-
tion to the present Administration. As far as I
know, every disposition has been manifested to
give them a fair trial; to make no factious opposi-
tion; to throw no obstacles in their way. I have
been desirous that they should go before the pub-
lic on their merits; and that, by every call for in-
formation, they should have an opportunity to lay
their conduct before the public openly and fairly.
That was the desire of the Committee on Printing;
and I appeal to the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Smith,] who belongs to the Admin-
istration party, and is also upon that committee,
to say if I have not fairly stated what has been
done by that committee. I say that, in good faith,
they- did everything that could be done for the
purpose of allowing the Administration to come
before the public upon this subject, that it may be
known what they have done.
With regard to the delay, which has occurred in
printing this document, I do not know that I am
called on to make any remark; but I must say, in
strict justice—and I think every member of either
party, whether of the Administration, or the oppo-
sition party, so called, will say—that under the
present circumstances, the committee have been
unable, and that the system adopted by Congress,
for the performance of the public printing, has
been such as to prevent them from having com-
pleted the printing, with more expedition than they
have done it. It is immense, and it has been im-
possible, at the rates at which Congress has con-
tracted for the performance of this work, to have
completed it more speedily. But there is another
matter, to which I desire to call attention. Great
complaint has been made about the delay of the
public piinting, not only in this instance, but in
others. The Committee on Printing have been
charged with a neglect of duty, and the public
printers have been charged with it. This com-
plaint comes from the Executive quarter. Now,
in view of this, I have taken some pains to inquire
into the causes of the. delay. I hold in my hand
the proof-sheet of a portion of a public document,
now in the hands of the printer, and partially ex-
ecuted, which exhibits very strikingly one of these
causes. The fault lies not with either House of
Congress, not with the Committee on Printing,
not with the public printer, but with the Executive
Departments themselves.
I hold in my hand the proof-sheet of a portion
of the Report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
finance, and I find in it errors which require delay
for their correction—not errors originating with
the public printer, but errors occurring in the ac-
tion of the departments themselves. Here, sir,
within these few pages, I find as many as a dozen
pages in which gross errors have been made by
the department preparing the documents; and it
became necessary that it should be carried back
to that department for the purpose of giving them
an opportunity of correcting their own errors; and
thus daysand weeks transpired before the printing
of an important document could be completed.
Here, again, in these tables, immense alterations
had to be made in the rule and figure-work; cor-
rections of old heads had to be made, and new
heads added. Whole lines of these tables had to
be struck out, simply because they were not cor-
rect in the first instance; and thus, after the public
printer had gone to the expense of setting up this
matter, it had to be sent back for correction, caus-
ing considerable delay.
In another instance, in preparing a very com-
plicated table, requiring great care in setting up,
this document, in consequence of original errors,
had to be sent back to the Treasury Department,
and a whole column was struck out, requiring a
change in the whole matter. In other portions,
whole pages had to be changed, whole columns
struck out, and in consequence, in some instances,
as many as eight pages had to be " over run," as
printers call it—that is, a change of the matter—
destroying all the work done, and requiring days
and weeks for its execution. And yet the Ad-
ministration complain that they cannot get the
information, which they have given to the public
before the public, because " the opposition ma-
jorities in the two houses of Congress," are afraid
to let the Administration come before the public,
to be judged upon their merits. The fault lies
with them, and with them ought the responsibility
to lie. But, sir, 1 will not indulge in the terms
that would fitly characterize the conduct of the
Administration. I will not follow their example,
in applying terms of reproach, as they have
thought proper to do, to the opposition majorities
of the two Houses of Congress, imputing to them
corrupt motives and dishonorable conduct.
Mr. SMITH. It seems to me, that my worthy
friend, the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Printing, has attributed a great deal more im-
portance to this subject than it teally merits.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him, if he considers it a matter
of small importance, when the majorities in the
two Houses of Congress are charged with corrupt
motives ? If so, I have no more to say.
Mr SMITH. If he thinks it necessary to ex-
plain all the slander and abuse which emanates
from some of the presses of this city, I venture to
say he will have enough to do during the whole
session. My attention was directed to the article,
and I am very free to say, that it was put in by
the editors under an entire misapprehension of the
true state of the case. There was not,^ in my
judgment, the slightest foundation for any imputa-
tion upon the Committee on Printing, or the ma-
jorities of the two Houses of Congress, any more
than there was for the suggestion made by the
gentleman, that this newspaper, called the " Re-
public," is the responsible organ of this Admin-
istration. The Administration has no organ m
this city, and has nothing at all to do with con-
trolling the matter which appears in that paper.
Nor is the President, nor any of his Cabinet, in
the slightest degree responsible for this, or any
other article; though, 1 take leave to say here,
that the paper, in the main, so far as I recollect,
with the exception of the single article, to which
the honorable gentleman has alluded, is conducted
with entire decorum.
Mr. CASS. There are one or two other excep-
tions.
Mr. SMITH. Possibly, but with general de-
corum, and with proper respect for the majority in
the two Houses of Congress. I am perfectly will-
ing that the public should take the editorial matter
in this paper, and hold it up in contrast with the
matter which incessantly appears—matter of cal-
umny and abuse—in the columns of another news-
paper in this city. I should be on my feet almost
every morning in the session if I were to attempt
to explain 
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order. It is
not exactly parliamentary in the honorable mem-
ber to denounce one of the official organs of this
body, and as the Intelligencer and Union are those
organs, I think he must have reference to them.
Mr. SMITH. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi has had the advantage of being heard.
It is seldom that he obtrudes himself upon the
Senate, and I suppose he must be heard occasion-
ally by way of interpolation upon any remarks
which I see fit to make.
I regret that my worthy friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Borland] should have deemed it to be ne-
cessary, in making this explanation, to do any-
thing more than state the facts in relation to this
matter. It is entirely true, that one week ago—
about one month after this document was commu-
nicated to the Senate—the attention of the Com-
mittee on Printing was called to the necessity of
having this document printed immediately; and at
my instance, and with the full concurrence of the
other members of the committeee, directions were
given to the public printer to put this document in
hand, and cause it to be printed as soon as possi-
ble; for I was apprehensive we should be called
upon to settle all these questions, and particularly
the question in regard to the admission of Cali-
fornia into the Union, before this document, of the
highest importance, for the proper consideration
of the subject, would be printed and put into the
hands of the members of the two Houses. This
is all I deem it necessary to say upon this subject,
except to express my surprise and regret, that the
honorable Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,]
in repelling this imputation on the majority here,
which I admit, is unjust and unfounded, should
have thought it necessary to make an attack on
the Administration for sending papers here, which
are, as he says, unnecessarily voluminous. I de-
sire that my honorable friend should inform the
Senate how he knows this. Has he examined
these papers? Does he know what is material
and what is immaterial ? Certainly, I have not
done so. I believe the Administration made the
communication in good faith. They may have
thrown into the communication a great deal of
matter, which they themselves believed was not
important and material, but they did not know
what Congress might think on the subject, and
therefore they took pains to communicate every
thing to the two houses of Congress that,apper-
tained to California, and that could, by any pos-
sibility, come within the scope of the call made
by the Senate and House of Representatives.
The truth is, Mr. President, that the real diffi-
culty is with the system that we have adopted of
public printing. It is a vicious system. It is one
which is not 
Mr. FOOTE. Is the honorable Senator nearly
done ? I do not want to hear a speech on the
matter. I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator was .
speaking with the unanimous consent o.f the
Senate.
Mr. SMITH. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi listened very patiently to the explana-
tion of the honorable Senator from Arkansas,
and 
Mr. FOOTE. I heard not a word of it.
Mr. SMITH. I regret that very much; but I
am very sure that the gentleman would not have
interposed if he had known 
Mr. SEWARD. It is due to the Senator from
Connecticut, to state to the Senate, that the floor
was yielded to the Senator from Arkansas, by
unanimous consent of the Senate, for the purpose
of explanation; and I suppose the privilege of a
reply is to be conceded also by unanimous consent.
Mr. FOOTE. All I have to say is, that I wish
to bring forward a motion this morning, and the
morning hour has now nearly expned.
Mr. SMITH. I merely wish to add a single
remark. I am fully satisfied that the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, purposes to act with'all
due courtesy; and I beg pardon of the Senate, for
having trespassed upon their attention on this sub-
ject. I was about to explain what was the real
cause of the delay. It is this vicious system of
printing j and I contend that it is utterly impossi-
ble, under this system, that we should have public
documents ready in time. It is necessary that it
should be abrogated, and I will now intimate that,
at a very early day, 1 intend to bring the subject
under the consideration of the Senate. I say, then,
simply that, admitting, as I do, to the fullest ex-
tent, that neither the Committee on Printing, nor
the majority in the two Houses of Congress, are
in fault, the Administration is not responsible for
what may be said by the editor of the Republic,
in any degree; andjthat the whole difficulty results
