493
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11.
from this unfortunate system, which can only be
characterized by the old proverb, as being "penny
wise, and pound foolish."
Mr. BORLAND. I merely want to ask the
honorable Senator from Connecticut one question,
if he speaks by authority of the Administration,
when he disavows that the Republic is the organ
of the Administration ?
Mr. SMITH, (in his seat.) I said, that the
Administration has nothing to do with it.
Here the conversation dropped.
POST-OFFICE APPOINTMEMTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United Stales:
To the Senate of the United States-:
Th« Postma>ter-Geheral has this* dny communiC'ated the
letter herewith transmitted, in addition to his communica-
tion by me stmt to the Senate on the Gth instant, in relation
to the inquiries contained in the resolution of the Senate, as
to the appointment of postmasters. Z. TAYLOR,
Washington, March8, 3850.
The message was read, and ordered to be printed
with the message of theB6th instant.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE COMPROMISE.
Mr. FOOTE. I will ask the unanimous con-
sent nf rhe Senate to take up the resolution that
was introduced the other day by the Senator from
Tennessee, in order to refer it to a committee such
as I have heretofore proposed shall he formed, to
consist of thirteen Senators, six from the North
and six from the South—the thirteenth to be cho-
sen by the twelve, for the purpose of maturing
some scheme of compromise, by which this ques-
tion shall befmally settled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks leave to introduce a resolution.
Mr. BALDWIN. Let the resolution lie over.
Mr. FOOTE. It is not the introduction of a
resolution; it does not come within the rule at all.
I have simply moved, with the consent of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, to take up his
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair misun-
derstood the motion. The question will be on
taking up the resolution. The question being
put 
Mr. CALHOUN called for a division.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection, provided
ii will not interfere with the special order.
Mr. FOOTE. It will not, in the least, interfere
with it.
Mr. WALKER. Does the honorable Senator
from Mississippi ask for the consideration of the
resolution of the Senator from Tennessee at tins
time >
Mr. FOOTE. By no means. I have simply
moved to take up the resolution for the purpose of
refernng it. I will state, in addition, that I have
consulted with almost every leading member of
this body. It is not my own act. I have their
consent and sanction to the motion which I have
made; and I desire to take the present occasion,
while all are in good humor, to raise a committee,
to which this matter may be referred, in the hope
that they will be prepared by Monday to piopose
pome plan to wh*ch we can all agree.
Mr. BALDWIN. I object to th e consideration
of the resolution at this time, because I know
that no such resolution can be adopted by this
body, without a previous discussion, and as'there
has been a general understanding that the Senator
from Wisconsin shall be permitted to occupy the
floor to-day. He has waived his right repeatedly,
and I do not think he ought to be again interrupted.
Mr. FOOTE. I will not squabble about trifles.
I thought it a very plain proposition that 1 made.
My object was not to intcilere with the right of
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. But, as
I find that the motion cannot be entertained with-
out a squabble, I will waive it for the present, and
give nonce that, at the close of the speech of the
honorable Senator, 1 will urge my motion, as I
have a parliamentary right to do.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
THE SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe the other subject of
•debate, that of the reference to the Committee on
Territories of the President's Message, in relation
to California, stands before the subject upon which
the Senator from Wisconsin proposes to address
the Senate. I move, therefore, that it be postponed
and made the order of the day for one o'clock on
Mond ay.
The motion was agreed to, and the subject was
: accordingly made the special order for Monday, at
1 one o'clock.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns, it will adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the series of resolutions submitted by Mr. Clay.
Mr. WALKER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced on Wednesday last,
of which a report will be published in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. TURNEY rose, and obtained the floor.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator be kind
enough to yield the floor to me for one moment.
Mr. TURNEY. My only object is to get the
! floor for Tuesday. Will the Senator from North
I Carolina move the postponement of the subject
| until Tuesday?
I Mr. BADGER. Certainly,
j Mr. WALKER. Before concluding, I intended
! to have said that i have occupied the floor by the
courtesy of the honorable Senator from New
York, and I intended to move, for his benefit, the
postponement of the subject. I hope the honora-
ble Senator from Tennessee will allow me to dis-
charge the duty which I neglected.
Mr. TURNEY. I regret that I cannot accede
to the request of the honorable Senator. I have
been desirous of obtaining the floor for some time
time past, and if I now give way, I do not know
when I shall be able to secure it.
A debate ensued, in which Mr. BADGER, Mr.
DAVIS, of Mississippi, Mr. BUTLER, and Mr.
WALKER, took part; a report of which will be
found in the Appendix, with Mr. W.'s speech.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 11, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
THE SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. SIBLEY ro.se and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce, at this time, a
joint resolution, of which (he said) previous notice
had been given.
The title of the resolution was read as follows:
u A joint resolution for the rehefof certain bands of
Sioux Indians."
No objection having been made, the resslution
was received and read twice by its title.
Mr. SIBLEY said, that, as the lesolution re-
lated to a now existing state of facts in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, he would ask that it be put upon
its passage.
Mr. McGAUGHEY inquired of the Speaker,
whether it would be in order to move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER said, the resolution had not yet
been read.
The resolution was then read through.
The SPEAKER. Th is joint resolution con-
tains an appropriation, and it will therefore be re-
quisite, under the rule, that it should be first con-
sulted in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the order of
the day.
Mr. SIBLEY inquired of the Speaker, whether
it would be m order to move that the rules of the
House be suspended, so that the resolution might
be put upon its passage, without having been pre-
viously considered in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER said, such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. SIBLEY made the motion,
1 he SPEAKER having stated the question—
Mr. WHITE submitted, that unanimous con-
sent would be required to accomplish the object.
The SPEAKER said, not so. This was Mon-
day, and it was jn order to move a suspension of
the rules. !
Mr. WHITE suggested that the joint resolution
made an appropriation.
The SPEAKER said, such was the fact; and
the rule, therefore, required its commitment; but
the motion was to suspend all the rules, including,
of course, this particular one. And that motion
was in order to-day.
The question, s( Shall the rules be suspended
was then taken, and decided in the negative.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. SIBLEY now moved that the joint resolu-
tion be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved its commitment to
the Committee on Indian Affairs."
The question having been taken first on the mo-
tion of Mr. Sibley, it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of-the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the order of
the day.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the call of the States and Territories
for petitions and memorials.
The State of Georgia being first called,
Mr. JACKSON presented a petition, which was
appropriately referred.
NEW YORK RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that as gen-
tlemen had an opportunity to present their peti-
tions under the rule, he would move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the gentleman
to waive the motion, to allow him (Mr. K.) to
present certain joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York.
To-day was the first day (Mr. K. said) since
these resolutions had been received here, that New
York would be reached in the call of the Slates,
when an opportunity would occur to present these
resolutions to the House, in order, under the
rules, and when the objection of a single mem-
ber would not prevent their reception. The mo-
tion to go into committee would cut off this oppor-
tunity.
Mr. McLANE said, that the resolutions would
not be in order to-day, inasmuch as this was pe-
tition day—not resolution day.
The SPEAKER said, that the resolutions came
from the Legislature of the State of New York,
and-could be presented when the States were called
in their order for petitions.
Mr. McLANE having waived the motion, (for
the purpose intimated)—
Mr. KING presented the following concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of New York, and
he moved that they be laid upon the table, and
printed; desiring that, in the first instance, they
should be read.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
CONCURRENT RESOLUTIONS.
State of Nilw York,
In Sfc.na.te, January 16fA, 1850.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That, a# the Federal
Constitution was formed and adopted expressly to secure
the Ikssings of liberty to the people of the Un.ted States,
ami their po-terity, therefore, the Federal Government ought
to relieve itself from all lespoiisibihty lor the existence or
continuance of slavery or the slave trade, wheiever it has
the constitutional power ov  r those subjects.; and our Sen-
ators in Confess aie hereby instiucted, and our Repiesent-
ativcs are requested, to use their best etforts to procure the
passage of jaws, that vvili effectually ami fortver put an
end to the slave trade in the Di&tiiet of Columbia
Kesolied, (if the Assembly concur.) That the determina-
tion indicated by the Governors'Messages, and thereto I u
tions ot the L> gislatuies of various of the slavebolding
States, and by the Repiesematives of such Ftate^ in Con-
gress, to extend domestic slaveiyovei the teimory acquired
by the late treaty of peace wuh the Republic ot Mexico, we
feel bound to oppose by all constitutional means; and recog-
nizing the eon-tHutional power of Congress, to prohibit, by
positive enactment, the extension of sbmoy into tree teiri-
tory, our Senators in Connies* are heiebv nis'tnu ted, and our
Representatives reque-ted, to use their best eflotts to insert
such a positive piobibition into any law they may pass lor .
ti e i?o\ eminent of the teiritones in qtn- stion.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That our Senators in
Congi es  be instruct! d, and our Representatives requested, to
resist, firmly, and to the utmost ot then ability, and bv such
positive legislation as may be necessary, the extension of
human slavery, or the jurisdiction of Texas over any part of
New Mexico.
Revived, (if the A«semh|y concur.) That wo have learned,
with great satisfaction, that the people ot California have
adopted a constitution, which is entirely m accordance with
the spuit of the free institutions of out country; and our
Senators in Conure&a. are heieby instructed, and our Rep-
resentatives requested, to aid iri the passage of = ch lawb&s
may be necessary to admit that State into the Uuiou.
