1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15SH
produced this state of things, this obstruction of
the public business, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania and his associates' complain of that which
they themselves have produced.
Mr. CASEY. I really do not know or under-
stand whai the gentleman means by saying that
■myself and my associates, and those with whom
I act on this side of the Chamber, are chargeable
■with keeping up the slavery agitation, to the hin-
drance of business of the House and the country.
I appeal,/sir, to this House, that my course
throughout this session has been a moderate and
conservative one. And I must say, that I have
believed that the great opposition to a fair and
equitable compromise of these questions, has come
from southern gentlemen on this floor, and par-
ticularly from that side of the House with which
the gentleman acts.
Mr. BAYLY. Gluite'the reverse, as the House
and the whole country will bear testimony. Why,
who is it that, in relation to the question of slavery,
have done more to put us in a condition unfit for
the transaction of any other business, than the gen-
tleman from his own State—I mean the gentleman
from the Lancaster district? [Mr. Stevens.] They
chiefly contributed to produce this state of things,
making the neglect by us of our ordinary congres-
sional duties which they comp'ain of, inevitable.
Most of the Democrats from Pennsylvania have
pursued a patriotic course upon the slavery ques-
tion. Some of them have eminently done so. If
others had followed their example, an adjustment
of it upon terms of equality and justice could
long ago have been made, quiet given to the
country, and the tariff taken up, and any defects
in it removed. But, instead of it, the leader of
your part of the delegation, the member from
Lancaster, [Mr. Stevens,] has of all others made
the most offensive speeches, and has more than
most others contributed to the state of feeling in
Congress winch makes ordinary legislation im-
possible. And he, and others who act with him,
•will be responsible for whatever of mischief may
ensue in consequence.
Iam not one of those who regard th^e tariff act
of 1846 as being perfect; there is nothing perfect
in human legislation. When I voted for it, in a
speech I made at the time, I said it was a great
improvement upon the tariff act of 1842, but that
it by no means came up to my idea of what it
ought to be. But I am free to confess that the op-
eration of it has more than met my most sanguine
expectations. I do not mean to say, with a view
to revenue, which is the only legitimate object of
a tariff, that very beneficial amendments may not
' be made. On the contrary, I am q-iite clear, that
with the experience we have now had, it could be
greatly improved in many particulars. We have
heard a great deal, particularly from Pennsylvania,
about the great distress in that State with the iron
interest. I am inclined to believe, after a good
deal of examination, that that interest is suffering
at this time to a considerable extent. I sincerely
hope the pressure will be temporary. There is
no man in this country who is more of a friend to
that interest than myself. There is no one who
is more anxious to see it flourish. Of all the pro-
ductive interests of this country it is one which
ought to commend itself more than almost any
other to the favor of this nation. It is a hardy
pursuit; it does not enervate the persons engaged
in it as do some other manufacturing pursuits, and
thus emasculate the country. Its employers are
sturdy men, not like the sickly inmates of many
of the establishments which we are asked to foster
by a protective tariff. Keeping always in view
the only legitimate object of a tariff, I should be
glad that it could be so arranged as incidentally to
foster that interest. But the day for protective
duties for protection sake has passed, and I be-
lieve forever. But in reference to the subject of
the tariff, the committee determined simply that
at this time we consider it inexpedient to recom-
mend to this House to attempt to act upon the
subject. Having thus briefly replied to the re-
marks of gentlemen having particular reference to
the Committee of Ways ana Means, I shall not
longer detain the committee.
Mr. B. having concluded—
The CHAIR intimated that, as the bill was very
long, he should regard each appropriation as a
separate and dis'tinct section, and should rule
that after each section was passed, it was not in
order to refer back to it.
The Clerk rqad the first section, as follows:
" For compensation and mileage of Senators, memhers of
the House of Representatives, and Delegates, §416,338:
Provided, That the mileage of ^Senators, Representatives,
and Delegates shall hereafter be computed on tile route by
which the mails are transported from the Capitol to the res-
idence of each Senator, -Representative, or Delegate : Jln<l
provided further, That no such memher of either branch or
Congress, residing east of the Rocky Mountains, shall re-
ceive more than $*1,Out) mileage for each session, and no
such member or delegate residing west of the Rocky
Mountains shall receive more tiian $2,090 mileage for eaeli
session. Nor shali any memher of the Senate receive mile-
age for any session of that body which may he called with-
in thirty days after the adjournment of both Homes of
Congress, unless the travel, for which such mileage is
charged, has been actually performed."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
it, by adding thereto the following:
"Provided, further. That the salaries of all officers, civil
and military, a*well as members of Congress,holding offices
under this Government, where the salary is overJ1,01)0, and
no constitutional prohibition, from and aller the lat Monday
m December, 1850, shall be reduced one-filth upon (he
whole amount of salary, provided it does not reduce the
salary below $1,600, and then down to that sum."
Mr J. contended that the amendment ought to
be adopted; and that if retrenchment was neces-
sary at any time, this was the time. He referred
to the rapid increase which had taken place of late
years in the expenditures of the General Govern-
ment, and contended that the time had arrived
when Congress should, in good faith, set to work
to reduce them. He hoped that the amendment
would be agreed to in committee, so that he might
have the yeas and nays upon it in the'House.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to amend the section
by reducing the mileage of members residing east
of the Rocky Mountains, from §1,000 to $500; and
the mileage of those residing west thereof, from
$2,000 to §1,000.
Mr. S. briefly submitted, that the sum contem-
plated by the amendment, was sufficient for the
purpose; and he expressed his desire that the
amendment would be agreed to in committee, so
that a record vote might be taken upon it m the
House.
Mr. THURSTON said: Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
and 1 wish to state my reasons briefly, why I am
opposed to it. I do not mean to impugn the mo-
tives of the gentleman in offering this amendment,
but really, sir, I should have supposed, if sincere,
he would have shaped his motion in such a way
as to have secured for it a fair chance of passage. It
may not be impossible but that the amendment
was framed in this way purposely to defeat its
success, and yet to have a horse astride which the
gentleman could ejaculate some sentences for Bun-
combe. It may be, sir, that the gentleman would
rather see anything else pass than this amend-
ment, notwithstanding his advocacy of its pas-
sage.
Mr. SWEETSER called Mr. Thurston to or-
der", on the ground that it was out of order to im-
pute motives to him in offering the amendment.
The CHAIR said, that the gentleman from Ore-
gon was out of order in making such an imputa-
tion.
A motion was made that the gentleman from
Oregon have leave to proceed in order, which be-
ing decided in the affirmative,
Mr. THURSTON said: Mr. Chairman, I cor-
dially acquiesce in the decision, if I had imputed
any motives to the gentleman. I disclaim, how-
ever, intending to assert that the gentleman offered
the amendment with any improper motives. I
merely said, that it might be that he would ex-
tremely regret to see his own amendment prevail.
But as to his real motive, sir, 1 consider it doubt-
ful whether he had any motive. Surely, sir, he
could not have understood its effect,Stse he must
stand convicted of wishing members or delegates
to come to Congress and bear a portion of their
own expense. To show you, sir, and the com-
mittee, the effect of this amendment, let us recur to
facts. And in doing this, I will speak of my own
case.
It will cost me, to go from this place to New
York, at least twelve dollars. Then if I take gen-
tlemen's fare from New York to Chagres, it will
cost me one hundred and twenty-five dollars. I
suppose the gentleman would allow this, or would
he want a Representative or Delegate to take third-
rate fare, and carry his own bread and meat to eat
by the way ? Such is the tendency of his amend-
ment, and such the tendency of this whole system
of demagoguing about the pay and mileage of mem-
bers. Well, sir, it will cost me to cross thd Isth-
mus of Panama fifty dollars. From that place (o
Astoria, at the mouth of the Columbia river, the 11
fare is four hundred dollars, and from Astoria to
my home, at least twenty-five dollars. Here, sir, is
six hundred and twelve dollars; and this covers
merely the actual fare one way. Nothing is reck-
oned for expenses by the way; none of those
indispensables which are always necessary in jour-
neying, and especially in a journey of that kind.
To reckon moderately, these expenses will amount
to two hundied more. This, added to the fare,
makes eight hundred and twelve dollars. Double '
it for the journey both ways, and you have six-
teen hundred and twenty-four dollars. To com-
pensate the Delegate or member from Oregon, what
does the amendment of the member from Ohio pro-
pose? Why, sir, it generously proposes to pay the
Oregon member, or the Delegate, the sum of one
thousand dollars only. In other words, the gen-
tleman from Ohio consents that Oregon may be
represented here, if her representative will lose
his time in coming, pay all his necessary expenses,
pass through the most sickly climate on earth, and
encounter death at every step, and pay a portion
of his fare to the amount of six hundred and
twenty-four dollars! A magnanimous heart, this,
for a son of the great State of Ohio, and for one
who understands, or should understand, the hard-
ships and phases of western life!
Now, sir, it is true, that it actually Qost me,
when I came from Oregon to this place, eleven
hundred and fifty dollars. Besides meeting a heavy
loss on the Isthmus, to which all travelers on that
route are more or less liable, I expended three and
a half months' time, paid eleven hundred and
fifty dollars, and came very near losing my life;
for all of which, in future, I am, if this amend-
ment is to prevail, to receive the generous sum of
Jive hundred dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I caution gentlemen to pause in
this course, and to draw up the reins of the hobby-
steeds they have mounted. The people don't ask
faithful servants to work for them for nothing—
they expect to pay liberally—they desire it. It is
not so much with the people hmo much they pay
for service, as how that service is rendered. 1 have
long regretted, sir, this tendency of things. The
moment it runs so far that the poor man of talents
cannot serve the people because the pay will "not
sustain himself and family, that moment the men
of fortune step in, and fill those places for the
honor. In England, I understand, members of
Parliament receive no pay. The result is, that
men of limited means, those from the common
walks of life, are virtually estopped, and all the
places of honor and trust are filled with the mil-
lionaires—men who have no sympathies with the
laboring masses, and no object to attain, except to
seek how they can best promote and perpetuate
the class to which they belong. Hence, they legis-
late for the rich, and affect to charitably provide for
the poor. Now, sir, if the course of those men be
not checked, who so dearly love the people as to
enslave them in the net-work of their actions, the
child may now be born, who will see the chan-
nel of wealth the only one through which he
can arrive to an office of honor or trust. There
are men enough in this country who would gladly
serve their country in Congress, for no other boon
than the advantages of place and power—men who
might serve you well and cautiously for a season,
but who, before you would know, would have
you fast in the meshes of their artifice, and then
would suddenly change their position, from that of
servant to master.
As one, sir, who am alone indebted to none but
my Maker for what little I am; as one who has
struggled like a strong man against the arrogant
encroachments of aristocracy and wealth; as one
immediately of, and from the great moving masses
of this country, I am ready to stand up now and
hereafter, and forever, and bare my breast to the
encroachments of this feeling, of this policy, which,
under the pretence of loving the people, seeks to
enslave them, seeks to strike at their rights and
prerogatives, and seeks to deprive them of the use
of servants from and of themselves, by whom
they can be faithfully served, and by whom they
can be served with safety. I say, then, to you—1
say it to this committee, and I say it to the coun-
try universal, that the only safe course for the peo-
