THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, ]st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1850.
New Series .No. 32. ,
Resoloed, (if the Assembly concur,) That the people of
tliis Slate are desirous of" preserving inviofatc, the Federal
Onion, and that they will strenuously oppose ail attempts,
from whatever source they may emanate, or under what-
ever pretence they may be made, to effect its dissolution.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) Thar the Governor
be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolutions
to each of the Senators and Representatives from this State
in Congress.
By order of the Senate,
WILLIAM HENRY BOGART, Clerk.
State of Nlw York,
In Assembly, February 14/A, 1850.
Resolved, That the Assembly do concur in the passage of
the foregoing resolutions.
By order, JAS. R. ROSE, Clerk.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said he desired to
debate the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The motion is, to lay the
resolutions on the table, and that motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. EVANS said he believed the question of
printing was debatable, and he proposed to debate
that question.
The SPEAKER said the question to print was
debatable.
- Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the rules be
suspended, in order that the motion to print might
be considered now.
The SPEAKER, ((o Mr. Evans.) Does the
gentleman insist on his objection ?
Mr. EVANS said he did insist. The resolu-
tions had been read. The House knew what their
contents were. There was no necessity to print
them.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. GOTT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Speaker
whether it was in order to ask that the resolutions
be read ?
The SPEAKER. They are resolutions of the
Legislature of New York; and they have been al-
ready read.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative—yeas
107, nays 63, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Andrews', Ar-h-
mun, Bennett, Bingham, Bu-s< 11, Booth, Bnwlin, Brooks,
Buei,Burrows, C. Butler,T.B Butler, Calvin, C.trtter, Ca. ey,
Chandler, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Coiwm, Crowell, Dnn-
mick, Disney, Dixon, Dntv,f)uer, Duncan, Dunham, Dm kee,
F.tch, Fowler, Freed ley, Fuller, Gt n >, Guiding?. Uoodenow,
Got man,, Gott, Gould, Gunnel!, Hammond, Hampton, Har-
lan, Ilelmrd, Henry, Hibhaid, Hnagiand. Howe, Hunter,
Julian, Daniel P. King. Geotge G. King, Jame« G. King,
John A. King, Preston King, Lefiier, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, MattCeion, MeGaughej. MeLanalwii, R. M. McL.ine,
Moore, Morris, Nelson, Nes, Olds, On*, Pea^lee, Peek. Pot-
ter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds. Rioi'muison, Roblnns, Robin-
son, Root, Rumsej, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Silves-
ter, Spalding, Spraguc, Tlmddcus Stevens, Stetson, Taj lor,
Jame* Thompson, William Thompson, Thuiman, Tuck,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, WaUHn, Waldo, Wentworlh,
White, Whittlesey, VVildnck, Wilson, Winthrop, Wuud,
iand Young—107.
NAYS—Mes^r5!. Alston, Anderson, A>he, Averett, Bay,
Bovd,Breek, A. G. Biown, Burt, J. P. Caldwell, Clingman,
W. R. W. Cobb, Cnlcotk. Deboiry, Lldimind.son, Alexander
Evans, Ewm«. Gilmoie, Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamilton,
flara!*ori, Isham G Ham-., H.iymonil, Hilliaid, ilollidax,
Holmes. I-Iowaul. J. W. Jactaon, Jain' s L. Johnson, Jones,
Kautuian, LaSfcre. Marshall, Mason, M<Dowell, F. E.
Meli an, .McMullen, McQueen, McWillie. Moise, Morton,
Orr. Parker, Phelps Powell, Ross, Savage, Shepperd, Stan-
ly, F. P. rttanton, Rielidid H. Stanton, A exander H. Ste-
phens, Thomas, John li. Thompson, Toomb«, Venable,
Wallace, Watkuis, Wellborn, Williams, and Woodward—
63.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
And the motion to print lies over for debate.
Mr. HALLOWAY, who was not in his seat
at the moment when his name was called, asked
the unanimous consent of the House to record his
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HALLOWAY expressed his regret th£t
the privilege should not be awarded to him; and
added, that had he been permitted to vote, he
should have voted in the affirmative.
THE MEMPHIS CONVENTION.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw the
memorial of the Memphis Convention, which he
32
had heretofore presented. He desired to refer it
under the rule.
Objection having been made, the motion was
not received.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McLANE renewed his motion, which
having been decided in the affirmative,
The House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special message of the Presi-
dent of the United States transmitting the consti-
tution of California, and of the. bill heretofore
introduced by Mr. Doxy, providing for her ad-
mission into the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, who was enti-
tled to the floor, resumed and concluded his re-
marks, as follows:
I fear, Mr. Chairman, that I shall not be able
to say what I intend, with much ease to myself or
pleasui£ to the House. If I can overcome a very
stubborn hoarseness, under which I have labored
for several weeks, I shall proceed with my re-
marks; otherwise, I shall be under the necessity
of suspending them until to-morrow. I cannot
disguise the fact, that I feet some embarrassment
in undertaking to discuss the important ques-
tions, which have engaged the attention of so
many abler and more experienced gentlemen on
this floor. I feel, however, that it is my duty to
meet, at this crisis in our national history, a re-
sponsibility which rests upon me, as one of the
Representatives from the State of Kentucky—a re-
sponsibility which 1 owe to a generous constitu-
ency, and which I would not, if I could, avoid.
The honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] who so eloquently opened the
debate on the President's message, by the course
of his argument, intimated a doubt as to the posi-
tion which the people of Kentucky occupied, upon
the great question which nowabsoibs the attention
of all minds. Events which have occurred else-
where, and of which I am forbidden, by the rules
of parliamentary courtesy, as 1 understand them,
to speak, have contiibntfd to confirm that doubt;
and the position of Kentucky is, hence, regarded
by many as somewhat uncertain and equivocal.
No man can be insensible of the fact, that from
these and other causes, the foes of the Union—
the fanatics of the North—look toward that great
State, with some degree of hope and encourage-
ment; while the people of the South, on the con-
trary, are led to regard her with undisguised dis-
trust.
Believing, as I sincerely do, that all doubts as
to the position of Kentucky, at the present crisis,
are unjust to her patriotic people, I should be rec-
reant to my duty, as one of her Representatives, if
I did not contiibule my mite to their removal.
Sir, it is not the nature of Kentuckians to remain
undecided at the moment of danger, no matter
what shape it assumes, or from what quarter it
may come. There is nothing in their political or
peisonal history, from the day when the intrepid
Boone first crushed the wild-flower on the banks
of the beautiful Ohio, to the present moment,
which warrants the belief, that they are a people
given to doubts and indecision. No, sir! such
weakness is a trait which belongs not to the peo-
ple of Kentucky.
I care not how exalted or influential maybe the
person—I care not how high his position, or how
extensive his popularity—the mail who seeks to
place Kentucky m any other position than that of
stern and unbending adherence to the principles of
the Constitution—of deep and abiding reverence
for the Union as it was, and is, with every State
upon an equality with all others, and every right
sf.cure—does injustice to the patriotic sentiments
of her people, and will receive no sympathy from
them. Though he may have been enshrined in
their hearts as an idol, if he seeks to destroy the
one or the other, no matter by what means, they
will spurn him as they would their deadliest foe.
Has it been forgotten, sir, that during the past
! summer, Kentucky passed through a crisis which
I happens but seldom in the history of a State I Her
people had determined to modify and change her
State constitution, and the occasion was seized
upon as affording a favorable opportunity for the
agitation of the slave question. The fanatics
abroad exulted in the hope, that the people of
Kentucky could be impressed with their own in-
sane and dangerous sentiments, and might be in-
duced to abolish the institution of slavery. The
people of the slave States, sensitively alive to all
that could in any way affcct their own interests,
were not without apprehensions that the keystone
in the southern arch would give way under the
pressure, and the whole superstructure of southern
institutions be thereby endangered. The question
of emancipation was mad® an issue, and discussed
in every county in the State, with unusual energy
and ability. The good sense of the people, how-
ever, prevailed, and the result—contrary, I con-
fess, to the general expectation—was, that not a
single man, who had avowed himself before the
people as an emancipationist, was elected to the
convention. That body met—a constitution was
formed, and the institution of slavery, instead of
being less secure, is placed upon a more firm and
enduring basis. Under the old constitution, the
master, by complying with certain provisions of
the law, was allowed to emancipate his slave, and
the slave thus emancipated, was permitted to re-
main in the State and enjoy his freedom. Not so,
however, undet the new constitution. By its pro-
visions a master is not allowed to emancipate his
slave, under any circumstances, unless he first
makes provision for his removal from the State.
The danger of entailing upon the State that worst
of all curses—a free negro population—is thus
avoided; and if there is anything in this calculated
to offend the tender sensibilities of northern phil-
anthropists, they may console themselves with
the reflection, that it is the result of their own
senseless and indiscreet meddling with our domes-
tic affairs. I believe the people of Kentucky have
been goaded into the adoption of this feature of
the constitution, among the. most popular of all
others, by the intemperate and unjust interference
of Abolitionists of the North, with the institution
of slavery in the State. I agree with the honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stan-
ly,] who addressed the House on-yesterday—and
it is about the only part of his speech, I regret to
say, in which I do agree with him—that the efforts
of these northern philanthropists, instead of relax-
ing, have contributed to rivet more firmly the
chains of bondage upon the poor slave. Such, I
know, has been the fact in my own State.
in view of these circumstances, so expressive of
the will and feelings of the people of Kentucky,
can there remain a doubt as to their position upon
the great question which now so seriously disturbs
the tranquillity of the nation. The people of Ken-
tucky love this glorious Union as they love their
own life's blood; and there breathes not the man
who can, with justice,accuse herof disloyally. Sir,
she has sealed her devotion to the honorand glory
of this Republic, by the blood of too many of her
gallant sons, upon too many gore-covcred battle-
fields, to he justly liable to even a suspicion of
disloyalty. But much as she loves the Union—
much as she has sacrified to perpetuate its renown,
and promote its glory—she cannot, and will not,
submit to the degradation and dishonor of having
her own rights, as a sovereign State, and the rights
of her free citizens, trampled upon and outraged,
j With the sentiments of my own immediate con-
j stituents,no man is more familiar than myself; and
1 I speak advisedly when I say, that they do not re-
's cognize any right in Congress to interdict, by the
! Wilmot proviso, or any kindred enactment, the
' presence of slavery in the territories. Should this,
or any other measure involving the same principle
of interdiction, be fastened upon us by Congress^
we shall regard it as being done in defiance of the
plain principles of the Constitution, and in con-
tempt of our rights as free citizens of one of the
sovereign States of the Union.
What right, sir, has Congress to say to the
citizen of Kentucky, that, bccause he emigrates
from a particular side of the Ohio river, his rights
