498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
in the new territories shall not be as full and am-
ple as those of the citizen who emigrates from the
opposite side of that river. None, sir, whatever.
And yet, adopt the proviso—make it the law by
which the territories are to be governed—and you
do establish this inequality in the rights of the
citizens of the several States of the Union. Let
us look at one provision of the Constitution—that
which secures an equality of rights among the cit-
izens of the several States, and protects them from
any degrading discriminations:
« Art. IV. Sec. 2. The citizens of each State shall be en-
titled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States."
What meaning does this language convey, if it
is not a prohibition against the enactment of any
law which unjustly discriminates between the citi-
zens of the several States.
The Wilmot proviso, in its operation, would be
in direct conflict with this provision of the Con-
stitution, and is exactly one of the cases against
■which the prohibition was intended to apply. No
one will pretend to deny, that the right of property
in slaves is recognized and guarantied by the Con-
stitution—not only in States where it is authoi ized
by the local laws, but under certain circumstances,
in States where the local laws forbid it. I would
to God I could say it was respected and protected
as it was intended to be under that instrument. By
the Constitution of the Union, the right of the mas-
ter in Kentucky to his slave, is as perfect and en-
during, as that of the citizen of Ohio to his horse
or his cow. If my slave escapes without my con-
sent to Ohio, he is as much my slave there, as the
horse, if it escaped to Kentucky, would be the
horse of the citizen of Ohio; and 1 have the same
right under the Constitution of my country, to re-
claim possession of my slave in Ohio, that the cit-
izen of Ohio has to reclaim his horse in Kentucky.
[Here, Mr. Stanton, at the request of Mr.
Harrjs, of Tennessee, gave way for a motion
that the committee rise, and resumed his remarks
on yesterday.]
Mr. Chairman, when I gave way on Thursday
last, for the motion of my honorable friend from
Tennessee, I had referred to that clause of the
Constitution, which secures an equality of rights
to the citizens of the several States of this Union;
and was proceeding to show, that the Wilmot
proviso was in direct conflict with this piovision
of that instrument. I stated, sir that my right to
my slave was recognized by the Constitution—
not only to exist in my own State, where slavery
was allowed by the local laws, but, for certain
purposes, in Ohio, where it was not allowed. We
cannot take our slaves to Ohio, and enjoy our right
of property in them there, for the reason, that the
local laws of the State forbid it; but the territories
are the common property of the States of this
Union, and the citizen of Kentucky is as much
entitled to participate in their enjoyment, as the
citizcn of any other State. What law, or pre-
tence of law, is there for the doctrine, which
permits the citizen of Ohio to emigrate thither
with his property, and enjoy it when there, but
denies that right to the citizen of Kentucky ? The
citizens of Kentucky are entitled to the same priv-
ileges and immunities under the Constitution,
which are enjoyed by the citizens of any, or ail
the States; yet, we are told, when we take our
property, which is recognized and guarantied by
the Constitution, to the new territories, where
there exists no law to forbid it, we shall not enjoy
these privileges and immunities, to the same ex-
tent, and in the same manner, they are to be en-
joyed by citizens of other States.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Mann,"! *n combatting the doctrine
that we have a right to take slave property, which
exists only in a portion of the States, to the new
territories, and hold it when there, referred to the
case of a poJygamiat introducing his wives into
the territory, and asked with an air of triumph,
if he would have a right to do so ? [ answer, un-
hesitatingly, yes ! and there exists no power in
this Government to prevent it. The moral senti-
ment of the people would revolt at so sinful and
unchristian a practice, but where is the law to for-
bid it ? Suppose, for instance, polygamy prevailed
in any one of the States of tins Union, and was
authorized by law, who could forbid the poiyga-
mist from emigrating with his family of wives to
the new territories, and maintaining his relations
with them, so long as the territories remained in
their present unorganized and dependant condition ?
It seems to me, the gentleman would look in vain
to the Constitution for power to prevent it. Among
some of the Indian tribes, within the States, polyg-
amy exists, and is recognized by the courts, in
adjudicating upon their rights, and the practice of
polygamy, doubtless, now exists with some of the
tribes which inhabit the territory.
In some States, says the honorable gentleman,
lotteries are authorized by law; and he desires to
know if the citizen from one of these States would
have a right to carry with him the local law au-
thorizing lotteries. The privilege of drawing lot-
teries bears no analogy to the right of the master
to his slave. The one depends exclusively upon
the local law, and has no special recognition, or
guaranty, by the Federal Constitution; the other
is a rioht which is recognized, and sanctioned by
that instrument. The one is a bate, naked privi-
lege to do a particular thing, at a particular place;
the other is a right to hold a tangible^ existing
thing, as property—not only at a particular place,
but wherever, in this broad Union, that thing may
chance to be. If lotteries had the same sanction
and protection given them by the Federal Consti-
tution, which is given to slave property, then, un-
doubtedly—while the territories remained without
local governments—the citizen living in*a State,
where lotteries were authorized by law, would
have a right to carry them with him; and H would
be equally as great an infraction of that instrument
to exclude lotteries, by an act of Congress, as to
exclude slavery.
Our Government is one of equality among the
several States of the Union, as well as between
the citizens of the several States. The Wilmot
proviso, if you fasten it upon us, destroys that
equality, and degrades the State from which I
come, and her citizens, by instituting an unjust
and humiliating discrimination between them and
the citizens of other States. It was, in my humble
judgment, to prohibit, and guard against, this dis-
crimination, that the clause of the Constitution, to
which I have referred, wa.s inserted in that instru-
ment. Deny to us the same rights, m the enjoy-
ment of the territories, which you conccde to
others, and you not only do us great wrong, but
do violence to that plain piovision of the Consti-
tution.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fitch] assumed the position in his speech, that
the right of Congress to inieidict slavery in the
territories was settled by the ordinance of 3787;
and that, by that ordinance, slavery was abolished
in territory where it had previously existed.
Sir, with due respect for the opinion of my hon-
orable friend, I am constrained to say, that the
ordinance did neither. It neither settled the con-
stitutional power of Congress to interfere with
slavery, nor abolished it in the territory. The
ordinance was adopted before the adoption of the
Constitution, and no principle was established by
it in regard to slavery, which was not the result
of mere common consent. Upon the adoption of
the Federal Constitution, any citizen, of any one
of the slave States, who chose to subject himself
to the risk of removing his slaves to the territory,
might have done so, and the courts of justice
would have settled the question as to his right to
hold them. Whether the question was ever so
tested, I do not know; but this thing is certain,
beyond controversy, that slavery did exist in the
territory,and does,l believe,to some extent, exist
there now, notwithstanding the prohibition of the
ordinance. The census tables, for 1840, show that
there were, at that time, 341 slaves in Illinois, 11 in
Wisconsin, 3 in Ohio, and 3 in Indiana. As late
as 1818, the State of Illinois, in forming her con-
stitution, recognized the right to hold slaves at a
particular point m the territory, and provided for
the extinction of the remnant of slavery which
then existed. If slavery was abolished by the
ordinance, and the ordinance was binding and
obligatory, it seems strange, beyond measure,
that it should have been so flagrantly violated for
a period of so many years.
If the ordinance and its provisions were impera-
tive, they applied as well to the States when formed
under the Constitution, as to the individuals who ;
inhabited the territory. But, who pretends that
the States foimed out of the Northwestern territory,
and admitted into the Union under the Constitu-
tion, could not, if they had chosen to do so, l'ecog-
nize or exclude slavery at their pleasure? Illinois,
it seems, did to some extent recognize and tolerate
it, and she had a perfect right, as one of the sover-
eign States of this Union, to do so, notwithstanding
the ordinance.
The ordinance established no precedentby which
to give a construction to the Constitution on the
subject of slavery, any more than the Missouri
compromise did. The latter has been acquiesced
in by common consent; and so soon as that con-
sent is withdrawn, the line established by it will
have no more efficacy than one drawn upon the
water or in the air. I shall not pursue this sub-
ject farther. The want of power in Congress to
interdict slavery in the territories, is so clear to
my mind, that it seems incredible any man should
doubt.
There is no mistaking the design and purpose
of those who are engaged in this crusade against
the rights and interests of the people of the South.
The tone and temper of a portion of the people of
the North—the resolute and uncompromising
spirit of their Representatives on this floor—the
admissions which they make—all indicate, that the
exclusion of slavery from the territories in some
way is determined upon, let the consequences be
as they may. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Root] declares, with an irreverent appeal to God,
that he will not compromise this question—that he
will never consent that slavery shall have a foot-
hold m a single inch of the territory. This is not
all. It may l>e gathered from what has been said
upon this floor, that the exclusion of slavery from
the territories is only a part of the grand design.
The free States are to be brought m such close
proximity to the slave States, that the spirit of
freedom, operating upon the slave, will reduce his
number to so small a nucleus, that what is left of
the institution will not be worth preserving—in
other words, the exclusion of slavery from the ter-
ritories is only the means whereby the slaves of
the South may be seduced, run off, or stolen from
their masters, and the institution of slavery in the
States, which they cannot now reach, and dare
not attempt to reach by legislation, be thus broken
up. This is the real purpose—the ultimate end to
be accomplished.
is it to be supposed, sir, that the Representatives
upon this floor, in whose keeping are the interests
of those people who are to be so seriously and
vitally affected by the consummation of such an
unholy design, can remain calm, and not feel the
blood warm m their veins, at such outrage, so
openly avowed ? And are we to be told, too, that
because we resist such outrage upon our rights—
because we warn the perpetrators of the conse-
quences of their villainous designs—that we are
disnnionists, factionists, enemies of the Republic?
Sir, for one, 1 hurl back the charge into the teeth
of those who make it. We are not here for pur-
poses of wrong and outrage; we do not invade
yoar rights; we make no war upon your institu-
tions. You, who deny to us our rights—who
threaten us with the power of the General Gov-
ernment, if we do not submit to your demands—
who talk of marching your armies upon us, and
stimulating our slaves to insurrection and servile
war—you are the factionists, the disumomsts the
enemies of the Republic.
"You do the wrong, and first begin to brawl."
Whence came that, word, disunion ? The honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Mann] says,
it has been repeated so often upon this floor, that
it has become familiar to his ear. Had he never
heai'4 it before, sir? Is it possible that he is too
young to have lived in that day, when a certain
Hartford Convention demanded "dissolution or
secession," as the remedy for what that body con-
sidered to be a great wrong; or, is it convenient
for him to forget, that disunion has been a familiar
word with the people of his own neighborhood,
for nearly forty years ? Does he not know that
petitions are pouring into the legislatures of sev-
eral of the noithein Stales, and that seine of the
same character, fiom the same quarter, have found
1 their way to this House, asking a dissolution of
! the Union, because the South will not yield to the
! Behests of the fanatics here and elsewhere, and
: surrender up rights which are deaj* to ail her citi-
zens. Sir, the charge of a desire to dissolve this
Union comes with a bad grace from men living in
such a quaiter, and breathing such an atmosphere.
Mr. MANN here interrupted Mr. Stanton,
and said: The gentleman from Kentucky seemed
to have forgotten, that there was a special provision
