1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
with Great Britain ; and to tlw  widows and children of such
officers and sol lers who have died.
Also, tlm petition of William Hawthorn and 114 other citi-
zens o Pike, Giii^on, and Davm counties, Indiana, praying
the passage of a law granting a tri-weekly coach mail from
Wasltin ton, in Davis county, to Peter^bur?, in Pike
counry, and from t; ence to Princeton, in Gibeon county.
Also, the petition of John V. Dodge and 101 other citizens
of VamWung county, Indiana, praying the passage of a
law to ffectually suppress the African slave-trade ; and that
the indepei dence of Liberia be recognized by Congress;
and that commercial and postal arrangements be entered
into with the Government of said Republic.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of Daniel Clark and
48 others, citizen? of Mercer, in the county of Somerset, and
St ite of Maine, for the publishment of a mail-route from
Belgrade, in the county of Kennebec, through Rome,Mercer,
and Storks to West's Mills, in Industry, in the county ot
Franklin.
Also, the petition of A^a Chapman and 61 others, citizens
of Starks, m the county of Somerset, and State of Maine,
for the same, . .
AL<o, the petition of Samuel Lambard and 23 others, citi-
zens of Belgrade, in the county of Kennebec, and Stale of
Maine, for the same.
Ateo, the petition of Charles H. Whittier arid 13 others,
citizens of Rome, in the county of Kennebec, and fetate of
Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of Scmont Spooner and 45 others, citi-
zens of New Portland, in the State of Maine, for-cheap
posta™ e •
13y~Mr. HOWE: The petition of A. P. Wangh and 24
othor*, cit'zens of Mcrcer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Conuress to establish an Agricultural Bureau in one of the
departments of the Government at Washington.
By Mr. FITCH: A petition from sundry citizens of La
Porte, Indiana, asking a reduction of postage to two cents
per half ounce on prepaid matter.
Also, a petition on the same subject, from the faculty and
student- of Indiana Medical College, La Porte.
Bv Mr. THURMAN: The petition of ft. H. Williams
and 20 other citizen*, members of the First Congregational
Church Society, Bangor, Franklin county, State of New
York, asking for cheap postae^. , __
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of S. Iliggms and 55
others, citizens of Clinton, in the State of Connecticut, pray-
ing for the reduction of postage to two cents, on prepaid
letter* ol halt* an ounce.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of S. A. Eaton and
others, citizens of Hudson, Michigan. , .
Also, the periiion of D. A. Ilund and others, citizens of
New Buffalo, Michigan. _ „
Alfeo, the petition of J.Howard and others, citizens of
Conttantuie, Michigan. . .
Also, the petition of 74 citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
praying for cheap postage. „ Q M n
, By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of William Sill, U
Miller, and others,citizens of Summit county, Olno, pray
ing thfi abolition of the barbarous practice of flogging in trie
By Mr. WILDRrCK: The petition of William Clifton
and 105others, citizens of Hunterdon county, in the fetate
of New Jersey, asking Congress to pass a law to cstatmr-n
a uniform rate of postage, not to exceed one ccnt on news-
papers, and two ccnts on cach prepaid letter ol halt an
ounre, for all distances. _
By Mr. CARTTEK: The petition of Smith Orr, Jo>eph
Wilforde and 3U0 others, citizens of Wayne county, retnon-
etratins against the Clav compromise.
Bv Mr. HENRY: The petition of Dana Baily and
others, citizens of North Townsend, Vermont, for cheaper
P°Bv Mr. BISSELL : The petition of Washington Leverett
and others, the faculty and students of Shurtleif College,
Illinois, praying for the reduction, &c., or the rates oi
P°AUo% petition from the Directors of the Illinois Mutual
Fire Insurance Company, praying for the obJfcU p-
Also, a petition from Nathan el Niles and others, officer,
in the Mexican war, praying for additional remuneration for
Sf Bv°Mr. BKOWN, of'Mississippi: The petition of John FJ.
Home,of Mi^bsippi, praying relief from cer!f'n
of the Government, growing out of the purchase, by said
H By M?.'YOUNG-^Th^etiiion of C. Groudy and IBOottwis,
for a mail-route from Edwardsville, in Madison county, Illi-
nois. to Deca'ur, in Macon county, in said State.
By Mr KING, of New Jersey: The petition of in!1' ^ t-
ant/or Newark, New Jersey, loi dieap postage—tno cents
PeA'S,f™enpuuonof'Fir t Baptist Church, at Holmken,
New Jersey, for cheap postage—two cents per halt ounce,
SPALDING: The petition of electors of Niagara,
New York, that slavery and the slave-trade may lie prohib-
ited in all the territory ot the United Suites For J"[;v
to fugitive slaves; for prohibiting the a, m.ssion.of *>>> "'°re
stave States; and for the abolition of slaveiy and the slai e
trade, in the "District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Maltha Hallack, for bonoty lands.
iiv-Mr LA SERE: The pet tion of Mistress Widow Man-
uel Cruzot,of New Orleans, claiming a balance due her late
TAYLOR: The remonstrance of Joseph Ridgway,
Tr and 38 others, citizens of Columbus, Ohio, apnist the
frnther extension; by act of Congress, of the   Woodworth
Plt-nt " so called, for a planing, tongning, and giooving
machine, granted Decembei 27th, 1828, and reissued,
July 8th, 1845.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 11, 1850.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of T. P.
McBlair, a purser m the navy, asking to beallowett
a credit in the settlement of his accounts for pay-
ment to certain warrant-officers holding appoint-
ments in the navy, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of the
heirs of Mary Jimeson, a Seneca Indian, asking
the payment, with interest, of a sum of money
deposited for the purpose of investment, with a
United States sub-agent; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the petition of emigrant Seneca, and other
tribes of New York Indians, asking that a new
home may be assigned them in the north,*ind that
they may be indemnified for their expenses ana
sacrifices in endeavoring; to effect a settlement m
the territory provided for them in the southwest,
by the treaty of 183S; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chenango coun-
ty in the State of New York, asking that news-
papers may be exempt from postage withm a
limited distance from the place of publication;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post-Roads.
Also a memorial of citizens of Coopersville,
in the State of New York, asking that copies of
the Constitution of the United States, and Wash-
ington's Farewell Address, may be provided for
each school district in the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of the Christian
party of the Menomone Indians, asking to be al-
lowed additional compensation for the lands ceded
by them to the United States, and that the lands
east of Green Bay may be assigned them m lieu
of those provided by treaty for (heir permanent
homes; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of Simeon Greenleaf, asking an exten-
sion of his copyright; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
I Also, a petition of the professor and students
I of the Theological Seminary at Andover, in the
i State of Massachusetts, asking the adoption ot
1 measures for the amicable adjustment of all inter-
i national difficulties by arbitration; which was re-
I ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. .
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Jacob |
Hickman, asking the confirmation of title to
certain lands lying in the Bastrop grant, m Louisi-
ana; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims. .
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of officers
of volunteers who served in the war against Mex-
ico, asking an additional allowance of bounty lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
A Also, a memorial of clerks employed in the
pay-department of the army, ask,ns: an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr CLEMENS presented a petition of Willis
stephens, asking the confirmation of his claim to
: an Indian reservation; which was referred to the
I Committee on Private Land Claims
I Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Ferguson, a pensioner of the United States,
I asking to be allowed a back pension; which was
I referred to the Committee on Pensions.
' Also, of the heirs of Jonathan Patch, a rev-
' oliuionary soldier, asking to be allowed a pension,
! to which their father was entitled; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. ;
l! Mr DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of i
citizens of that State, asking a grant of public
land, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Davenport to Council Bluffs; which was ordered
to lie on the table. . _
Also, a memorial of the city council of Bur-
lington, Iowa, and a petition of citizens of the
, "p nuce asking that certain accretions, or land,
caused by'the current of the Mississippi river,
may be granted to that city; which was referred
i to the Committee on Public Lands.
I Mr ATCHISON presented two petitions, or
1 citizens of the counties of St. Francis,
1 and Wayne, in the State of Missouri, asking the
establishment of a mail route, from the Iron
Mountain to Greenville, in that Sta'e5
referred to the Committee on the Post Office ana
^°Mr^STURGEON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, asK-
in" a reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. . . . „ „
Mr. CLAY presented a petition of O.
ward Wilson, and others, asking the reduction of
the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of James Higgms, William
Adams, and others, asking that California may be
admitted into the Union as a State; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, the memorial of Leslie Combs, asking tile
payment of a debt due him by the late Republic of
Texas, for which the public faith and revenues of
that Republic were pledged; which, together with
hi* papers on the files, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, a document of B. F. Rogers, and other
citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, proposing a
plan for the adjustment of the controversy between
the northern and southern portions of the Union,
growing out of the institution of slavery; which
was ordered to lie on the table. , .
Also, a memorial of George C. Goss asking
that a burying-ground may be purchased m the
vicinity of the city of Mexico, which was used
for the interment of American; citizens during the
occupation of that city by the United States army,
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Mr. HALE presented nineteen petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, asking that the spirit-
ration in the navy may be abolished.
Also, nineteen petitions of citizens of the
same State, asking that corpora1 piimishra.
be abolished in the navy of the United States,
which petitions were severally referred to the Lom
mittee on Naval Affairs. • _ t .
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens
of Harrison county, a petition of citizens of01 r-
lin, and a petition of citizens am3 feI"al® 'ab£
ants of Loraine county, m the State of Ohio, re
monstratin"' against the adoption of the resolutions
submitted by Mr. Cla*, for the adjustment of the
controversy growing out of the institution of
slavery, and praying that the introduction.>f silaves
into any and all territories now free may be, pro
hibited* that slavery and the skv«-tr^eb
District of Columbia, and tHe slave-trade between
the States, may be abolished, and that the pio
visions of the act of 1793, respecting the reclama-
tion of fugitive slaves, may be repealed; which
werf ordered to he on the t&bl6 
Also, two petitions from Gitizens of Jefferson
county, and one petition from citizens of
county in the State of Ohio, for a reduction of the
rates of postage; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the*Post-Office and Post Roads.
THE LOWER Rio GRANDE.
Mr CLAY. I have received, and been request-
ed to present, a petition signed by a number of
citizens of the valley of the lower part.of the Rio
Grande. They are complaining of their eonnec-
*(Vi Thev conceive that Xexas has
| been extensivcly "re"1"1®*, £ dispense
I wkh°tbe heading of the petition, and that it have
i| thMr PRUSK? r A^sMar petition was Panted
1 of the citizens of the inhabitants of that section
!; siderable portion of th d j rge number
! of the country are Aversely to
of them Mexicans who we e en^ag ^ ^ ^7 q{
T6To Grand's nee the termination of the war.
the Rio Grande s d indlv,duals there.
There are a few Amjonten ^ ^
W,hat rlii-al influences from other quarters, i do
but hey have rather tak'en charge of
1 Meiicans The petition sent here the other
H„v was S.«ned almost exclusively by Mexicans.
&e individuals, during the session of the leg.s
