1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.question which forms a great portion of his argu-
ment; and it is the proposition that property in
man has never been recognised in but two in-
stances to which he has adverted: first by the treaty
of which he speaks as having occurred at the com-
mencement of the tenth century; and next, by the
clause of the Constitution, to which he has re-
ferred. *
Now, sir, we are unquestionably under no ob~
ligation to re.spect the stipulations of a treatv so
ancient as that to which he has referred; and he
has manifested to-day, under rtircumstances very
well calculated to excite surprise, his disposition
to absolve himself from the obligation imposed by
the clause in the Constitution.
But what I desire to state, in order that it may
go out with the remarks of the honorable Senator,
is, that the proposition which he denies, and which
he says has been only supported in the two in-
stances which hegavc, has been recognized by die
judiciary of this Union, and has been solemnly
and repeatedly recognized by the treaty-making-
power of the Union The Senator from New
York does, or he does not, know, that the proposi-
tion that slaves are held as property, has been
solemnly decided by the judiciary of the CJnion.
He does or does not 
Mr. SEWARD. Tiie Senator will excuse me; ;
he is laboring under a misapprehension of my re.- !
marks. 1 said I had found but two treaties in
which a property in slaves was recognized. I did
not deny that it had been recognized by the Su-
preme Court in ifs adjudications.
Mr. BERRIEN. The honorable Senator will
not escape from the misrepresentation of fact by
confining himself to treaties, tie does, or does
not, know, that the treaty between Great Britain
and the United States expressly recognizes slaves
as property. He does, or does not, know, that the
treaty of Ghent, in 181*4, did so recognize them,
and that the convention entered into in 1818 ac-
ceded to the proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 must beg leave to correct i
the Senator. I did not say there were no treaties !
that recognized the right of property in slaves. I 1
said there was no treaty providing for the extra- j
dition of slaves. i
Mr. BERRIEN. With the Senator's second '
modification of his proposition, let us see in what j
position he stands. The treaty of 1814 recognized j
the obligation on the part of Great Britain to de- '
liver up, or account in full for, all slaves that they i
had deported, and the convention of 1818 enforced
the stipulations of that treaty; and, whether the
slaves were specifically returned, or whether paid
for, the obligation of extradition was as expressly
recognized in the one case as in the other. It is
in the recollection of every member jn this Senate,
that the obligation of Great Britain, under the con-
vention of 1818, to restore the slaves or account for
them in full, was referred to the Emperor of Rus- i
sia; and the obligation was enforced, *and the
United States did receive the value of the slaves j
that had been so deported. They are in terms !
recognized t y that treaty—which is the supreme J
law of the land—as slaves, as the property of those j
persons who held them as slaves, and for the de-
portation of which, Great Britain, under the stip- ;
uiations of the treaty of Ghent, was compelled to
render pecuniary compensation.
The question was then taken on the motion to j!
postpone the subject until Wednesday, and it was !
agreed to. !!
Mr. FOOTE. 1 simply rise for the purpose of j
announcing to the Senate, that, as I have been ;
very patient in regard to my proposition for a [\
committee, and permitted the matter to be so often j!
deferred, I shall, to-morrow, at the earliest mo- j
ment at which I can get the floor, urge warmly i
that the committee be raised, for the purpose of;;
taking those questions that are now before us into
consideration—not for the purpose of preventing
further discussion upon those questions, but to as- |
certain whether some plan may not be devised for ,
their final adjustment.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 1
Toesoat, March 12, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
503
which, he said, previous notice had been given.
The title of the bill was read as follows:
" A bil! to repeal a part of the 6th section of ihe act an-
provsd September J5m, 17-9, entitled 'An act to provide for
the safe-keeping of the act, records, and seal of the United
States, and for other purposes.'"
Objection was made.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the regular order of business.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning (lour to be the motiom hereto-
fore made by Mr. McLane, of Marylanu, to re-
consider the vote by which the House had rejected
the following resolution:
Resolved, That thirty thousand copies of the mechanical
portion, and that seventy thousand copies of the agricultural
portion, of the Patent Office Report bo printed.
Mr, VEN"A.BLE, who held the floor when the
subject was last under consideration, said:
Mr. Speaker: I regard ihe subject now before
the House, as one of great importance. Although
taken by itself, it may seem of minor consequence,
yet it involves a principle which must ultimately
produce serious results. It assumes it to be the
duty of Congress to enlighten and instruct the
country upon subjects not immediately before us
for legislation—to give direction to the public
mind,and to form public opinion, in relation to mat-
ters which arc not before us, as Representatives of
the people—and to make us the propagandists of
the doctrines which the Commissioner of Patents,
for the time being, may hold. We are becoming;
a book-making concern of the mostexpensive sort,
engaged in issuing books, the merits of which we
have no opportunity to estimate, and taxing the
people to an amount far beyond any ordinary cal-
culation, in order to enable members of Congress
to send a very expensive, as well as a very ordi-
nary book, to about one in forty of our constitu-
ents. The postage on these books, which the
Government pays, is, as we all know, the most ex-
pensive mode of transportation; and, although not
felt by the individual receiving it, is in fact paid
by those who never get it, out of the revenues
derived from general taxation, indeed, I do not
sec why gentlemen should desue to have this
patronage. It affords a very good opportunity to
give offence to the multitude who do not receive
the books, while a very small number can be con-
ciliated, by the favorable notice of the member who
sends them. The people can see no reason why
particular individuals should be selected for
such a distribution, while the larger portion are
neglected.
But, sir, the evil is a growing one. This busi-
ness of publishing a large edition of the report of
the Commissioner of Patents, has sprung up within
a very few years; and now, if the expense of
printing and binding shall be added to the expense
of postage, the amount expended annually, and
now proposed to be expended, cannot fall far short
of eighty or ninety thousand dollars. The sum
is enormous, and the benefit, if any, entirely inad-
equate to the cost. I ask gentlemen to consider,
that we are circulating, at the public expense,
books not composed of the history of the business
of this House—not containing the information to
which our constituents are entitled, as to our trans-
actions here—but made up of such matters and
things, true or false, which the Commissioner of
Patents may choose to select from newspapeis,
agricultural periodicals, tariff tracts, or statistics,
prepared for special purposes, to sustain certain
political schemes. A moie convenient mode of
propagating opinions on the tariff, cannot be con-
ceived. The incumbent, owing his place to the
Executive, may advocate a revenue tariff, be a
free-trader, and yet may not have the capacity to
illustrate the subject and place it fairly before the
country, which many gentlemen in this hall pos-
sess, whose speeches and whose statistics would
be infinitely more valuable than his lucubrations.
So of the diffusion of opinions in favor of a pro-
tective system. The Commissioner may do the
greatest injustice to hi3 subject, for want of infor-
mation and talents, and the book mislead all its
readers. For the acts of this House, all of us can
be made responsible by our votes, for they may
be recorded; but for the opinions, statistics, and
doctrines propagated in this book, we become en-
dorsers, because we vote for the publication, and
lay a tax upon the people for its distribution, how-
ever partial or unsatisfactory.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] re-
/erred to the vaiue of the information contained
in the reports, and the duty of Congress to return
some of the revenue paid out by the people west
of the mountains, in the shape of mechanical and
agricultural knowledge. I have yet to learn that
this is any part of our duly. Information is of
great value, it is true; but this government was
never intended to be the great schoolmaster of the
people. It was never intended that political or
moral, mechanical or agricultural opinions, deriving
color and character from the accidental, and to us,
irresponsible, incumbent of the office of Commis-
sioner of Patents, should emanate from this place,
under the seal and sanction of Congress, to do
the work of political emissaries, or to build up par-
ticular systems. A good book is a very good
thing, of great value; a well-digested and truth-
ful record of events, is of inestimable worth; but a
weak, senselessly-compiled, or incacurate book, isa
very great nuisance—and it is impossible for us to
say whether the report we publish is good or bad,
truthful or incorrect.
None of us have time or opportunity to examine
it, and yet because itcan be sent without expense to
the individual who receives it, we vote this patron-
age to ourselves, without reference to the value or
importance of the statements which are contained
in the report. To the gentleman from Ohio, I
would say , that I am, as fully as he can be, de-
sirous of diffusing information to the people—light
like that which emanates from the sun, and
shines upon all. Let him come up with me and
take off, or reduce, newspaper postage and letter
postage—apply this many thousand dollars a
year spent in priming, and transporting Patent
Office reports to a few double P P'e in the districts,
while all of the single F's are disregarded and
passed by without notice. Let him come up and
take off all newspaper postage from papers within
forty miles of the place of publication, ami thus
enable our county and provincial newspapers to
sustain themselves against the competition of the
city press. It will enable thousands now to receive
an agricultural paper, and read it—perhaps the%
very paper from which much of this report is*
clipped—who would never see this book, and have
no time to read so large a volume, if they did.
They would at least choose their own papers, and
their own means of information, and not have us
select for them, who have no opportunity ofjudg-
ing of the value of either.
But, sir, all this is wrong, for another and a
graver reason; and the commencement of the evil
is the time to correct it. Nothing is more true,
than that the people should depend upon them-
selves, and not upon the Government, for their
education and their individual prosperity. Noth-
ing more completely divests of a sense of personal
independence, than the habit of looking to the
Government, either for position or forsupport—for
light or for instruction. When men have their eyes
in that direction, they make Government an idol,
and- Heaven always punishes idolatry by the sub-
jugation of the intellect, and the extinction of our
feelings of independence. The Government, by
authority, propagates opinions, and gives such
information as the Cabinet may think expedient;
and the people are to take it as an act of gracious
liberality, by instructing them in their ignorance.
The country press, upon which the people are de-
pendant for all conservative opinions, are unable
to sustain themselves against this government
competition, for the papers are broken down by
such formidable opposition. Agricultural peri-
odicals are prostrated by our action here; for
an amount of demand for them consuming near-
ly all the clear profit, is destroyed by this appa-
ramly gratuitous, but actually most expensive,
publication. Let us apply the, money now sought
to be expended in this publication, to the relief of
newspapers from postage to at least that amount.
The country press, without some such aid, must
be prostrated before the cheapness of labor and
the conveniences of machinery in the cities; and
we shall be drawn to the city press, with all its
objectionable accompaniments, and the Patent-
Office report—speaking the opinions of a party in
power, qn commerce, agriculture, and manufac-
tures—for light and information. And this, too,
when fte country press could do the work cheaper
and better, if not broken down by the competi'.ion
of this Government, and the burden of postage
paid by subscribers.
