-1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug, 19,
I£e moved to put the bill on its i
The bill and amendments reported, were read.
Ths first amendment was, to strike out from the
end of the section proposed to be amended, the
words, " with the intention to become permanent
citizens thereof," so as to leave the section read as
follows:
"That in enumerating persons residing in California, Or-
egon, Utah, and New Mexico, rhe &everai assistant marshals
or agents shall include those who may have left their resi-
dence in any State or Territory of the United States prior
to the first rt.ty of June, 1650, to settle subsequent to that
date in either of the said countries."
The second proposition was, to amend that por-
tion of the bill fixing the compensation of mar-
shals, as follows: Strike out the words "one cent
for every twenty words written at length in the two
copies mentioned m the,said eleventh section, and
one cent for every hundred copies of abbreviation
of words therein mentioned," and to insert in lieu
thereof the words •' ten cents for each page of
the two copies mentioned in the said eleventh sec-
tion of the act aforesaid."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
the following amendment to the amendment, viz:
" That in any of the districts of the United States whf re
causes, beyond the control of the marshal shall have tended
to delay tne taking of the census so thai the same could not
be taken and the return tl&reof m^de withtn the time pro-
scribed by the act of2Jd May, the Secretary of the Interior
in i.v, if he sees ptoper, extend the time to any day not later
than the 1st of January, 1831."
Mr. BROWN", of Mississippi, asked for the
reading of the first amendment of the committee;
which was read.
He inquired of the chairman if by striking out
these words, 44 with the intention of becoming per-
manent citizens thereof,1' he intended that persons
who hail gone to California with no intention of
becoming permanent citizens should be enrolled as
a part of the inhabitants of that county?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, replied,
that the committee intended that only those should
be enumerated who had left the United Stales pre-
vious to the first of June last. If they were not
enumerated in Californiathey would beenumerated
nowhere; the committee, therefore, thought the
provision important.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said, it was well
known that thousands and tens of thousands of
persons had gone from the United States to Cali-
fornia with no intention whatever of remaining !
there. These people would be enrolled in the seve- j
ral States in which they resided and had left their :
families It would be so in his own State, and in j
all the Sratcs. !
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said, the I
enumeration took effect from and after the first of :
June. Those persons who had left ihe States after
that time would not be enumeiated here.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Will not these
persons be enumerated asinhabuants of California?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Yes; and
they will lie enumerated nowhere else.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. The gentleman
is altogether mistaken. Suppose A., residing in
Pennsylvania, has gone to California and arrived
there before the first of June with no intention of
becoming" a permanent citizen, will not his family
in Pennsylvania return him? That is the point.
Will he not therefore be twice enumerated ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will see from the first part of {hat section
that these personsare required to have settled there;
and the last part only avoids the necessity of in-
terrogating them as to their intention of perma-
nent, continued, everlasting residence there. But
they musf be settled inhabitants.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi True; but who
are "settled inhabitants?" if a man goes to
the mines to stay three or four months he "may
call himself a settled inhabitant. But if he intends
to return, even if he shall remain three or four
years, he will be enumerated in the States, and
he cannot be enumerated elsewhere. I repeat,
that if these words are stricken out, thousands of
persons will be enumerated m California and again
in the States. It is this to which I object. If
they intend to become permanent citizens they
ought to be enumerated m California, and not in
the States whence they have gone. We know
very well, that of all the emigrants who have gone
to California, much the .argest portion have left
their families behind them, it is so in all the '
southern States, and I apprehend it is so every- |
where. Then when the census-taker goes to the
residence of such a man, his wife or family will
give his name as a resident of Virginia, Georgia,
Carolina, &c., though he has gone to California,
but with the intention of returning. What pro-
priety is there, then, m enumerating him as a per-
manent resident in California? It will swell the
returns from California beyond the actual popula-
tion. 1 am therefore opposed to striking out these
words. I want a fair, honest enumeiauon to be
taken in California, as everywhere else.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I will say-
just one word, which I think will be satisfactory
to the gentleman from Mississippi. The general
law passed m May last provides lor taking an enu-
meration of the inhabitants of every district. Now,
if a family reports a man gone to California, he
cannot be taken in the district; he is out of it, and
not an ** inhabitant." if he is in California
merely as a sojourner, he cannot be an inhabitant,
and cannot be enumeiated, because the bill, as it
stands, provides for his being a settler there. We
propose to strike out that part of the inquiry
which demands to know whether he intends to be.
! a pet numeric resident or not. A man may be a
; resident, but not be able to say whether he will be
a permanent resident or not.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired of
the chairman of the committee who repoited this
bill, whether the first section did not propose to
inciease the compensation of the marshals?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, replied
that n did not. So far as the Tern tones were
concerned, the former law authorized the military
to be used; but if it was not used, it provided no
means for ascertaining the compensation for th
assistant marshals. This authorized the {Secre-
tary of the inteilor to give them a compensation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Is it not
practicable in some way to fix the compensation?
Is it usual to allow a compensation which the
Secretary of the Interior may choose to give ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Yes; it
has been practiced heretofore in a much moie
odious form—to allow the district judges any whet e
to increase the compensation of the marshals. 1
do not like it, but the Committee on the Judiciary
could not fix any standaid of compensation. J
think no district judge will exceed a reasonable
amount, and run the risk of making himself odious
upon so small a matter.
To avoid debate, as the House have more im-
portant business before them, 1 move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER said, the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania was not now
in oidei, and could not be received, after the pre-
vious question was seconded, unless by general
consent.
No objection being made, the amendment was
leceived.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered, being first on the
amendments.
The first amendmento( the committee, proposing
to strike out the woids, ** with the intention to be-
come permanent citizens thereof, " having been
read—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the yeas
and nays on its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES wished the Speaker to state the ques-
tion, as some gentlemen in his part of the Hali did
not understand it.
The SPEAKER said, he would state it when
order was restored, but not until order was restored.
The question on the amendment was then taken,
and resulted—yeas 101, nays 80; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, Asli-
mun, iiaker, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Breck, Bru ««
Biooks, Burrows, Cuester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph
Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Canter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Coli-, Corwm, Crowd), Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Dun-
tmtk, DiMtey, Doty. Duikee, Nathan Evar^, Fowler, Ful-
ler, Giddirigs, Goodenow, Gott, Could, GrtnnUI, Hampton
iiarlan, Hay, fitbard, Hoagland, Howe, Hunter, William T*
Xu-k,on Julian, Proton Ki«j,Liffl,r, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Mdlteson, McGaughey, MiKihSoi-k, McLunahan
Meachaii), Mooie, Morris, NH on, Ogle,Old*, Otis, Pea&lee!
Peek, Phcemx, Pitnam, Poiter, Reed, Reynolds, Kiehard>on,
Kisley, Robbins, Rockvv. l!, lioot, Rose, Rumsey, S.tclt-
eu, Sawtelle, S-Jicnck, Scnrrnieihorn, Schoolciali, Silves-
ter, Spaulding, Spragne, Thaddt-us Stevens, Suong, Swtet-
txt'' *l-v'or'> Jainoa TnompMJii, Underbill, Vinton. VValden,
Waldo, vVentworih, White, Whittlesey. Wildnck, Wilson
Wood, and Young—lui.
NAY3—Mewsrs. Al>ton, Ashe, Averett, BayJv, Beale,
Bocock, Bovvdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William O.
Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Duncan,
Dunham, Edmmidson, Evvmg, Featlu rsinn, Gerry, Gorman,
Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, If-ham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haymoud, Herny, Hoiladav,
Holmes, Howard, Hubbarg, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, An-
drew Jonnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, James G. King, John A. King, La Ffere, Lmiefield,
Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Finis
E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, M^ade, More-
head, Morse, Morton, Orr> Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Phtlps,
Powell, Robinson, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd, Richard H.
feta-iton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Van Dyke, Venahle, Wallace, Walking, Wellborn,
Williams, and Woodward—80.
So the amendment was agreed to.
[Mr. MOORE, who had voted, rose before th#
result was announced, and stated that he had
agreed with Mr. McLane, of Maryland, who
would be absent until to-morrow, that he (Mr.
M.) would not vote on any party question.
As this appeared to involve a sectional question,
he asked leave to withdraw his vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONEb. Will it be in order to move a
suspension of the rules to allow the gentleman to"
withdraw his vote? >
^ The SPEAKER. No motion is in order at this
time.
So the vote of Mr. Moore was not withdrawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS, before the result was an-
nounced, rose and stated, that he had paired off
with a gent eman from Massachusetts, but that
he (Mr. W.)had inadvertently voted, and 4he de-
sired leave to withdraw his vote.
Objection was made.]
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania,
and it was agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time.
And the question being, <k Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the previous question.
1 here was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, having been taken, the bill was
passed.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the ta-
bie.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STRONG. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER recognized Mr. S.
Mr. STRONG. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Elections, to which was referred the me-
morial of John S. Lutel, to make a report in the
case of the contested election from the Fourth Con-
gressional district of the State of Pennsylvania. I
move that the report be printed. And I give no-
tice that I shall call it up for consideration on
Monday next.
The repoit, which was accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution, was ordered to be printed, viz:
Resolved, That the honorable John Robbing, Jr., is enti-
tled to the seat which he holds in this. House as the Repre-
sentative from the Fourth Congressional district of Penrb-
sylvaina.
Mr. VAN DYKE said, that the minority of the
Committee on Elections had prepared a report,
which he desired should be ordered to be printed
with the report of the majority.
It was ordered accordingly.
UTAH, TEXAS, CALIFORNIA, &C.
Mr. BR(3\VN, of Indiana, sent to the Cleik's
table a resolution, which, he said, he asked the
unanimous consent of the House to offer; and, at
the same time, he gave notice that, if objection
was made, he should move a suspension of the
rules.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Senate bills No. 170, No. 307, No. 169, and
No. 225, now on the Speaker's table, be taken up and made
the special order of the day for Tuesday, the 20th instant
at one o'clock, and to continue from day to day until dis-
posed of.
The resolution having been read—
Objections were made to its reception.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and I will ask
that the tides of the bills may be .read.
Mr. THOMPSON, oi Mississippi. In what
order does the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Brown] move that the bills be taken up? In the
order in which they came from the Senate ?
