504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Sir* this is an entering-wedge to an agricultural
department, and perhaps various other depart-
ments, of the same family of the Department of.
the Interior, to increase patronage, and spread
money around this Government, that its paralyz-
ing influence may be more ruinously extended. I
cannot consent that this Government shall be-
come a book-concern to the injury of private enter-
prise. I care not whether the book is good or
had, the objection is insurmountable. Doubtless
those who receivethe books, are pleased with them,
and they may contain much information; but
there are thousands of books of greater value,
of which much more favorable representations
could be made, and which have higher claims to
public confidence, because they have been read
and approved, and give out none of the peculiar
opinions of any party. I have always been op-
posed to the system of printing and circulating
books by Congress, without reference to the opin-
ions of the Commissioner of Patents or the party in
power, f trust, sir, that this. resolution will not
be reconsidered.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, rose and said, that he
was in favor of reconsidering the vote rejecting
the resolution from the Committee on Printing.
He thought the reasons advanced by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and from the gentleman from
New York, conclusive in favor of enlarging the
number of copies proposed by that resolution to
be printed. This practice of publishing the Patent
Office report, has not originated in this House, hut
has arisen out of the loud demand made for it by
the people. They want something of a more
practical character than our political speeches;
something which, in its nature, is calculated to
produce benefit to the country, and he was dis-
posed to go for the printing of this report, to the
number of 100,000 copies.
This was a question looking to the farming in-
terest, of the country, and that of all who are en-
gaged in the cultivation of land. This si eat inter-
est, which lies at the foundation of every other
inteiest,has risen up and grown to the highest de-
* gree of importance, and has now come before Con-
gress, and presented its claims for legislative action.
It is not the time, therefore, to cut down appro-
priations looking to this object. While the whole
farming class in his region, and in every other
region of our country, was moving toward the
collection of information on the subject of culti-
vating the soil, it did nor become us to stay our
hands, and pay wc will dimmish the number of
these volumes, and arrest the light which is now
spreading from these reports over the country.
The farming interest has, heretofore, not received
that consideration to which it is entitled at our
hands. The interests of manufactures—the in-
terests of commerce—have all been attended to,
but the far more important interests of the farmer—
the basis on which every other interest rests—has
not been heard here.
He could state from his own knowledge, that of
euch vital importance was the agricultural interest
considered by the Legislature of the State of New
York, that a large appropriation had been made
for the promotion of that interest, provided an
equal sum shall be contributed by private liberality
through the State. The sum of six thousand dol-
lars had been appropriated, to be awarded in the
shape of premiums, for the best specimens of stock,
agricultural products, utensils, &c. A bill was in
progress before the New York Legislature, provi-
ding for the purchase and establishment of an ag-
ricultural school, and this bill embraced a large
appropriation for that object. We have all a deep
interest in this subject. The agricultural interest
calls for a representation on this floor. It is of no
sectional character. In the free States, and in the
southern States, it has an equal and irresistible
claim on our encouragement, involving, as it does,
the farmer of the one region, and the planter of
the other. If we are disposed to encourage this
interest, we ought to give all possible light. Every
Patent Office report we circulate, swells the flood
of light, and the more we circulate these reports,
the more we evince pur re^a^d for this interest.
On these hg would 'cfreefuljy give'his
vote for a x'ecdhsidereuiori 6f!$e vo^reieednif the
, fesoi^tifyuT
>: a wfektftig.'tji'e"'flpijftV
. (A mit a ► A K ir,* 1 1 Ti.
the
large1'
of volumes be required to give one to each of said
libraries, and thereby bring the information con-
tained in this report within reach of every citizen
in that State ?
Mr. KING replied, that there were now twelve
thousand district-schools in the State of New York,
and the apportionment of a single copy to these
schools, would require twelve thousand volumes—
a demand which the number recommended by the
resolution would be entirely inadequate to sup-
ply.
Mr. ft-lcLANE, of Maryland, (Mr. King yield-
ing the floor,) expressed a hope, that the gentle-
man from New York would understand that it was
one of the objects of his motion to reconsider, to
make provision for the proper distribution of these
volumes among these district-libraries. He had
no desire to pi ess any motion, embracing a limita-
tion of the number, but merely looking to the dis-
tiibution. fie hoped, therefore, that m any further
remarks of the gentleman from New York, he
(Mr. McL ) would have the benefit of his aid in
the recommitment of the resolution, so that it may
be amended to insure a supply of the report to
every town-library in the country.
Mr. KING, resuming, said, he certainly would
have no objection to the recommitment of the res-
olution, if the object of such recommitment was
to increase the number proposed to be printed.
Mr. McLANE expressed his willingness to that.
Mr. KING, resuming, stated, that with that
view, he would be willing that the resolution
should be recommitted; and he put it to every
member whether, for the purpose of making the
diffusion of useful light more general, it was not
desirable that a large number of the report should
be printed and distributed?
Mr. SAWTELLE rose to express his entire
concurrence in the remarks which were made by
his honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
when this subject was under discussion at a former
day. He was piepared to give his vote for print-
ing the largest number of copies of this report.
He had not examined the report, but he* under-
stood, that it contained a vast amount of statisti-
cal information, relating to the improvement and
promotion of agricultural scicnce. He was sure,
that there was no document published by the order
of Congress, which was sought for with more
avidity, by a very large portion of the community,
than this repott, which annually emanates fiom
the Commissioner of Patents. If gentlemen would
turn their attention to the last census, they would
find, that four-fifths of our whole people—about
eighty percent.—were engaged in the pursuits of
agriculture, leaving only about twenty per cent,
engaged in mercantile, manufacturing, and other
pursuits. If they would also turn to the Journals
of this House, they would find, that during a long
series of years, annual and liberal appropriations
have readily been made for the. manufacturing and
commercial interests of the country. And with
these facts before us, and when the great agricul-
tural interest claims some liberality at our hands,
shall we reluctantly deal out a small portion of the
public money? Will you distiihute with a sparing
hand to those who lay the very foundation of all
our national wealth and greatness? He would
ask, who it is, that feeds the thronging, swarm-
ing multitude in our large cities with daily bread ?
Who sets in motion the thousands of spindles in
our manufacturing establishments ? Who freights
the barks of commerce, whose sails whiten every
sea upon the habitable globe ? He (Mr. S.) would
answer, that it was the hand of the husbandman,
who, like the leader of Israel, smites the flinty rock,
and the sweet waters gush forth. He feeds the
millions, sets the spindles in motion, and sustains
all our commercial enterprise. He animates, he
moves, he quickens all. i
It had been charged, that the publication of this
report was mere gammon. If it was so, he (Mr. i
S.) was willing to take not only his share of this i
reproach, but also the part which belonged to his j
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown ] He would I
vote for the largest number of this volume which !
might be asked, and his only regret was, that he :
had not the ability to place a copy of it in the
hands of every man within his Congressional dis-
trict, and that, too, without distinction of party.
With this view of the subject, he would most
cheerfully give his vote in favor of the motion for
reconsideration, and he hoped it would receive the
favorable action of the House, for he would then
i vote for the printing of the largest number of the
report.
Mr. WOODWARD said, he had always been
opposed to multiplying copies of the Patent Office
Report—not because it did not contain some valu-
able information, nor because ©f the expense of
the publication, butj>ecause it was not a report, in
the true sense of the word. The document was
principally composed of reflections and observa-
tions, more or less perfect, upon agriculture, geol-
ogy, botany, zoology, and various other things,
with which many gentlemen in this House were
as well acquainted as Mr. Ewbank. They did
not want from him, to publish by order of this
House, a treatise on abstract science or philosophy*
In reference to the statements of the report being
sought for by the people, he said, that any hook—
Ivanhoe, or any other of Scott's novels —would be
in as great demand, and called for from all parts
of the country, if published by Congress, and
sent forth gratis. It was not a book of exact sci-
ence, laying down principles. If such books
were to be published by Congress, they might?
with better judgment, publish Liebig's Agricultu-
ral Chemistry, and standard works of that char-
acter. He thought the Commissioner of Patents
should be required to labor to prepare a report of
things pertaining to his office, and then he (Mr.
W.) would not object to printing any number of
copies the House might see fit to order. Thisre-
! port should be sent to a committee, to determine
what portions of it were reported) and these only
should be printed.
Mr. CASEY. 1 desire to make a few remark®
in answer to the objections that have been urged
against the reconsideration of the vote upon this
resolution. And 1 shall vote for it, with an en-
tirely different object in view, than that entertained
and expressed by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane.] He appears to think that there
is danger of increasing the patronage of members
upon this floor, and that it may be exercised for
improper or unworthy purposes. The gentleman's
objection proceeds upon the ground, that gentle-
men will distribute this document exclusively to
members of their own political party, and that
the other people of the districts, will be debarred
from any participation  n the benefits of this public
expenditure. What has been the common or gen-
eral practice among members upon this subject I
cannot say, but 1 can speak for my own district,
which has been, for the last five year?, represented
by an able gentleman [Hon. James Pollock] who
occupied a seat on this side of the hall, and you
will find in that district, sir, this Patent Office Re-
port in the possession of members of both parties—
Whigs and Democrats alike have enjoyed there
the advantage of it. Copies have been sent, sir, to
those who, it was believed, would make good use
of them, to the improvement of their farms and
stock, and the advancement of the great interests
of agriculture in their vicinity and community.
Another objection urged is, that it cannot be dis-
tributed to all, and therefore concludes, that none
ought to have it. Why, asks the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,} should one man
have the report in preference to another? I an-
swer, there is none m the world, except that it
would be utterly impracticable to publish and dis-
tribute so large a number. But, because every
voter does not receive a copy of this report, it does
not follow that they derive no advantage from it.
So far, sir, from this being the case, the very
opposite is true. Of the information obtained
through this book—any improvement in farming,
in raising stock, in selecting or preparing seeds,
bringing into use improved agricultural imple-
ments, preparing and selecting manure?, or of any
of the endless and important improvements sug-
gested in the different reports from this Patent
Office—the benefit is not confined to the single
farmer himself; but the entire community, coun-
ty, or district, in which he lives, derive advantage.
Beside, sit, fanners are social people, and one of
these books, sent into a neighborhood, instead of
remaining in the house of the person to whom it is
sent, travels round the entire community, and
every man who wishes, can see and read it, and
derive advantage from it.
Nor do I think the argument, that it is not the
legitimate business of Congress to make books for
the people—to undertake public education—has
any more force. I do not think that it would do
any harm to any of our constituents, to have good,
