1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROWN. In the order named in the res-
olution which I have offered.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to read the
titles of the bills in the order in which they were
named in the resolution.
The Clerk proceeded to read the titles 
Mr. MEADE interposed, and expressed his de-
sire to put an inquiry to the Speaker. On Mon-
. day last, (Mr. M.said,) he had moved asuspension
of the rules for the purpose of enabling him to
offer a resolution. The Speaker had decided that
the motion could not be entertained, because an-
other motion to suspend was in the way. How,
therefore, could the present motion to suspend the
rules be entertained?
The SPEAKER. There is no motion to sus-
pend the rules pending.
Mr. MEADE. What has become of the mo-
tion which was in the way of my motion on Mon-
day last?
The SPEAKER. It was disposed of on Mon-
day last.
Mr. ^VVENTWORTH was understood to in-
quire whether the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Brown] provided that the bills
should be taken up in the order in which they
came from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The resolution designates
the order in which it is proposed that the bills
shall be taken up. If gentlemen will come to or-
der, and suspend conversation, the titles of the
bills will be read.
After a pause—
The SPEAKER said, the following is the order
of the bills as designated in the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Brown.] *
The Clerk read the order. It is as follows:
First. The bill to provide a territorial govern-
ment for New Mexico.
Second. The Texas boundary bill.
Third. The bill for the admission of California.
Fourth. The bill to provide a territorial gov-
ernment for Utah.
Mr. MEADE, (to the Speaker.) If the rules
should be suspended, and the lesolution be thus
before the House, will it be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be open
to amendment.
Mi. PRESTON KING, (to the Speaker.) Does
not the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Brown] place the bill for the admission of
California behind, in the order m which it came
from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. In the order in which the
bills he upon the Speaker's table, the bill to pro-
vide for the territorial government of Utah is
first.
Mr. PRESTON KING. Then the resolution
places the bill to provide for the territorial govern-
ment of New Mexico before the biil tor the ad-
mission of California, whereas, in the older m
which they lie on the Speaker's table, the Califor-
nia bill is first.
Mr. McCLERNAND obtained the floor
[There was so great confusion that all the re-
porter could do for some minutes, was to guess at
what was goins; on.]
Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to sug-
gest to the gentleman who had oiFeied the reso-
Jutinn, [Mr. Brown,] that as there were only two
days intervening between this day and Thursday;
and as the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
could not be disposed of within that time, it would
be better to modify the resolution so as to fix to-
morrow instead of Thursday.
The SPEAKER notified the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Brown,] that if he intended to modify
his resolution, he must do so before the question
was taken on the motion to suspend the rules, as
it would not be in the power of the gentleman to
modify it after theiules should have been sus-
pended. ;
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I hope the i
Amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. •
McClernand] will be agreed to, to insert to-mor- j
row instead of Thursday. |
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from In- i
diana [Mr. Brown] modify his amendment? j
Mr. BROWN declined to modify.
Mr. INGE. If the resolution should be adopt- j
ed in the form in which it now stands, it must be I
evident to every member that we cannot dispose i
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill by |
the time specified in the resolution, and thus two 1
1599
Wl11 be thrown away. If the resolution |
Sfiould not be modified, I should prefer that jt '
should not be adopted; and I desire to put this i
question to the Chair: if the resolution should not !
be adopted, will it not be competent at any time, i
except on Mondays, for the House, by a vot^of '
a majority, to proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's tableand to take up these I
bills? H |
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly i
given its construction of the rule relating to the |
Ousinesson theSpeaker's table. On any day except i
Mondays, when the committees shall have been j
called for reports for one hour, it will be m order |
pending the consideration of a question, to move
that the House proceed to the consideration of [
business on the Speaker's table, and the House, i
by the vote of a majority, can proceed to that order t
of business. i
Apauseof several minutes followed, the Speaker '
refusing to hear any motion, or put any question
until members had resumed their seats and sus-
pended conversation.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. At the suggestion
of several gentlemen around me, i will modify my
resolution so as to insert to-morrow instead of
Thursday.
So the resolution was modified.
Mr. WENT WORTH, (to the Speaker.) Does
the gentleman modify his resoluuon as to tile order
in which the bills shall be taken up?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Brown] makes any other modification.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked Mr. Brown to ac-
cept this modification.
Mr. BROWN declined to accept.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative, yeas 87, nays 98; as follow:
yeas—m(.=srs. Aibertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bay, Bayl>, iit-aie, liuvvlm, Bo}d, brtck, lirwok>, William
j. Blown, e. c. Cabell, George a. Caldwell, joseph i'.
Caldwell, Ciiiigni.iii, W. It. vv. cobb, Darnel, Deberry, Dnn-
mick, disney, dunham, EdinuniUon, e.vjiig, Ptaineibion,
fuller, Uentiv, Ceiry, Goinian, Gruweil, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haral on, llailan, ish.un g. ilairis, sampson w.
iiarn , Thomas 1«. llairia, iiaymond, Huagland, Jnye, Jo-
fcepli w. Jackaun, Andrew Jolin>on, jame* l. Jijijd&oii,
Robert w. Johnson, Juntt, Kerr, La seie, Leifier, Levm,
Liltlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, -
McDonald, McDawtdl, McUanghey, iMcLanaliau, funs k. j
McLean, McMullen, Meade, Muiehend, More>e, Morton, !
on, Outlaw, Owen, Farker, Powell, ltohmn&} Robinson, i
Rose, Savage, diu pperd,Stanly, Richard 11. rftdnion, Strong, j
Thomas, Jacuh thompson, Jaine* Thompson, John b. j
thompson, Toombs, Vuiablt, Watkins, Wellborn, wil- j
duck, and Toung—b7. j
NAi'sj—Mus.ib. Alexandei, Ashfi, Averett, Baker, Ben- j
nett, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, Brigg , Albert g. Btown, t
Buriows, Burl, cluster Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Camp- i
bell, Caiiiui, Ca&ey, Chandler, Claike, ColeocK, t-oje, <Joi- {
win, Crowuli, l)u-ke>, Duty, Duncan, Dmk.e, italian '
Evans, Fnui, Fowler, guiding, Goodenovv, Gott, Gould, j
llalloway, Hampton, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Hollada), !
Holme.-, Howard, Howe, Huntct, VVilham T. jackson, Ju- j
linn, George g. king, Jann s> g. King, John a. King, Fieaton
King, Horace Mann, Maite ou, MeKissuck, mcqaeen,
JYlcVVlllle, Mooie, Moms, AelMin, Ugle, Oid>, Oil-, tVa^-
lee, 1-Vck, I'iicenix, Pitman, Potu-r, Ketd, Key no ds, RkIi-
aid&on, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Savvieile, j
JSchencK, t-jCheinierhorn, Schoolcraft, aeddoii, Csilvestei, I
Spaulotiig, Spiague, ThaddtUs fckevens?, fcwteuer, Taylor, i
Undeihill, Van Dyke, Vinton, VValden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wentwonh, White, Whittlesey, Wilson, Wood,and Wood-
ward—y§.
So the rules were not suspended and the resolu-
tion was not received.
Mr. ASHMUN asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution, which was read for information :
Resolved, That the bills to establish the territorial govern-
meat in Utah, to adjust the Texas boundary, to admit the
State of California, and to establish a terutonal govern-
ment m New Mexico. be made the special order ol' toe
day lor to-inonow, and to continue the special older until
they are deposed ol, m theurdei in which they stand upon
the Speaker's table.
Objection being made—
Mr. ASHMUN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN, at the suggestion, he said, of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] modified
his resolution so as to provide for its taking effect
immediately after the passage of the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) Suppose that bill
does not pass at all ?
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to in-
quire, in case the resolution were adopted, if the
bills named would continue the special order until
disposed of?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution is adopted,
the House must proceed with these bills until they
are disposed of.
Mr. PRESFON KING. With each one of
them until they are disposed of?
TheSPEAKER. Yes; unless the House shall
at a subsequent time rescind the order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired if in
making special orders, it was not nec&esary to fix
a day certain, and not an indefinite time—such aa
when the House should have acted upon another
piece of business? And again, he would inquire
if this was not an indirect mode of making the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill a special
order?
.The SPEAKER replied that the effect of this
resolution wuuld'not be to make the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill a special order, but it
, would be to make the bills named the special order
immediately alter the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill should have passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, will the
Speaker tell me at what time ihat will be? Sup-
pose 1 move to make another bill the special order
for a ceitam day and the House agree to it, the
appropriation bill and those other bills may not
have been disposed of, will not this produce a state
of things altogether irregular and not contemplated
by the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER replied that the resolution could
only be received under a suspension of the rules,
and it could in this way be received and adopted,
though it produced such a result as the gentleman
referred to.
Mr. EWING asked how it was possible—the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill not being
before the House, but in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union—for the House to say
they would not act upon certain bills Qntil that bill
(which was not before them) was disposed of?
The SPEAKER said, the resolution would have
no effect, in any respect whatever, until after the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was dis-
posed of.
Mr. ASHMUN. There is so much question
as to the time when this resolution takes effect. 1
prefer to adhere to it in its original form.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the motion to suspend the rules to receive the ori-
ginal resolution.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired, in case the resolution
were adopted, if it would not preclude the refei-
ence of these bills to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
order will riot preclude their reference.
Mr. PARKER wished to make an inquiry. The
first bill relerred to in this resolution was the Utah
bill, which he understood contained an appropria-
tion; would it not be necessary, therefore,to lefer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state in reply
to the gentleman from Virginia, that the Utah bill
is the hrst on the Speaker's (able, and will be the
first special order of the day under this resolution,
if n shall be adopted. But the Utah bill, contain-
ing an appropriation, cannot be considered in the
Hou.se, but must be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. After it
shall have been referred, it will be the first busi-
ness and a special older, provided the House go
into Committee of the Whole un the state of the
Union; but if the House lefuse to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
other bills, being in the House, will be the first
business; and the Utah bill, being in committee,
will lose priority. In other words, it is at the con-
trol of the majority.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, if I un-
derstand aright, the California bill is next?
The SPEAKER. No. The Texas boundary
bill is next.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If this or-
der pass, will it supersede the appropriation bill,
which is now before the House?
The SPEAKER. It will supersede all other
business.
Mr. HUNTER asked to have the resolution
read again.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. PRESTON KING desired to know whether
