THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS. SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1850.
New Series -No. 101.
of the State. He saw no reason for the change
of the existing- law upon this subject, and why
there should be a publication of the laws in three
papers in this city, and in but one paper in each
of the States. He proposed, therefore, to make the
regulation juntas it had been, to let the law remain
unchanged. He believed that the Secretary of
State, under the existing law, had already appointed
a printer of the laws in the several States. He
knew this to be the case in his own State, and he
presumed it to be in many, or most of the other
States. Some of the public printers of the States
■did not print papers at ail, He saw no reason
whatever for it, and he hoped, in a general appro-
priation bill like this, they would not make a radi-
cal change of the system.
Mr. CARTTER said he understood the gentle-
man from Kentucky to say he saw no reason for
the change. He would inquire of the gentleman
whether it did not distribute the printing accord-
ing to the politics of the several States, as the pub-
he printer was generally of the same politics with
the dominant party in the State?
Mr. MOREHEAD replied, that there was no
doubt but the gentleman's suggestion was correct.
But he assured the gentleman and the House that
this consideration had had no influence whatever
upon his action—none at all. The little pittance
of profit given to a newspaper upon printing,
amounting to $150 or $200, could not be considera-
tion enough to influence anybody. While his
Democratic friends, however, were in power in the
General Government, no effort whatever was made
to give this printing to. the printers of the States;
and why, now that, after a long series of years,
the general administration was in the hands of the
Whig party, should they be stript of the power
over this sfnall subject of printing, and the rule
which had existed during Democratic administra-
tions be changed ?
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to explain the reason.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, made the point
of order that a second gentleman could not address
the committee at all (under the new rule) unless he
•avowed himself against the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I am against it.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair understands
the gentleman from Virginia to rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will proceed.
Mr. BAYLY proceeded to state the reasons
which had influenced the Committee of Ways
and Means in making this change. He desired to
say in the outset that the reasons which the gentle-
• man from Ohio and the gentleman from Kentucky
<had supposed influenced them, had had no weight
whatever. Two changes were proposed: one was
to confine the publication of the kiws to one news-
paper in each State. They thought this was quite
enough, as it was made a mere matter of patron-
age. He had had some experience relative to this
matter. He had known a good many instances
of applications for these official publications; and
the reason generally given was not that the news-
paper would give the widest publication, but, on
the contrary, that it was not doing very well and
wanted a little help. The committee thought one
newspaper was enough.
The reason which had influenced the committee
to propose the other change, viz., that the papers
having the State printing should be selected to
publish the United States laws was, that persons
desiring to get the laws in a newspaper would
naturally look to the paper which did the State
printing. It would thus be a matter of great con-
venience to the people to have the same paper pub-
lish the two sets of laws. As to the provision for
the publication by three newspapers at Washing-
ton, they reported it because there were three lead-
ing political newspapers here 
Cries of "What are they " There are five."
Mr. B, named the Intelligencer, Union, and Re-
public; and said he was not paiticular at all; if the
committee chose to stcike out " three'' and insert
" two" he had no objection.
101
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the clause proposed to be stricken out by stri-
king out all after the word " newspaper," and
to insert " having the largest circulation in the
State or Territory."
He desired simply to say, in reference to the
amendment he proposed, that it was the precise
rule adopted at the Post Office Department in re-
lation to the publication of dead letters in all the
offices throughout the United States—giving the
publication to the paper having the largest circu-
lation. The fact as to the relative circulation !
would be easily determined, in the same way in i
which the post offices were enabled to determine it. j
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, hoped the amend-
ment would not be adopted. No law had given
the postmasters and the department so great
trouble as this very law. Continual quarrels
were going on among the newspapers in regard to
their respective circulations. That controversy,
if the amendment were adopted, would be trans-
ferred to the Secretary of State; and he would be
oblieed to receive evidence to determine which pa-
per had the largest circulation.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the word "largest"
and inserting " the most extensive."
He said the circulation of a paper might be
numerically the largest, but if compared to a par-
ticular locality it was not so valuable for the pub-
lication of the laws as a paper having a more gen-
eral circulation. The State papers went into every
county in their respective States, being furnished
by law to the county clerks, and thus being ac-
cessible to every citizen. For this reason they
were the proper papers to be selected for the pub-
lication of the United States laws.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Some conversation followed between Mi\Meade
and the Chair, on a point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired of the
Chair whether it would be in order to move an
amendment providingfor the publication of the
laws in two newspapers in thex city of Washing-
ton, instead of three.
The CHAIR said that amendment would be in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON submitled it.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas, said, the object
he desired to effect by the amendment was to di-
vide the public printing between two of the papers
of the two leading parties. A great many gen-
tlemen held that there were two ereat parties in
this country—Democratic, and Whig-. Now, in
the present stage of our affairs, he would not assert
that they were the only or even the leading parties.
But he would say that the Whig party appeared
to have two organs. Let the Administration choose
between its organs. We poor, benighted Demo-
crats would like to know which is the organ. Such
knowledge would not be amiss, he would suggest,
most respectfully, on the other side of the House.
Whilst there is a confusion, or conflict of organs,
the votes of those who would take step to time,
must be confounded. It is possible, too, that at
some time in future, some additional Democratic
organ may be attempted to be set up, and then ad-
ditional appropriation is to be made for it. Juslice
will require, at once, if theTreasury is to be saddled
with two Whig papers, it should also support two
Democratic papers. As to mere expediency and
the pablicgood, two papcrsatthis point are amply
sufficient, with one paper in each Slate. Let the
Administration make its own selection for its own
paper.
If any gentleman will move to amend and insert
five; he would support that. It ought to be two
or it ought to be all. The Southern Press is the
organ of the people of the South; the National Era
is the organ of the Pree-Soilers. It is idle, by
legislative forms and acts, to deny the existence of
this Free-Soil party. It hasiSts being in this
House, and it is the strongest party in this House
at this time. Gentlemen of the South should not
conceal it from themselves, but should not only
recognize the fact, but should proclaim it to their
Constituents Let the people of the South know
the truth. That party is hostile to them, and con-
trols this Government, and they should know it.
The National Era, he had also heard- it'asserted,
had the largest patronage and circulation.of. any.
journal published here. It was a most significant
fact, if true. Why deny the existence of such a.
party? If the Government is to stipportmore than-
two papers, let it support the five. If there be
only two parties, let there be two only saddled on
the Treasury.
Mr. TOOMBS very briefly opposed the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson ] The object of the committee, (Mr. T.
said) had been to destroy the publication of the
laws as a mere matter of patronage, and to have
the publication so made as to benefit the body of
the people. In the propriety of that object he
fully concurred. He did not wish that patronage
of this sort should be dispensed one way or the
other. The great end to be attained was the pub-
lic benefit. _ ,
.Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, modified his
amendment so as to provide that the t\*£o papers
should be of opposite political parties.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Johnson, by striking out "two"
newspapers and inserting " four."
Mr. G. briefly urged his amendment on the
ground that a knowledge of the laws should be
given to all parties. The publication of them in
the " National Era" would carry them to as great
a number of people, or nearly so, as their publica-
tion in all the other city newspapers together.
The circulation of that paper was seventeen thou-
sand. He had no idea that the publication should
be confined exclusively to papers of limited circu-
lation like the " Intelligencer" and the "Union."
It was throwing away the public funds. He was
willing to extend the publication to the " Southern
Press" and the " National Era.'-' The object was,
to diffuse a knowledge of these laws among the
people, and the publication should be given to
those papers which had the most extensive circu-
lation. And he would further move to amend by
adding the words " of the largest circulation.".
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does the pro-
posed amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] include four or five newspapers?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Four instead of three.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to the Chair.) Is the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] -
in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. GIDDINGS then again modified his amend-
ment, so as simply to add the words "of the
largest circulation," (and not altering the num-
ber)
The amendment, as modified, was rejected.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas—
Tellers (Messrs. Corwin, and Meade,) were
appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood
ayes 60, noes 73.
So the amendment wsa rejected.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Stanton,of Kentucky.
And it was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Morehead—
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting the following:
"In each Coneressimml district in the United States, and
in each 'iYrritoiy, and 111 thiee newspapets in the cay of
Washington.55 <
Mr. S. contended, that apart from the right' of
the people to have a knowledge of the laws by
which they were to be governed, the expenditure
of the money (even at the largest amount at which
it was estimated) was not a measure of bad econ-
omy. In the State of Ohio, the policy had been
adopted of publishing the laws in two newspapers
in each county. The object of the publication of
the laws of the "United States was to let the ^°P*e
in each particular division of the United. States
know "what their Representative those assq-
