1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 19,
cilted wilh him had been about, and the results at
which they had arrived. Without refereneeto
party considerations, or to the Administration
which might be in- power, he was in favor of
spreading the laws broadcasr'over the land. The
expense which might be incurred in effecting that
object bore no proportion to the good that would
be accomplished. It was, moreover, a matter of
right that the people should know what had been
done here.
Mr. BAYLY said, that the object of the publi-
cation of the laws in the newspapers seemed to
have been misunderstood. The object was not to
give them a general circulation. That was pro-
vided for in the very next clause of the bill, where
provision was made for sending pamphlet copies
of the laws to every county in every State of the
Union.. The reason of the newspaper publication
was, that before the pamphlet copy was obtained,
there might be persons concerned in particular
laws who wanted to see them. " And there was a
very small class of persons interested. He did not
suppose it necessary to say anything more.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Schenck was rejected.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved to amend the
amendment by inserting three papers.
Mr. B.said he had no remarks to make.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
BROWN and Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.)
Mr. MOREHEAD desired to suggest that this
was a copy of the clause of the appropriation bill
of the last Congiess. The law fixed two papers in
each State, and this provision of the bill merely
proposed to carty the exi.Hmg law into effect.
v Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. That being the
fact, I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot, un-
der the rule, withdraw his amendment except by
the unanimous consent of the committee.
Objection was madet
So the amendment was not withdrawn.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Brown was rejected.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Mouehead.
And, by ayes 69, noes 59, it was agreed to.
The following hem having been read—
" For newspaper* two hundred dollurs''—
Mr. CARTTER moved to reduce this appro-
priation to fifty dollars.
He said he did not understand why the Secre-
tary of State required so many newspapers. He
certainly could not read them all and attend to
the duties of his office. Besides, he did not see
any specification of the kind of newspapers the
Secretary was to receive. If it was the duty of
the House to supply hinr with this ephemeral
trash, he would like to have a hand in directing
what kind of reading he should be supplied with.
If they had got to supply him with two hundred
dollars' worth of newspapers, he thought they
ouaht at least to exercise some guardianship
over the matter. But the appropriation was
enoimous. There was no necessity for so large a
sum. He perceived that there were numerous
items styled miscellaneous, and among them tins
item for newspapers was the only one in which
the ohjec.t was specifically designated. He would
like to know why these appropriations were made.
They would amount in the aggregate, he believed,
to about twenty thousand dollars, a very large sum
it seemed to him, to be appropriated for no specific
purpose. He saw no reason whatever why this .
sum of $200 should be thrown away annually for
newspapers. A little way further on in the bill
would be found an item for miscellaneous expend-
itures of $1,000.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine himself to the amendment. '
Mr. CARTTER (continuing) said, it occurred
to him that fifty dollars would be ample to be ex-
pended for newspapers for the Secretary of State's
office. It would furnish him as good reading as
the newspaper press could afford, and as great a
quantity as he could possibly require.
Mr. ASHMUN (availing himself of the rule
which permits a five minutes'speech in opposition
to the proposed amendment,) said, he desired
merely to suggest, for the information of gentle-
men who were not informed on the subject, that
he supposed this item was put in to enable the
Secretary of State to have at his command the
leading papers of foreign countries—that he mi ht
be put in possession of necessary information
which he could not obtain except by incurring this
outlay; for .gentlemen were doubtless aware that a
single newspaper, British or Continental, in many
cases cost thirty and thirty-five dollars a year.
Mr. CARTTER said, he would modify his
amendment, under the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, by adding the words,
" And that the appropriation be for foreign news-
papers."
Mr. ASHMUN said, he wished to observe, in
addition, that he was informed, and believed that it
was the constant practice of the State Department
to send to our ministers abroad some of the news-
papers published in this country. This item of
appropriation, he supposed, was partly intended
for this purpose.
The question jvas taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
The Clerk read the next item.
Department of State.
" For miscellaneous items, $1,000."
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out $1,000, and
insert $500.
This sum of §1,000 he thought was rather a
large one to be appropriated under the head of
miscellany. Ft might he ail necessary and proper,
but he would like to have some little information
regarding the objects to which the money was to
be applied. Perhaps some gentleman would be
able to inform him what this miscellany meant.
He supposed it meant everything in general, and
nothing in particular. But what he desired to know
was, whether this money was required for any
purpose incident to the duties of the office, or at
all serviceable to the public, or whether it related
to other matters—matters foreign to the public ser-
vice. If it were for the purchase of wines and cigars
and oysters, and other creature comforts and su-
perfluities of that description, he was altogether
opposed to it; but if it could be shown to relate
legitimately to the discharge of the duties of the
department, he would be ^lad to see the appropri-
ation rightly named. Most of those things that
-were necessary to the discharge of official duties,
ns well as those things necessary to human exist-
ence, had names by which they could be known.
He objected to the title given to this appropriation;
it ought to have a>new caption; miscellany did not
mean anything. He repeated that he was ready to
vote for the largest amount that might be necessary
for the business of the department, but he was
strongly of the opinion that tltere was nothing ne-
cessary that had not a name.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
" State Department—for miscellaneous items, $1,100."
Mr. CARTTER moved to reduce the sum to
five hundred. He would like to be informed by
some friend of the Administration what this was-
for. He wanted to know what was to be done
with the money.
A little further on in the bill it would be per-
ceived there was another of these miscellanies;
indeed the bill was full of them. The only differ-
ence between thn miscellany and the one he had
a little while ago moved to reduce, was that this
one was one hundred dollars larger than the other.
This miscellany it seemed cost one hundred
dollars more than the other. He would like
veiy much to know the relative qualities of
these miscellanies. This appeared to be a bet-
ter miscellany than the other by one hundred
dollars' worth. Perhaps some gentleman who
represented this miscellaneous Administration
could inform him of the exact quality of these
miscellanies.
The question was taken on the motion to amend,
and it was negatived.
The Clerk read the next item, viz:
"For compensation of Second Auditor,and the Clerk?,
Messenger, an tf Assistant IVlessenger, in his office $51,057."
Mr. BAYLY moved to strikeout $51,057 and
insert $38,850.
The Second Auditor, he remarked, had ascer-
tained that he was able to dispense with a large
portion of the force in his office, and it was at his
instance that this motion was made.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.*
The next clause was read, as follows:
In' the office of the Secretary of the Treasury.
" For copying, labor, blank books, stationery, sealing slips,
registers, translating foreign languages, printing, advertising,
printing the public accounts, carrying the department mails,,
extra clerk hire, for preparing and collecting information to
be laid before Congress, fifteen thousand two hundred dol-
lars „ *
"For miscellaneous expenses, two thousand eight hun-
dred dollars."
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out the $2,800
for miscellaneous expenses. This was another of
those miscellaneous sections, at least if it was not
he was incapable of judging. And here was also-
$15,200 appropriated for copying, labor, blank
books, stationery, for sealing slips, registers, &c.,
in fact for miscellaneous purposes. He' thought
the #2,800 could very well be dispensed with. .His
chief reason for making this motion was to calE
the attention of gentlemen to it, in order that he
might hear some explanation of the whole of these
miscellaneous expenses, so that he might be able
to vote understandmgly. Here were two appro-^
priations for miscellaneous expenses. The appro-
priation of $15,200 was described on its face as
being for uncertain and miscellaneous purposes,
and notwithstanding that appropriation of $15,200-
for uncertain and miscellaneous purposes, there
was another appropriation right below it for mis-
cellaneous purposes totally independent of and in
addition to the other. He desired to be informed- .
what other miscellanies there could be after the appli-
cation of the $15,200 in connection with that ofBee.
The question was taken on the motion to strike-
out, and it was decided in the negative.#
The Clerk read the next clause:
" In the office of the Fuiirtli Auditor. For miscellaneous-
items, §200."
Mr. McMULLEN moved to strike out $200.
He made this motion, he said, for the purpose
of obtaining information, and not for the purpose
of voting,against the appropriation. He would
not undertake to say that the appropriation was
unnecessary, but his colleague, the chairman of
the , Committee of Ways and Means, had not
given them any specific information in relation to
these items, and he would really be at a lo^s what
account to give of these appropriations if called
upon by his constituents to do so. He did not
know for what purpose these large sums of money
were appropriated, nor to what objects they were
to be applied. He was ready to vote fur the ut-
most dollar that was requisite for the expenses of
the department, but he wished to know explicitly
what the money was for. He would be glad to
be informed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton.]
Mr. BAYLY said it was impossible to specify
the precise objects for which this money was to
be expended. There were a hundred things that
might require a portion of the money. It was
necessary to repair all damages that might happen.
If the locks of doors were broken off they must
be replaced; if a part of the carpet should be
destroyed, it wouM have to be lepaiied. He
could tell what were the specific objects to which
the miscellaneous appropriations' of last year
were applied, but he could not tell to what spe-
cific purposes it would be necessary to apply those
of this year. They were styled miscellaneous
expenses, for the reason that it could not possibly
be known what particular purposes they were to
be applied to.
Mr. STANLY inquired if these miscellaneous
appropriations had not been uniformly made in all
the appropriation bills from time immemorial ?
Mr. BAYLY. The same items are invdiiably
contained in every civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill that Congress has ever passed.
Mr. STANLY. Exactly.
Mr. VINTON said, he would merely remark,
for the information of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullen,] that there was a leport pub-
lished at every session of Congress, setting forth
all the items tor which money appropriated under
the head of miscellaneous expenses had been ex-
pended. And if the gentleman from Virginia
would refer to these reports, he would find what
was the nature of these appropriations for miscel-
laneous purposes. If an old broom was worn out
and a new one purchased, the item was set down
in the report. If a chair had been mended the
expense would be found stated in the report. '
The question was taken on the amendment and
it was negatived.
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
Bayly and Mr. Vmton, relative to a transfer of
some of the items, so as to change the position in
which they were placed.
