1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
Mr. WHITE moved to amen-; the bill after line
two hundred and fifty, making: appropriation for
the Pension Office, by inserting the following:
For office rent, clprk hirp, fuel, and litrhts for the pen-
sion usent at Albany, New York, two per centum on the
amount disbursed by the said agent."
Mr. JONES asked the Chair if this amendment
was in order ?
Mr. W ALDO asked if the existing1 law did not
allow the pension agents a per centageof two per
centum ?
The CHA.IR said, he was not aware of the ex-
istence of any law authorizing this pension agent
at Albany, or that there was such a pension agent
performing the duties.
Mr. WHITE replied, that there was a law
authorizing the employment of this pension agent.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
in order.
Mr. WHITE explained, that the business of
th's pension agency in Albany, previous to the
passage of the. sub-treasury law, was performed
by the Mechanics' Bank at Albany. Under the
sub-treasury law the business was transferred from
this bank into the hands of a pension a^ent. In con-
sequence of the benefit received by the bank from
the deposit of the public money in that institution,
it considered itself as sufficiently reimbursed for
the trouble of performing the duties of this agen-
cy. . But when the Secretary of the Treasury re-
moved the funds and transferred the duties of this
agency from the bank, the agent who had been
employed complained that the compensation he re-
ceived was entirely inadequate, amounting to not
more than $1,000. He had received a letter from
the pension agent on the subject, but he had not it
in his desk.
* Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired if the law
did not aliow pension agents a per centage on the
moneys disbursed by them?
Mr. WHITE replied, that it did not provide a
compensation which was adequate. The expenses
incuired by this agent for the rent of his office, for
fuel, and other necessary contingencies, amounted
to §4,000 per annum. And the agent stated that
he could not, without additional compensation,
continue to hold the office.
Mr. EWING propounded some question, not
heard, as to the amount of the allowance by law
to pension ng-ents.
Mr. WHITE repeated, that the actual expenses
of the office were *$4,000. He could not make any
use of the money'in his hands.
Mr. WALDO rose in opposition to the amend-
ment. The gentleman from New York would find,
fry reference to the laws, that all these pension agents
are entitled to receive two percent, on all the sums
paid out by th%m. And he believed that there was,
besides this, an allowance for incidental expenses.
He thought the gentleman from New York would
find that this was the fact. A proposition had
been submitted to the Committee on Pensions, to
increase the compensation of certain pension
agents, who had complained that they could not
afford to execute the duties of their agencies, be-
cause the amountof the percentage did not enable
them to pay the necessary expenses to which they
were subjected. They had, therefore, petitioned
for an increase of their compensation, which, in
cases where the annual aggregate amount paid out
did not exceed $10,000, was regarded as insuffi-
cient to cover the expenditure. Where the aggre-
gate of disbursements exceeded $10,000, the com-
pensation was found to be sufficient. This agency
at Albany being an important one, the per centage
and the additional allowance for incidental expen-
ses, ought to he sufficient.
Mr. WHITE repeated, that the pension agent
at Albany had stated that the expenses of the
office amounted to $,4,000.
Mr. WALDO resumed. It seemed to him that
the two per cent, allowed ought to yield a sufficient
compensation in this case. The Committee on Pen-
sions had agreed on a bill for the relief of certain
pension agents; but he had not the report of the
committee at hand.
Mr. JONES said he had the law before him,
which he would send to the Clerk's table to be
read for the information of the committee. It was
the law regulating these pension agencies.
Mr. J. then sent the law to be read by the Clerk*
It provides that a percentage of two per centum,
shall be allowed to pension agents on the sums
paid out by them, which is to be considered as
a compensation in full for the discharge of the
duties of the agency, and that'the total amount of
such compensation shall jn no case exceed $1,000.
The Question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The next item was read, as follows:
" For compensation of Commissioner of Pensions, and
the clerks and messengers in his office $34,034."
Mr BAYLY, said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to amend
this item by striking out $34,034, and to insert
§34 700.
Mr. B.. was going to remark that the object of
the amendment was to restore the salary of the
Commissioner of Pensions, and his messenger.
Mr. HALL suggested that this amendment
was out of order, on the ground that it was not
competent, in an appropriation bill, to raise the
salaries of officers.
Mr. BAYLY said he desired to state to the
committee what was the fact. The salary of a mes-
senger .was not usually fixed by law. He gets
what is deefoed a proper remuneration for his
labor. Some years ago, there was a Committee of
Retrenchment ra>sed for.the purpose of cutting
down the public expenditures. That committee
had reduced the pay of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions §500. and had cut down the compensation
of the chief messenger in the pension office from
$70(^ to $580. The committee failed altogether in
effecting any reduction in the pay of the other mes-
sengers; and did not proceed in cutting down any
of the salaries of the heads of departments or other
officers. Noonewas touched but Col. Ed wards and
his messenger. Now this messenger had asked
to have the $200, which was thus cut off from his
pay, restored to him, that he may be put on an
equality with the other messengers. He presumed
there would be no objection to the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr VINTON moved to amend the bill in line
255, where it reads: "For library, maps, &c.,
five hundred dollars,"by inserting before the word
" five" the words " five thousand," so as to make
it read " five thousand fi^e hundred dollars."
He slated, that in the estimates originally sent, to
Congress from the Department of the Interior,
when the deficiency bill was under tfre considera-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, early
in the session, theie was an item of u five thousand
dollars" for a library for that department. The
Committee of Ways and Means, thinking it by
no means an improbable contingency that the new
deportment might be abolished, struck out this es-
timate of $5,000, and substituted m lieu of it $500.
He also adverted to an item in the general esti-
 mates of $1,000 for a library for the Patent Office.
He stated that it was very important that the de-
partment should be provided with a good library.
There were questions of law frequently to be set-
tled there, which rendered it necessary that the
department should be provided with all the statutes,
and the reports of the decisions of the courts.
Then there were numerous questions in relation to
mines, and other pioperty in the new Territories,
which have been recently acquired, rendering it
necessary that all the old Spanish laws should be
within reach. The Patent Office, too, was put
under the control of this department, and that of-
fice required to have access to all the records and
laws of patents. In that bureau there should be a
library, as it was important to know what inven-
tions had been discovered and patented in other
countries. It was impossible that the department
could have anything like a useful library without i
$5,000 to begin with, and an annual appropriation '
afterwards of from $1,000 to $.2,000. The amend-
ment which he had now proposed was simply to
insert in this bill the item of appropriation which,
' according to the estimates received from the de-
> partment, ought to have been passed in the defi-
I ciency bill at an early period of the session. He
I hoped it would now be agreed to.
! The question was then about to be taken, when
tellers were demanded. The Chair requested Mr.
i Casey and Mr. Ewing to act as tellers. The
j question was then taken, and the tellers reported—
I ayes 68, noes 62. *
; So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MATTESON moved to strike out from
the clause (t &c.," and insert " and " after library.
The question was taken and the amendment was
lost.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Fowler and Hall acting as such,) and decided
in the negative.—ayes 50, noes 62.
The Clerk read the following item, viz:
"For compensation of the clerks and messenger in the
Bureau oi Provisions and Clothing, $^301)."
Mr. WALDO moved to increase the appropria-
tion to $6,350, so as to increase the salary of the
messenger $50.
Mr. W. remarked, that he understood this of-
ficer had to discharge the duty of keeping^ an en-
tire set of books. It was requisite that he should
be a practical book-keeper, and he thought that
the amount of his salary ought to be increased.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, he be-
lieved the salary, in this case, was fixed by law.
He raised the question, therefore, whether the
motion was in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Can the gentleman from
Mississippi inform the Chair whether the amount
of this salary, in this ease, is fixed by law?
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not think, sir, there
is a clerk in that department whose salary is not
fixed by law. As to this particularclerk, I cannot
say. I only judge from the general principle.
Mr. WALDO said, he did not himself know
whether the salary was fixed by law or not; he
was inclined to believe that it was.
He moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
rose.
Mr. MATTESON asked leave of the House to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Hou?e bill, No. —, being a bill for the
reduction of postage and to abolish the franking privilege,
be made a special ordu* for the 4th Monday of August, in-
stant, at seven o'clock p. m., and continue fiom d.iy to day
at the same hour until the same shall be finally disposed of.
He said the resolution was not intended at all to
interfere with other business.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said debate was
not in order, and that the resolution could only be
received by unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. MATTESON moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution, and on
this motion he asked the yeas and nays; arid,
Pending the question, on motion, the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The-following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. PHCENIX: A petition of citizens of New York,
in favoi ot providing greater security for passengers on
board «teain.T-> mid oilier ve^.-els.
By Mr. HRIGGS • The petition of J? Spooner and others,
of Brooklyn. New York, asking Congress to provide, by law,
bf'ttet security to thehves ofourcitfzenson board of steam-
boat* navigating the wateis of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jiugust 19,1850.
Mr. DAY1S, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial signed by a vast number of persons of
Clinton, in the State of Massachusetts, asking that
specific duties may be substituted for ad valorem,
and expressing the belief that they can have no
permanent prosperity while our markets are open
to the surplus products of other countries, under
ad valorem duties, that diminish in amount m pro-
portion as prices are depressed; which was referred
to the Committee on Manufoctuies.
Also, from citizens of Boyieston, in the same
State, and for the like effect.
Also,from fatmers, mechanics, merchants, man-
ufaetuiers and others, citizens of Southbridge,
Worcester'county, Massachusetts, stating that the
system of levying duties upon imports which allows
a foreign valuation, subjects American labor and
products to unfair competition; which were sever-
ally referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of
physicians and others, citizens of Philadelphia, in
the State of Pennsylvania, asking that the medical
rank of surgeons of the navy may be assimilated
to that of the medical officers of the army; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Emily C.
B. Thompson, widow of Captain Thompson, late
of the United States navy, asking an increase of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
