1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
could be no possible objection to the introduction
of these papers, ami their reference to the Com-
mittee on the Territories. The constitution of
California was already before the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having been
transmitted with the special message of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. BOYD hoped the papers might be intro-
duced, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWOTH moved a reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BURT suggested that these proceedings
%were irregular and out of order. If it was the in-
tention of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd] simply to make the motion winch he had
indicated, and if it was not the purpose of any
other member to make any other motion, he (Mr.
B.) would make no objection; but if it was
sought to make any reference whatsoever of the
papers which the gentleman desired to introduce,
he (Mr. B.) should certainly object. It would be
time enough when California was admitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then put the
question to the House, in order that it may be un-
derstood, whether the House will give its unani-
mous consent that the papers shall be leceived,
laid upon the tabic, and printed. If unanimous
consent is given, the disposition suggested hy the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] will be
made.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I shall objcct unless
the papers go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Objection then is made.
Mr. BOYD inquired whether the objection was
now in order ? Tne Representatives from Califor-
nia (he said) were present, and asked pressmgly,
under a sense of duty to those whom they repre-
sented, that she might be admitted as a State into
the Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH said lie would not ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. TheChair understands, then,
that there is no objection.
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to sug-
gest, that the first question to be decided, was upon
the introduction of the papers. It would then be
for the House to dispose of them in such manner as
it might think proper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, tor the
information of the House, that as these papers were
introduced by unanimous consent, the direction to
be given to them must be fixed before their intro-
duction; and the consent is given by the House,
with the understanding, that a certain disposition
of them should be made; otherwise gentlemen
mi"ht rise and object to the reception. The Chair
males this statement, because the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] had stated, that unless
this paper should be simply received, and dis-
posed of, in the manner suggested be the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, he [Mr. Bdrt] should
obiect to their introduction.
Mr. PRESTON KING hoped the papers would
be received by the House. ...
Mr ALSTON said, he understood that the con-
stitution of California was already before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Such being the case, it would be time enough to
listen to the memorial of the delegates, after the
admission of California into the Union was de-
cided upon. He saw no necessity for the reception
of the papers, and he should therefore object.
So objection having been made, the papers were
not received. .
The SPEAKER again announced the regular
order of business.
Mr. BUEL asked leave to withdraw certain
papers from the files of the House.
Objection was made.
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ROBINSON,from the Committeeon Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to set apart, and to sell
to Asa Whitney, of the State ot New Yoik, a
portion of the public lands, to enable l.mi to con-
struct a railroad fiom Lake Michigan, or the Mis-
sissippi river, to the Pacific ocean; which was
read twice by its title and leferred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. R. submitted a motion, that the Committee
on Printing inquire into the propriety of printing
an extra number of the bill and report; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the construction of
certain roads in the Territory of Minnesota; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
DEBATE ON CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and moved, that all
debate on the special message of the President of
the United States, relating to California, and on
the bill heretofore introduced by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,] providing for her
admission into the Union as a State, should ter-
minate on Wednesday next, at two o'clock.
Mr. K. said it was not his intention to press
the resolution at this time. He had made the
motion meiely for the purpose of giving notice
that he should call it up at some early day, in
order that a tune might be specified at which the
debate should terminate. He moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he had not yet seen the
resolution. He asKed that it might he read.
Mr. KING said he moved the usual resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ported in wilting.
The motion was put in the form of the usual
resolution.
Mr. TAYLOR rose to inquire, whether it was
m order to move to introduce such a resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged resolution,
and, as such, can be introduced at any time.
The resolution was read.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said he desired
to move 
Mr. KING said he desired to move to lay the
lesolution on the table. His object, as he had
stated, was, that a decision should be made at some
early day.
The SPEAKER stated the motion to be, to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. McLANE inquired, whether that was not
a final disposition of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER said it was; but the resolu-
tion was one ol privilege, and could be taken up
at any time.
Mr. KING said he believed discussion was not
in order.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Does the mover
of the resolution move that it be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. BURT said he was very strongly disposed
to raise a question of reception. It was very ex-
traoidinary that both motions had been made by
the gentleman fora New York, [Mr. King.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. 1 he
resolution is in order, and so is the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. King, and decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The call for reports continued ; when
Mr LEFFLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the reports accompanying, ordered to be printed,
A bill for the relief of Anthony Walton Bayard;
and
A bill for the relief of Joseph Johnson.
Mr. AVERETT, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were severally read twice by their titles, referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
reports accompanying, oidered to be printed, viz:
j A bill for the relief of John M. Roseberry ;
j A bill for the relief of George Keller, ot Mis-
i souri; and c
j A bill tor the relief of Thomas R. Saunders, of
I Virginia.
' Mr. WALDEN, from the same committee, re-
i ported the following bills; which were severally
1 read twice by their titles, referred to the Commit-
I tee of the Whole, and, with the reports aecompa-
i| nying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Henry Click, of Cocke
county, Tennessee; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Coats.
Mr. MATTESON, from the eaijie committee,
reported the following bills; which were severally
read twice by their titles, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the reports
accompanying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Parmelia Slaviri, th!e
widow of John Blue, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Warren Raymond.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported the following bills; which
were severally read twice by their titles, referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and, with the
bills accompanying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of William Sparks; and
A bill for the relief of George S. Claflin.
Mr WALDEN, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, reported a bill to extend the patent hereto-
fore granted to William Woodworth; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report
accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. OTIS, from the same committee, submitted •
the views of the minority of that committee on the
memorial of the administrator of William Wood-
worth; which was referred to the same Committee
of the Whole House, to which the bill above was
referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAYMOND asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present a remonstrance from the
citizens of Wheeling, Virginia, against the exten-
sion of the patent for Woodwork's planing ma-
chine.
Objection was made, and the remonstrance was
not introduced.
Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, reported a bill for the relief of George S.
Bishop, and the legal representatives of John Ar-
nold, deceased; which was read twice by its title,
rel'eired to the Committee of the,Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideiation of the memorial of Ursula
E. Cobb, for a continuance of pension, and it wa3
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THOMAS, trom the Committee on Claims,
reported the following bill, which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be punted, viz:
A bill for the relief of Polly Carver, the execu-
trix of Nathan Carver, deceased.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same Committee,
made adverse reports in the followingcases; which
were severally ordered to lie on ihe table arid be
printed, viz:
The petition of Hubert Lacroix, prnymg in-
demnity for loss of property in Monioe, Michi-
gan, while said place was m the possession of the
Ameiican army in the late war with Great Britain;
The memorial of John P. Converse, for allow-
ance of expenses while acting as special agent of
the Post Office Department, m settling certain toll-
bridge claims;
The petition of John Jardine, the administrator
and heir-at-law of William Jardine, late a seaman
in the United States navy, for wages due by the
United States to the deceased, who was his son;
The memorial of Nitnrod Farrow and Richard
Harris, praying the payment ot a balance, and for
losses on a contract for the construction of a fort
on Dauphin Island; . ■
The petition of Henry T. Pairo, the adminis-
trator of John Laub, deceased, late chief clerk
of the First Comptroller's office, for compensation
tor extra services while m said office; and
| The petition ot Ira Carpenter, lor losses of prop-
! erty, taken by the troops of the United States, in
i 1812 and 1813.
Mi. THOMAS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Watson, Chabot &
Co.; which was read twice by its title, with a
I view to its reference.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the bill be now put
! upon its passage.
Mr T said a few words m explanation ot the
bill and sent to the Clerk's table a letter from
the State Department on the subject; which was
^Mt'r. BURT moved that the bill be committed to
