1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if the General Government is bound to make these
payments to these individuals, the Committee on
Indian Affairs ought to report upon these cases
favorably, and let these individuals have the redress
to which they are so justly, and, I think, so Legal-
ly entitled.
Mr. CASS. I will read the law on this subject:
" That ifany Indian or Indians, belonging to any tribe in
amity with the United States, shall, within the Indian coun-
try, take or destroy the property of any person lawfully
within such country, or shall pass from the Indian country
into any State or Territory inhabited by citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and there take, steal, or destroy any horse,
Iiorses, or other property belonging to any crtizen or inhabit-
an i of the United States, such citizen or inhabitant, his rep-
resentative, attorney, or agent, may make application .to the
proper superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, who, upon being
furnished with the necessary documents and proofs, shall,
under ihe direction of the President, make application to
the nation or tribe to which such Indian or Indians shall
belong, for satisfaction ; and if such nation or tribe shall re-
fuse to make satisfaction in a reasonable time, not exceed-
ing twelve months, it<shall be the duty of such superintend-
ent, agent, or sub-agent, to make return of his doings to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that such further steps may
be taken as shall be proper, in the opinion of the President,
to obtain satisfaction for the injury; and m the mean time,
In respect to the property so taken, stolen, or destroyed, the
United States guaranty to the party so injured an eventual
indemnification."
The act then goes on to provide that, where
these Indians are entitled to annuities, the amount
shall be deducted from their annuities. If they
have no annuities, the United States is subject to
their guaranty. The object is apparent. It is
useful and necessary. If this were not so, and a
man's horse was stolen on the frontier, the inhab-
itants of the frontier settlements would come over
into the Indian country for revenge. In this way
the frontier would be kept in continual war.' This
contingency was very wisely provided for.
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, in the cases to
which I referred, the parties were Government
surveyors of public lands. The Indians left their
own country, came into the State of Iowa, and
robbed these gentlemen of their horses and pro-
visions, and other valuable property, besides of-
fering gross indignities to Mr. Marsh and his men.
In both cases 1 made application for my constit-
uents, who procured the necessary proof of the
robbery, for indemnity to the agent of the Sioux
Indians. He referred them and me to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. The commissioner
refused to compensate them. I then presented their
petition to the Senate, and had it leferied to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, whom I have re-
peatedly and earnestly urged to report a bill for
me. The committee at one time refused to report
favorably, though I have now a confident hope
that they will do so, that my constituents and
neighbors may receive the just compensation to
which they are entitled for the loss of their prop-
erty by theft and robbery made in broad daylight,
and in defiance of them, by these wandering and
reckless Indians, who pay no respect to laws or
persons when they have the advantage in numbers
and in arms, as was the case in both the instances
to which I have referred.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I think
my friend.from Iowa is under a misapprehension
of the grounds upon which the claims to which he
alludes were decided against by the Committee on
Indian Affairs. The seventeenth section of the in-
tercourse law of 1834, under which all this de-
scription of claims are presented, requires proof
to be taken before the Indian-agent. The object
of this provision is to protect the Indians. Hence
the examination takes place before the Indian
agent, in order that the Indians may cross-examine
the witnesses. The claims to which the Senator
alludes were rejected because proof of the facts of
the case was not taken before the Indian agent.
The case, however, is again before the committee
on a recommital.
While up, Mr. President, I would say a few
words in regard to the merits of this bill. There
seems to be an erroneous impression prevailing
among several members of the body, that the pro-
visions of this bfll are an innovation upon the pro-
visions which have heretofore been incorporated
into the various laws to regulate intercourse with
the Indian tribes. That is not the case. This bill
embodies precisely the same principle which is
contained in the intercourse law of 1834. A pro-
vision of that law makes depredations committed
by the Indians payable, in the first place, out of
their annuities. This had nothing to do with the
general principle of the liability of the United
States. But if the Indians who committed the
depredations had no annuities, as is the case.very
frequently, then the Treasury of the United States
is liable. So that the principle of the law of 1834
was the unconditional liability of the United States
for all depredations committed by Indians in amity
with them. And that law of 1834 < provided a
mode of ascertaining the amount of depredation
committed, and made the annuities of the Indians
liable for that amount, in the first place
This bill simply provides for the extension of
the provision of the law of 1834 to Texas. It
makes the Treasury of the United States liable for
past depredations. This is upon the principle re-
cognized by the intercourse law of 1834, of the
eeneral liability of the United States for any such
depredations. And we have had individual cases
presented and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. The object of this bill is to prevent the
disposition of these cases by us, and to refer them
over to the executive departments, to be disposed
of by a general law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
feel some difficulty in relation to the propriety of
this bill; not that it introduces a new principle,
but that it extends the rule to a case not contem-
plated when the rule was made, and beyond the
principle upon which the rule rests. The obliga-
tion of the United States to indemnify its citizens
for losses incurred by Indian depredations, results
from the fact that the Indians are to be controlled
within their own country, by the power of the
United States; and that power extends to exclu-
ding white men from the Indian country, except
those who come with license. -Now, in this case,
the United States have no control over the Indians
of Texas, because they reside upon the territory
of Texas. The United States have no power to cur-
tail the limits of the settlements of Texas, to prevent
white men from going into territory inhabited bv
Indians. But the peopleof Texas being at liberty
to push their settlements as far as they please, and
every Texan having a right, as far as the laws of
Texas permit, to go into the country possessed by
the Indians, this act would make the United States
responsible, without their having any power to
shield themselves. This will result from the fact
that we cannot keep the Indians within any certain
country, and cannot prevent white men from tres-
passing on that country, if any country be as-
signed to the Indians. Collision, therefore, be-
comes inevitable; depredations will be frequently
committed; and so far as they are committed by
these roving bands that inhabit the southern and
western parts ofTexas—there being no annuity to
be offsetted—the amount of the depredations would
be a direct charge upon the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States; I think, therefore, that we are extend-
ing this provision of the law of j834 to a case not
contemplated when the law was made, and where
it cannot be justly applicable to this case', unless
some portion'of the country be set apart for the
Indian tribes; and that country put under the pro-
tection and supervision of the United States.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, 1 think the honor-
able Senator has fallen into a slight mistake, in-
duced by the difference in character between the
Indians over whom the intercourse law was, in
the first place, established, and those over whom
the jurisdiction of the United States has now been
extended. This bill, as I have before said, con-
templates nothing more nor less than extending
the provisions of the intercourse law of 1834 to
the State of Texas, as it now extends to every
other State in the Union. The Camanehes, over
whom the United States have control, are roving
bands. They have no idea of locality. They
never camp two weeks in the same place. They
are constantly following the buffaloes. The prin-
ciple that has been incorporated in our intercourse
laws is this: That when the United States take
control of a tribe of Indians, and are in amity with
them, in order to avoid frontier wars, if these In-
dians commit depredations on the inhabitants, the
United States guaranty that these depredations
shall be eventually paid for out of the Treasury of
the United States. The United States deduct the
amount which they pay in this way from the an-
nuities of the Indians, if they receive any.
Now, the United States have the control of the
Camanehes. They have taken control of them by
treaty, and by more treaties than one. In the
first place, they made a treaty with them by which
they took the control of them. In the second
place, the United States have nifulc a treaty with
Mexico, by whieb they agreed to control these
Camanehes; and, in the'third place, they are under
the jurisdiction of the United States by the Con-
stitution itself. The United States have a right to
pass a law, and adopt any means necessary, W
regulate commerce with these Camanehes, undef
the provisions of the Constitution.
The depredations which have been complained
of, and for which memorials have been sent to
Congress, and are now before the Committee on
Indian Affairs, are committed, not by the Caman-
ehes, but by the tribes which I have before men-
tioned—the Cherokees, Delawares, Caddoes, and
others, who should have been restrained within
their own country. It is the clear and palpable
duty of the United States to restrain these tribes
within their own country, and to prevent them
from depredating on the inhabitants. 1 do not
intend to make any complaint now, or to -say
anything which shall be at all irritating. But 1
am btfund to say that the Government of the United
States has been wanting in duty to itself, and want-
ing in duty to the people ofTexas, for having per-
mitted these Indians to constantly leave the
territories assigned them by the United States
Government, and go over and depredate upon the
people ofTexas.
This practice of the Indians commenced when
I first went to Texas, some sixteen or seventeen
years ago, and it has continued ever since. We
have had as much or more trouble with these In-
dians, from the Indian Territory of the United
States, and it has cost us a greater expense to de-
fend ourselves against them, than it ever did
against the Mexicans. Some eight or ten of these
tribes not only commit depredations upon the cit-
zens of Texas, but they get into difficulty with
the Indian tribes there. It is a matter of policy
with them to keep the Camanehes and other wild
Indians away, in order to have the profits of the
intervening trade. All the difficulties into which
the Indians of Texas have got, have been owing to
the improper conduct of these very Indians,
which it was the duty of the United States, upon
every principle, to restrain and keep within the
bounds they had assigned, and prevent them from
coming upon the State of Texas. Not only
should good neighborhood and a proper regard
for the citizens of any one State of the Union in-
duce the Government of the United States to re-
strain these Indians, but before our annexation
they were under special treaty obligation to do it,
and that obligation still continues.
Well, sir, the question now is simply this,
whether the United States will place Texas upon
the same footing, in regard to these Indians, with
every other State of the Union ? That will be
the effect if this bill passes. By the first clause,
the depredations of the Indians within their ju-
risdiction will be paid for out of their annuities,
and the individual depredated on, being thus guar-
antied by the Government, will not be forced to
take the matter into his own hands and produce
war. But if you refuse to him the same guaran-
tees which you extend to other individuals, in the
case of other Indians with whom you are on
terms of amity, what is the natural consequence?
Why, if depredated on, and his property taken
away, having no guarantee, and being placed ona
different footing from everybody else, he must
take the law into his own hands and retaliate on
the Indians. And what follows? Indian wars.
Under these circumstances I hope the bill-will pass.
Mr. MASON. I must ask that the bill be post-
poned till to-morrow.
Several Senators. Oh, let it pass.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Mississippi
is going to debate it further.
Mr. DAVIS. Only very shortly.
Mr. MASON. I must therefore ask that it be
postponed, in order to take up the other special
order. _
The further consideration was "then postponed
until to-morrow. ,
stf*
RECAPTURE OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special ordefof
the day, being a bill to provide for the more
effectual execution of the third clause of the second
section of the fourth article of the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr- MASON submitted a sabstitute for the
