514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
debatable ground—on that part of the territory j
which is in dispute.
He was glad when the gentleman from Illinois
rose and objected to (he immediate passage of this
bill, although it appeared, from the language of
the gentleman from Texas, that the gentleman
from Illinois had no right to speak on the subject.
Now he could not tell what reason there might be
for prohibiting gentlemen on the other side of the
House from speaking on the subject of the bound-
ary of Texas; but he supposed that on this
side of the House, he might be permitted to say a
word. There is a large portion of the territory
to which Texas lays claim, which does not belong
to her. It was enough for him to know, that her
claim goes a hundred miles beyond what he be-
lieves to be her true boundary.
Mr. HOWARD (Mr. Steven's yielding for
explanation) asked if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was aware that there had been a court
which had exercised jurisdiction over this ter-
ritory for the last four years'
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, begged to
ask of his colleague, where was the plac$.,which
he had designated as situated on the debatable
ground ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is Brownsville.
Mr. THOMPSON. Where is Brownsville?
Mr. STEVENS said, if his colleague did not
know, it was not for him to become his instructor.
Let him go back to his primer. It is situated
somewhere in the territory which formerly be-
longed to Mexico, and now belongs to the Uni-
ted States. But he did not rise to discuss the ques-
tion of boundary. Whenever the proper time for
the consideration of that question should come, he
would bo rrepared to* discuss it with his colleague
to the best of his ability. He did not believe that
the boundary of Texas ever extended to that point.
It was enough for him to know, that the bill em-
braced a jurisdiction over ground which was is in
dispute. He was not willing to do anything to
settle, by this bill, the question of boundary, so
far as to include this debatable territory, and thus
fix the boundary of the State wherever she might
choose to designate it.
At the beginning of the present session of Con-
gress, we had voted for the purchase of a directory,
to which was attached a map, in which Texas was
made to cover a greater part of the United States.
Suppose a claim to ail that was contained in that
map was <-et up, perhaps the map itself might be
admitted as good ground for it. He did not wish
to be foiced into a premature discussion of this
subject.
He had said, that he would make no opposition
to the bill, if this place on the debatable ground
was omitted. But he had <riven notice in commit-
tee, that if this place was fixed on, he would never
vote for the bill; and he never would, until he
knew that Brownsville was not within the deba-
table ground. He could not but suppose, that,
as gentlemen so strenuously insisted on having
the place named, they must have had some poten-
tial motive for it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said, his
reason for asking his colleague where tin's place
was situated, was, to inform him that it was be-
tween the Nueces and the Rto Grande. This bill
indicates no boundary for Texas, Whatever
rightfully belongs to Texas will be included in her
boundary; whatever does not, will be excluded
from her boundary. ,
Mr. KAUFMAN. I hope, Mr. Speaker, if the
bill id not ?ioio passed, that at least it will not be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. If that reference is made, it
may be a long time before we reach it. There is
no State in the Union that demands the existence
of two disti ict coin ts of the United States as much
as Texas. Tex«s is much the Imgest State in the
Union. It is, perhaps, one thousand miles from
one settled portion of the State to another. The
peculiar land-system that prevailed in Texas, orig
mating with Mexico, has entailed upon her an
extraordinary amount of litigation. It is well
known that a large number of grants, of eleven
leagues of land each, was issued under the Mexi-
can Government. These grants have been hawked :
about in the United Staies for the last twenty years, i
and sold to d liferent speculators. Although many ,
or most of those claims are fraudulent, null, and i
void, yet suits are brought upon them, and they !
must be defended. Suits are brought in the !
United States district court, because the holders
of these claims are mostly citizens of other States.
The system of surveying m small tracts, prevail-
ing in the United States, has saved the new States
of the West from much litigation, that has arisen
in Texas. Now, sir, unless this bill is passed,
settlers, sued for their homes, will be compelled to
travel two, or three hundred, or more miles, to
employ counsel in their defence. Jt is absolutely
impossible for one judge todischarge all theduties
of his office for the State of Texas, and go to
points of convenience to defendants. He could
not, perhaps, do it by remaining even at one point.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] said, that the Committee on the Judiciary
were far from unanimous in reporting this bill.
Now, sir, only two members of that committee—
the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Preston
King,] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
himself, [Mr. Stevens]—objected. This bill re*
reived the support of all the other members of
the committee.
Mr. ASHMUN. When this bill was first
acted upon in committee, 1 was not present. I
came into the committee when the bill was finally
acted upon, and consented that a motion should
be made that the bill be put upon its passage, but
I never approved of the bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Was not the question of
inserting Brownsville in the bill put, and did you
not assent to it ?
Mr. ASHMUN. I did so, but only in order to
bring the matteT before ihe House.
Mr. KAUFMAN. If you acted with that view,
and I misunderstood your motive, I stand cor-
rected.
This bill makes no decision as to boundary. It
confers no additional nor more extended jurisdic-
tion than is already confeired by law, in the
United States district court of Texas. As no
allusion whatsoever is made to Santa Fe, nor is
there any extension of territorial juiisdiclion, I
must express my surprise at the objections inter-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McClernand,] whose friendship to Texas, here-
tofore, I have cheerfully acknowledged, more par-
ticularly, as six members of the judiciary com-
mittee have united in recommending the imme-
diate passage of the bill. *
As the law now stands, the court may be held a
Brownsville, or any other point in Texas. But it
has only heretofore been held at Galveston. The
object of this bill, in part, is to compel the judge of
the present court, as well as of the new court, to
be established, to hold its sessions at particular
places, so as to answer the convenience awd wants
of the people.
1 regret, Mr. Speaker, that when a matter of
public utility to the people of Texas comes up,
that it is to be embarrassed by the old ciyofthe
disputed territory between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande. Why, sir, I believe this question is
given up neatly cverywheie else but here. The
ground of objection has been shifted to Santa Fe.
Even the resolutions from the State of New Yoik,
j about which such unusual parade was made the
other day, when piesenfec! by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Preston King,] asking,
contrary to usage, that they should be read—says
nothing about the territory between the Nueces
and the Rio ferande. They only speak of what
they say was formerly New Mexico,although, as
originally introduced, they denied to Texas the
territory between the Nueces and Rio Grande; but
this latter part was struck out by the legislature.
And yet what the New York Legislature rejected,
and God knows they are. ultra enough on slavery
| to satisfy the most rabid, is to be revived and
! sustained here on this floor.
| There are some thousands of voters in this ter-
i ritory between the Nueces and Rio Grande; it is
regularly organized into counties, it is represented
in our Legislature. District courts of the State
are regularly held there, and the jurisdiction of
Texas over it is perfect in every lespect. It is
i too late now to object to jt.
i The passage of this bill is of vital importance to
the farming interests of the State of Texas. People
who are sued for their homes, want their cases
tried where they can employ counsel for the de-
fence, wjthout being compelled to ride hundreds
of miles, and expend more in traveling and ne-
glecting their business, than, m many cases,
their claims are worth. They do not want delay
in the adjudication of their claims, for, during that
delay, they would feel unsafe in making improve-
ments upon their farms. Memorials have been
sent on, long ago, for this additional court. The
people demand it. A year ago, a bill similar to
this, passed the Senate unanimously; but for cer-
tain reasons, it was not passed by this House. It
ought now to be passed; and I believe there is
not a generous-hearted, benevolent member on this
floor, who would hesitate a moment to give the bill
his support, if he knew the inconvenience-*, de-
lays, and expenses to which hundreds of hard-
working, industrious farmers are subjected by the
present organization of the Federal court in Texas.
Mr. ROBINSON moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
KAUFMAN and the SPEAKER, on a point of
order,
Mr. PECK suggested that ihe bill should be
printed.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Robinson, and decided in the negative—
ayes 57, noes 69.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the question recurring on the reference of
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. PRESTON KING said, Mr. Speaker^the
gentleman from Texas has thought proper to al-
lude to the resolutions of the Legislature of Nesv
York, in discussing the merits of this bill. The
principles and opinions of the State of New York
are openly and clearly expressed, and published
to the world. All may know them, who feel an
interest to know what they are. They will be
maintained by the people of the State of New
York, and I trust by her Representatives on this
floor. I shall not now be drawn into a discussion of
them, upon the question of referring a bill which
relates, and in my judgment should be regarded
as relating;, solely to the proper judicial accommo-
dations of the people of the State of Texas. The
gentleman has thought proper to allude to my
opinions in the committee. I was present in the
committee when this bill was acted upon, ant!
entertained the.opinion, that, until the boundaries
of Texas were settled, no local legislatfon for that
State should be regarded as expressing an opinion
of Congress as to her legitimate boundaries, and
thatnoefFoit should be made to obtain the pas-
sage of a law that might, by indirection, be con-
strued as settling a question of boundary. The
bill granting a new judicial district, and designa-
ting certain localities for holding the courts, was
at that time agreed to by the committee, unani-
mously. The bill, as then sgreed to be reported,
did not designate Brownsville, although subse-
quently—and as he understood on another day, for
he was not present when it was done—the com-
mittee inserted in the bill Brownville, as one of
4he places for holding courts. He [Mr. K.}
did not regard the bill as deciding properly any
question but that which legitimately belonged to
its avowed object; and he should vote upon it
here, as he did in committee, with regard solely
to the reasonable and proper accommodation of
the people of Texas, in the transaction of their
business in the courts of the United States.
Mr. SCHFNCK next obtained the floor, but
yielded at the request of
Mr. HOWARD, who said he wished to ask a
question of the gentleman from New York, [Mr,
P. King.] lie had understood the gentleman to
say, that it was with the assent of the members
from Texa?, that it had been agreed in committee
to jeporf the bill, omitting Brownsville.
Mr. PRESTON KiNGsaid he had understood
so, though the gentleman now making inquiry was
not present.
Mr. HOWARD. My colleague can make a
statement upon that point.
Mr. KING said he had alluded to it because
he had been specially referred to by the gen-
. tleman from Texas, [Mr. Kaufman,] who had
| spoken of his opinions in committee, out of order,
; he thought, though, foi himself, he had no objec-
| tion to having his opinions stated anywhere. «
i Mr. KAUFMAN, in ieply to the gentleman
! from New York, [Mr. King,] said, Brownsville
' is in the district of my colleague, [Mr. Howard.]
