1850.
THE CONGRESSfiMAiL dLOEH.
■#
vestigated the subject, and from the best informa-
tion in their possession, they had concluded that
it was impracticable to continue these offices, and
they had instructed him to report accordingly,
lie had no feeling on this subject: if it was neces-
sary to carry on the business of the Government,
he would vote for the amendment. But he was
satisfied'that the public interests did not require it.
Mr. JOHNSON (interrupting) said, he had a
high estimate of the intelligence of the gentleman,
but as he (Mr. J.) had furnished facts to the House
why the office should be continued, he hoped that
mere assertion would not be accepted to rebut
official facts. He asked'how it was that under
such a state of circumstances as t^e gentleman
from Alabama represented, these facts had never
been reported to the House before? It was strange
(said Mr. J ) that that committee had made no re-
port; and he could but consider it hard, and a want
of courtesy, in a case so gravely concerning the
interest of an entire State, with but one Repre-
sentative, that the committee which had thus
promptly, and, as he regarded it, arbitrarily and
inconsiderately acted, could not have said one
word, or given a hearing, or an opportunity for n
hearing, to that one member. He hoped the
amendment would pass, and appealed to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means 
Mr. COBB said, as to the courtesy shown by
the committee towards the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, the facts of the case, if fairly exhibited,
would vindicate the committer. He was further
proceeding when 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said it was
the duty of the-Chair to arrest this conversation,
which was out of order.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Johnson was agreed to—ayes 81, noes 38
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, offered the fal-
lowing amendment:
" For compensation for clerks in his office, per act of 8th
August, 1846, $6,300." '
Mr. J. remarked, that the appropriation now
proposed^was for clerks and force in the surveyor
general's office. He said that the whole of the
investigations spoken of by the gentleman from
4-labama, [Mr. Cobb,] show not one fact. Mere
hasty statements it was received wisdom to value
at nothing. How is it, then, that these statements
and objections are to have any weight, when he
(Mr. J.) had collected and stated facts from the
official reports, and now stated them from the
reports, facts, and figures before him. He hoped
it would not be.
That office must be kept up, if the public inter-
ests are to be cared for. The interest of the State
of Arkansas and her people demanded it also.
They had a right to demand and expect it. They
were cursed, as he had occasion before to state,
with those public lands. They paid no tax, gave
no aid to his people to support the burdens of
Government, yet were made valuable by the gov-
ernment of that State, and the peace, good order,
security, and protection guarantied by the State
over them. They not only paid no tax to support
the State government, but they drained the pockets
of the emigrants and the pockets of the settlers,
and carried millions of the money in the State an-
nually into the national Treasury; and thus a peo-
ple, poor already, were annually impoverished. The
effects were too plain to reason upon.
It is no use to give a surveyor general his sal-
ary, as you have just done, if you give him no
force with which to act for the public interest.
The report of the surveyor general under the
late Administration states that this office can be
closed. It is a mere opinion. It does not state
the facts. The late reports say it cannot be closed.
It states the facts. One fact is enough: Six hun-
dred and twenty-four townships demand the labor
of that office, besides many other matters. The
other appropriations 1 will not ask, as there wilt
sopn be another Congress, and the regular com-
mittee can then report on them.
Mr. CARTTER said, as he understood, these
offices had been ordered to be closed in accord*
ance with the recommendation of the surveyor
General; and the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] said that that officer did not know his
business-.
Mr. COBB, of Alabarfia, appealed to the gentle-
man from Ohio to allow him to make an explana-
tion in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Arkansas.
Mr. CARTTER yielded for a moment.
Mr. COBB "said, from the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, stating that
the work was nearly completed in" the States of
Alabama, Arkansas, and Mississippi,and that the
offices might be closed, the Committee on Public
Lands had reported against the continuation of
this office.
Mr. CARTTER interposed with the remark
that he could not yield to the gentleman all his
time, and proceeded. He said the Commissioner j
of the General Land Office not only had recom- |
mended that these offices be discontinued, but the j
Committee on Public Lands had come to the same j
conclusion, which had been sustained by Con- j
gress, "and a subsequent committee had affirmed )
the decision. Yet the honorable gentleman from j
Arkansas now undertook to convince the House }
that it was necessary to have a permanent sur- '
veyor general's office in Arkansas. It was de- ;
igned to be a mere temporary office anywhere—
The CHAIRMAN. Inthe opinion ofthe Chair,
the amendment is in order.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BOYD renewed the point of order. -
The CHAIRiVfAN decided that the appropri-
ation was in order, on the ground that it was a
contingency for carrying on one of the depart-
ments of the Government.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Bayly was agreed to.v
Mr. CHANDLER moved an amendment in-
creasing the appropriation from $17,900 to $25,000
'for the contingent expenses of the Mint at Phil-
adelphia.
Mr. C. said these contingent expenses were
graduated upon the employment of such labor as
was necessary when a limited amoun^of bullion
was received, but the increased amount now re-
ceived from California made additional contingent
expenses necessary.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
to expire with the expiration of the surveys for |j whether the Secretary of the Treasury had recom-
which it was created. But the gentleman asked | mended this appropriation?
revive this office and these clerk-
the House to
ships, to continue forever he supposed.
Mr. JOHNSON said, there was no use to con-
tinue the surveyor general's office there, if they
gave them no clerks.
Mr. CARTTER further briefly opposed the re- !
newal of these land offices and their clerks, char- i
acterizing it as a species of plunder and Galphin- j
ism. !
Mr. JOHNSON asked if he intended to charge j
him with a disposition to encourage plunder? j
Mr. CARTTER disclaimed any persona! ap- j
plication of the remark to the gentleman. j
Some,further conversation took place between j
the two gentlemen. ;
Mr. FOWLER inquired of the gentleman from j
Arkansas, whether the operation of these offices '
were in fact suspended? I
Mr. JOHNSON was understood to reply, that'
orders to close them had been given near the close i
appropriation ?
Mr. CHANDLER was understood to say he
believed that the Secretary of the Treasury had
had no time at all for the examination of-the item,
Mr. THOMPSON said it was very unusual to
make such an appropriation, unless it was recom-
mended bv the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER caused to be read a letter
from the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
showing the necessity for the appropriation he
proposed.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following item (for the Mint at New Or-
leans) being under consideration:
" For salaries of feuperintendent, treasurer, as^ayer, coin-
er, melt^r and refine], and clerks, fourteen thousand nine
hundred dollars;—the salary of the treasurer being hereby
increased from first July, eighteen hundred and fifty, to four
thousand dollars."
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the above by
striking out u $14,900/' and inserting " $17,300,"'
of the last Administration, but those orders had j1 and by adding at the end of the clause the words,
never been carried into execution, for it had been
impossible for this Administration to discontinue
the office. I
The question was taken, and the amendment of !
Mr. Johnson was agre^l to. j
Mr. BINGHAM offered the following amend- i
ment: J
" For resurveving and correcting erroneous and fraud u- j
lent surveys'n Michigan, at a rate not exceeding six dollars '
per mile,§20,000." |
He sent to the Chair a letter from the Commis- j
sioner of the Land Office, stating that this appro-I
priation was overlooked in the original estimates !
of the office, but was absolutely necessary, and ;
said that the original survey of these lands, which j
was made some years since, had been recently i
discovered to be fraudulent, and that the lands •
could not be entered or settled upon, until a new j
survey was made. Some of the most valuable ;
agricultural lands in the lower peninsula of Michi-
gan am included in these fraudulent surveys. The
public interests which required the sale of these
lands would be promoted by an immediate resur-
vey. He understood that the Como ittee of Ways
and Means concurred in the propriety of the
amendment, and he trusted it would be adopted by
the House.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Bingham was agreed to—ayes 64, noes not
counted.
The following item (for the United States Mint
at Philadelphia,) being under consideration:
"For salaries of the director, treasurer, chief comer,as-
sayer, meiter and r( finer, engraver, assistant a&sa>er, and
their cleiks, $19,800."
Mr. BAYLY moved an amendment to increase
the amount from $19,800 to $21,000, and to add
the words, " and the employment of an additional
clerk, at $1,200 per annum, is hereby authorized."
He said the amendment was, in the language of
their rule, for a "contingency in carrying on one
of the departments of the Government." That
contingency had arisen in this way: The great in-
flux of gold from California into the Mint at Phil-
adelphia, made the employment of an additional
clerk necessary; and they proposed by this amend-
ment to provide for that clerk precisely as addi-
tional clerks had been provided for from time im-
memorial.
Messes. BOYD and WALDO inquired if the
amendment was in order?
the salary of the chief clerk to be $1,800, of the
:• other clerk #1,500, and the employment of an ad-
, ditional clerk at $1,500 is hereby authorized.
Mr. STRONG moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $14,900 " and inserting
" $13,400."
He expressed his ignorance of the reasons which
had induced the Committee of Ways and Means
to allow this increase of salary to the treasurer of
the Mirft at New Oileans. The appropriation is
now made larger by two thousand dollars than it
has been in former years—that addition is now
made in this bill for the purpose of increasing the
salary of the treasurer of the mint at New Or-
leans. He was opposed to this increase of salary.
He requested the committee to bear in mind that
' last session, in the civil and ^diplomatic bill, the
; salary of the treasurer of the mint at New Or-
I leans was incaeased $500. In addition to this in-
! crease of last year, we are now called on to give
, $1,500 moie. He was unable to see the propriety
j of this appropriation. There may, howeyer,* be
: sufficient reasons for it; but he-thought that the
i salary which we had given this treasurer for sev-
| eral years past, was sufficient to command the ser-
j vices of the best men* We have never been at
any loss to find persons ready to fill-public offices.
! Unless some reason could be alleged which has
: not yet appeared, he was opposed to any increase
of the salary of the treasurer of the mint at New
Orleans, or anywhere else.
Mr. BAYLY expressed his confidence that if
he could obtain the attention of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, he could satisfy him of the propri-
ety of appropriating this increase of salary to the
treasurer of the mint at New Orleans. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had said that there was
never any difficulty in getting persons to fill Our
public offices at the salaries which had been here-
tofore fixed by law. Now the late treasurer of •
the mint at New Orleans had also filled the office
of sub-trersurer, and it had been found impossible
to obtain a substitute for him as treasurer of the
mint. He had refused to hold the office for the
salary of §2,000 heretofore attached to it, and had
resigned the office. The person who had officiated
as chief clerk had been selected to fill the office, on
the condition that the salary should be increased.
His friend from Louisiana, who had been in com-
munication with the gentleman now holding the
