mto
the Congressional globe.
Aug. 20,
office, had ascertained that he would not consent
to take it unless the salary was increased. Assu-
ranees had been given from the Committee of
Ways and Means that the increase would be given,
and on the faith of these assurarfces, that gentleman
was now holding, on. Theamount now appropri-
ated was the same as was given to the sub-treas-
urer at New Yofk. And there is no good reason
why the treasurer at New Orleans should not be
put on as good a footing. The cost of living was
much greater at New Orleans than at New York.
The compensation, therefore, ought to be made to
bear some proportion to this increased cost of liv-
ing. There was no sufficient reason why the
treasurer at New Orleans should not be paid as !'
well as the Treasurer at New York. i
The question was then taken on the amendment j
to the amendment, and it was rejected. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the amendment, by reducing the appro-
< priation to $10,000. ** v
He desired merely to state some circumstances
which had reached him,and which, if founded in
fact, showed that something was wrong in rela-
tion to this mint,at New Orleans. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means had statsd
that the late treasurer of the mint had resigned
the office because the salary was inadequate.
Now, as he had heard_ the facts, they were that
he resigned, probably not for the reason assigned,
but for the purpose of opening in the vicinity of
the mint a broker's office. When application
was made to the mint forcoin, the applicants were
told they must 2:0 the broker's office round the
corner. Now, this state of things had an aspect
of impropriety which should not be permitted.
He had received his information on the subject
from a gentleman belonging to the city of New
Orleans.
Mr. BAYLY replied, that the gentleman who
had been the treasurer of the mint resigned the
office immediately after the present Administra-
tratinn came into power. General Taylor then
appointed five different persons, by all of whom the
office was declined. At length, a gentleman was
found, who, on a pledge that the salary of the of-
fice should be increased, accepted and entered on
the duties, it was for the purpose of preventing
this broker system, which had been referred toby
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that this in-
crease of force was suggested. Bullion had fre-
quently accumulated to such an extent in New
Orleans, that the mint could not coin it, and it
then necessarily fell into the hands of brokers
On this statement of facts the committee had be-
come satisfied that it would be proper to employ
additional force to prevent such a state of things.
Mr, MORSE rose to make some remarks.
The CHAIR stated that he was not in order,
now that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had occupied the floor.
Mr. MORSE suggested that the chairman had
been permitted to occupy a portion of the time of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania by the courtesy
of that gentleman; and this (Mr. M. contended)
left the floor free for him to speak in opposition to
the amendment to the amendment. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means had shown
that this increase of appropriation was necessary
to obtain a competent person to fill the office. That
gentleman had told the committee that the office
was offered to fouror five gentlemen of the city of
New Orleans, who had all refused it. It was hon-
orable to New Orleans, that none of her citizens
could be found to assume the duties and the re-
sponsibility attached to the office, because the
Government declined to pay an adequate salary,
while it required of the incumbent bonds to the
amount of one or two hundred thousand dollars.
He was not in favor of introducing the Procrustean
process in reference to public offices. The salaries
paid in the State of Louisiana were much larger
than those paid to officers of the same rank in the
. northern States. The governor, the judges, were
all paid in Louisiana on a much more liberal scale
than they were in the State of New York. It was
useless, therefore, to take the salaries paid in the
one State as a test of those which were paid in the
other. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had said very properly that the treas-
urer of the mint at New Orleans ought to receive
$4,000. He filled the two offices of treasurer of
the mint and of sub-treasurer; and, holding both
these offices, surely he was entitled to the salary
"which was attached to one of them in the State of
New York, especially when it is taken into con-
sideration that the cost of living in New Orleans
is twice as mtfch as it is in New York. We shall
be obliged to close up the mint, unless we increase
the salary so as to find a person competent to fill
the office. Looking at the scale of salaries paid in
Louisiana, it is impossible to get a treasurer for
less than $4,000, and unless this is appropriated,
the mint must be closed. He could read letters
from gentlemen of New Orleans, begging, in the
most earnest tones, that a competent salary may
be allowed for the officers of the mint.
Mr. BUTLER, by general consent, withdrew
the amendment to the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Bayly, and it was agreed to.
Territory of Oregon.
For salaries of governor and superintendent of Indian
affair?, three judges, and secretary, ten thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of members of the legis-
lative assembly, officers, clerk?, and contingent expenses of
the assembly, twenty-four thousand six hundred dollars.
Mr. THURSTON moved to amend the above
by striking out the words " and superintendent of
Indian affairs;'5 so it would then read, for salaries
ofgovernor, three judges, and secretary, ten thou-
sand dollars. He said: In moving this amend-
ment, Mr. Chairman, I wish simply to state to the
committee, that this clause in the bill reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means was undoubt-
edly based on a state of facts no longer in exist-
ence. By the law organizing the Territory of
Oregon, the governor was made superintendent of
Indian affairs. His salary as governor was fif-
teen hundred dollars, and a* superintendent of In-
dian affairs fifteen hundred dollars more; making,
in the aggregate, three thousand dollars.
But it will be recollected by the committee that
" a bill authorizing the negotiation of treaties with ;
the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, for
the extinguishment of their claim to land lying
west of the summit of the Cascade Mountains,
and for other purposes," as nearly as I now re-
collect the title, passed the House of Representa-
tives, first having passed the Senate, and is now
the law of the land. T8bat bill, sir, created the
office of superintendent of Indian affairs for Ore-
gon, and authorized the President to appoint one
or more Indian agents, not to exceed three in all,
and established their salaries, as well as that of
the superintendent. This law also repealed so
much of the law organizing Oregon Territory as
made thegovernor superintendentof Indian affairs,
but at the same time continued the goveruor's sal-
ary, as governor, the same as it had been before,
as governor and as superintendent of Indian affairs.
Hence, sir, while the amount in this item of ap-
propriation should continue the same, its phrase-
ology should be so changed as to harmonize with
facts; and this is the reason I have moved the
amendment.
Mr. JONES suggested the propriety of so mod-
ifyingthe amendment as only to strike out the word
•'and," and to leave the residue of the amendment
as it was reported by the committee. He wanted
to amend the amendment.
Mr. THURSTON said: Mr. Chairman, I rise,
sir, me *ely to say, that I hope the amendment will
riot prevail, because I am satisfied, had the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] always lib-
eral towards my Territory, been aware of the pre-
cise state of facts, he would not have offered it.
I have an amendment drawn up, sir, which I pro-
pose to offer in the proper place, which provides
as well for the salary of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs, as for those of the agent's and the inci-
dental expenses of the office of' the superintendent.
I will read the amendment which I shall propose,
and offer it as a reason why the amendment of I
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] should
not prevail.
[Mr. T. here read the amendment, which is in-
serted in a subsequent part of the proceedings.]
Thus, sir, it will be seen that this amendment
which I shall propose, covers the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and
goes further, so as to meet the requirements of the
case. And because this is so, I indulge the hope
that his amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was then "re-
jected.
^The question being taken on the amendment
moved by Mr. Thurston, it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY-, by instructi6n of the Committee
of Ways and Means, moved to amend the last
clause of the above, hy inserting "$24,000," in
place of "$20,600."
Mr. BAYLY explained the necessity for the
adoption of this amendment A law Was some
time since passed, which authorized the Legislature
of the Territory of Oregon to prolong their session
to ninety days. Originally? the duration of a
session of the Legislature was limited to sixty
days. But Congress having, for reasons satis-
factory to itself, authorized the Legislatures of the
Territories of Oregon and Minnesota to extend
their sessions to ninety days, it became necessary,
in consequence of this law, to increase the appro-
priation.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. THCJRSTON moved to amend the bill by
inserting:
« For salary of the superintendent of Indian affairs, three
Indian ageius, and for office rent, wood^ and lights, station-
ery, and cleik hire, $10,000 "
Mr. T. said: This, Mr. Chairman, is theamend-
ment of which I have just spoken. The low to
which I have referred, as passing this session,
creates a superintendent and not exceeding three
agents. The President, under the advice of the
Department of the Interior, has very wisely, in
my judgment, decided to appoint three agents for
the service in Oregon. The salary of the super-
intendent is §2,500, that of each agent $1,500, and
the aggregate is $7,000. In addition to this, there
are the office rent of the superintendent, wood,
lights, stationery, and clerk hire, which will, in-
deed, more than make up the balance. The ap-
propriations in this bill, as it came from the com-
mittee, were based on the old state of affairs.
The passage of the law referred to changes that
state, and to provide for this change, is the object
of my amendment; and upon this statement, I
have no doubt the committee will adopt the amend-
ment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. THURSTON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in immediately after line 494:
"For salary of the surveyor general of Oregon, for clerk
hire in his office, and for fuel, books, stauonery, and other
incidental expenses, $7,500."
Mr. T. said: I have offered this amendment,
Mr. Chairman, merely to bring a state of facts be-
fore the committee, and then let the committee act
upon the amendment in conformity to its judg-
ment.
It is known to the committee that a bill has
passed the House creating a surveyor general for
Oregon, at a salary of $2,500 per annum, and ap-
propriating five thousand dollars for the items in-
dicated in my amendment. That bill has been
sent up to the Senate, referred to its Committee
on Public Lands, and by that committee been re-
ported back to the Senate, with two or three ver-
bal amendments, with a recommendation that it
pass with those amendments. From what I can
see, sir, this bill will become a law some time
during this session. If it should, (and the suffer-
ings of the people of Oregon are too great to sup-
pose for one moment that it will not,) you will have
this officer on your hands without any appropria-
tion to pay his salary, or the necessary expenses
of his office contemplated by the proposed law.
This, sir, is a brief statement of the case. I am
not informed what has been the custom of Con-
gress in similar cases, or whether it is in order,
now that the bill is not a law, to propose the
amendment. I do it merely to bring the facts be-
fore the committee, doubting not that whatever is
proper in the premises will be done.
Mr. VINTON asked if this bill had passed both
Houses ?
Mr. THURSTON replied in the negative.
Mr. VINTON said, it was very irregular to
make an appropriation before the law authorizing
it had been passed. He had never known an in-
stance of that kind.
Mr. RUMSEY said, that if the law did not
pass the amendment would be of no avail.
The CHAIR said that, m consequence of the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, he must
pronounce the amendment out of order.
Mr. VINTON said he had made no statement.
