1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51T
of abolition petitions of some shade or another.
I hpoe the petition wit] be disposed of.
Mr. FOOTE. I raisea pointof order, and itis !
this, that when the hour arrives for taking up a '
special order, it is the duty of the Chair to call up
that order, no matter what may be before the .
Senate. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
shall this petition be laid upon the table until to-
morrow ?
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest that if I vote
on that motion, I shall be liable to misconstruc-
tion. I am willing that it shall lie upon the table
till to-morrow, informally.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to lay it on the
table peremptorily. I wish to dispose of it at
once.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I demand the yeas and
nays.
A'Senatou. I hope not.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on thejmotion to
lie on the table, and there were for the motion 24,
against it 7.
So the petition was$!aid on the table.
SLAVERY SELECT COMMITTEE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time having
arrived for the special order of the day, the Senate
will now proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Tennessee, which the
Senator from Mississippi has moved to refer to a
select committee of thirteen.
Mr. BERRIEN. As I understand the resolu-
tion now presented on the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi, it does not specify the resolu-
tions which are to be referred.
Mr. FOOTE. I did specify them in my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
recollect that the resolutions of the Senator from
Tennessee were under consideration when the mo-
tion was made by the Senator from Mississippi to
refer them.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, as follows:
"Except the sixth resolution, winch is refprred to the
Committee on Territories, with iostiuctions to report a b, 11
in conformity with said resolution."
The sixth resolution^ in these words: '
Resohed^Thst the constitution recently formed by the
people of the western portion ot California, and presented
to Congress by the President, on the UJth day of February,
3850, be accepted, and that they be admitted into the Union
as a State upon an equal footing in all respects with the ori-
ginal States.
Mr. BENTON. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut yield the floor for one moment ?
Mr. BALDWIN. I will.
Mr. BENTON. My mind has been directed to
the same point as that referred to by the Senator
from Connecticut. I was for proposing an amend-
ment in the same terms, but I afterward thought,
for the purpose of making all sure, and of keeping
the question of the admission of California wholly
unmixed with everything that is going on here, in
connection with the subject of slavery, it would be
preferable to offer the amendment in this shape:
" But nothing in tins resolution shall be construed to
authorize (lie said committee to take into consideration any-
thing which relates to the admission of the State of Califor-
ma into the Union."
P-The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Connecticut accept that'amendment,?
Mr. BALDWIN. I accept it, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The2resolution of
the Senator from Connecticut is modified as fol-
lows 
Mr. CASS. Mr. President' 
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the member from
Michigan permit me to say a word or two ?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. The distinguished member
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] is kind^ enough to al-
low me an opportunity of saying,"that I have no
desire to oppose this resolution of the honorable
member from Mississippi, if[anybody thinks it
necessary, or would be useful. But, fiom what I
have seen, sir, and from what we have all seen
and heard, within the last month, my own per-
suasion is, that no benefit! is likely to arise from
any attempt to draw up a series of resolutions for
the settlement of all the questions now in agita-
tion. I see no hope that such a series of resolu-
tions would pass the two Houses of Congtess.
At the close of'my remarks on Thursday, I sig-
nified that I should take an opportunity" as early
as might be convenient, consistently with the
rights of others, to say what I had to say on the
subject immediately embraced by the resolution
of the chairman of the Committee on the Territo-
ries, [Mr. Douglas,] and the'amendment pro-
posed to it by the honorable member from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton.] Upon the direct subject of
the admission of California, under the circum-
stances, I have not a particle of doubt. I am
clear in the opinion, that the true course—and the
only course of proceeding efficiently—is to keep
that measure separate; and I am prepared to vote
for the admission of California exactly as she pre-
sents herself, with her boundaries precisely as
they are; and 1 hope, in a very short course of
observations addressed to the Senate, to show,
that if the question were now here before us, and
we were ourselves to prescribe boundaries for Cal-
ifornia, we could not make any boundaries for
that State better than are provided for by her
own constitution. In order to make out this, I
propose to say something upon the nature of the
country, the extent of the territory, and whatsoever
else may appropriately belong to the question
of the boundaries of States in that quarter of the
world. In short, I incline to think it expedient—
quite expedient—to nroceed in that course of le-
gislation which the President has suggested, in
his message transmitting the constitution of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. CASS. On this subject, sir, I agree pre-
cisely with what was said by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] I shall
vote for the reference. I should vote for almost
any proposition that had the appearance of bring-
ing this country into harmony upon this perplex-
ing question—almost any proposition that may be
submitted, that has even the appearance of such a
result. I do not see any possible objection to this
course. It commits no one. Il is simply an in-
struction to a committee to inquire into what can
be done.
It does not suspend the operation of the Senate
at all. Its discussions, its debates, its votes, will
go on, as though this question had not been sub-
mitted to a committee. It is one chance more for
terminating this fearful controversy. I agree, too,
with the Senator from Kentucky, in that my hopes
are not strong as to any favorable result to grow
out of this committee. The chances have been
much diminished by the vote taken on yesterday.
If that vote contained any indication of the feel-
ing in this chamber, with regard to the committee
itself, and the benefit to result from it, I am sorry to
say, that I can anticipate very little good from the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote,] relative to the resolutions prepared with
great care, and submitted withgreatgood sense and
excellent good feeling such as have always distin-
guished the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bf.i.l.]
Formyself,I am notpreparedto say whatmy views
will be upon this whole matter. They are not yet
foimed. I say, merely, that this course holds out
one hope the more, and is, therefore, well worthy
of adoption. So far as respects the proposition
connected with Texas, I am myself prepared to
consider it in a spirit of fairness and liberality.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
has said, that a doubt has been suggested with
respect to the disposition of this Senate, and per-
haps of the country, to carry into effect the Texas
guaranties. I believed that that gentleman was
wholly in error. I am sorry to find, from various
indications here, that he was not. For myself,
\ without going into the great question at all, lam
prepared to say, that as long as I have a vote to
give, I will faithfully carry out the spirit of the
articles of annexation; and I will not look behind
1 their guaranties. I will abide by them, and I am
prepared at all times to say so.
But however this proposition may terminate, I
think the country is under lasting obligation to the
Senator from Mississippi for his efforts to ter-
! minate the existing difficulties. While he has
' proved himself true to his own section of the
i country, he has proved himself true to the whole
| country. He has stood up manfully for the rights
■ of the South, but he has stood up, also, for the
i obligations of the Constitution. And I must say,
i] too, that I have seldom seen an instance of greater
i moral courage than has been displayed by him.
|j The distinguished Senator from South Carolina
li occupies, we all know, a high position in the
country; and from the zeal, and energy, and abil-
ity, witfe which he has long advocated the cause of
the South, he has almost rendered himself the rep-
resentative of southern opinions. When, in the
name of that section of country, he advanced
claims which, if persisted in, would have pre-
sented insurmountable obstacles to the amicable
adjustment of these difficulties, the Senator from
Mississippi came forward to disavow the senti-
ments thus advanced. He came as a messenger of
peace, to pour oil upon the troubled waters. He
deserves the gratitude of the country for this noble
effort. I must confess, my own impressions agreed
with the impressions of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi. I thought the speech of the
Senator from South Carolina was calculated to
produce most unfavorable results.
I listened, Mr. President, with great regret, to
the speech of the distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] I am not going to
criticise it—my great respect for that gentleman
will prevent me from doing so. 1 will merely say,
that there was a strange collection of facts, as well
as a strange collocation of them, and that these
were followed by strange conclusions. I think,
Mr. President, I may say, and 1 imagine this
feeling is general in the Senate, that a sombre hue
pervaded his whole speech, in consequence of its
being prepared in the recesses of a sick chamber.
Had he been able to walk abroad in the light of
heaven, and felt the breezes blowing upon him, I
am sure his remarks would not have been as
gloomy, nor the results as desponding. We have
all felt this, sir, and know how to sympathize
with him.
I repeat, that I am not going to criticise the
speech of the honorable Senator; but there was
one expression, 1 remember, which grated harshly
upon my ear. He denominated Washington the
illublrioub southerner! Not the renowned warrior
—not the eminent statesman—not the distinguished
citizen—not the great American—not the beloved
Virginian—but the illustrious southerner! Our
Washington—the Washington of our whole coun-
try—receives in this Senate the epithet of "south-
erner," as if the glory of his name and fame could
be divided or assigned to a single section of his
beloved country—as if that great man, whose dis-
tinguished characteristic was his attachment to his
country, and his whole country, who was so well
known, and who, more than any one, deprecated
all sectional feeling and all sectional action—loved
Georgia better than he loved New Hampshire,
because he happened to be born on the southern
bank of the Potomac. 1 repeat, sir, that I heard
with great pain, that expression from the distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina.
I heard the disavowal of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] with the more grat-
ification, because it was followed by an explanat-
ion from the distinguished Senator from South
| Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] which, though it did
not remove my apprehensions, certainly dimin-
ished them. If the impression which 1, as well as
many others, received, respecting the nature of
these propositions, was correct, the handwriting
upon the wall, "God hath numbered thy king-
dom and finished it," announced with no more
certainty to the wondering King of Babylon the
destruction of his empire, and the termination of
his life, than would these propositions—if the con-
tinuance of our Union depended upon their adop-
i tion—have announced that, "God hath numbered
i our Republic and finished it." To what new
j Medes and Persians we should have been deiiv-
I ered, is known only to Htm who holds in his hands
| the fate of nations.
! We have been three months here,and what have
we done? Nothing. We have not passed a single
law of the least national importance. We have
: occupied the whole time by the discussion of this
: question, and no practical result has been
' ed; and present appearances do not indicate that
' such a result is near. But, though we have done
nothimr, we have ascertained that some things can-
not be done. We have ascertained (I think I may
sav with certainty) that no Wilmot proviso can be
passed through this Congress. That measure is
dead It is the latest, and I hope it is the last, at-
tempt that will be made to interfere with the right
' of self-government within the limits of this Repub-
■ lie I think we may also say, that no Missouri
j compromise line can pass, and that no one expects
I or desires that it should pass.
