518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
Mr. President, what was the compromise line?
Allow me to read the law which established it:
"Sec. 8. Jindhp it further enacted, That in all that ter-
ritory ceded by France to the United States., under the
name of Louisiana, winch he* north of thirty-six degrees
and thirty minutes north latitude, not included within the
limits of the State contemplated by this act, slavery and
involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the punishment of
crimes, whereof the parties shall have been duly convicted,
shall be, and is hereby, forever prohibited."
Now, sir, what is that provision ? It is inter-
vention north of the line of 36° 30', and non-in-
tervention south of that line. Why, sir, there is
riot one southern Senator on this floor, and not
one southern member of the other house, nor in-
deed a southern man who understands the subject,
who would accept that line as a proper settlement
of this question.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I would not.
Mr. CASS. Why, sir, the whole doctrine of
equal rights and of non-intervention is taken away
by it at once. Why, sir, putting out of view the
constitutional objections to such an arrangement,
it gives the South nothing;, while it prohibits the
people north of 36° 30' from exercising their own
will upon the subject. The true doctrine of non-
intervention leaves the whole question to the peo-
ple, and does not divide their right of decision by
a parallel of latitude. If they choose to have sla-
very north of that line, they can have it.
Mr. CALHOUN, (in his seat.) We are very
competent to judge of that matter ourselves.
Mr. CASS. Is there a Senator on this floor
who would accept of a proposition to apply the
piinciple of non-intervention to apart of the terri-
tory} leaving to the people of the other poition to
do as they please ? No, sir; there is not a south-
ern Senator here who would vote for it. I will
tell you, what would be voted for, has already
been announced—a law declaratory, mandatory,
or permissory, for the establishment of slavery
south of the line of 36^30' The distinguished
Senator from South Carolina might be willing to
accept a declaration that slavery does now exist,
or that it shall exist, or may exist, south of a cer-
tain line; but I take it for granted that no Senator
from the South would be willing to abandon the
ground of non-intervention, wuhoutsome provision
like that.
Mr. FOOTE. Permit me freely to say, that I
would no sooner vote for a southern Wilmot pro-
viso than I would for a northern one. 1 rely, and
am content to rely, upon the Constitution, i was
not convinced by the uigument of the Senator
fiom {South Carolina, of the necessity, or expedi-
ency of going fuiiher than that. I irly with en-
tire confidence, upon our Mghu under the Consti-
tution, und rije treaty by which the temtories
weie ucqiuied. i n.sk for no jV^isfauon upon the
subject, but simply that the whole matter be let
alone. I n?:k nothing but the doctrine of non-
intervention.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I will not argue
this point. 1 was about to say, that what the law
is, is a question for the decision of the judiciary;
but what the law whall be, belongs to the legis-
lative department, to declare. If we have the power
to piss a law declaring the existence of slavery,
which is to be attended with any practical result,
we necessarily possess jurisdiction over the whole :
subject-matter We have the same power to pass
a mandatoiy law, commanding the existence of
slavery, as a declaratory one, recognizing its exist-
ence. And 1 will appeal to every Senator, north-
ern or southern, eastern or western, if there is
any probability—I may say, possibility—of such a
law passing this Congress ? No one asks it—no
one expects it. The Missouri compromise line is,
therefore, as much out of the question as the
Wilmot proviso. The fact is, Mr. President, it is j
not any way applicable to the existing state of i
things, though it was applicable to the country j
when it was established, because slavery was then ;
an existing institution, and it was left in force
south of 3(i° 30'. Insuperable objections, there- ,
fore, exist to such an arrangement, where the con- j
dition of the country is entirely changed. j
Well, then, Mr. President, if these things are 1
impossible—if they cannot be done—it remains to !
inquire what it is in our power to do.
My own opinion is, sir, that we should take up !
the bill for the lecapture of fugitive slaves, reported >
by the Judiciary Committee. I dm disposed to '
suspend all our discussions, and to lay aside all :
othsr business, with a view to act upon that bill, i
without 'unnecessary delay, and to pass it in such
form as would be acceptable to a majority of this
body. That is a point upon which the South feels
most acutely, and in regard to which it has the
most serious cause of complaint. I have heard but
one man in this body deny the existence of this
evil, or the justice and necessity of providing an
adequate remedy.
The act of 1793 provided that the State magis-
trates in the various cities and counties of the
Union should carry that law into effect. This
provision has been since rendered nugatory, as
these officers will not now act, and consequently
the judges of the United States alone have juris-
diction over the subject. They are not enough
for that purpose, and the law, therefore, requires
an amendment. 1, for one, am willing to take up
the subject, and provide the necessary means of
carrying the provision of the Constitution into full
effect. Such a procedure would have the very
best effect upon the South at this time. It would
be a pledge of our sincerity, and of our desire to
do justice to that great section of our common
country.
If I understood the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] he intimated his belief that it
was immoral to carry into effect the provision
of the Constitution for the recapture of fugitive
slaves. That, sir, is a very strange view of the
duties of a Senator in this body. No man should
come here who believes that ours is an immoral
Constitution; no man should come here, and, by
the solemn sanction of an oath, promise to sup-
port an immoral Constitution. No man is com-
pelled to take an oath to support it. He may live
in this country, and believe what he chooses with
regard to the Constitution; but he ha.^ no right,
as an honest man, to seek office, and obtain it,
and then talk about its being so immoral that he
cannot fulfill its obligations. It is the duty of
every man, who has sworn to support the Consti-
tution, fairly to carry its piovisions into effect; and
no man can stand up before his fellow-citizens and
maintain any other doctrine, whatever reasons he
may urge in his vindication.
In one of the most disingenuous portions of the
speech of the honorable Senator from New York,
[Mr. SewardJ—which itself was one of the most
disingenuous I have ever heard—he speaks of
" slavery having a reliable and a(commodating ally
in a party of the free States," and he says he
" bears witness to its fidelity to the interests of
slavery."
Now, I ask the Senator from New York, if he
believes there is a man in this Senate from the
North, whose course is influenced by his fidelity
to slaveiy; and if he does, what right he has to
cast odium upon gentlemen who are associated
with him m the high duties which belong to his
position r
Mr. SEWARD. The Senatoraddreases a ques-
tion to me, and I rise for no other purpose than to
answer it. 1 think it was Mr. Jefferson who said
that the natural ally of slaveiy in the South, was
the Democracy of the North*
A Senator. It was Mr. Buchanan.
Mr. SEWARD. I have heard it attributed to
Mr. Jefleison. However this may be, 1 believe
it. I assail the motives of no Senator. I am not
to be drawn into personal altercations by any in-
tenogatones addressed tome. I acknowledge the
patriotism, the wisdom, the purity of every mem- j
ber of thisbody. I never have assailed the motives t
of honorable Senators in any instance, I never shall, j
When my own are assailed, I stand upon my own !
position. My life and acts must speak for me. 1 i
shall not be my own defender or advocate. I
Mr. FOOTE. Do I understand the Senator |
from New York as saying Mr. Jefferson asserted !
that the northern Democracy was the natural ally 1
of slavery ? He never said such a word.
Mr. CASS. I will not touch upon that ques-
tion; but I will ask the Senator from New Yoik in
relation to another point—and that is, if lie meant
it in the sense which Mr. Jefferson, or whoever
may have used it, intended ? The one was in-
tended as a commendation for their attachment to
constitutional principles—the other as a slur upon
a great party.
Mr. SEWARD. I answer promptly and freely:
I had no purpose of casting reproach upon, or of
reflectingupon,any member of this body, or upon
any person anywhere. The remark had no such
connection. I ask leave now to say, that such as
I described, is, in my view, the political organiza-
tion of the parties of this country; that slavery haa
the support, the toleration (given honestly, and
from patriotic motives, I admit) of the party to
which I referred; and that its alliance with slavery
constitutes its tower of strength. On the other
hand, the party to which I belong, is a party which
is more distinctly identified with the progress of
the sentiment of freedom or emancipation, and
therefore it is weaker in its alliances with the South.
I again disavow, as I always shall, any reflections
upon the conduct of Senators here. I know the
motives which govern me. 1 have no reason to
question—I never do question—the motives of
others with whom I am associated.
Mr. DAWSON, (interposing,) Will the Sena-
tor permit me to inquire if I understood him to
say this: that these were the sentiments of the
party to which he belongs? I want to know if he
claims to belong to the Whig party? (Laughter.)
If hedoes, it will be known to every true Whig that
I do not belong to his party, arid 1 hope that when
he speaks for the party to which he belongs, he
will not put under his banner the Whig party of
the United States, the conservative party of this
country, together with the Democratic party,
which 1 admit to be conservative too.
Mr. SEWARD. I will not detain the honora-
ble Senator from Michigan with categorical re-
plies to my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.}
I pretend to speak no man's sentiments, and for
no man but myself. I am a citizen of the United
States. My duty is to promote the welfare, in-
terest, and happiness of the people of the United
States; and I hold, that lean do so in no effectual
way by going alone and independent. That is
always the error of schismatics. Therefore, in
the discharge of my duty, I ally myself to such a
party as I find most approximate to the principles
and sentiments that I entertain. I will do the
Whig party the justice or the injustice to say, that
I have been a member of it all my active life; and
I will do it the great disservice to say, that no
matter what may happen, and who may put me
under the ban, 1 shall be the last to leave it, how-
ever individuals may disown me or the principles I
maintain. I shall adhere to it, because I think, of
the two great parties it is the most devoted to the
cause of freedom and emancipation. I will, how-
| ever, do the Whig party the justice, if it be such,
to say that these sentiments of mine upon that
point, are not in accordance with the sentiments of
that party throughout the whole country—that I
do not profess to speak font, but for myself alone.
I have, however, great hopes that the Whig p^rty,
and the party claiming to be the party of progress,
to which I refer, and ultimately all parties, will
! come to precisely the same conclusions which are
the guide and governing principles of my own
conduct.
Mr. CASS, (resuming.) I was going to remark
that, with lespect to the creed of the Whig party,
or the orthodoxy of the Senator from New York,
it is a matter with which I have no concern; but
with respect to progress, I have something to say.
My progress is within the Constitution. My age
of progress is circumscribed there. If the Senator
from New York is going out of it, I do not believe
in his progress at all. No, sir! My object is to
suppoit the Constitution which, under God, is the
source of our prosperity and happiness.
Mr. SEWARD, (in his seat.) That is mine.
Mr, CASS. The Senator from New York says,
that also is his object. If it is, I think he has a
very strange way of showing it, hy pronouncing
it immoral, and denying the validity of its obliga-
tions. It would last scarcely a day, if that Sena-
tor, with this avowed principle of action, had the
direction of the Government. I do not say that it
would be dissolved immediately, but the seeds of
dissolution would be sown, and would ripen into
a harvest of misfortune as speedily as the rankest
vegetation gains maturity under a tiopical sun.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] has the floor to-day, and I do not wish to in-
terfere with that arrangement. I have not con-
cluded my remarks,and I would move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until to-
morrow, tit half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CALHOUN. I have a few words to say
in reply to the observations of the Senator from
Michigan, and, as it is in reference to a point of
some importance, I desire that what I say shall go
out with his remarks. I regret very much that
