1612
T*ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 20,
that the amendment which he had offered," and
which proposed to give only §10,000 for this pur-
pose—to extend this wing of the building and to
complete the building—would be promptly sup-
portedhy the committee. There was now but one
court-room, and that was furnished by the city
itself. And there was great need of a pfoper place
for the protection and preservation of the records
of the cuurt, and proper facilities for the adminis-
tration of justice. He thought they^were called
_pn by every consideration, by the general sense of
the community, by the unanimous voice of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and by
a proper regard for the District, which had al-
ready at an expense of §70,000 furnished for
the last twenty-five years accommodations for the
courts of the United States, to make this appro-
priation.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to amend the amendment
by inserting $19,000. He said he thought the
House had not looked into the question. Two
years ago he had had occasion to do so, and he
had found that, so far as regarded the account be-
tween the Government and the District of Colum-
bia, the District had been very unjustly treated by
the Government. The citizens of the District
were about the highest taxed people in the United
States. The city had made scores of miles of
streets at its own expense, and had a balance of
seven or eight hundred thousand dollars in the
treasury-more than theGovernmenthad expended.
If the property of the Government in the city of
Washington was taxed at the same rate that the
property of citizens was taxed, it would produce
s revenue of fifty or sixty thousand dollars a year.
Was it just, he would ask, that these people should
build cotjrt-houses for the accommodation of the
United States courts' Tliey were already highly
taxed for other purposes. The United States ought
to build their own court-houses. The Committee
on the District of Columbia had looked into the
matter, and they were of opinion that an appro-
priation ought to be made. And he had no doubt
that if the members of that House would examine
the subject,they would have no hesitation in voting
for the appropriation. He hoped the amendment
wou'd he adopted.
Mr. JONES asked for the reading of the provis-
ions of the act of last session in reference to this
subject, which he sent to the Chair.
1 hey were read by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES. It appears, sir, from the provis-
ions of the act of last session, that there was ap-
propriated §30,000 for the completion of this very
building. And what was the express condition
upon which that appropriation was made? It ap-
pears from the proviso, that there was to be a
sufficient number of rooms set apart in the build-
* ing, for the accommodation of the courts of The
United States, authorized to be held in the Dis-
trict. This was, at the lime, all that was asked.
It was said, according to my recollection, that this
appropriation would complete the building, and
that no more money would be asked for forthat
purpose. Now does anybody supppose that this
nineteen thousand dollars which is now proposed
to be appropriated, if it should be granted, would
compbte that wing of the building. I will ven-
ture to say that it will do no more than make
the excavations and lay the foundation of that
part of the building, and that they will come
back at the next session of Congress, and call
upon us to appropriate fifty or a hundred thou-
sand dollars to complete the work commenced
under the appropriation now asked for. How has
it been with the Patent Office Building? After hav-
ing appropriated a large sum of money for the erec-
tion of suitable buildings, they now come to us and
say, we have expended that money, and unless
you give us more, that which has been already
appropriated will be lost. We want an additional
sum in order to save that which has been already
expended. Unless we have more money, the
money that has been already expended will be
lost: the foundations only are built, and they
must necessarily be destroyed unless the work Be
proceeded with, and in order to proceed we must
^have more money. If we commence by giving
this nineteen thousand dollars towards construct"
ing a wing of the City Hall, we will have eventu-
ally to appropriate something like a hundred
thousand dollars to complete the work. The old
arguments will be brought to bear. You must
appropriate more money, or else what you have
already appropriated will be lost. I hope the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. SWEETSER raised the question, whether
the amendment was in order?
The CHA'K-MAN decided, that it was in
order.
Mr. TAYLOR accepted the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] as a
modification of his amendment.
The question being on the amendment', tellers
were asked and ordered. It was put and decided
in the negative—ayes 60, noes 69.
The item making appropriation for the light-
house establishment being read—
Mr. WHITE moved the following amendment,
viz:
(l And to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to prove
the efficiency and economy of Grant's calcium light for
light-houses, $5,000, to be expended pnder the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the same to be tested on
someone of the principal light-houses on the Atlantic coast."
Mr CARTTER moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking: out the words "Atlantic coast,"
and to insert "Lake Erie."
Mr. EWINGr raised the point of order, that
the amendment was not in order, inasmuch as it
proposed to appropriate money for a new object,
and one not connected with the ordinary expenses
of the Government. The appropriation was for
an experiment-in regard to a new light in regard
to which there had been no law passed.
Mr. WHITE. The appropriation is for the
benefit of light-houses, for which appropriation
is authorized by law.
Mr. EWING. That is true.
Mr. WHITE, (continuing:.) It is for an experi-
ment which may probably save this Government
a considerable expense.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
The item of appropriation for commissions of su-
perintendents of light-houses, being under consid-
eration,
Mr. GR1NNELL moved the following amend-
ment.
" For the pavment of the superintendents of light-houses,
their commissions as heretofore, for their superiRtendence
m the erection of light-houses, beacon lights, and light buoys,
$1,500."
Mr. G. referred to the provisions of the law
which limits the amount of compensation which
collectors of the customs are authorized to receive.
They are required to superintend the light-houses,
an arduous duty imposed on them by the Secretary,
and for this they have not been permitted to re-
ceive any compensation. They had formerly
been entitled to receive an addition to their salary
for that service. He stated that in the settlement
of this branch of the service, the Fifth Auditor
of the Treasury, who had the charge of the ac-
counts of the light-houses, had put a construction
on the law favorable to the claim of the collectors
for a slight additional compensation, but upon the
final adjustment of their accounts, the accounting
officers' had disallowed the claim. He hoped the
amendment would be adopted.
Mr. JONES said he did not profess to understand
much about light-houses, but he believed that
there was but one single, solitary light-house
keeper who wasdisconnected with the customs, and
that mall was somewhere about among the lakes.
The law provides the amount of salary which a
collector of customs shall be entitled to receive,
and the amendment now proposed could be re-
garded in no other light than a violation of the
law, which limits the compensation of a col-
lector of the customs to §6,000. He admitted that
under the old law, the collectors were entitled to
receive an additional $400 for the superintendence
of light-houses. He did not know how they ap-
plied that sum. But every gentleman, on exami-
nation of the existing law, could see that the
amount to which the compensation was now lim-
ited, embraced fees and emoluments of every kind.
Mr. WALDO submitted that the amendment
was not in order.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order,
on the ground that it was not competent for the
House in an appropriation bill to increase salaries
which were fixed by law.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing the following proviso:
" Provided, Tiiat the collectors of customsshatl receivc no
compensation as superintendents of light-houses, or as dis-
bursing agents."
Mr. BAYLY said he made'it a rule never to
move an amendment except under the instructions
of the Committee of Ways and Means. He said
this that the committee migiit always understand
his position when he rose to submit any amend-
ment. He then referred to the law by which the
compensation of collectors of the customs was lim-
ited to §6,000 in every case. Yetnotwithstanding
the existence of the law, collectors had been in the
practice of charging extra sums in the form of com-
missions as superintendents of light-Houses, and
had thus swelled the amount of their salaries be-
yond the limit fixed by law. The object of his
amendment was to prevent all those collectors,
whose compensaiion exceeds $2,500 per annum,
from pursuing this practice hereafter.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. BAYLY" moved to amend the item for su-
perintendents' commissions, by adding the follow-
ing:
"Provided, That the collectors whose compensations ex-
ceed $2,500, sliall receive no compensation as superin-
tendents of lights, or as disbuising agents."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose to sub-
mit a point of order. If it was not in order to
increase in an appropriation bill salaries which had
been fixed by law, neither was it in order to re-
duce salaries fixed by law.
The CHAIR ruled, that to increase salaries in
an appropriation bill was in violation of order, but
that it was in order to move reductions.
Mr. HOLMES appealed from this decision.
The question being taken on the appeal, it was
decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. GRINNELL opposed the amendment. He
thought that if the law limiting the compensation
of collectors was to be subjected to so rigid a con-
struction, collectors would be compelled to aban-
don the superintendence of light-houses to others.
Incompetent individuals might thus be substituted
for those who were competent, while the cost to the
Government would be increased four or five times
above what it had been.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment
bystrikingout"§2,500,"and inserting " §2,000."
He made this motion for the purpose of submit-
ting a remark or two. In the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill of 1841, it was provided that no
collector shall receive, hold, or retain an aggregate
compensation of more than $6,000, including all
commissions, fees, allowances, &c. Yet, in viola-
tion of this express law, it appears from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the collect-
or at New York has been allowed, in addition
to the §6,000 to which his compensation is limited
by the terms of the law, §400 as superintendent of
light-houses. It was just the same, too, at Boston,
and at Philadelphia, and at Baltimore, and at
Charleston, and at New Orleans, and, perhaps, at
other places. Now, it was very clear, therefore,
that some such provision as this, which has been
introduced by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, has become necessary to arrest
this practice. The gentleman from Massachusetts
had suggested that if we adopt this amendment,
the collectors will not discharge the duties re-
quired of them. Well, and if they did not, there
are plenty in the country who would be glad to
take the places and perform the duties. And the
Secretary of the Treasury would feel it to be his
duty, whenever any collector refused to discharge
the duties of his office, to relieye him from the
care and responsibility of the office, and get some
other person to take his place.
Mr. HOLMES said a few words, if) an indis-
tinct tone, on the importance of the light-house
duties, and the impolicy of taking the care of them
out of the hands of men of fidelity and capacity,
and transferring them perhaps' to incompetent and
crazy individuals. He adverted to the daily risks
to which our commerce was subjected, and of the
claim which the commercial interests of the coun-
try had on the Government for effectual protection.
He could not believe that any one who was con-
nected with commerce would be willing to cripple
this service. He also referred to the false views
of economy which could influence men to abridge
the efficiency of this system for the object of
saving a few dollars.
The amendment to the amendment was then re-
jected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend by striking out
twenty-five hundred and inserting the words
