1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
the state -of my health does not permit me to enter
fully into the argument, and that { shall be under
the necessity of economizing1 my words, as well as
my strength.
Mr. President, the Senator could not have
heard me with more regret, make the declaration
to which he has alluded, than f have heard him
this morning msdce the declaration which he has
made. Sir, the Senator and myself have two dis-
tinct and different conceptions as to the mode of
savins: this Union. His whole course has been a
course of palliatives. And, sir, of all courses,
that is far the worst. Why, sir, you might as
well treat a cancer, that is about striking into a
vital part, with palliatives, as to treat this question
with palliatives. No, sir! my idea has been from
the first, that it was a disease that would be fatal
if not finally arrested; and I have acted upon that
impression. If I am wrong, it is because the im-
pression is wrong; and in order to arrest it, it is
necessary at every stage of it, to undetstand the
real causes and progress of the disease, and the
causes by which it endangers the Union. In my
late speech, which the Senator has heard with
such profound regret—and I am amazed that my
meaning should be so utterly misunderstood by
the honorable Senator from Michigan—I stated
simply, and in as few words as 1 could, what
would certainly* according to my judgment, save
the Union, promote conciliation, and restore har-
mony and good feeling throughout ail sections of
the Union. That was the amount of what I said.
Now, I ask, can the Senator believe that the South
is safe, while one portion of the community hold
entire possession of the power of the Government,
to wield it for their own benefit, in any manner
they please, and while they see fit to interfere be-
tween the two sections of the Union? Can any
man believe that the South is safe while this state
t)f things exists? No man can say that he be-
lieves it. I do not, at least; and, therefore, all the
wonder of the honorable Senator upon that point
may cease. But the Senator says, it is impossible
to comply with the requisition of giving us a new
constitutional guaranty. Well, that very decla-
ration goes to show 
Mr, CASS. The honorable Senator entirely
mistakes. I certainly did not say anything of the
kind.
Mr. CALHOUN. I said, in my remarks the
other day, that such amendment in the Constitu-
tion must be made as would give to the South 
Mr. CASS. The Senator will pardon me, I
have not alluded to the subject of an amendment
to the Constitution. I was coming to it, however,
and should have spoken of it before concluding
my remarks. I should prefer, therefore, that the
distinguished Senator from South Carolina should
hear me before he undertakes to reply.
Mr. CALHOUN. I understood the argument
of the Senator as leading to that.
Mr. CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
defer his remarks until to-morrow morning.
Mr. CALHOUN. 1 do not know that an op-
portunity will then be afforded me of saying what
1 desire to say upon this point. The Senator
says that new guaranties cannot be given by
amendments to be made in the Constitution. Sir,
1 insist that that is the legal and constitutional
mode—it is the mode pointed out by the Constitu-
tion itself. Why, who ever before heard of such
a suggestion as, that to amend the Constitution
would be treason? It shows a state of feeling
existing in the mind of the Senator which, in my
opinion, is inconsistent with judicious action.
I intended to branch off here, and to show, that
the distinguished Senator, if this Union is ever to
be dissolved, will have contributed his full share
to its dissolution; that the very entanglement we
are now in, originated in the last Presidential elec-
tion, and, as I think I have demonstrated, origin-
ated in a violation of the Constitution, and in a
violation and disregard of the sovereignty of the
States. Whenever the Senator chooses to go into
a discussion upon this point, I am ready to meet
^Mr. President, I must necessarily abbreviate
what 1 have to say. The distinguished Senator
heard me with painful feelings designate Washing-
ton as the illustrious Southerner. Why, the Sen-
ator ought to remember, that every effort has been
made to take Washington out of our hands; but it
seems that the morality of the present time is, that
the assailant is p&rfectly inno^gpt, and the assailed
the only guilty party. Yes, sir! it was endeavored
"to take him out of our hands; and we are to be
stigmatized as disunionists, and his message—his
farewell address—to be quoted against us, while I
venture to assert, that the greater part of that mes-
sage bears directly upon the assailants, and not the
assailed. It was to meet this, that I reminded the
Senate and the world—arrtl rightly reminded them
—that Washington was an illustrious Southerner;
he was not the less an illustrious American; but 1
must say, that the whole proceeding here, for the
last fifteen years, has been such that, if carried out
and consummated, as it will be, unless some defi-
nite understanding is arrived at, the end of the
whole will be the holding up of Washington as a
miserable slaveholder. I do not insinuate that
Washington should be regarded exclusively as a
southern man; I only say, we have a right to claim
him as an illustrious Southerner, for he was a
southern man—a southern planter—and we do not
intend that he shall be taken out of our hands.
Mr. President, with these remarks, I will con-
tent myself for the present, without detaining the
Senate further.
Mr. CASS. One word, Mr. President, for I do
not wislmto be misunderstood: I have not uttered
a syllable in legard to the Constitution, or the con-
stitutional amendment suggested by the distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina—not a word.
The honorable Senator supposed that I had ar-
raigned him for seeking a constitutional amend-
ment. Such an idea never entered my head; and
allow me to tell the Senator, that that was not the
difficulty at all.
Mr. CALHOUN. What was it, then ?
Mr. CASS. The ground upon which it was
put by the honorable Senator was, that if a guar-
anty were not given to the South, by an amend-
ment to be mude to the Constitution, it would be
fatal to the country.
Mr. CALHOUN. Certainly; it would, in the
end, be fatal.
Mr. CASS. But the honorable Senator said it
must be done immediately, or it would be fatal to
the interests of the country.
Mr. CALHOUN. No, sir; that is not the lan-
guage 1 used.
Mr. CASS. I beg the honorable Senator's par-
don; it is so stated in the specch*. " If the question
' is not now settled," says the Senator, u it is un-
{ certain whether it can ever be settled hereafter."
Mr. CALHOUN. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. And one of the processes by which
it is to be done is, by amending the Constitution.
There were two points stated by the honorable
Senator. One was, that there must be an amend-
ment made to the Constitution—and I merely men-
tion this because it excited some surprise in my
mind—and the other, that the admission of Cali-
fornia be mode a test question.
Mr. CALHOUN. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. That if California were admitted,
it would be followed by a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. CALHOUN. No, sir. I wish the Sena-
tor would read the remarks I made in reference to
that point.
Mr. CASS. I will read them, sir, with pleasure;
" It the question is not now settled, is uncertain whether
it over can hereafter he; and wo, as the iepre>entativi!& of
tiie States of thjs (Jiuon, levari!I'd as governments, should
come to a distinct understanding as to our respective view-,
in order to ascertain whether the ereat questions tit is«ue can
be settled or not. If you who repre-eut the stroi>2< r por-
tion, cannot agree to settle thera <>n the hroad principle* of
justice and duty, say and let the Sutes we both rcpre
sent agree to separate and part m peace. If you are un-
willing we shoyjd part in peace, tell us>o,,md we shall know
what to do when you reduec the quotion to submission or
j resistance. If you remain silent, you will compel us to in-
fer what you intend. In that case, California will br-come
the test qupftion."
Mr. CALHOUN. Read on—read tlie whole.
Mr. CASS. I will, sir.
"It you admit her, under alt the difficulties that oppose
her admission, you compel us to infer that you intend to
exclude us from the whole of the acquired terntorie-.with
the intention of destroying, irretrievably, the equilibrium
between the two sections. We would be blind not to pei-
eetve, in that case, that your real objects are power and
aggrandizement, and infatuated not to act accordingly."
Now, is there a Senator here who does not know
what that means? i do not affirm that it is ob-
jectionable to propose an amendment to the Con-
stitution. Par from it—that is one of the most
harmless things in the world; but the admission
| of California, according to the honorable Senator,
j is to be made a test question; and it went to my
| heart's core when I heard the declaration, for I
knew very well, if that was to be a test question—
if such was the sentiment of the South—the Union
was gone. An immediate amendment of the Con-
stitution, I consider almost impossible. I do not
say that amendments may not be made; iyH it
should be done omly under the pressure of extreme
cases, and extreme difficulties; for if we com-
mence to make changes and alterations, he who is
the Ruler of nations, alone knows what changes
may be made, and what sort of a Government this
will become.
In commenting on the honorable Senator's re-
marks, I have connected these two subjects—the
amendment of the Constitution now or at a rea-
sonable time, and the point that was made by him,
that the admission of California was to be a test
question.
Mr. CALHOUN. I must say there has been a
strong disposition manifested on the part of the
honorable Senator, to misconstrue my expres-
sions—and plain expressions they are. The Sen-
ator says 1 asserted, that a dissolution of the
Union would follow the admission of California.
I did not assert that. I stated that it ought to be
considered a test question; but I leave it to my
constituents to determine what course they will
take. Let the gentleman give the words I used,
and I am willing to stand by them; but he must
not expect me to be responsible for his interpreta-
tion of them. Well, in regard to the word "now,"
I did not intend to be understood as asserting that
the amendment must be made instanter, but that
an indication should be given now, that such
amendment would be agreed to, and let it then be
carried through the ordinary process.
Mr. FOOTE. I promise not to occupy the at-
tention of the Senate long. Senators will perceive
that my position is rather a peculiar one. I am
certainly exposed to misapprehension, in conse-
quence of what has fallen from the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, if I do not make some
explanation. He undertakes to express surprise
at the course I have pursued, in protesting against
certain portions of his speech the other day, when
he must know, that there are but few persons,
here, or anywhere, who do not understand the
speech of the honorable Senator precisely as I
understand it—nor a member of the other Hou3e
who did not understand it m the same way. In
fact, I have onty declared what is the plain inter-
pretation of the speech. But the honorable Sena-
tor is surprised that I should take the liberty of
guaiding myself, and those associated with him
in this great contest, against that misconstruction
of our motives and plans, which I did believe
would arise in the public mind, if no seasonable
effort were made to guard against it. Why, sir, I
hoped, as I said at the time, in giving the honor-
able Senator an opportunity to explain, that a ready
explanation would be afforded, that would satisfy
the country. But I must say, his explanation was
not entirely satisfactory to me or to others; for what
do we now hear from the honorable Senator?
He frankly avows that he did intend to raise an
additional issue—a new issue—without consulting
other Senators from the South, who were equally
involved in this contest, with himself, and who
were entitled to be conferred with, before so im-
portant a movement was hazarded. This issue
has not been openly made known to any portion
of the South; nor is any one here, besides the
honorable Senator himself, able at this moment to
make known the precise constitutional amendment
at which the honorable gentleman is aiming. I
have said, and must continue to say, that the hon-
orable gentleman, throughout this proceeding, has
not acted with his accustomed discretion, and,with-
out intending it, has done serious injustice to some
of his most confiding friends, in undertaking to
make, an issue of this sort—of this vital character—
without consulting them beforehand. To speak
plainly, I almost felt that a noose was put around
my neck, while asleep, and without having ante-
cedently obtained my consent. Never did the
honorable Senator, on any former occasion, an-
nounce the necessity of raising this new issue; and
the whole country will be found entirely unpre-
pared for it. Now, sir, what would be the prob-
able effect of the honorable Senator's conduct in
this affair, had I not interposed in the manner now
complained of? The honorable Senator has had
it in his power for several years past, to propose
the amendment of the Constitution, of which he
seems now solicitous; but he has made no sucn
