1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161$
"twenty-four hundred," for the purpose of ma-
kh ga-remark; but
The CHAIR suggested, that the modification of
his own amendment„being exclusively within his
own power, he could not make any remarks with-
out violating the rule.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
strike out twenty-five hundred and insert twenty-
four hundred. He did this for the purpose of ex-
pressing his surprise at the fact declared by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the
law limiting the compensation of collectors to six
thousand dollars had been evaded by the construc-
tion of the accounting officers of the Treasury.
He antieipated.no difficulty in obtaining fit per-
sons to fill the office, should the present collectors
be dissatisfied with the amount of salary.
Mr. BAYLY opposed the amendment, for the
purpose of reiterating', that should the contingen-
cies feared by the gentleman from Massachusetts
occur, the offices could soon be filled with compe-
tent incumbents. He said the superintendence of
the light-houses was a duty peculiarly appropriate
to the custom-hftuse, because it was there that in-
formation was always sought, and there was the
centre of commerce, tie did not imagine that any
collector, for the paltry consideration of four hun-
dred dollars, would be willing to neglect the du-
ties which the Secretary would require of him.
Mr. FULLER inquired if there were not com-
missions to which the collector was entitled?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that there were two and
a half percent. "We are desirous that when the
compensation of collectors come up to uventy-five
hundred dollars, they should no longer be entitled
to these little pickings. Where the salaries were
below that point he had no objection.
„ The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question being on the amendment moved
by Mr. Bayly, and tellers being demanded,
Messrs. Featherston and Morton were ap-
pointed tellers. The question was then taken and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 75, noes 46.
Mr. BAYLY said hfe was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move the fol-
lowing amendment.
" For the repair of damages occasioned by the late storm,
to the Jiglu-liouse on Biaudjwine Shoals, $2,000."
The estimates, he said, of the Engineer Depart-
ment showed that three thousand dollars were
necessary to complete the light-house. But it
appeared that the storm which occurred during
the last month on the coast, had done so much
damage, that the Engineer Department considered
that it would require $2,OUO to repair that damage.
The question was taken on the amendment and
it was adopted.
The Clerk read the foliowing^tem, viz :
<e For the completion of the Marine Hospital at Pittsburg,
now under construction, $>*10,149 4-2."
Mr. McCLERNAND said he desired to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means 
The CHAIRMAN of the Committee of the
Whole interposed. Does the gentleman propose
any amendment ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Yes, sir; I propose to
reduce the appropriation to $9,000. i recollect
some years ago officers were appointed to make
an examination into this subject. But I wish to '
know from the chairman of the Committee of '
Ways and Means, under what resolution or law
these appropriations are made?
Mr. BAYLY. They are made under the law
of Congress which authorizes and requires the
erection of these hospitals. And the appropria-
tion heie asked for is to complete a building not
only under way, but nearly finished.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he wished to know
if this appropriation was authorized by a perma-
nent law? and if so, when that law was passed? j
Mr. BAYLY. There is a law authorizing |
the building of these hospitals and specifying j
where they shall be built. For instance: one at ,
Pittsburg, one at Louisville, one at Napoleon, and i
one at Dubuque. i
Mr. McCLERNAND. The point is this: The i
report recommends the establishment of hospitals ;
at various places. Now, among these, there is 1
the hospital at the junction of the Ohio and the i
Mississippi rivers. I wish to know why an ap- ,
propriation is not made for that place? ]
Mr. BAYLY. The reason why there is no ap- j
propriation in this bill for an hospital at Cairo is, ,
because,Congress has not passed any law author-
izing one there. The one at Pittsburg is author-
ized by law.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that, according to
his recollection, there was no permanent law au-
thorizing the erection of hospitals at all. The au-
thority for their erection derived its existence from
the appropriation bill's alone. And he wished to
know why an appropriation was not made for an
hospital at Cairo? He appealed to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] formerly chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to know
whether the authority lor the erection of these
hospitals did not exist alone in the appropriation
bills? The appropriations, he believed, were
made for this object upon the report of the officer
appointed to investigate the subject, without being
specifically provided for by any permanent law.
This being the case, and Cairo having been rec-
ommended as a suitable place for an hospital, he
was at a loss to know why no appropriation was
made for the erection of an hospital at that glace.
Mr. VINTON remarked, that the appropriations
here proposed were for completing works that were
already m progress.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,]
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to know wheth-
er it will be in order to move an appropriation for
the erection of an hospital at Cairo? I believe that
is one of the places that is reported as being a
suitable place for the erection of an hospital.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman make
any motion?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Yes, sir. I move to
insert:
11 For the erection of an hospital at the junction of the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, $20,000."
It is unnecessary for me, sir, to add anything
to what I have already said on this subject. In
reference to the fitness of the place, and the ne-
cessity for an hospital there, there can be but one
opinion.
Mr. SWEETSER raised the point of order,
whether this amendment was in order, there being
no existing law authorizing the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment
was not in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
(( For the erection of a marine hospital at Memphis, Ten-
nessee, {§90,003."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WOODWARD moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BO WLIN rose (he said) to offer an amend-
ment, which was this: To add an appropriation
for the St. Louis hospital of $10,000, in order to
put it upon an equal footing with the hospitals
at other places. He was at a loss to know how
it happened, that in making appropriations for
these hospitals St. Louis had been overlooked.
She seemed always destined to be left out. The
appropriation that was made last year was intro-
duced in the form of an amendment, the appro-
priation having been entirely omitted in the bill
as reported fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means. And this year it was left out again.
Mr. McCLERNAND. My complaint is the
same in regard to Cairo.
Mr. BO WLIN. But no hospital has been es-
tablished at Cairo.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It was reported upon
favorably.
Mr. BOWLIN. At St. Louis an hospital is
being erected, and what I desire is, that it shall be
placed upon an equal footing with the hospitals at
other places.
Mr. BAYLY. The law providing for the erec-
tion of these hospitals places them under the
charge of the Corps of Engineers; and there are
officers of that corps of as high rank as colonel,
who have the management of them. By the officer
in charge at St. Louis, there was no appropriation
asked for: that is the reason why none was in-
serted in the bill.
Mr. BO WLIN. The difficulty is this: The
location has to be approved by the Secietary of
War, and he withheld his approval of the location
of the hospital at St. Louis until this Spring; con-
sequently the work was not commenced until this
Spring. If it had been commenced last'year, the
appropriation would have been expended. It is
nearly exhausted now.
Mr. BAYLY.'The gentleman's explanation
shows that there is no necessity for an appropria-
tion at present for St. Louis.. He says if the
work had been commenced last year the funds
would have „been expended, but that it was not
commenced until this Spring, and the money has
not all been expended. That is the very reason
why we do not proppse to appropriate any r^oney
for that place at this time.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. ALBERTSON moved to amend the bill by
appropriating $20,000 for the erection of a NavaL
Hospual at Evansville, Indiana.
Mr. A. pressed the amendment in a few re-
marks.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order,
there being no law authorizing it.
Mr. POTTER offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the- end of the appropriation
for improving the Hospital at Cleveland, viz:
" For fencing, planting trees, and shrubbery, $1,000.
This was but a small appropriation, he said,
but together with the labor of the seamen he
thought it would be sufficient to accomplish the
purpose.
Mr. STANLY inquired if the amendment was
in order?
The CHAIRMAN ruled that it was not in
order.
Mr. POTTER appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question being put, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" it was decided m the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The following item was read by the Clerk, viz:
"For the purchase of Greenwood Island, near Pa^ca-
goula, Mississippi, lately made by the. Surgeon General,
under the order ot Geneial Twiggs, for the location oi a
military hospital, $-5,000."
Mr. McCLERNAND raised the question of
order whether this item of appropriation could be
entertained by the committee? it did -not appear
(he said) that General Twiggs had any authority
to purchase this island. There was a total ab-
sence of any evidence of the existence of any
authority of law for making this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
on the ground that the Committee of the Whole
had no right to decide what had been inserted by
the Committee of VVays and Means to be inadmiss-
ible. That could only be done in, the House*
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to strike
out the clause relating to the purchase of Green-
wood I4and. And he did so, he said, upon the
ground that General Twiggs was not authorized
by law to order the Surgeon General to make the
purchase for any purpose whatever. If General
Twiggs could order the Surgeon General to pur-
chase this island for a purpose of this sort, he
could, on the same principle, authorize him to
purchase a whole State. The main purpose of
these appropriation bills was to appropriate money
for objects authorized by existing laws. There
was no law authorizing the purchase of this island,
and the appropriation ought not to be made.
Mr. BAYLY referred to the law appropriating
§100,000 for the purpose of preparing quarters lor
the sick and'wounded of our aimy returning from
the Mexican war. General Twiggs was directed
to find some suitable spot for the purpose in the
neighborhood of New Orleans. He went to Pass
Christian, but the people on the mam land object-
ed, and he then sought furtherand selected Gieen-
wood Island as a suitable spot. General Twiggs
obtained this island, and about §14,000 had been
since expended in the erection ot buildings. The
gentleman was right as to the ground he had
Taken—General Twiggs had clearly no authority
to buy this ground, and we are now called upon
here to give him that authority by buying the
island for the use of the Government. General
■Twiggs had stated that he considered it to be his
duty to possess himself of the spot for the pur-
pose, and he was wiliing to pay for it.
Mr. McCLERNAND referred to the remark
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that General Twiggs had no authority to
purchase the island, and asked wbether the hon-
