4.
Mft4
fttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOMi]
Aug. 20,
enable, chairman knew that there was an act re-
quiring that no property should be purchased for
the United States until the validity of the title was
Established ?
Mr. B^lYLY stated that the United States At-
torney of Louisiana had examined this title, and
pronounced it to be good. The title doubtless was
good in the vendor. The officers who made the
purchase were acting in violation of law.
Mr; JONES moved to strike out " 15,000," and
to insert "$1."
He then proceeded to give a history of the law,
and the proceedings in relation to the construction
of the quarters on Greenwood Island, stating that
when the bill was passed appropriating $10i()i000*
for the erection of quarters for the sick and wound-
ed soldiers, the Secretary of War, Mr. Marcy,
or.dered General Twiggs to examine Pass Christian
and other places in that vicinity, for the purpose
of finding a suitable spot for the erection of bar-
lacks. The Surgeon General went to Pass Chris-
tian, where he found the citizens hostile to his
purpose. He then went to Greenwood Island,
containing about one hundred acres, and thns he
selected as a proper situation. The Surgeon Gen-
eral probably then made a contract for the pur-
chase of the island. Aftervva.ds General Twiggs,
accompanied by General Dusenberry, as his
Quartermaster General, arrived there; and Ordered
the Surgeon General to continue his arrangements.
When the accounts were brought to the depart-
ment for settlement, the accounting officers' of the
Treasury refused to allow the item for the pur-
chase of the island, and the Secretary of War sus-
tained this refusal, alleging that General Twiggs
had no light to make-the purchase. He under-
stood that the property was worth more than the
price paid for it The Surgeon General offered to
take it at $5,000, and he thought it would be the
best course if Congress would let him have it, and
so lose the other $10,000. We had received no
valid tide, and han no authority to hold it from
the State in which it lies.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the
whole case was comprised in a nutshell. The
island had leen bought without the authority of
law. It htfd been purchased at a price below its
valqe. Surgeon General Lawson was willing to
give more for it than it had cost. There was
no particular impropriety in the act of purchasing
the property. Government ought to have some
point where she can collect her troops; and this is
perhaps the most healthy place in that vicinity.
There are thousands along the coast who would
be jflad to purchase the island from us.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the committee
rise, but subsequently withdrew the motion.
Mr. JONES moved to amend by striking out
u ten'* and inserting " five." He only did this
for the purpose of suggesting to the committee,
that out of the §500,000 which had been granted
for these objects, General Brooke had expended
some $200,000, which will come up here by and
by for the sanction of Congress.
Mr. HALL opposed the amendment, because
he regarded the whole proceedmgas in violation of
law. There was no authority given for the pur-
chase of the island, nor for the erection of any
pcinmnent quarters. It was the object of the
Government only to have temporary occupation
there. He admitted that the island was obtained
at alow rate; but if we retained it, we should
soon be "called on to pay for the erection of walls,
and forts, and arsenals; works which experience
taught us when once begun were never finished.
This purchase had been" made by a military offi-
cer in violation of Jaw.
Mr BAYLY said that not a dollar had been
expended in the purchase of the island.
Mr. McCLERN AN D modified his amendment.
He went into the facts of the case, asserting
that the whole transaction was a violation of law.
Mr. BAYLY replied with some warmth, when,
The committee rose and reported progress, and,
on motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Augmt 20, 1850.
Mr. GREENE presented a memorial of the
committee of the Boston Society of Natural His-
tory, setting forth that the interests of science and
the advancement of practical knowledge of value
to the country, require that the commissioner
having charge of the boundary between California
and New Mexico, should be aided in his explora-
tion by a corps of experienced and scientific natu-
ralists, and asking that an appropriation be granted
to carry the same into effcct; which was referred
to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of W.
B. Hart, the assignee of Anderson, Forrester, Cobb
& Pickens, setting forth his belief that he has an
equitable if not legal claim upon the Government of
theUnited States, for money growing outof a con-
tract between the Government and parties, for the
removal of certain Choctaw Indians, made in Sep-
tember, 1844; that the commissioner, after a la-
borious investigation, has determined that he
views the claim only as an equitable one,and~that
it is beyond his power to pay it, ar.d that the only
remedy is an application to Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr^ CHASE presented five memorials, viz:
four from citizens and electors, ministers of the
Gospel, physicians, and other classes of persons,
in Cleveland, Ohio, and one from Barington and
vicinity, m the county of Washington, Pennsyl-
vania, all asking that no State may hereafter be
admitted whose constitution does not expressly
prohibit slavery; which were received and ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, five memorials, four from the same place
in Ohio, and one from the same place in Pennsyl-
vania, asking that Congress will repeal all laws
authorizing slavery in the District of Columbia, or
remove the seat of Government therefrom; which
were received and oidered to he on the table.
Also, six memorials from the same place in Ohio,
one from the county of Gloucester, in New Jeisey,
and one from Washington county, Pennsylvania,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
prohibited by Congress in all the Territories of the
United States; which were received and ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, five memorials, four from the same place
in Ohio, and one from the same in Pennsylvania,
requesting that provision be made by law that
whenever a person shall be arrested as a fugitive
slave in any State other than that in which he is
alleged to be held in service, he shall not be de-
livered to the claimant or his agent except on the
finding of a jury; all of which were received and
ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
Ordered, Tim the petition of John G. Mount be referred
to the Committee on Pervious.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which were referred the
proceedings of a meeting of the Medical and Cht-
rurgical Faculty of Maryland, at the annual con-
vention held at Easton, in that State, relative to
the rank of surgeons' m the army and navy, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, on the ground that the rank of surgeons
in the. army was already established by law, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the "Joint resolution from the House of
Representatives explanatory of certain acts therein
mentioned/' reported back the same with an
amendment, striking out, in the 17th line, the
words " or from disease contracted;" thus making
the provisions applicable only to those who may
hereafter die of wounds received while in service.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on -Com-
merce, to which were referred the several memo-
rials of merchants and other citizens of New
Orleans, in relation to an extension of the port of
New Orleans, reported a bill to extend the port*of
New Orleans; which was read.
Mr. SOULE asked the unanimous consent of
the Senate to allow the bill to have its second
reading then; and no objection having been made,
the bill was read a second time and considered in
Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
having been proposed, it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred the documents
relative to the claim of Ebenezer Dumont, for a
horse killed in Mexico, and the bill for the relief
of Ebenezer Dumont, reported back the bills with-
out amendment.
.Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which were referred the resolutions
of the State of Texas, relative to the payment-of
certain volunteer companies for services on the
western frontier of the State, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
BOOKS FOR THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the joint resolution from the House No. 20, being
the joint resolution instructing the Secretary of
State to furnish the State of Alabama duplicates
of the books and documents heretofore supplied
by Congress, and which were destroyed by the
recent burning of the capitol of said State.
On motion by Mr. C., the joint resolution was
amended and reported to the Senate, and the
amendment concurred in, and no further amend-
ment having been proposed, the amendment was
ordered to be engrossed and the resolution to be
read a third time.'
MILITARY ROAD IN ARKANSAS.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider Senate bill No. 270, being
the bill to grant the right of way and making a
grant of land to the State of Arkansas in aid of
the completion of the military road from Memphis
to St. Francis.
Mr. S. moved to amend the bill by striking out all
after the enacting clause,and in ser ting the!follo wing:
"That the right of way through the public lands be and the
samoi- hereby granted to the State of Arkansas for the con-
struction and completion of the military road from a point
on the Mississippi nver, opposite Memphis, m the Stale of
Tennessee, aj the same ha.* been cut out and surveyed, 10
Strong's, on the St. Fiance nver, in the State of Ai Kansas,
with the right also to take necessary materials of eairh,
stone, and timber, from the public lands of die United States
adjacent to said road far the construction thereof: Prowied,
That the right of way s-haii not exceed one hundred fret in
width. And a copy of the suivey of said road, heretofore
made under the authority of the United States, shall he foi-
warded to the proper local land offices respectively, and to
the General Land Office at Washington city, wtthm six
months after the passage of this act. And trie said "military
road, <o far as constructed, cut out, or surveyed, with the
rights and privileges appertaining thereto, are herehv-sur-
rendered and relinqui-hed to the said State, to be completed
as hereinafter provided.
"Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That theie be and is
hereby granted to the State of Arkan-as,for the purpose of
aiding in making the road aforesaid, evt-ry alternate section
of land designated by even numbers, for one section in width
on each side of said road; but in case it >h,ill appear that the
United States have sold any partof any section hereby giant-
ed,or that the right of preemption has attached to the sam",
then it shall be lawful for any agent or agents, to be ap-
pointed by the Governor of said State, to select, subject to
the appiovn] of the Secretary of the Inteiior, from the lands
ol the United States most contiguous to the tier of .sections
above specified, so nwch land ui alternate cection-. oi p^its
of sections, as shall be equal to such lands as the United
States have sold, or to which the right ot preemption )<ac at-
tached, as aforesaid; which land* beum equal in quantity to
one half of one section m width, on each side of said road,
the State of Aikansas shall iiave and hold to and lor the use
and purpose aforesaid: I'roviileO, That trie lands to be so lo-
cated shall ill no case be fuitiler than fifteen miles from tiie
line of the load: Provided, farther, That the lands hereby
granted shall be apphedln the construction and completion
of .said roafa, and shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses, and shall be applied to no other purpose whatsoever:
Jind provided,further, That any and ail lands reserved to the
United States by any act of Congiess for the purpose ol aid-
ing m any object of internal impinvement, or iri any manner,
for any other purpose whatsoever,he and the same arehete-
hy reserved to the United States Ir'om the operations of this
art, exceptso lar as it may be found necessity to use and
enjoy the light of way on the route of said road tin ough such
re?,erved land<.
u Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States, within one miJe on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for les* than double the minimum
price of the public land* when sold.
" Sec. 4 Jir«1 be it further enacted. That the said lands
hereby granted to the said Slate shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature thereof, tor the purposes aforesaid,
and no otln/r; and the said road shall be and remain a public
highway, for the use of the Government oi the United States,
tree trom toll or other charge upon the transpoitation of the
mails oi any public property or troops, by oi under contiact
with the United States.
u Sec. 5 Jlnd be it farther enacted, That, if the said road
shall not be completed within ten ais, the said State of Ar-
kan^asshall be hound to pay to the United States the amount
winch may be received upon the saie of any partof said
lands by said State, the title to the purchasers under said
State remaining valid arid the title to the residue of said
lands shall reinvest in the United States, to have and hold
the same m the same manner as if this act had not been
passed."
The amendment having been concurred in, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and no further
amendment having been proposed, it was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
