520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
movement, nor intimated his intention to do so at
any future time. He knows well, that the meet-
ing of the great Nashville Convention is but little
more |than two months distant, and that, mean-
while," this contest between the free and slave*
States of the Union, is waxing; still warmer and
more warm—that the excitement on the unad-
justed questions, growing out of the subject of
slavery, is becoming every day more and more
intense. Yet he has deliberately undertaken to
throw this new issue before the country, when he
knows that it is only calculated to increase our
difficulties, add to the existing: irritation, and post-
pone, if not utterly defeat, all satisfactory settle-
ment. Meanwhile, the honorable Senator is not
only engaged in thus obstructing all compromise,
but is heard to denounce the very name of com-
promise. He is actively opposing, at this mo 
ment, the raising of the committee of thirteen,
proposed by me.
Wow he must know, that if, in the next two
months, something is not done, the Nashville Con-
vention will have al! the questions, which are at
present the subject of discission here, before that
high tribunal for final decision—at least so far as
the South is concerned. Does he not perceive, that
the very delay wh;ch he is now producing, may
devolve upon that body a most fearful responsibili-
ty, only to be avoided, if possible, consistently with
southern honor and southern safety? Suppose
the excitement to which I have alluded continue
its progress, and that certain healing influences had
not been interposed—as I rejoice that they have
been—suppose r.o such conciliatory and patriotic
speeches as have emanated from gentlemen in both
houses of Congress had been made—I appeal to
the Senator, and to all men, if the Nashville Con-
vention had been permitted to assemble, with this
new issue submitted to them under such circum-
stances, whether it is not likely that the honorable
Senator's influence would have been potential
enough to induce the convention to demand that
such a change in the Constitution as he desires
ishould be accorded? Had such a demand as an
amendment of the Constitution been made, does
not the Senator well know that it would have been,
in the present temper of the public mind, wholly
impossible to be effected ? And had the demand
been formally made and refused, does he doubt—
does any one doubt—that a dissolution of the
Union would have occurred ? I do not charge im-
proper motives to the honorable Senator—1 never
nave done so; yet I hold it not improper for me to
express surprise, that the honorable Senator should
have failed to place the only interpretation upon
his own word-, of which they seemed susceptible.
The Senator knows that no man is more devoted
to the South than I am, but I admit the right of no
man to make a grave issue for the people whom I
represent here, or for myself, without consulting
cither them or me, especially if, in my judgment,
that issue not only puts the Union m serious and
unnecessary danger, (whether intended or not,)
but subjects the cause, which I have been so long
endeavoring to sustain, to certain overthrow. |
The honorable Senator from Illinois will please '
accept my thanks for the couitesy cxcrcised by j
him, in allowing me this opportunity of explana- j
tion. ,
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator from Missis- i
fuppi, in his ardor, much mistakes. He has just I
declared, solemnly, that I was engaged—as if he 1
knew the fact—in preparing a compromise, and
was also opposed to this committee.
Mr. FOOTE. Has the honorable Senator not
told me that he was opposed to this committee?
Did lie not say to others that he was opposed to
it? This is a fact which he cannot deny.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am opposed to raising a
committee at the present time; but I have inva-
riably said, that if any gentleman desired to have
a committee at the close of the debate, I would
not oppo&e it.
I appeal to my colleague—to my friends around
me—if that has not been my position. Now, sir,
I trust this controversy will not be carried further.
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) I did not intend
to have ever renewed this contest with the honor-
able Senator; but it has been forced upon me by
circumstances. It is painful for me to disagree
with that Senator.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator complains that
I did not consult him upon my speech. Well, sir,
1 never did consult any man upon any speech I j
ever made. I make my speeches for myself.
When my friends called upon me in my room, I
would propose some interrogatories to them; but
I did not suppose that 1 could not come up here
to express my individual feelings without the con-
sent of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) I did not say that
the honorable Senator Should consult me upon his
speech. But I do say that he was bound to con- j
suit us, who have an equal interest with him in j
this matter, before he made a new issue upon the j
subject. j
While I am up, I will state a fact, which the j
Senator, perhaps, does not know—that, as soon
as his speech was received in St. Louts, a large
meeting was called, and resolutions passed, in
which it was declared, that the charges made
against him by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] had been made good, and which resulted
in the unanimous declaration, that the honorable
Senator from Missouri deserved reelection—an
event which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina could not deplore more than I should, as
he well knows, fs not that weakening our cause?
Mr. CALHOUN. Was it not a telegraphic
report ?
Mr. FOOTE. I believe it was.
Mr. CALHOUN, i distrust ail telegraphic re-
ports. Mr. President, it is a common trick to
send out telegraphic reports, and letters with them,
and as soon as possible—perhaps in advance of
the speeches and movements made—before the
truth can be known. Well, sir, I think the Sen-
ator from Mississippi is the la3t man to complain
of not being consulted.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his scat.) .Never, sir—never.
Mr. CALHOUN. He makes movements in
which he does not ask the assistance of all his
friends. He says he knows the opinions of all the
Senators upon this floor, except two or three. But
1 say to him that I know, on the contrary, five or
six who differ from him.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I said that I knew
the opinions of most of them; but I know that
they do not all agree with me—twenty-two voted j
against me on yesterday, and I knew from that J
they did not ajree with me. |
Mr. CALHOUN. He is far more familiar in !
his social intercourse with the Senators, m his j
habit of consulting them, than I am.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) 1 am on good terms i
with everybody. j
Mr. CALHOUN. I am not—I will not be on j
good terms with those who wish to cut my throat. !
The honorable Senator from New York justifies '
the North in treachery. I am not the man to hold '
social intercourse with such as these. j
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I think he [Mr. I
Seward] will have to be given up.
Mr. CALHOUN. I recognize them as Sena-
tors—sny good morning, and shake hands with
them—but that is the extent of my intercourse
with those who I thmkareendangeringthe Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the honorable
Senator from Illinois will allow me a few mo-
ments 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have given way half a
dozen times already; but if the honorable Senator
\ makes the request, I will give way.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope some
tion, if not now, will become necessary. What
that amendment should be, I am not prepared to
say; what the Senator from South Carolina de-
sired, 1 did not, nor do I now, know. He saysy
several were thought of. When the Constitution
was made, each section had the power to protect
itself, by its numerical strength, in the Legislature
of the General Government. But if we reach a
period in the progress of the country, when one
section cannot protect itself against the manifested,
settled hostility of another—when the rights of
the minority become subject to the will of a self-
sustaining, powerful majority—then it becomes re-
quisite that the compact shall be so amended as to
give that protection to the minority, which it was
originality designed to afford to all. Whether that
time has come now or not, I am not prepared to
say. I think that the indications of this morning
are such as to show that the time has arrived. I
think that the votes taken this morning, in regard
to the reception of the petitions presented by the
Senator from New York, declare the opinion of
the Senate to be, that it may take cognizance of
the subjects referred through those petitions*
Another indication is, that the Senator from Michi-
gan, whose opinions and knowledge I always
highly respect, has said this morning, that the
Missouri compromise cannot be extended—cannot
be applied—to the remaining territories. Here,
then, we have the doctrine of non-intervention
overthrown at one blow, by the Senate ; and im-
mediately follows the announcement, that the Mis-
souri compromise cannot be extended—that is, the
power is to be exercised, but we are to have neither
joint nor separate right. When we have reached
this point, it is time that there should be an amend-
ment of a compact, the equal operation of which
seems to be at end.
Mr. FOOTE. I know that my colleague did
not intend to misrepresent the statement of the
Senator from Michigan; but I think he has not
understood him aright. He said that he was for
non-intervention; and he thought that the Missouri
compromise is not such, as it interfered with the
northern part, although it dkl not the southern.
He did not state his opposition to the compro-
mise, but said only that it was not non-interven-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understood the
honorable Senator from Michigan as standing
upon the ground of non-intervention. If we could
have that, it would give the South the mon we
have claimed—that is, an equal right to go into all
the territories—all property being alike protected.
In default of this, I have said that I would take the
Missouri compromise line, and that was my ulti-
matum. But when we see the Senate, by a vote
this morning, overturn the doctrine of non-inter-
vention of the Senator from Michigan, and when
the Senator from Michigan comes forward and
declares that the Missouri compromise cannot be
extended, it is quite time that the South should
look to something besides congressional action.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall speak more for testi-
mony than anything else.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I certainly did
not intend to say that northern votes had decided
the question of referring the petitions this morn-
ing. Here is my friend from New York, the
Bayard of the North, [Mr. Dickinson,} who has
later hour will be assigned, for wchave reports to !i stood by us on this, as on all occasions. I regret
1 make, and other business which should be attended
. to, and which might be transacted in the morning
! hour. I do not intend to consume the time of the
; Senator from Illinois, or now to enter into any dis-
1 cussion or argument, but merely to say that when
j the Senator from South Carolina delivered his
| speech, I did not understand it as it has been con-
! stiued m the debate of this morning. The Sena-
j tor said, that to finally arid forever settle this
, question, certain things were necessary, which the
j North could easily provide. This I believed.
■ These certain things were, he said, to do justice,
j by conceding to the South an equal right in theac-
, quired territory—so I think: to do her duty by
' causing the stipulations relative to fugitive slaves,
: to be faithfully fulfilled; to cease the agitation of
! the slave question—these I think necessary to in- ;
. sure tranquillity: to provide, by amendment of the
j Constitution, for a^restoration to the South of the
; power she possessed of protecting herself before
\ the equilibrium between the sections was destroyed.
Events, however unwillingly, have forced upon
me the conviction, that such additional protec-
much more deeply that this vote should have suc-
ceeded, by the aid of southern men, and this but
heightens my estimate of the danger.
Mr. BUTLER. I will only occupy the time of
the Senate with a few words. When my friend
from Mississippi moved this committee, I was op-
posed to it, and it was without consultation with
any one. I do not think I had seen my colleague
upon the subject at all. If any one stands re-
sponsible for opposing it at that time, I am the
man. 1 did not do it for the purpose of defeat-
ing the committee, or to defeat the adjustment of
this question. I have spoken to my colleague
upon the subject, and have understood him to vin-
dicate the views which I have expressed to-day.
While he was willing, ultimately, to consent to a
committee of this kind, he thought it premature to
take it out of the hands of the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON. I have no purpose of con-
suming time in making a speech upon this general
question. The motion is, to postpone this matter
to half-past twelve o'clock to-morrow. Now, sir,
with great respect, 1 object to that. We have had
