WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^E.
Aug. 21.
principles I have suggested, is ver^ fair. And if
an opportunity is afforded me, I will prepare one
that wili obviate the difficulty [ suggest.
Mr. MASOy, I am reluctant to interfere with
this bill, but the hour has arrived for taking up
the other special order. I will, therefore, move to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to> '
\ RECAPTURE OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to provide for the more effectual execu-
tion of the third clause of the second section of
the fourth article of the Constitution of the United
States.
The question pending was the amend ment offered
yesterday bv Mr. Mason, as a substitute for the
bill.
The PRESIDENT. Did not the Senator from
Maryland move to amend the amendment?
Mr. PRATT. No, sir; 1 merely stated that I
should propose an amendment. 1 would inquire,
however, whether, if the amendment offered by
the Senator from Virginia is adopted, it wili then
be in order for me to offer the amendment I pro-
pose ?
The PRESipENT. If it is a separate and dis-
tinct question, it wili be entirely in order.
Mr. PRATT. Then I prefer that the pending
amendment should be disposed of first.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mason's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. PRATT. 1 now move to amend the biil
by adding at the end of it the following :
"Sec.—. And beit further enacted, That whenever a per- '
son held to service or labor, as is hereinbefore expressed,
shall escape as aforesaid, its-hall and may be lawful lor the
person or persons to whom such service or labor is due, or
his, her, or their agent or attorney, authorized in the man-
ner prescribed by the third section of this act, to deliver to
thrs proper officer authorized by this act to hear and deter-
uune upon the claim of such person or persons to the service
oriibor of such fugitive, a transcript ot'the record as au-
thorized by tno section of this act, and authenticated
as thereby n quired, or such other proof as such claimants
would now by law be authorized to furnish; and thereupon,
arid upon the affidavit in writing ol such claimant, orol his,
her, or their agent or attorney, made before such officer,
that the person or persons named in said record as a fugitive
or fugitives, is or are, at the time of such athdavit being
made, within the county where such oliicer retjdes, or
within the territorial limits within winch such officer is au-
thorized to act, it shall be the duty of such officer forthwith
to issue his wariartt, directed as afoie*md provided, atid
upon the receipt thereof l>y theofticer to whom directed, it
shall be his duty to execute the same, and to proceed there-
with in the same manner us is prescribed by the thud sec-
tion of tins act.
{4Sec.—. Jladbe it further enacted, Thatif such fugitive
be not delivered up to the person or persons delivering
fcuch transcript,or furnishing such other proof as atore&aid",
wuhm days afier the same is delivered or furnuhed,
and affidavit made as aforesaid, then it shall he lawful for
such claimant or claimants to institute suit in the circuit
or district comt of the United Stales, in which he, she, or
they^reside, agamst the distnet aitomey of the United
States fin such district, to recover the value of such fugitive
troinseivice or labor, and the legal expenses incurred in
the attempt to secure such fugitive.
"Src. —. Jind he it further enacted* That at the time of
instituting such suit m the cncuit or district court as afore-
paid, the *aid claimant shall file a declaration ui writing, in
which he shall sfet forjh Jih title to the service or labor o!
Buch fugitive; the proceedings had under the provi.-ions of
this act to recover such fugitive in the State or Ttrnfoty
imo which ?.ueh iugitiv« has escaped; that the said fugitive
was in the county named m said proceedings when the
same were there commenced, and that &uch fugitive had not
been dehveifd to said claimant as required by this act; that
a copy ofsatd declaration «>ii3ll be issued by the clerk ot said
di-trict or circuit court, with a summons against the said |
district attorney, which shall be delivered to the marshal 1
of the ITmttid States, to be by him served on the said attor-
ney, and then returned as in the ease of other mesne
process to said court.
"Sec.-—. Jlnd l,e it further enacted,-That at the term
of saidcouitto which the said process shall be returned
served, it shall he the duty of the said attorney to take issue
to the said declaration, whereupon it shall betheduyof
the «aid couit to swear a jury to try t-uid i^sue; the said
attorney being hereby required to defend the same on behalf
of the United State3, and upon the veidiet of the jury in
favor of such claimant to be rendered upon such legal and
competent testimony as shall be admitted by the court,
judgment shall be rendered in said court for the value of
ihesetvice or labor of such fugitive, as ascertained by the
jury, together with the legal expenses incuired by the said
clatmintm the prosecution ofhis said claim.
" Sec. —. Jind he it further enacted, That it shall and may
bo lawful for any claimant who may recover judgment as
aforesaid, to take, an authenticated copy thereof, arid to pre-
s< nt the same to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, who is hereby authorized and directed to pay the
same our of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
This proposition was debated at great length
by Messrs. PRATT, WINTHROP, YULEe'
CASS, DAYTON, BADGER, BUTLER, UNI
DEUWOOD, and STURGEON, of which a
raiort wHI appear in the Appendix.
^Jr. UNDERWOOD submitted an amendment,
which he will offer when in order, which was
ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, J$itgust 21, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SEVENTH' CENSUS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania asked and
obtained the unanimous consent of the House to
take up the bill supplementary to the act providing
^for the taking of the seventh census, which had
been returned from the Senate with disagreement
to the amendments of the House*, and on his mo-
tion a committee of conference was appointed by
the Chair, consisting of Messrs. Thompson and
Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Wellborn.
On motion by Mr. ALEXANDER, leave'was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House,
with a view to their refeience to one of the Execu-
tive departments, the petition and papers of Darius
Hawkins.
Mr. STANLY called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. GOTT moved that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion of Mr. Gott was put and agreed to.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, had moved to
strike from the bill the following clause, viz:
" For the purchase of Greenwood Island, near Pasca-
goul.i, Mississippi, lately made by the Surgeon General,
under the oidei of General Twiggs, for the location of a
military hospital, §o,0U0 "
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, had moved to amend
the amendment by striking out " $5,000" and in-
serting " $1." And
Mr. McCLERNAND had moved an amend-
ment to substitute " §500" for " $i."
Mr. BAYLY was proceeding to oppose the
amendment, when
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed, and made the
point of order that no further remarks were m or-
der upon the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN sustained thepointof order.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved an amendment (pro forma)
to reduce the sum from five to four thousand dol-
lars.
He said that this island, the title of which was
to be secured to the United States, was worth
$16,0(10. Now, these great economists in the
House 
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing.) I rise to
a point of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I will sitdown.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 will state my point
of order. The gentleman proposes to reduce the
sum to $4,000, and he goes on to state that the
island is worth $16,000.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well. Let the amendment
he voted down.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reduce the sum to $4,999.
He said that this island had been ascertained to
be worth $16,000, and the sum which he proposed
came within a dollar of being sufficient to secure
its title to the United States. Yet these sticklers
for economy, who were so anxious to preserve the
public Treasury from plunder, and who were
against the proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as a proposition of plunder, wished
.to put this $11,000 into the pockets of General
Lawson, instead of into the Treasury.
Mr. DUNHAM opposed the amendment to the
amendment. He said it appeared very strange
that the Surgeon General, who was represented to
be perfectly willing to lake the island at $10,000,
should be so anxious that the Government should
take it at $5,000.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. D. yielding) said the gentle-
man was mistaken in point of fact. So far from
the Surgeon General being desirous that the Gov-
ernment should take the island, he was desirous
that it should not take it.
Mr. DUNHAM argued that it was not neces-
sary to buy the island, and that its position was
such that we should not want to make it the site of
a permanent military hospital, or in time of peace
to use it. It had only been used temporarily du-
ring the late war, and would not be needed again
unless we weie to have another Mexican war,
which he prayed God to avert. If we bought the
title of the island, we should have to make a large
appropriation to build the hospital and protect it
and protect the site. For twenty years the Gov-
ernment had been making appropriations to secure
the site of Fort Moultrie, and so it would be in this
case. If the Government commenced works there,
it would not get off without appropriating hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars; and, he repeated,
we had no use for it.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Bayly to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved an amendment
to reduce the sum to $4,950; and in defence of the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means in
reporting this item, he said, if the contract for the
title to the island were abandoned by the Govern-
ment it was in proof before the committee that the
Government would be obliged to purchase some
other site along the coast somewhere between New
Orleans and-Mobile for a healthy location for a
military hospital.
Mr. DUNHAM iriquired-if there was any law
providing for a petmanent hospital at this point ?
Mr. fEATHERSTON replied that there was
not to his knowledge.
Mr. F. resumed, and repeated that it was in proof
before the Committee of Ways and Means, that the
purchase of a site was necessary; that this was a
favorable location; that the property was worth
twice or three times the amount which it was pro-
posed to pay for it. Was it policy, he asked, in
the Government to abandon the contract under
these circumstances, and throw this $10,000 or
$12,000 into the hands of General Lawson ? He
conceived that there was but one course for the
House to take, viz: to ratify the proceedings of
the officer who, it was true, had acted without
aulhority. The Government would thus get a
good title. He noticed the declarations of gentle-
men, that because the contract was made without
authority of law, it must be annulled by way of
rebuke to General Lawson; and said he had no
doubt but this was the very course which that
officer would wish the Government to adopt. - He
hoped the appropriation would be made, and that
the Government-would avail itself of the benefits
of the contract, which, though without strict au-
thority of law, was made m good faith.
Mr. SWEkTSER expressed his opposition to
the amendment. He said two questions were pre-
sented: first, if the officers ot the Government
acted in good faith for the Government, and wished
for relief, he wa3 in favor of granting equitable
relief. The fact could not be disguised, that the
purchase was without authority of law, and that
the island was desired only for temporary use—to
secure a healthy depot for our troops during the
war with Mexico. That object had been attained;
and if the officers, having acted in good faith to
promote the interests of the Government desired it,
he was willing to extend relief. But if the appropri-
ation was put on the other ground, that a speculation
could be made out of it, he wanted nothing to do
with it. Nothing was cheap to an individual, or
to the Government, that was not wanted; but
money paid for such an object was thrown away.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Featherston was rejected.
Mr. MEADE moved an amendment to the
amendment, providing that the Secretary of War
shall cause the island to be sold.
Mr. JONES appealed to the gentleman from
Virginja to modify his amendment so as to pro-
vide for the sale of the island for cash, instead of
upon a credit.
Mr. MEADE said, either form; he was not par-
ticular.
He had but a single remark to make. He had
heard no reason for keeping this property for the
use of the United States. As there was now a
marine hospital at New Orleans and one at Mo-
