522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
referred to a receipt which had been given by the
claimant, m full of the demand.
Mr. MASON" continued, and said, the two
claims were altogether different.
Mr. THOMAS interposed again.
Mr. MASON said he had just found out that
the gentleman did not understand anything about
the claim. The receipt shows that he was paid
for one thing, while the claim now before the
House was for another. The receipt which he
signed, was for an account for hauling boxes, &c.,
amounting to $130, while the claim now before the
House was for hire of .horses, carryalls, &c. He
was satisfied that the claimant was entitled to
much more than the bill provided, and if the unfor-
tunate man could get his claim before a jury of
the country, instead of allowing; the small sum of
$500, they would feel compelled, in justice, to
allow him thousands. The proof which is given
under oath, shows clearly that he is entitled to
much more than the committee has allowed him;
and I think it very unjust that this sum should be
withheld from him. I know nothing personally
of the man, but am satisfied that the delay and
difficulty to which he has been subjected, in the
prosecution of his claim, have done to him great
and serious injustice; and it is shameful that this
Government should so treat one of its citizens.
The claimant, I understand, is a very poor and
destitute man; but the poor and the rich are alike
entitled to full justice at the hands of our Govern-
ment.
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question.
There was a second; and the mam question on
the motion to print was ordered to be now taken.
And the question was then taken, and decided in
the negaiive.
So the House refused to print the evidence in the
said case.
woodworth's planing machine.
Mr. CONGER rose and moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the bill which had been
repoited yesterday, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, to extend the patent heretofore granted to
William Wood worth, had been referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. CONGER said; My object in making* this
motion is, that the^ill may be recommitted to the
Committee on Patents; and if the motion to rc-
considor shall prevail, I shall move to recommit,
with instructions, as follows, which I send to the
Clerk's table to be read:
u With ui-fnicNotjv to inquire into the propriety of repeal-
ing an siet, entitled, ,k An aer to i vteml a patent heretofore
Ci.nit'd to Willi, mi W<>od\\ oi Mi," passed FrIn nary 26,18-i.).
beniirnn art loi a second renew,il of a patent, lor alleged
impi'iveinmr- in tin: method of planing, tongueing, t:roov-
nii.'. and cimiMir into monldm?. on eiihe. plank, boards or
any oiher nnt"iuil, and f< r iedueih<  the ^nme to an equal
width and ilnekne-h; and that ."aid committee report by
bill or otherwise."
1 have no fear, sir, that the bill reported will
pass, i believe it is doomed to be defeated by a
jnige majority; but, for myself, I shall not be sat-
isfied with the defeat of a bill to further extend
th'S a t, nor do I believe the country will be sat-
isfied with this. I £o for the entite repeal of the
law under whieh the men who now ask for the
passage of this bill have, for many years, enjoyed
a monopoly—out of which they have grown rich,
at the expense of the mechanical industry of the
country; and with a view to proper and intelligent
action on this subject, 1 desire a report from this
committee, which shall place before us facts and
statements, from which we can judge whether the
suspicions and opinions, now existing in the pub-
lic mind, that the passage of the present law was
procured bv misrepresentation and fraud, are well
founded, it must be within the knowlege of al-
most every member of this House, that there exists
a strong feeling on this subject in almost every
part of the country; and it is charged, that this
law was passed, not only in violation of the rights
and jnteresrs of the people, but that its passage
was procured by the grossest fraud and corruption.
The Legislature of New York, in justice to the
people of that State, have taken action on this
subject, in passing resolutions of instruction, as
follows:
Raohed, (if tin; Assembly concur,) That the Senators
and K  prevfntat ves of tin* State m Coni r< s^, ar hereby
requr-ted to inquire whether inju-uce was done to the
rijjht and mtei e-?fs. of the people ot this State, b> an act of
t oiiiiro^s, approved Febi tinry 2oth, 134.', < niitJed "An act
to a putent heretoloie granted to William Wood-
work," commonly known a« the act extending Wood-
worth's Planing Machine; and whether the passage of said
act was procured through misunderstanding or misrepre-
sentation ; and whether it is not hostile to the spirit and
objects at the patent laws; and if they shall be of the opin-
ion, that yaid act is liable to those objections, that they are
herehy requested to use their best efforts to procure Its im-
mediate repeal.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the Governor
be requested to forward a copy of the foregoing resolut-ons
to each of our Senators afrid Representatives in Congiess.
Now, sir, I am in favor of this inquiry, i de-
sire to know what this committee can say in rela-
tion to this matter; but if I could have any assu-
rance that they would report upon the petitions,
asking the repeal of the law—great numbers of
which, I understand, have been referred to them—
I would not move to recommit with the instruc-
tions which I have indicated. But [ greatly fear
that committee will not report, without instruc-
tions from the House. Several weeks ago, I asked
the unanimous consent of the House to offer a reso-
lution, instructing them to inquire in to the propriety
of repealing the law; but the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton,] a member of this
committee, objected. 1 could not offer it. Since
that time, it has not been in order to offer it, and I
have been anxiously waiting, with the resolution
in my desk, a time when it would be in order.
When that time will come, nobody can tell. It
can only be in order when States are called for
resolutions ; and it must be quite apparent to all,
that States will not again be called for many weeks
to come, if at all, thi3 session. For reasons that
need not be named—though they are well known—
there is a disposition on the part of this House to
slide over this business of resolutions. Every alter-
nate Monday is set apart by the rules, for calling
upon States for resolutions; but when the day
comes around, it is almost certain that the House
will decide to take up some other order of busi-
ness, as has been done on every occasion since the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] offered
his resolution of instruction to the Committee on
Territories. It is most probable, therefore, that
there will be no opportunity during the present
session for offering a resolution of instruction
and a recommitment, with the instructions I pro-
pose, seems to be#the only mode in which the
committee can be called upon to make the inquiry;
and, without instruction, my apprehension is,
that we shall have no report.
Sir, without going into any extended remarks
upon the question of further extending this patent,
I desire to strike at the root of the evil, and inquire
whether the present law ought not rather to be re-
pealed. For myself, I have no doubt that this
patent is a mo3t unjust and oppressive monopoly,
that has become an outrage upon the rights of the
mechanical interest of the country. It has al-
ready been twice renewed, and when the period of
its present limitation shall have been reached,
which will not be until 1856, I believe it will have
run, m all, twenty-eight yeais. And yet, instead
of repealing, it is proposed to extend for a period
of twenty years longer, I believe, this monopoly,
that lays its oppressive hand upon the great me-
chanical industry and interest of the country. A
few days since, in a discussion on this subject,
which sprung up in the Senate, it was stated by a
member of the Committee on Patents, in that body,
that there was evidence before that committee that
the administrator of the original patentee, since the
extension by the law of 1845, had sold his inter-
est in the patent for the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars. And yet, sir, it is proposed to
extend the law still further, and to continue to legis-
late these enormous sums into the pockets of
heirs and assignees. Not only am I opposed to
this, but 1 repeat, I shall be satisfied with nothing
thort of a repeal of the law by which these mo-
nopolists compel every man who planes a board, or
makes a window sash, to pay tribute to them on
their own oppressive terms. I trust the vote will
be teconsidered.
Mr. PECK expressed a hope that the motion
would not prevail. The recommitment of the bill
would only tend to delay; and he thought the gen-
tleman from New York could effect his object as
well by introducing a resolution by calling the at-
tention of the committee to the subject.
Mr. CONGER replied, that he had already
stated that he had, some time since, prepared a
resolution on the subject, and had vainly endeav-
ored to have it introduced. He saw no chance of
obtaining an opportunity again for many weeks to
como.
Mr. PECK, resumed. The gentleman would
have the opportunity when theState of New York
should be called for resolutions. If this bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Patents, it would
have no other effect, probably, than to delay
action on the bill. The repeal of a law could not,
in his opinion, be justified, unless a case of the
strongest necessity could be presented for the re-
peal. What would be the effect of a rejection of
this bill ? Woodworth, the patentee^had assigned
rights to many individuals in various parts of the
country. The result of the repeal of this law,
would be the entire destruction of all these indi-
vidual rights. In every case where a right had
been transferred, it would be annihilated. If only
the right of Woodworth himself was to be affected
by the measure, the case would be a very different
one. He must therefore, vote against the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. SACKETT desired to detain the Hoitse
for a few moments. He desired to go into a brief
history of this case. A patent right was granted
to Woodworth, in the year 1828, to extend during
a period of fourteen years. This patent was re-
newed by the Commissioner of Patents to extend
to the year 1849. In 1845, four years before the
patent had run out, those who were interested in
it applied for a special act extending the patent for
a still longer period. During the last Congress, a
bill was passed extending this patent to 1856;
and now, at an early period of this session, a bill
has been reported granting a still further renewal.
This patent has already been continued for twenty-
eight years; yet the Committee on Patents, in less
than thiee months, after the commencement of the
session, have reported a bill extending this patent
for a further term of fourteen years.
Several of the State legislatures have been re-
cently moving in this matter, because of its out-
rageous character. There have been conventions
in several of the States on the subject, and peti-
tions against this renewal have come from all parts
of the Union. Yet in the face of these movements,
this bill has, in hot haste, been reported for the re-
newal of this right, which has already been granted
for twenty-eight years. And this renewal is ad-
vocated on the flimsy pretence, that those inter-
ested in the patent have not made money enough.
If they have not made money enough, after an
enjoyment of this monopoly for twenty-eight
years, they never will. What sort of argument
was this which was thus presented to the House?
If a man is secured in a monopoly of an inven-
tion for twenty-eight years, in order to reimburse
his expenses in bringing it to perfection, and he
has not availed himself of the opportunity and ad-
vantage given him, he is therefore to be permitted
to come here, and claim a renewal for an indefinite
period, after the origiual term has expired! He
looked upon it as most extraordinary that the
Committee should have made such a report. It
was a measure in opposition to the interests of the
whole community, and he thought the motion to
reconsider, and to recommit with instructions,
ought to prevail.
It was well known here, and thoughout the
whole country, that this law had been passed
under a great misapprehension of the facts. The
whole mechanical interest of the country had been
oused in opposition to it, yet, without any long
deliberation, the Committee had reported in favor
of it. He hoped the motion would be agreed to.
It was proper that the subject should be inquired
into.
With regard to the fact, whether the patentee
had been fortunate or unfortunate, he cared noth-
ing; but he believed it would be found, on an
examination of the case, that large fortunes had
already been made out of the patent. In point of
principle, therefoie, as well as a point of fact, this
argument would not stand.
Mr. HAMILTON expressed a hope that the
motion to recoitsidcr would not prevail. He did
not wish to see this question mixed up with other
matter. He desired that the House might act
understandingly on the subject. If we refuse to
extend this patent, that refusal will foreclose it for-
ever. When we decide that it shall not be re-
newed, we decide the whole matter. Let the
gentleman from New York get his resolutions be-
fore the House whenever he can getan opportunity
to do so. This case presents a question which
stands on its own merits, and should be considered
as an independent question, not to be mixed up
