1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 2!,
departments, and that past contingencies were
provided for by the eighty-second ru!e.
Mr.'' McCLERNAND said, the mission' to
Mexico was authorized by law, and this was
claimed to be a contingency in that mission—
such n contingency as came within the eighty-
first rule.
The question, was taken and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 55.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was ruled out of order.
The following item being under consideration:
*f For salary ofthe Dragoman to the legation to Tuikey,
, $2,500"—
Mr. McCLERNAND ifioved an amendment:
" For salary for assistant Dragoman and'Assistant Secre-
tary of legation to Turkey, Uie sum of §1,500."
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. McClernand.)
For what year is the appropriation designed ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. For the present year.
It is a new officer.
Mr. CARTTER raised the point that the
amendment,5 as it created a new officer, was out
of order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. McCLERNAND caused to be read a letter
from the Honorable G. P. Marsh, our Charge-
d'Affaires at Constantinople, showing the necessity
for this appropriation. He said he would only
add to the letter, that,he understood that Mr.
Brown, the present Dragoman and Secretary of
the mission to Constantinople, was on his way to
the United States. Whetherit was true or not, or
if so, whether it was his intention to remain here,
he (Mr. McC.) did not know. But if he re-
mained, it was absolutely necessary to make this
provision. It was only after the training of a num-
ber of years that a person could be qualified to
discharge the duties of Dragoman at Constanti-
• nople; and it was to prepare a person for those
duties that this amendment-was proposed.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. McClernand was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND, under instructions from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, also offered thp
following amendment, to come in at the end of the
appropriation for the Charges d'Affaires, viz:
" And tor compensation to John P. Brown, Secretary and
Dntgoimm of ilK: Legation to Tut key, for In,-: services at
different |v-nn<W as acting Charge d'Aft',ure< to that place
$7,48.3, winch shall be iu full payment ot ins claim for such
services."
Mr. CARTTER raised the point, that the
amendment was out of order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order.
The following item being under consideration:
" For salaries ol Charges d'Affaires to Portugal, Austria
Denmark, Sweden, Holland, lielginnl, Naples, Sardinia'
tlie Papal States, Peru, New Granada, Venezuela, Buenos
Ayres, Bolivia, Guatemala, and Ecuador, $73,003."
Mr. BAYLY moved the following amendment,
" For outfit of Charges d'Affaires to rortugai, New Gra-
nada, Guatemala, and Ecuador, $18,000.
Mr. BAYLY said, as he knew he should be
asked to explain the necessity for this amendment:
he might as well make the explanation at once.
The Secretary of Siate had informed the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means that there would be a
change in the charges d'affaires in these four
missions, and that new charges would be sent out.
If so, these outfits would be neeessaiy.
He should probably be asked, too, what neces-
sity there was for this. All he had to say 111 reply
to that was, that he did not know what the neces-
sity was; and further, he did not think it was his
duty to knew. The foreign affairs of the country
were in the charge of the Executive and of the
Senate; and, except in very strong cases—(he
could very well conceive of cases in which this
House ought to interfere)—in the ordinary changes
of ministers and conduct of our foreign relations,
unless there was some ground to believe that there
was some impropriety at the bottom, he thought
the House ought to vote what the branch of the
Government having the charge of our foreign af-
fairs estimated to be necessary.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Mr. Bayly yielding the
floor) said, with regard to the appropriation asked
for the restoration of the mission to Portugal he
■ would say this: The committeeand the country
were doubtless aware that a report had been in 1
circulation for some time that our charge d'affaires
at Lisbon (Mr. Clay,) had been instructed to make
a final demand upon the Portuguese Government
for the payment ofcertain claims held to be due to
the United States, and upon a failure of that Gov-
ernment to comply with the demand, that he was
instructed to withdraw and come home. He pre-
sumed it to be true—in fact, he had no doubt of it;
that since these instructions were given and since
this demand was made, an arrangement had been
initiated between the Portuguese minister here and
the Secretary of State, whereby some ninety-odd
thousand dollars of these claims had been admit-
ted or would certainly be paid, and whereby the
balance of the'claims preferred by this Govern-
ment against Portugal, including the claim grow-
ing citit of the brig Armstrong, which was perhaps
the only remaining'one, was to be referred, to the
King of Sweden for arbitration. The wljole thing
\yas in a train of satisfactory arrangement. In
viejv of these facts, the Secretary of State desired
an appropriation for the outfit of a charge d'af-
faires to Portugal, if it should be deemed proper
to send one there.
With respect to Ecuador, and one or two other
places named in the amendment proposed, he
would add, upon what he considered reliable au-
thority, that it was the desire of the diplomatic
agents of the United States at those places to re-
turn home, and that it was expected they would
return at an early day. If, therefore, it was de-
sirable to continue these missions at all, the ap-
propriation asked was or might become absolutely
necessary for that nurpose.
Mr. CARTTER opposed the amendment, and'
characterized the proposed appropriation as a very
extraordinary one. It contemplated the possi-
bility of this Administration sweeping; off its own
agents—the diplomatic agents of its own selection.
This Administration, for the sake of feeding and
fattening its political hangers-on, it appeared, was
under the necessity of changing its own diplo-
matic agents every thirty or sixty days, for the
sake of giving a new set their outfit and in fit,
amounting to some thousands of dollars. He was
willing to comply with the necessity of sustaining
these political paupers, if the Administration would
put such men in their places as would hold out
through one presidential term; but he was un-
willing to vote an appropriation, to be placed at
the control of the Executive, to meet the expenses
of prospective changes of this character, and for
this purpose.
Mr. STANTON,of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment, by striking out §18,000, and in-
serting §20,000.
He said that, according to the very peculiar di-
plomacy of the late Administration, or of its Sec-
retary of State, it was considered important (and
it had proved to be efficient) to bluster with Por-
tugal, to send a squadron to Lisbon, and to give
out threats, or at least to make a show of force;
and he understood that the Portuguese Govern-
ment, on agreeing to settle the largest portion of the
claims made against them by our Government,
stated that they agreed to pay them, not because
they believed them to be just, but because they
were obliged to yield to force, and to the appre-
hension that if they did not comply with the de-
mand, our naval force would be employed against
them. He was informed that a portion of our
Mediterranean squadron, under the command of
Commodore Morgan', who was said to be a man
who could talk well and bluster some—though he
(Mr. S.) knew nothing of the gentleman and he
intended to say nothing disrespectful of him—had
been sent into the Tagus, simultaneously with the
demand being made upon the Portuguese Govern-
ment for immediate payment. This policy seemed
to have succeeded,and the Portuguese Government,
knowing nothing of the powers of the different
departments of our Government, yielded to the
demands made upon them in this way by the late
Administration. Our Charge at Lisbon was in-
structed, if his demands were not acceded to within
a certain time, to demand his passports and return
home.. He did return • ^
Mr. McCLERNAND (interposing) wished to
correct the gentleman. He had not yet returned
home, and it was not absolutely certain that he
would return. Nor was it yet known whether
the pending negotiations between the two Gov-
ernments would be concluded here or at Lisbon;
hence the appropriation was asked for to meet a
contingency which might arise—the appointment
of a new charge d'affaires.
Mr. STANTON (resuming) said he understood
! that the master had now been arranged by the
| Portuguese Government agreeing to pay a part of
! the claims, and with regard to the rest, our Gov-
| ernment had agreed to refer them for arbitration'
i to the President of the French Republic, or to the
1 King of Sweden, leaving it to the Portuguese Gov-
ernment to decide between the_two.
It was 'very fortunate that a new regime had
taken place, and that they were placing our foreigrr
relations on a proper basis, and .maintaining the
honor of our Government*
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said, he
should like to know on what authority it was sartf
that the late Administration had blustered in this
matter. What authority had the gentleman fron\
Tennessee for saying that the late Administration
had sent part of our squadron into the Tagus to
intinlidate Portugal? He had received no such
information.
Mr. STANTON said, he had information of a 
authentic character, that the Portuguese Govern-4
ment, in making this offer to our Government^
said that it did so, not because it believed the
claim to be just, but that it yielded to force.
Mr. STEVENS. Where does the gentleman
get his information? Front any official communi-
cation from any of the departments ? or from news-
paper authority ?
Mr. STANTON- I ask if the gentleman is au-
thorized to contradict it?
Mr. STEVENS. Contradict it T I am not to
prove a negative. When a gentle'man rises and
makes a charge against an Administration, he at
least ought to be prepared to prove it, and until he
does prove it, I hold it to!)e a fabrication, and I
pronounce H to be a fabrication; not of the gentle-
man, but of that prolific race of liars who scribble
for the press
Mr. STANTON. I have it from the highest
authority.
Mr. STEVENS. Tell us who ? Some gentle-
men hold a letter writer to be "high authority
some hold the " Union," and some " The Repub-
lic " to be " high authority." Which of all these
the gentleman alludes to I do not know, but I pre-
sume to some village newspaper in his district.
But 1 want to know on what authority the late
Administration is charged with violating any prin-
ciple of our Constitution, in attempting, ljke the
Administration immediately preceding* to make
war upon its own authority? I do not belfeve, for
a moment, that General Taylor's administration
ever intimated that if Portugal did not submit to
our demands,'the naval force of the Government
would be brought to beat* against her; and until
there is high authority brought forward—such as
gentlemen who are not determined to believe such
reports at any rate, will think entitled to belief—I
will not believe it. I know nothing of it person-
ally; 1 have no information from official quarters
about it. I am not one of those who go about the
departments at any time to ask information, or to
obtain the confidence of the public officers. But
1 have such entireconfidence in the administration
of General Taylor and his-Cabinet, that I feel no
hesitancy in saying thatl disbelieve it; and unless'
a gentleman will say on his word that hejias seer*
authentic documents to the contrary, I say that I
do not believe it.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Mr.,Stevens yielding
the floor at his request) said, he had already stated
that it had been understood that our Charge d'Af-
faires at Lisbon (Mr. Clay) had been instructed
to make a final demand upon the Portuguese Gov-
ernment for the payment of claims held to be due
| to citizens of the United States. It had also been
: reported, that the Secretary of the Navy had or-
dered two of our public vessels into the Tagus for
the purpose of enforcing these demands, if neces-
sary, by a bombardment of the capital of Portu-
gal; but he felt quite confident that this report was
untrue. It was probably true that a public vessel
had been ordered to await Mr. Clay's pleasure,
and to bring him home, if his demand should be
rejected, and he should deem it proper to come
home. He presumed this was the full extent of
the order.
Mr. STEVENS (resuming) said, he had no
doubt but the statement of the gentleman from
Illinois, who held such a relation to the depart-
ment as enabled him to get authentic information,
was correct, and to be relied on* notwithstanding
the high authority to the contrary of letter-writers
and newspaper editorials, which the gentleman
