THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Stanly's remarks by his own hand, but I do not." If that
is not complaining, I do not understand what he means, i
Now, I say, after careful examination of the reporter's notes, j
I oann t find the " harsh interpolations" in my own hand, of
which Mr. H.says he could complain. No member of Con
gre si ever lived who was able to write out remarks in the
same words in which they were epoken, especially when, as
in tiiis case, ihe reporter only furnished me leading words
as to the latter portion of my speech. If Mr- Hilliard
means to say, by "har«li interpolations," that I added re-
marks in writing from the reporter's notes, harsher than
those used hy ine on the floor of the House, then I must
deny positively the charge. If he will furnish the report
er's notes of his speech, ! will furnish mine, and allow any
friend ho may select to judge between us, whether he or I
adhered with the greater fairness to the reporter's notes.
But Mr. Hilliard says, he " much prefers to withhold re-
murks," &c. Now, I assure him,i am notat all obliged for
this clemency, and had much rather he would boldl* charge,
than sayhe"might complain." „
l regret this controversy very much ; and " Ijnuch prefer
to withhold remarks," Stc. I will add, that Id$ -plv regret-
ted the unfriendly debate in the House on Friday last, and
after the adjournment, I mentioned to both the reporters of
the Globe-, that it was an unpleasant affau to my feeling*,
and unless Mr. Hilliard repotted his remarks. ] would not
report mine, and if they reported his, to repoit mine, with-
out any supnrvHon or aid from me.
" The controversy rnu^t end somewhere." It'shall not
be my fault if it is continued. Respectfully, &cM
EDW. STANLY.
IN'SENATE. .
Thursday, March 14, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication from the Secre-
tary of the Navy; which was read and laid on the
table:
Navy Department, March 13, 1850.
Sir: Agreeably to a resolution of the Senate of the 11th
instant, I have the honor to transmit herewith the report o(
Professor James P. E«py, on meteoiology, made to this de-
partment <m the 12th March, 1849, together with the charts
accomp -nving the same.
I have the honor to be, very respertfullv, v«ur obedient
servant, WM. BALLARD PRESTON.
Hon Millard Fillmord,
Vice President JJ. S. and President of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a petition from
the people of Paducah, in the State of Kentucky,
very numerously signed, praying foi the establish-
ment of a poit of entry at that place, and also
praying for an appropriation of the sum of $50,000
for the purpose of clearing out the obstructions of
the Grand Chain,a work which, if accomplished,
would enable any boat ascending the Mississippi
river, that could reach Cairo, to reach Paducah,
which is a very thriving town. I move that,
without reading, it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The petition wns so rcfered.
THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, f Imve also a petition
from the President, I believe he styles himself, of
the Mormon Church of Latter-day Saints, together
with the twelve apostles. They present very
grievous complaints against their brethren ofDese-
rct, and charge that the Mormons about Coun-
cil Bluffs, who have possession of that region
of dismct, a-nd contiol the post-office, obstruct the
free cit culation of information through their papers,
by whidi they are prevented from enlightening
that scct, and spreading useful information among
them. They wish the interposition of Congress,
and particularly the Post-Office Department, and
that free information may be ciiculated among their
brethren. [The petition was sent to the Secretary's j
desk.] It is a petition from Isaac Sheen, who repre-
sents himself as first counsellor to the prophet,
Wm. Smith, and president of the Aaronic priest-
hood of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints, together with two apostles and some twelve
high-pric&ts, uiging very giave complaints against
their brother Mo i mons, whom they designate as the
Salt-Lake Mormon banditti. These people setfoith
that Council Bluflx is principally settled by Salt-
Lake Mormons, who are governed m political as
well as spintual affairs by the secret lodge of fifty
men, thatalso rules the Salt Lake territoiy, and by
Brigham Young, theirgovernor, president, prophet,
seer, reveiator, and inquisitorial chief. They assert
that these people obstruct the receipt of the reli-
gious newspaper called the '* JUrlchisedek and
JIaronic Heraldand letters to their friends and
relations in that quarter, and implore the protection
of Congress from the tyranny, injustice, and po-
litical intrigues of the Salt-Lake banditti, and in-
sist that the treasonable acts and designs of the
Salt-Lake combination are sufficient, not only to ;
show the impropriety of admitting Deseret into the I
Union, but also to convince the Government that
no Salt-Lake Mormon should be allowed to hold
any office, either at the Salt-L^ike valley or Coun-
cil BlufFs. They charge them also with having
commenced a warfare against the liberty of speech
and of the press, and against the religious rights of
American citizens who do not acknowledge their
supremacy.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of. Beloit, Wisconsin, asking the adoption of
measures for the adjustment of international diffi-
culties by arbitration; which was referred to the
Committee on Foieign Relations.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of a
convention of citizens of Illinois, held at Vanda-
lia, in that State, asking the right of way and a
portion of the publicJand, to the Mississippi and
Atlantic Railroad Company, incorporated by the
State of Illinois; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public, Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
the States of Iowa and Illinois, asking the removal
of obstructions to the navigation of the Mississip-
pi river, at the Des Moines and Rock-River Rapids;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition from citizens of Clayton county,
Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Coleburg to Elkader, and the discontinuance
of the route from Garnaville to Elkader, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post-Office and Post Roads.
TRIAL BY JURY FOR FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of citi-
zens of West Bloomfield, in the State of New
York, praying that the right of trial by jury may
be secured to persons claimed as fugitives from
labor or service, when arrested in any other State
than that in which their service may be claimed;
and a similar petition from citizens of Hamilton,
Madison county, in the same State. I move,
that without reading, they be referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
these petitions be received and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PRATT. Whataie thejpetitions?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to have them read?
Mr. PRATT. I desire to know what they are,
in some way or other.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (to Mr. Seward.)
The Senator fiom New York will please to state
the object of the petitioners.
Mr. SEWARD. They are petitions praying
that a law may be passed securing the right of
trial by jury to persons claimed as fugitives from
labor or service.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I do hope that
these petitions may not be received by the Senate.
It does seem to me that, of all classes of the peti-
tions of this kind that have been excluded under
some practice or rule of the Senate, which 1 do not
pietend exactly to compiehend, this is the most
dangeious, because it is the most calculated to ex-
cite the public mind, of any of the petitions intro-
duced here.
Now, sir, I understand that the reception of pe-
tions of this kind is placed upon the ground, by
some Senators, and by some southern Senators,
too, that the subject to which they relate is pend-
ing before the Senate. Now I apprehend it must
be apparent to everybody that, if this be the rule,
it is only necessary, as the Senator from New
York 1ms done, to olfer an amendment to some bill
pending before the Senate, and by that means to
introduce petitions upon any subjects, whether or
not they may come within the jurisdiction of the
Senate, and to make it legitimate for the petitions
to come before the Senate, because the subject to
which they relate has been brought before the
Senate by way of amendment, as a subject of
legislation.
Look at the petition now before us, which has
been presented by the Senator from New York.
Of all the subjects which are now exciting the peo-
ple of this country, the escape of fugitive slaves is
perhaps the most exciting, as it is the one most
felt. The Senator from New Yoik has introduced
as 8n amendment, to some bill before the Senate,
as I understand, that no fugitive slave shall be de-
livered up u.itil, by a trial by jury, he is found to
be a slave—in other words, it is a practical denial
of the whole right of the slaveholder over his
slave, if he gets beyond the jurisdiction of his
own State; because everybody knows—the honor-
able Senator from New York himself knows—that
acase recently occurred in his own State, in which
a slave, having escaped from Maryland, under the
pretext, of the judge that the printed laws of
Maryland were not sufficient evidence of the law
itself, without allowing the party claiming the
slave time to return to Maryland for the purpose
of getting the authenticated law, the slave was dis-
charged.
I repeat, sir, that of all the subjects doing harm
at the South, and producing excitement, the es-
cape of fugitive slaves is doing the most harm,
because it has been felt more practically than any
other of the causes of complaint. I do hope this
petition may not be received, and I ask the yeas
and nays uj on it.
Mr. HALE. I listened with some astonish-
ment to the suggestion made by the Senator from
Maryland 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
suspend for a moment? The question is ori the
reception of these petitions, and on that question
the yeas and nays are demanded. Shall the yeas
and nays be taken ?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. 1 confess itwas with a good deal
of astonishment that I listened to the remarks
which have been made by the Senator from Mary-
land this morning. If l'have been rightly in-
formed by several Senators with whom I have
conversed on the subject, there is not a slave State
in the Union—there is not a State where slavery is
recognized by law—but in which an individual,
alleging that he is entitled to his freedom under
the laws of the State in which he is held, is enti-
tled to a legal trial, to ascertain whether he be a
slave or not. If I am wrong in that, I wish to be
corrected. I have been told that it certainly is the
law in many, if not most, of the slave Stales, that
a person thus situated, is entitled to a trial—such a
tnal as the laws of the State give him—and I ap-
prehend, in most States, to a trial by jury. Well,
sir, if, in Maryland or Virginia, where slavery is
recognized by law, an individual has the right of
trial—such a trial as the laws of the State give him,
to ascertain whether he is a slave or not—if that is
the right of a slave in a slave State, is it asking a
great deal that freemen in the free States should
have the same right?
What is the bill that is now before the Senate,
to which the Senator from Maryland has alluded?
i confess that I have read it with a good deal of
pain and regret. As I understand that law, any
man that wants a victim, and that can purchase
an affidavit—and affidavits can be purchiased, I
suppose, in the slave as well as in the free States—
under this law, may go into one of the free States—
he may go, Mr. President, into your house or into
mine—he may seize your wife or your child, and
upon an ex parte affidavit, taken behind our backs,
hundreds and thousands of miles off, the wife of
your bosom or the children of your love may be
wrenched from your protection, and upon the
stiength of this ex parte affidavit, hurried off  
Mr. BUTLER. Blacks.
Mr. HALE. Sir, it does not say blacks, but
anybody; and I have seen some that are holden
as slaves, that it would be very difficult to tell
by their complexions what their parentage was.
I say that anybody, black or white, upon the
strength of an ex parte affidavit, taken behind their
backs, may be hurried olF to a fate, compared lo
which, the refuge of the grave were a relief. And
is it too much, sir, that we ask, and simply ask,
that when such a claim as this is made, trial by
juiy, habeas corpus, and every privilege dear to
freemen, may be exercised in our own States?
JVir. KING. I call the Senator to order. It
must be determined whether we will receive the
paper hefoie it is open to discussion. When it is
determined to receive it, as I suppose, from the
votes recently taken, it will be, it will then be in
the power of the Senator to deliver his eulogy on
the blacks and the horrors of slavery; but not be-
fore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that it is m order to discuss the question
of reception.
