1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
1610
from Tennessee seemed to consult with so much
confidence.
jThe question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to in-
crease the appropriation to the sum of $19,000.
He had submitted this amendment (he said) for
the purpose of saying a word in explanation. It
had not been his intention, in the remarks he had
made, to represent that this Government had issued
orders to any portion of the naval forces to bom-
bard any of the Portuguese-cities. But he had in-
tended to say, what he thought must be palpable
to the mind of every gentleman, that thA portion
of our Mediterranean squadron had been sent to the
Tagus for the purpdse of producing that impres-
sion upon the mind of the Portuguese"Government,
and he thought that gentlemen might find some-
thing in the annual message of the late President
which looked to the same object and was^calcu-
lated to produce the same impression,
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, rose to a point
of order. He submitted that the gentleman was 1
not speaking to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair could not
perceive that the ^entieman from Tennessee (Mr.
Stanton) could be called to order on the ground
of irrelevancy in his remarks.
Mr. STANTON proceeded. I find in the Pres-
ident's annual message the following paragraph:
"The omission of'Portugal to do justice to the Ameri-
can claimants, has now assumed a character so grave and
serious, that I shall shortly make it the subject of'a special
messajre to Congress, with a view to such ultimate action
as its wisdom and patriotism may surest."
"Well, (continued Mr. S.,) M-r. Clayton found
a shorter mode—not by directing a bombardment,
but by sending an intelligent officer with a portion
of our Mediterranean squadron, and permitting
thpm to bluster about and produce upon the Por-
tuguese Government the impression that a bom-
bardment was contemplated; and in this manner
force a settlement of the claims. I do not mean
particularly to condemn this policy, if it suits
the fancy of gentlemen on the other side of the
House.,
The CHAFR interposed.
Mr. STANTON, (taking his seat.) Well, sir,
that is all T have to say.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said he was
opposed to the amendment. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had undertaken to
prove from the message of the late President of
the United States, that there was some counte-
nance there given to what the gentleman had said—
that the President had sent a talking Commodore
with a squadron to bluster and intimidate the Por-
tuguese Government. Now, on the contrary, the
message to which the gentleman had, referred, de-
clared that if the difficulties were not settled—what
then? Why, the President would submit the
matter to the wisdom and patriotism of Congress;
not that he"would order a bombardment; not that
he would direct our naval force to take any steps,
but that he toould submit the matter to Congress.
And the gentleman, in candor, having read that
extract from the message, should have said, that
nothing was further from the idea of the late Ad-
ministration than to send a squadron to operate
in conjunction with our representative there. Any
such intention was in fact disclaimed by the very
message which the gentleman had read; and the
late President had intimated, that if hostile meas-
ures must follow the failure to settle the difficul-
ties, the proceedings would be conducted in the
proper constitutional mode, by submitting the mat-
ter to the consideration and action of Congress;
theiefore 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and
Mr. STEVENS took his seat.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I should very
much like to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] a question.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir.
The CHAIR. It is not in order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question then recuiring on the amendment
of Mr. Bayly,
Mr. MeCLERNAND moved to amend it, as
follows, viz:
" For «a!arj< and outfit of Charge des Affaires to Nicara-
gua, $9,000."
Mr. MeCLERNAND said that he had been
advised of the views of the Secretary of State in
regard to the amendment he had offered. Such an
appropriation was desired by that, officer. Mr.
McC. said that we* had lately concluded a conven-
tion with Great Britain whereby we had, together
with that power,-guarantied the neutrality of the
canal proposed to be located and constructed
through the State of Nicaragua from ocean to
.ocean. That convention, therefore, made it im-
portant to this Government to be put in diplomatic
communication with the Government of Nicara-
gua. In fact, it became almost, if not quite, ne-
cessary that we should do so if we would enable
ourselves to fulfill the guarantee in question, and to
secure our interests in^ that State. Besides that,
the canal proposed to be made would, when com-
pleted, afford one of the quickest and best com-
munications between our Atlantic and Pacific pos-
sessions. And such a communication, it was un-
deniable, concerned very materially, not only the
value of our distant possessions on the Pacific,
but also the strength of the tenure by which we
hold them.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JONES. This is a proposition to create a
new chargeship. I think it is. ' And I submit to
the Chair whether the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no doubt
that the amendment is in order.
Mr McLANE, of Maryland , now proposed to
amend the amendment of Mr. Bail?, by reducine
the sum to §9,000.
[It will be seen that the amendment was inad-
vertently received, though subsequently ruled out
as not in order—being an amendment in the third
degree.] •
Mr. McLANE declared his intention to vote
against the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] on the ground that it -was ir- !
regular, if not unprecedented, for the House to ;
vote those appropriations, until the events which j
rendered them necessary should actually have j
taken place. He thought that the argument of the
gentleman from Ohio" [Mr. Cartter] was well
founded. Here was a simple suggestion made, ;
that those changes would take place in the course j
of a year, and upon that suggestion these appro-
priations were called for. Let Congress wait, and !
see what the actual requirements of the public ser-
vice were; and, when the changes had actually
been made, it would be time enough to make ap-
propriations for new ministers and new charges.
He (iVlr. McL.) should cheerfully vote outfits for
any missions that might be required. But it was
a totally different thing to come in here with these
informal suggestions, and call upon the House to
cooperate, thus in advance, with the President and
Senate. He should vote against the amendment,
because he thought it irregular and improper.
Congress should wait until the public service re-
quired those changes to be made, and not legislate
on these irregular suggestions from the State De- '
partment  j
Mr. MeCLERNAND, (interposing.) Will the !
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] allt^v
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. McLANE. Certainly.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Upon the question
whether these missions should be continued, I
have nothing to say. But the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] is mistaken as to the
ground upon which these appropriations are asked.
He bases them upon the ground that changes are
to be made. It is not upon that ground, as I un-
derstood, that the appropriations are asked. It is
upon the ground that the gentlemen now holding
these posts have signified their intention to resign
them.
Mr. McLANE was about to proceed.
The CHAIRMAN now stated, that the amend-
ment of Mr. McLane could not be entertained
for the reason stated above.
The question then recurred on the amendment
to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Strong and
Mr. Evving were appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 71, noes 48
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
"To pay Alexander Hammelt, as acting charge d'affaires
to Naples, under instructions from the Secretary of State,
from the 1st of May, 1847, until the 21st of June, 1848, one
year and one hundred and twelve days, $5,156 So."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. HALL prised the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
Mr. WHITE, (to the Chairman.) Is not the
amendment reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is reported under in-
structions from the Committee of Ways and
Means, by the chairman' of that committee, [Mr.
Bayly.] «• s
Mr. WHITE. Can this committee rule the
amendment out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
it is the duty of the committee to decide these •
questions of order. If the provision had been in-
serted in the original bill, as reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, the chairman
would have decided, as the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union will remember
he uniformly has decided, that this committee could
not strike it out. But the proposition to insert the
provision as an amendment is a different question.
And, in justice to himself, the Chairman must say
that the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClernand,] was reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and was ruled out
of order. The Chair decides that the amendment
is out of order.
An appeal was taken from this decision, by
whom the reporter knows not.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Foivler and
Meade were appointed.
And the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee}"
was taken, and decided m the affirmative—ayes
73, noes 40.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, a typographical er-
ror in the 708th line of the bill was ordered to be
j corrected.
j Mr. MEADE moved to amend the item for sal-
! ary of a Commissioner to reside in China, inclu-
j ding the additional compensation under the act of
11th August, 1848, $6,000, by increasing theappro-
priation to $7,000.
Mr. M. made a single remark in explanation,
which could not be heard, but the purport of which
was understood to be that the amount of the
present compensation was too small, considering
the expenses to be incurred.
The question was taken, and the affirmative
vote was 50.  
Tellers were ordered. •
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to speak against the
amendment.
The CHAIR interposed to order.
Mr. BAYLY. No one has asked for an in-
crease of this salary. The Administration has not
asked for it.
[Calls to order.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will'entertain
no proposition until order is restored.
Mr. BAYLY. Can I not speak against the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not while the House is
dividing.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Is an amendment to
the amendment m order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Then I move to amend
the amendment by striking out §1,000 and insert-
ing $500. And I desire to say, that when this mis-
sion (if it may called so) was first established, the
salary of the comrpissioner was fixed at $5,000 a
year. Since then, m the year 1848, an act of Con-
gress was passed to carry into effect the treaties with
China and with the Ottoman Porte, whereby cer-
tain duties wer^ devolved upon the Commissioner
to China, in consideration of which, the salary
was increased to $6,0ii0. At that time it wassup-
posed that this compensation was adequate. I
have not heard since then, from any authentic
source, that there was occasion for any further in-,,
crease—the salary having already, as I have said,
been increased from §5,000 to $6,000.
Mr. MEADE was understood to say that he
should like to see this body in the habit of regu-
lating the salaries of the various officers of the
Government according to their own judgment, and
