1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 21,
of acting without the command of the Executive.
Now, he had come to the conclusion that the in-
crease of this salary wag necessary. He stated
several reasons to show its necessity, viz: the
distance of the station; the fact that t(Te Minister
had to pay his own expenses to and from; that it
was a disagreeable place of residence; that the ex-
penses of living (some of which he enumerated,
but in a tone inaudible to the reporter) were enor-
mously high. He saw no reason why there should
not be an increase of salary of this diplomatic
agent, so as to approximate it m some degree to
the salaries of our other officers of this class.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Meade was rejected. -
Mr. MILLIARD moved an amendment, to
strike out $6,000, and insert $9,000.
He said there was no reason why this should
not be a full emission. The expenses were full as
great, if not greater, than those of any of our
d?f>lomatie agents. In addition, the Minister to
China paid his own expenses; it was a distant
port, and the expenses of travel, as well m of
living there, were very great. He had, moreover,
no perquisites whatever. He (Mr. H.) hoped,
therefore, $9,000 would be given.
JWr.'STRONG opposed the amendment. He
said that our ministers plenipotentiary in Eng-
land, France, Spain, Russia, &c., resided at the
courts of the sovereigns to which tHey were sent,
but this was not the ease with our Minister to
China. He vAs sent out principally for the pur-
pose oflookingafter oureommercial interests there;
and instead of residing at Pekm—the seat of the
court of the Chinese Empire-^-he resided at Can-
ton, and for that reason was not subjected to the
expenses attendant upon court presentation and
.other expenses to which a minister plenipoten-
tiary was subject. He argued, therefore, that it
was unnecessary to raise the salary to that of a
full mission.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Hilliard—
Mr. STRONG called for tellers.
Tellers were not Ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendmentto
the amendment was rejected—ayes 43, noes 75.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Meade—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Richardson and Duncan were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported,
ayes 55, noes 73.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the appro-
priation for the salary of the interpreter and secre-
tary of themigsion to China, viz:
"For payment of the balance due and unpaid to Peter
Parker for public services, according to the "intent and
Epirit of the appropriation for the purpose,contained in the
act making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expeiHt.s of Government, March 3, 1847, the sum ot
$1,941 80, wlMcti shall be in tull payment of all official and
unofficial services contemplated by such appropriation."
The amendment having been read 
Mr. SWEETSER raised the question of order
upon, it.
Mr. McCLERNAND referred to the appropria-
tion bill of 1847. It was impossible to hear what
he said; but he was understood to submit that the
• amendment he had offered waa merely in fulfill-
ment of an object appropriated for by a former
bill.
The CHAIR interposed, and ruled the amend-
ment to be out of order—and all remarks upon it.
" The amendment was not entertained.
Mr. MARSHALL moved the following amend-
ment: «
" Foi the relief and protection of ibe marines nn the west-
ern waters, the sum of $50,0J0, to be disbursed through the
Secretary uf the Treasury."
Mr. M. was understood to submit that the ob-
ject of the amendment was to increase the fund to
be disbursed through the maiine hospitals, for the
purpose of protecting a class of men who could do
nothing to protect themselves.
Tellers on the amendment were ordered, and
Messrs. Ewing and Hamptom, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayps 65, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON rose to a question of or-'
der. He desired to know' whether there was any
law authorizing the original appropriation in the
bill of §125,000 for the relief and protection of
American- seamen ? He submitted that the provis-
ion was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is impossible to hear
what the gentleman from Illinois'is saying.
The clause in the bill was read.
Mr. RICHARDSON restated his point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
several times that it is not competent for the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
a point of order, to strike out, .or hold to be out of
order, a clause in a bill which has been referred to
it by the House. Such points of order can be en-
tertained only by the House. The Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union have no con-
trol over any other committee of the House; and
therefore the Chair overrules the point of order of
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BAYLY moved to insert an additional
section appropriating $50,OQO for the reliefs and
protection of American seamen on the Atlantic
coast, to be disbursed through the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. B. desired to remark, he said, that if the
Committee had understood the amendment pro-
posed by thegentleman fromKentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] and which had just been adopted^ they
would not have voted in the proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,) or
if they had, they would not have voted it in with-
out a proposition similar to that which he (Mr.
B.) had submitted. The appropriation for sea-
men out of the protection of our laws, beyond
our jurisdiction, and who have to go to our consuls
for protection, had been made from the found-
ation of the Government. It was necessary, be-
cause they were beyond our jurisdiction. But
there was no necessity for making an appropria-
tion for the relief of our seamen upon the coast,
or upon the western waters.
Mr. STEVENS', of Pennsylvania, rose to a ,
point of order. He submitted that the gentleman !
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was arguing against
another amendment, and not in favor of his own.
Mr. BAYLY. I am doing wo such thing. I
am undertaking to show, and it is perfectly m order
for me to do so, that the committee having voted
in a provision for the domestic protection of s&a-
men on our western rivers,'should also adopt my
amendment—because the sailors on the sea-coast
are more exposed. And I say that if the former
provision was ri§:ht, a fortiori mine is right, be-
cause on the Atlantic coast, where there are con-
stant storms and shipwrecks, such relief is more
required than it is on the western waters. But
within our own jurisdiction there is no propriety
in either of the amendments. They are not anal-
ogous to the provisions of the bill. I hope that my
amendment may be voted in, and that, when the
bill comes into the House, both the amendments
may be voted down.
Mr. BROOKS said, he desired to ea?l the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky to the pro-
vision of the bill contained in the eight hundred
anpd sixty-first, and four subsequent lines on the
thirty-sixth page. The appropriation that he de-
sired he would find contained in that provision. It
was for supplying a deficiency m the fund for
the relief of sick seamen, including the furnishing
of marine hospitals on the western waters. And
it was quite a large appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman
from New York, that he could not proceed with
his remarks, unless he submitted a motion.
Mr. BROOKS said, that he rose for the purpose
of opposing the amendment of the gentleman fiom
Virginia; and m order to do that, he was proceed-
ing to show that there was no necessity for the
appropriation proposed by him for the Atlantic
coast, nor for the appropriation proposed by the
gentleman from Kentucky for the western waters;
because there was already an appropriation of two
hundred thousand dollars for the very purposes
contemplated by the gentlemen.
Mr. MARSHALL, having moved to amend
the amendment by inserting the word " Pacific,
said that he would merely state, in reply to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that
there was not one cent appropriated by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, with all its ap-
parent liberality, for the purpose of assisting m
the erection of hospitals on the western rivers.
Indeed the West got but little of the money of this
Government for e(ny purpose whatever. Every
man employed on boar# a steamboat in the West
contributed hiss twenty cents.a month, or at least
that amo nt was deducted from his wages, for the
purpose of creating a fund for the erection and
maintenance of those hospitals. A considerable
st*m was appropriated for destitute American sea-
men in foreign epsmtries^but they were unwilling,
it appeared, to make provision for destitute sea-
men at home. if a seaman from Ohio or Perm"
sylvania found himself srek and deslhute in the
city of New Orleans, there wairno provision mad©
for hrs relief.
„ The design of his amendment was to plaee ir?
fhe hands of the Secretary of the Treasury a fund
to be disbursed for the relief of thi3 meritorious
class of men in the West. On what principle was
it that money was given to destitute aeameri
abroad ? it waa on the principle that the Govern-
ment o ght to protect the men who were engaged
in the commerce of the country. What he de-
sired was, that the same advantages should be
extended to- those engaged in the same pursuits on
the jnhtnd waters., He was surprised that gentle-
men should resist so reasonable a proposition. He
trusted# however, that those gentlemen who repre-
sent the West would support the proposition.
Mr. CARTTER said, that although he was ©
western man, he was, nevertheless, opposed to the
proposition of She gentleman from Kentucky.
There was some apology for the appropriation of
money by the Federal Government for the support
of American seamen i  foreign countries. The
reason was manifest. They were beyond the
reach of frisnds, they were far ffom their homess
and it was the duty of this Government to provide
for them under such circumstances. He agreed
with the gentleman from Kentucky, that very little
of the public treasure ever reached the West, bat .
he disagreed with him enliteiy hi regard to the
propriety of this mode of obtaining it. if the -
West could not receive it appropriately and for
national purposes, they did not w&nt it. There
was no more reason for creating a gratuity fund
out of the Federal Treasury, for the boatmen
on the western rivers than there was for provi-
ding such a fund fot stage-drtvers on the road,
or any other class of laboring people. They
had got a system of hospitals on the lakes and
rivers, which were designed to support themselves
by the voluntary contributions of the elass of per-
sons for whose beneSt they were erected. There was
under that system no taxing of one portion of the
community to support another, it did not make
a distinction between one elass of the laboring com-
munity aad another, to the disadvantage of one
and the benefit of the other. The system was a
good one. But he would ask, what constitutional
right they had to take money out of the Treasury
for any such puipose? If they bestowed it upor*
the sailors or boatmen on the Mississippi river,
they must bestow it on the boatmen navigating
the branches of the Mississippi; and if they ex-
tended the gratuity to them, they might be called
on to extend it also to all those employed on the
canals and railroads, and even the ordinary roads
of-the country. For all of these pursuits were
equally hazardous, though none of them were
particularly so. He could not see the least pro-
priety in creating a fund of this kind. When the
West asked for money, he hoped it would be for a
more legitimate purpose than that proposed by
the amendment of thegentieman fiom Kentucky.
Mr. HALL inquired of the Chair, if it was now
in order to move to amend the proposition?
The CHAIR replied, that it was not now in
order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
oftbegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on theamendment of the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. HALL inquired if it would be in order to
move to amend that amendment?
The CHAIR replied that it would be in order.
Mr. HALL then moved to insert the words
u and everybody else."
All that he desired to say was this: He was not
aware that persons employed m navigating vessels,
ar:d in eommerce generally, were any more enti-
tled to consideration on the part of this Govern-
ment than any other class of citizens. He knew
of no reason why they should appropriate money
out of the Treasury of the United States, and be-
stow it upon men employed upon steamboats in
