1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tmi
preference to persons employed in agricultural
^nnsuifs, or in any other useful occupation. If
individuals were entitled to receive money from
-this Government because their occupation was
liazardous, he thought members of Congress were
©s much entitled to it on that ground as any other
person in the community.
Persons traveling this city to prosecute claims
agauist Che Government, if they should getsiek on
the way, ought to receive aid from the Govern-
ment if any persons <di<f, for it was not-tobe dented
that their pursuit was a most hazardous one.
But-seriously speaking and in a single word, if
em appropriation was to be made at all for such a
purpose, it ought fco4be made general There was
iio reason for drawing a distinction. AN persons
engaged in honest calling he regarded as equally
pieritorio^s, and he Wanted to treat them ail pre-
cisely alike.
Mr. CHANDLER was opposed to the amend-
«ient of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall.] He was not only opposed to appropri-
ating money for everybody, but he was opposed
to appropriating it for particular classes of individ-
uals, and'especially members of Congress, who
"while these seamen and boatmen were battling
with storm and tempest, anti paying their twenty
cents a month out of their wages for hospitals,
sat comfortably smoking their pipes in ease and
safety, and regaling themselves with every luxury.
He was sure thai members of Congress must feel
truly grateful, however, to the gentleman for his
proposal to provide an elemosyRary arrangement
for their benefit.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred ots the amendment o£ the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. ALLSTON moved to add the words uand !
She Gulf of Mexico." i
Mr. BAYLY suggested to the gentleman from !
Alabama that it would be better to introduce a j
separate amendment for the object that he desired, j
as -what was proposed for h is bill was not sufficient I
to cover the cases on the whole Atlantic and Gulf |
coast. His object in moving the amendment was j
to get the matter into the House, where the whole ,
could be voted down. j
The question was taken on the amendment ,of i
the gentleman from Alabama, and it was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken by tellers (Messrs.
McWillis and Gmnnell acting as such) orrthe
amendment of the gent.eman from Virginia, and
the ayes, being counted, were 36. The further
count was abandoned, and
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RING, of New Jersey, moved the follow-
ing amendment, viz:
"For additional contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, §4y0fl(K,?
Mr. K. said, he proposed this amendment at the
instance of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, acting under the instructions of
that committee. In consequence of a communi-
cation received this morning from the State De-
partment, it was apparent that the amount called
for by the appropriation in the bill for the contin-
gencies of foreign intercourse would fall short to
the amount specified in his amendment. Addi-
tional objects of expenditure had presented them-
selves which would render this additional appro-
priation necessary.
Mr. BAYLY. What are they ?
Mr. KING, (resuming.) They are contin-
gencies of foreign iatercourse. The particular
items have not been communicated to me. But I
Understand that these new items of expenditure
arise out of a communication made by the Gov-
ernments of Great Britain and of France, relating
to the necessity for making some investigation into
the condition of affairs in the West Indies. The
particulars have not been stated. It is at the re-
quest of the Committee on Foreign Affairs that I
have submitted this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he rose by the
unanimous instruction of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to move the following amendment.
" For indemnity for the arrest of Thomas Rider, a British
subject, and for the loss of his goods, by order of the military
authority of the United Slates, in Mexico, $750.
Mr. EWING raised the question of order.' He
ap-
regarded the amendment as out of order, in the
"first fjtSce, because the matter had never been re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs for its
sanction; and secondly, because it was_out of order
®n^he civil ana diplomatic appropriation bill.
Tile CEiAIR decided the amendment to be oat
of order. * '
Mr. McQLERNAND asked for the unanimous
consent of the committee to make an explanation,
which he was sure would satisfy the committee.
Objection being made,
Mr. McCLERNAND moved for leave to ex-
plain; but the leave was not granted.
The following clause being read, viz:
" For compensation of four assistants, draw-keepers at
the Potomac liiidgo, including oil for lamps and machinery,
firewood, and repairs, $3,0U0,"
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to
amend the above, by inserting the following, viz:
'• Provided. That the allowance of the two assistants
employed in keeping thesouthern di aw shall tie §2 pci day."
• Mr. STANTON explained, that the object of
his amendment was not to increase the amount of
the appropriation. It was simply to raise the
wages of the two persons employed in attendance
at the southern draw of the bridge from $1,50 to
$2 per day. He had before him the petition of
these individuals, asking that their pay may be in-
creased to $2. They represent, th.it for a portion
of the year they are not only employed during the
i day, but also a portion of the night; and for the
' residue of the year, through the whole of the
night. In addition to this petition, he had the
certificate of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings,' which he wouid send to the Clerk's table,
for the purpose of having it read.
Mr. DUNHAM asked if the amendment was
in order ?
The CHAIR understood that this was an
prnpriation made by authority of law.
Mr. HAYMOND rose to make a remark,
when
The CHAIR called him to order, and decided
that the amendment was in order.
! Mr. STANTON then asked for the reading of
the certificate of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings.
Objection was made, but the question being put
to the committee and decided in the affirmative,
the certificate was read.
Mr. JONES rose to oppose the amendment.
He reminded the committee that this same ques-
tion had been before the House at an earlier part
of the session, when a gentleman from Virginia
had submitted a proposition for this increase of
wages, which was rejected. One of these persons
had recently called to see him on the subject. He
said he was getting §1 50 a day, which wss abnut
$480 a year, or over. He asked the man whether
he knew any business to which he could go, where
he would earn more ? He said he could n >t. He
(Mr. J.) then asked him if he did not think there
were other persons who,could be got to attend to
the business for $1 50 a day? The man replied,
that perhaps there were many, but that they did
not so well understand the duties which were re-
quired of them. Now, §1 50 a day appeared to
him to be tolerably fair wages—more than laborers
here, or in any other part of the country, usually
make. But even if it was otherwise, he did not
think the introduction of the amendment exactly
right. It proposed to give to the attendants at the
southern .draw $2 per day, while it left the wages j
of those on this side exactly as they have been. I
He saw no good reason for making this distinc-
tion.
Mr. STANTON explained that the labor at the
southern draw was greater because there was
more commerce through that end of the bridge t han
the other.
Mr. JONES said he saw the draw on this side
frequently opened. Perhaps the proposition was
confined to one side for the present, because it
might be thought hazardous to ask Congress for
too much at once. He had no doubt that by and ;
by the House wouid be asked for an appropriation :l
to raise the wages of the others. 'j
Mr. MORTON moved to amend the amendment ;!
by striking out $2 and inserting $1 50. He did 'i
this for the purpose of explaining, that early in the !'
session, he was authorized by the Committee on !.
the District of Columbia to move to increase this ;j
appropriation for wage3 from $1 50 to $2 per day. |i
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] with i!
his characteristic vigilance to enforce retrenchment
and Economy, had called for -the previous ques-
tion, and thus cut him off from the opportunity of
making suitable explanations, and the amendment
was rejected. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stanton] had now made the explanations
which he had intended to make, when he was cut
off by the previous question. ' • ,
Mr. JONES asked if the wages were not fixed
by act of Congress ? / , i
Mr. MORTON said he believed not.
Mr. JONES. Who then fixed the rate of wages?
Mr. MORTON declined going into these conver-*1
sattons, while his allowance of five minutes was gli-
ding away. The objection made by the gentleman
from Tennessee to this increase of pay was, that
laborers could be obtained to do the duties at $1 50,
and would consider that sufficient remuneration.
This a remark which might with as much
justice be applied to others, as we!! as to these
laborers. He had no doubt that persons might be
found to fill the seats on this floor, or to assume
the duties of Speaker of the House, who would
be ready to assume the duties at a less compensa-
tion than is now paid to us. But when we are
fixing the compensation of these persons who are
in the employ of the executive'Government, we
ought to give them ample wages. They have
their residence here, and are compelled to labor all
day, and part of the night, during one season of
the year, and for-the residue of the year the whole
night.' He hoped this Government would never .
adopt the policy of employing men who had fami-
lies to support,at a pitiful rate of pay which wouid
not enable them to support those dependent on
them. Certainly it was our duty to exercise as
much liberality to those in our service as others
do. He trusted that the gentleman from Tennes-
see, who rdways exhibited such vigilance in re-
form and retrenchment, would come to the con- -
elusion that it would be better to commence his
reductions with members of Congress^ and not
beein by cutting ofif the pittance of our day and
night laborers.
Mr. BROWN, oFMississippi, thought the gen-
tleman had made a mistake in moving this amend-
ment. He was opposed to it, because this appro-
pi iation,if it should pass, would render it necessary
to take the increase .in these wages from the pay of
other laborers, who were equally meritorious, and
whose pay ought, not to be diminished for the pur-
pose of increasine the wages of these individuals.
Mr. STANTON denied that such was* the in- -
tention of his amendment.
Mr. BROWN said, that he must then have been
misled by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON referred to the clause to show
that this item of wages was connected with the
items of oil, lamps, &c., and theappropriation was
for*alI these matters.
Mr. BROWN said, he understood that very
well. The appropriation was designed for all the
objects which were specified. But you say these
men shall receive §2 a day instead of {$1 50.
Where was this additional half-dollar to come
from' It mustcome-from the wages of the other
laborers in our employ. It belonged to the item
of wages, and must be taken from the wages of
those who are excluded from the benefit of this
provision. He was very willing to give these
laborers $2 per day, but he could not consent to
rob Peter to pay Paul.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question being on the amendment moved by
Mr. Stanton—
Tellers were demanded but not granted, and on
a division there appeared—ayes 42, noes 55.
There being no quorum, the roll was called, and
the committee rose, when the Chairman having
reported to the House the fact, the House again
went into Committee of the Whole.
The question was then put on the amendment,
Messrs. Mason, and King of New Jersey, being
appointed to act as tellers, when the vote was an-
nounced—ayes 65, noes 55.
So the amendment was agreed to;
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, under in'stru'c-
tions of the Committee on the Distnctof Columbia,
moved the following amendment, viz: '
" For grading, graveling, and repairing the side walks, and
for culv^m, ami ollitrvvi-e improving New Jersey avenue,
noith of tin1 Capitol, the smn-ot ,-§3,000, to lie expedited under
the direction of the Commissioner ot Pubiic Buildings,"
Mr. BROWN explained that this appropriation
