528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
to themselves and posterity. They wilt have no
other standard to wave in the breezes of the Pa-
cific, on their coast, but the standard of their fathers
—the stars and stripes of their country. Would
to God that this feeling prevailed with equal in-
tensity at the centre of the Republic, as it prevails
at its distant extremity ! While they wish to come
in, there are those who wish to go out. It is con-
soling to find that the patriotic ardor of our coun-
trymen does not diminish as they recede from the
older portions of the Republic. I repeat, they
come here, not as revolutionists, hut as an integral
part of our great community, asking admittance
into the Confederacy.
Mr. KfNG, (in his seat.) Who is it that pre-
vents them ?
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Alabama in-
quires who it is that has prevented them from hav-
ing a government, and I answer it is the Congress
of the United States; and in saying this, I take the
blame myself, as one of its members.
Mr. DOWNS. The Wilmot proviso prevents
them.
Mr. CASS. I am speaking of the cause of our
neglect—the Wilmot proviso is another thing.
I am not examining what differences of opinion
may have prevented our action. I am speaking of
our neglect, and of its effect upon the people of
California, and of their justification in forming a
State government. What has the Wilmot pro-
viso, or any other difference of opinion here, to do
with them ? They would still have remained
without a government had they not taken their
own cause into their own hands, and done for them-
selves what we ought to have done for them. Are
they to be deprived of social organization, and of
all the elements of social order—I may add, of ex-
istence, and to be treated hv us with contumely
and mockery, under the pretence that we can do
nothing for them, because some one thinks proper
to introduce the Wilmot proviso into our legisla-
tive proceedings ?
Mr. DOWNS. Does not the gentleman know
that that is the only reason ?
Mr. CASS. To be sure; gentlemen would not
have voted for a territorial government clogged
with the Wiimot proviso. I would not do it my-
seif. But the great fact still remains. It is our
fault they have no government—it is not theirs;
and it is because that question has divided you,
and prevented you from doing your duty, that they
appear heie to-day, arid ask justice at your hands.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator bear with me?
Mr. CASS. With pleasure.
Mr. FOOTE 1 presume the Senator does not
wish (o do injustice to any one; but he knows
well that what may properly be called the Walker
amendment was pievcnted fiom being adopted,
according to his own account, by the Senator from
JNew York.
Mr. CASS. If any gentleman supposes that I
had the slightest idea of casting censure upon one
human being, he is utterly mistaken; such a sen-
timent never occurred to me. I was speaking of
the Congressof the United States, and of the duties
they had to perform and had neglected to perform,
and did not intend to reflect the slightest censure
upon any gentleman, North, South, East,or West,
much less to arraign their motives. I was speak-
ing of the relation which existed between this
Government and the people of California, which
has justified, m my opinion, the course they have
taken.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the honora-
ble Senator now to say, that it was the duty of
Congress to have provided a competent govern-
ment for these territories?
Mr. CASS. There are two positions I have
always maintained with reference to this subject—
first, that Congress, under the Constitution, has
no right to establish governments for the territo-
ries; secondly, that under no circumstances have
they the right to pass any Jaw to regulate the in-
ternal affairs of the people inhabiting them. The
fitst may be a matter of necessity; and when the
necessity exists, if a Senator votes for it, he votes
upon his own responsibility to his constituents.
If they believe the necessity and support him, he
ks safe, but if not, he must fall, if I had voted
under such circumstances, I must have looked to
my constituents for my justification; but under no
circumstances could I have voted for any law in-
terfering with the internal concerns of the people
of a territory. No necessity requires it; there is
no necessity which would justify it.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CASS. Certainly; I stand ready to be
catechised all day*on this subject, if Senators de-
sire it.
Mr. CHASE. Did I understand the Senator
as saying that, in voting for a bill to establish a
government in the territories he would assume
the exercise of any authority not given in the
Constitution?
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will un-
doubtedly recollect, that in a historical document
called the Nicholson letter, which subsequent cir-
cumstances have made somewhat important, I
distinctly stated my views upon this subject, and
those views have remained unchanged to the pres-
ent hour. I maintained, that no power is given
by the Constitution to establish tenitorial gov-
ernments, but that where an imperious necessity
exists for such a measure, the legislator who
yields to it must look to his constituents for his
justification.
Mr. CHASE. I understood theSenator to say,
that there was no such authority given by the
Constitution?
Mr. CASS. I said, that if we do an act not
authorized by the Constitution, under a pressure
of necessity, that act must be done upon our own
responsibility; and I refer the gentleman to the
authority of Mr. Madison, who justified the ac-
tion of the Congress of the Confederation, on the
subject of territories, upon this ground—and
upon this alone. If the gentleman will take the
trouble to look at my speech on the Wilmot
proviso, he will find my views on this point
distinctly laid down. What is the objection in
principle to the admission of California? Allow
me to* say, that great political rights and move-
ments, in this age of the world, are not to be de-
termined by mere ab>tract or speculative opinions.
There is no want of heavy books in the world,
which treat of political science; but you need not
go to them to ascertain the rights of men—either
individuals or in communities; if you do, you will
lose yourself groping in a labyrinth, and where
no man can follow you. If there are rights of sov-
ereignty, there may be wrongs ol sovereignty; and
this truth should be held in everlasting remem-
brance. And this is the case with regard to Cali-
fornia. We have lights, and we have duties; and
if the former are sacred, the latter should be sacred
also. One of these duties we have neglected to
perform; and we are told by gentlemen who have
spoken here, that when a State wishes admission !
into the Union, she should come to the door of
Congress and knock for admission. California ;
has thus come, and knocked; but no door is ;
opened to her, and she is to be told, uGo back
and wait till we are leady." There is but one
door through which you can enter, and that door
we keep shut. You must pass through a territo-
rial government; but that government we have
neglected to give you, and we are probably as far
from establishing it as ever. And such is the pa-
ternal regard we manifest toward one hundred
thousand American citizens, who are upholding
the flag of our country on the distant shores of
the Pacific. A good deal has been said about pre-
cedents: I am not going tc^examme either their |
application or authority, though it has been pretty |
clearly shown by others, that they fully justify this :
measure of admission. j
Great political measures must be judged by !
themselves. When new and imposing circum- i
stances dictate an unusual course, they furnish the i
justification for action, and they furnish also a '
precedent for future proceedings; and whether ,
such cases as this are to be found in our legislative I
history, our duty is still the same. Thatduty im- ;
periously requires the admission of California into i
our Union. She comes and asks admission—not, |
as the honorable Senator from Illinois says, in i
language of equal force and beauty—not to reject '
your sovereignty, but because her citizens love
their native country, know the value of our insti- ;
tutions, and desire to become bone of our bone,and ;
flesh or' our flesh, They come, I repeat, not as
revolutionists, hut as petitioner, asking the great- ,
est favor we can bestow upon them. The distin- j
guished Senator from South Carolina has objected |
that we can only admit a State into our Confeder-
acy, and that California is not a State. Well, sir,
in "my opinion it is a State, and as truly so as any
existing under the sun. The honorable Senator
from Maine asked the very emphatic question,
What constitutes a State? And his answer will
find a responsive cord in the heart of every Amer-
ican. It is said with truth that it is men who mak^ a
State. They do, sir. It is not land, nor trees, nor
gold mines; but it is men, by whom and for whom
States are constituted and maintained. Why, sir,
any other doctrine would carry us back to the
worst portion of the middle ages, when Govern-
ments were instituted for the protection of the few,
and men without property were men without
rights. Doctor. Franklin, with his native good
sense—and, I may add, his native good humor—
rebuked this principle of legislation in a manner far
more significantly than could have been done by
the most labored argument. He 3aid that a cer-
tain amount of property is necessary to entitle a
man to a vote. He possesses a jackass to-day of
the requisite value, and can exercise this right.
To-morrow the jackass dies, and he loses it. To
whom does the right belong—to the man or the
jackass ?
[Here Mr. Butler said something in a tone in-
audible to the reporter, to which Mr. Cass replied,
I go for the man, and not for the jackass.]
But, Mr. President, there are other considera-
tions which seem to me forcibly to urge the ad-
mission of California. The Senator from Illinois
truly said, that the pride of opinion is strong in
the human breast, and that it belongs as well to
communities as individuals. The Wilmot proviso
is offensive—justly offensive—to the southern sec-
tion of the Confederacy—offensive, independently
of its practical consequences. It is considered an
arbitrary assumption of power, and is, therefore,
resisted, agreeably to the established laws of hu-
man nature. We oppose instinctively all improper
assumptions of authority over us, without stop-
ping to inquire into the pecuniary value they may
affect. No man is willing to have a measure forced
upon him. Now, the people of California^have
been driven by necessity to take this matter into
their own hands. They have decided the question
for themselves. There is no offence to the pride
of the South or of the North. There is no invid-
ious Wilmot proviso to be passed north or south
of 36° 30'. There is no pride of opinion involved,
and no overbearing act of one portion of the coun-
| try against the other; and therefore the admission
j of California removes much of the present contro-
I versy in a manner that spares the feelings of all.
I i regret, sir, that the Senator from South Caro-
| hna is not present, as 1 desired to extend my re-
! marks further than I shall now do. 1 have already
said, that the speech of that honorable Senator in-
evitably leads us to the conclusion, that upon the
admission of California depends the dissolution of
the Union. He likewise contended that an amend-
ment to the Constitution was indispensable, and
his remarks on yesterday seemed to connect the
fate of the country with the accomplishment of
this object.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator from Michigan .
states that the Senator from South Carolina re-
i marked, in his speech, that this amendment was
indispensable. Now, I may have misunderstood
his words, but certainly 1 think he only said that
it was desirable.
Mr. CASS. I do not desire to exchange words
upon this point, and have not the slightest disposi-
tion to provoke debate upon it. In order to satisfy
the Senator from Louisiana, I will read the Sen-
ator's own words:
"The North has only to will if to accomplish it; to do
justice by conceding to tire South an equal rmiit in the ac-
quired termor)-, and to do her duty b\ cnu-ing 1km ft'jmla-
?ion , relative to fugitive Mavo, to be faiiM.iily fulfilled; in
cease the agitation of the qm-stion ; and to piovide for
the insertion of a provision m the Constitution, by an amend-
ment, ivlu< h will restore to lite South, in fcubs>tauee, the
power she pu.-seshHJ of pmteeiiny herself htHoic the equili-
brium between the sections was destroyed by th" action of
tin- Government. Tlreie will be no difficulty in devising such
a provision, one that will ptotect tiie youth, and which at
the same time will improve and strengthen the Govf>rnit)p;.r,
in.-tcad of impairing and weakening it. But will ihe Noith
neree to do thi>? it tor her to answer tin- quemon. Hut I
will say sue cannot refu^* , f --he ha* ho If the love ol the Union
which Mie profes-es to have, or without justly exposing
herstlf to the charge, that bet love of power and a«rgtaridize-
incntis far "renter than her Jo\e of the Union. At ail events,
the responsibility of saving the Union reason tin- Nnrt'i,and
not on the South. The South cannot save it by any act of
heis, and the North may save it without any sacrifice what-
