THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1850.
New Series ..No. 34.'
ever, unless to do justice, and tn perform her duties under
the Constitution, should he regarded by. her as a sacrifice.
It is time, Senators, that there snould be an open and
manly avowal on all sides, as to what is intended to be done
If the question is not now settled, it is uncertain whether
it ever can hereafter be; and we, as the representatives
o! me States of this Union, regarded as governments,should
oome to a distinct Ufiderstandinsasto our respective views,
in order to ascertain whether the great questions at issue
can he settled or not. If you, who represent the stronger
portion cannot agree to settle them on the broad principle
of justice and duty, say so, and let the States we both repre-
sent, agree to separate and part in peace."
I have not another word to say, Mr. President.
If these remarks do not justify the conclusion I
have drawn from them, 1'do not know what can.
Mr. DOWNS. Do I understand the Senator
as saying that he understood the Senator from
South Carolina as asserting that the amendment
should be made now ?
Mr. CASS. The Senator from South Carolina,
in theexplanation he gave us, said he did not re-
quire it to be done now, but that it was indispens-
able that it should be done. Am I not right?
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from South Caro-
lina said, I believe, that it would be indispensable
ultimately. That, I think, was the word he used.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 know it may be expected
that I should be able to indicate what are the pre-
cise opinions of my colleague, but 1 have, in reali-
ty, no more knowledge of his views, than is, or
may be, in the possession of any Senator; but I
did understand him distinctly to say, so far as I
-can infer from other sources—I believe it is his
opinion—that when the northern States shall have
acquired such a predominating influence in the
■councils of the nation, that there shall be no secu-
rity for the South against their abuse of power,
■that then there should be inserted in the Constitu-
tion some provision by which the minority shall
have it in their power to avoid becoming a de-
spised and degraded minority. Sir, that is his
idea; and I will say in this connection—and 1
endorse his view to this extent—that 1 do not see
that we have any security in the forbearance of a
northern majority. I am free to say that I do not
feel security from that source, because, when I
hear one gentleman say that he holds to one p^rt
of the Constitution and disregards another, accord-
ing to his conscience, and others come in and say
that they will break it down, so far as they under-
stand its provisions, what security have we for the
preservation of our rights, unless we have some-
thing to rely upon by way of a veto ?
My colleague has not intimated that the Union
may not continue for many years to come; but
what sort of Union is it, by which we are bound
together, when the elements of strife are intro-
duced here every day? Helms always adhered
to the Union, and he wishes to restore to it the
«lements of its prosperity, by producing harmony
and conciliation; and they are attained by the
North doing justice and conceding to the South
an equal right in the acquired territory, by com-
plying with the requisitions of the Constitution in
relation to the delivery of fugitive slaves, and by
ceasing the agitation of the slave question, and by
providing for the insertion of some provision in
the Constitution which will give to theSouth some
security that her rights will he respected.
Mr. DOWNS. With the permission of the
honorable Senator, I will state that 1 believe it was
not understood, without going minutely into the I
views expressed by the Senator from South Caro- 1
lina, that I believe he was not understood by
southern members of this body generally in the
sense in which the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan understood him. I certainly did not so un-
derstand him, and I am not aware that any south-
ern Senator did.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand now, from the ex-
planation that has been given by the colleague of
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, that
it is the opinion of both these gentlemen that an
amendment to the Constitution is indispensable.
Does the Senator from Louisiana doubt that such
is their opinion ;
Mr. DOWNS. I did not so understand the
gentleman:
34
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from South Caro-
lina said there should be such a provision in the
Constitution as would amount to a veto power in
favor of the minority.
Mr. CASS. Gentlemen will remember that my
time is very limited.
Mr. DOWNS. I trust the Senator will allow
me to finish the sentence that [ have commenced.
Without going into a minute analysis of the speech
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina, I say
now that I did not put the construction upon it
which is put by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, and I believe that southern Senators generally
did not.
Mr. BORLAND. As one southern Senator, I
will say that I did not.
Mr. DOWNS. I know of none that did.
Mr. RUSK. Will the honorable Senator from
Michigan allow me simply to say, that I hope the
Senator from Louisiana will not make a construc-
tion, or assume to speak for the entire South. We
are all here. I do not choose that the Senator
shall make a construction for me—that I can do
for myself. I do not choose to enter upon that
matter now. I have not investigated the subject;
but I hope the Senator will not assume to speak
for the whole South.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not intend to speak for
anybody but myself; but, so far as I know, or
have heard, the view that I have stated is that
taken by the whole South.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will permit me to add a single word. I know
that the construction which I placed upon the hon-
orable Senator's remark, is the construction that
was given to it by nearly all the southern mem-
bers of this body. I could give their names, if
necessary. I have said so before, and my word
is not to be disputed by any body.
Mr. DOWJNS. I did not dispute the assertion
of the honorable Senator ; but 1 have a right to
speak for myself. I have not conversed with the
Senator from Texas, nor with any other Senator,
m regard to it. I do not make it a business to do
so; but 1 hear what Senators say to me, and I now
say again, that the Senator from Mississippi, up
to this time, is the first Senator who has put the
constriction that is now contended for, upon the
speech of the distinguished Senator from South
Carolina. I speak of what I know. It is true, I
maybe mistaken; but I do not coincide in that
construction, and I believe there are many from
the South who do not.
Mr. CASS. May I be permitted to say that 1
must request Senators no longer to interrupt me.
I hope 1 shall be allowed to go on, as my time is
short, and I will finish what I have to say in a
very few minutes. I am generally quite accom-
modating, but upon this occasion I must insist that
there be no more interruptions.
1 ijm not going to dwell upon this point of con-
struction. God knows I have not the slightest
wish to misrepresent the opinions or the objects of
the Senator. I have only to say, that any man who
reads the speech must come to the same conclu-
sion, that, in the opinion of the Senator, the dis-
solution of the Union, if not altogether, was al-
most inevitable. When I alluded to this subject
yesterday, saying that, agreeably to the views of
the Senator from South Carolina, if the amend-
ment of the Constitution did not take place now,
" it would be fatal to the country," the honorable
Senator answered "certainly it will in the end."
The Senator says expressly, in his speech, the
amendment must be made now. Yesteiday he ex-
plained, and 1 took his explanation with the great-
est pleasure—that he conceives an amendment
necessary to be made, but that he does not con-
ceive it is necessary to be done now. That is ail I
have to say in regard to this matter. What, then,
is the avowed object of the Senator from South
Carolina? He says he seeks to establish an equi-
librium in this Government. I do not know pre-
cisely what is meant by an equilibrium in a Gov-
ernment. I do not know in what way legislation
is to be exactly weighed or measured, with refer-
ence to the various sections or interests of the
country. There has never been such a political
expedient since the commencement of this Gov-
ernment, or indeed of any other—and there never
can be. When the Government came into opera-
tion, there were six slave and seven non-slavehold-
ing States. The majority, therefore, in this Sfenats
was in proportion then what it is now. There
was of course no sectional equality, and if a dis-
position had been felt to oppress the South, it
could have been as easily indulged by the North-
ern statesmen at that day as at this; for if your
equilibrium is not perfect, you have no security
from this new contrived equipoise. If the majority
is disposed to disregard all constitutional checks,
and to .oppress the minority, that can as well be
done by a small preponderance in the legislature
as by a larger one. The security now is just what
it was when the Constitution went from the hands
of its framers.
But what kind of equilibrium could be estab-
lished? Is every section of this country—North,
South, East, and West—is every interest, manu-
facturing, agricultural, commercial, and mechani-
cal, to be weighed each against the other ? Is each
to hold the Government in a state of equipoise?
What it would become in such a case, while in
nominal operation, no man can tell. We can all
tell, however, what it would not do : it would
leave its great functions unperformed, and would,
ere long, die in the affections of the people, rCs it
would be already dead to their interests. Who
ever heard or dreamed of such a Government? I
believe the Constitution was intended to provide
for every interest; but each must be cultivated
and protected as the circumstances of the country
may require, without the vain attempt at mathe-
matical accuracy in the progress of public affairs.
In the days of Solomon it was said that there
was nothing new under the sun; but I confess, that
a perfect equilibrium, for all time and for all inter-
ests, be these interests greater or smaller, would be
something new. Theie is a difference of opinion
respecting the constitutionality of the Wilmot pro-
viso. The attempt to enforce it is not the result
of any arbitrary disposition to injure the South,
but arises from a belief that the measure is legal
and salutary. These differences of construction
are inseparable from human language; and he who
expects to prepare a written constitution, carrying
with it universal concurrence of opinion, in all its
constructions, indulges a chimera as wild as ever
presented itself to any man, sleeping or waking.
I ask, sir, when did the North seek to injure the
South, or when did the South seek to injure the
North, in the mere wantonness of oppression?
This charge of sectional rivalry, I know, has been
a fruitful theme of discussion among the political
parties of the day, but it has no real foundation in
the progress of our history. We have gone on,
sir, increasing in power, in all the elements of
prosperity, with a rapidity unknown among the
nations of the earth. The charge, indeed, is not
new—it goes back to the days of Mr. Jefferson.
When the aggressions of England required coun-
teracting measures to be adopted by this country,
non-intercourse, and the embargo, and finally war,
were resorted to in defence of the rights and the
independence of the country. At that time a
powerful party in the eastern States desired to
secede from the Union. They said then, as is
said now, There is a sectional majority against us;
they disregard our rights and destioy oui interests;
and we will go out from among them. There was
not an argument used then which is not used now;
nor a measure proposed which is not now proposed.
There are some of us yet here who were living at
that period, and participated in these events; and
, the younger generation well know that these facts
stand prominently forward m the history of their
country.
Sir, the objection of the Senator from South
Carolina is repeated here to-day by his colleague,
and it amounts to this; that if you give power to
! a government, it may be abused. So it may; and
1 I should like to see the Government where power
| cannot be abused. It would be another new thing
under the sun. We may all suppose cases of ex-
