1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Mis
the books and documents, heretofore supplied by
Congress, and which were destroyed by the re-
cent burning of the capitol of said State, was read
-a third time as amended, and passed. ' " _
PUBLICATION OF BOOKS.
On motion by Mr. MA.NGUM the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution:
Rcsohed} That Mr. Palmer have leave to withdraw, take
'out a coi-ynght for, and print on hiss own account, the docu-
ments entitled " A comprehensive view of the principal in-
dependent maritime countries of the East," illustrated by a
chart, whicli -accompanied the report of the Secretary of
Slate to the Senate, under date of 23d of April last, atrtl re-
ferred to the Committee on foreign Relations; and that the
"Secretary of the Senate .be and he is herpby authorized to
-subscribe for three thousand copies-of the work, together
with the chart, u der the above utie, for the use of the
Senate; provided the same shall be delivered by Mr.
Calmer at a price not exceeding two dollars per copy of not
3ess than five hundred pages octavo, printed on fine paper,
and neatly bound in muslm.
Mr. WALKER I will present myself in op-
position to that resolution by simply calling- the
yeas ahd nays.
t The yeas and nays were ordered.
-Mr. RUSK moved to amend the resolution by
striking- out the latter portion of it, directing the
Secretary of the Senate to subscribe for three thou-
•sand copies of the work.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will will not press his amendment, as it would
be fatal to the whole.matter. This work has
■been got-up at vast expense, and the Senate will
recollect that a very high estimate was placed on
it by the late Secretary of State in a communica-
tion made to this body. If this amendment shall
prevail, the work cannot be published. I under-
stand that ft has been drawn up with great ability,
«nd pretty-much under the superintendence and
patronage "of the State Department, and at its in-
stigation. The work, when printed, will consist
of about five hundred pages, with a chart which
has been made at great expense and\vith great
...-difficulty. The price cannot exceed two dollars,
and the paper will be fine and the execution good.
TKe work, it is supposed, will be of inestimable
value to the Governwent, and I really hope, there-
fore, that the amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Texas
will withdraw his amendment. I do not rise to
detain the Senate. I will take the speech of the
-Senator from North Carolina, and indorse it as
my own. The views he has suggested are, I
■think, correct. 1 believe the work will be valu-
able to the commercial interests of the whole coun-
try, vastly more so than any work which has yet
iieen published under the direction of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I am desirous of voting for
this proposition, if I can do it consistently. As 1
•understand it, this is a compilation of various
views of certain maritime Powers in the world
which is presented for publication, and that the
copyright is to be taken out in the name of the in-
dividual who has compiled the woik. It is said
•that it will be vastly beneficial to the country on
account of the valuable commercial information
which it will diffuse, and that, therefore, the Con
giess of the United States should make an appro-
priation for the publication of the work by sub-
scribing for three thousand copies. Now then,
sir, every other interest in the country—the agri-
cultural, manufacturing, and so forth—may claim
the same right to encouragement. And are we
■not-about to establish a precedent which would
involve the country in very large appropriations
to cause these publications to be made ? Not ap-
propriations directly, but in a worse shape, indi-
rectly, by subscribing in advance for copies. I
.submit this view merely to inquire if this is con-
sistent with the practice of this Government, and
if it i3 in tended in this way to lay the foundation
of a system of general appropriations for all the
interests of the country ? Then I will be prepared
to vote aye or no. But I see nothing in this par-
ticular measure, anxious as I am to see it pub-
lished, which would justify me as a Senator in
making appropriations to procure its publication,
especially when I know nothing myself of the con-
tents of the work, and when it has not been pre-
pared under any resolution or authority from
Government, but is simply the act of an individ-
ual now claiming the cooperation of Government
to procure its publication.
Mr. HAMLIN. A word in reply to what has
fallen from the Senator from Geoj-gia. This is a
communication made to Congress by virtue,of a
^resolution which has passed this body. It was
compiled under the direction of the late Secretary
of State. It comes to us in that authentic form.
So much, then, in answer to that part of the gen-
tleman's proposition. But the Senator anticipates
that if we publish this work, or subscribe for any
copies of it when published, it will lead to like
results in various Branches of industry and other
departments of the Government. We have al-
ready published, I believe at this session of Con-
gress, ten thousand extra copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, a labored report
involving the industrial pursuits of all, this broad
land. We have published ten thousand copies of
a labored work which attempts to show the neces-
sity of protection to American industry,a doctrine
which I believe find§ favor on the other side of the
Chamber. I voted for the publication of that work,
because I was perfectly willing that those doc-
trines—erroneous in my opinion—should he cir-
culated broadcast, on the ground that error may
be promulgated where^ruth is left free to pursue
and combat it. Here, then, is a document which
we have already published, involving, as gentle-
men say, all the industrial pursuits of the country-
Well, now, here is a document which was fur-
nished from another department, involving the
interests of commerce, which are against the re-
striction of tariffs. Is it not right and just, then,
that these views should be spread before the peo-
ple of this country for the purpose of facilitating,
and aiding, and advancing the interests of com-
merce in that section of the country which is com-
mercial? And is it different from the report of the
Secretary which came here and wasprinted directly
by order of this branch of the Government? If
we may take the whole mass of the report of the
Secretary of State and publish it if we think prop-
er, we may, also, if it is advisable, and I believe
it is, select from it those portions which come more
directly to the aid of commerce, and offer sugges-
tions and hold out inducements which may be
beneficial to the commerce of the country. If that
be the case, it is equally as proper to take the
copies of another printer as to print them ourselves.
I can see no distinction between the two casps.
Mr. FOOTE. After all that has been said in
relation to the merits of this publication, I can say
but little; but 1 beg leave to remind the Senate that
the author of this work has had the good fortune
to enjoy the warm and decided approbation of
two Administrations at least of this Government.
This is the same individual in favor of whom the
late Administration recommended an appropria-
tion of $10,000, the object of which was to dispatch
him—for he was the person almost designated at
the time—to Asia for the purpose of collecting
information on the important subject of which he
treats so ably in this work. The late Adminis-
tration seemed equally to approve of his labors,
for the late Secretary of State, after a thorough
scrutiny of this book, recommended it to the favor-
able consideration of this body.' The Committee
on Foreign Relations had this matter before thern,
as you, sir, are aware, and, upon examination of
it, unanimously decided thatitwasof much value,
and recommended that its publication should take
place in the mode proposed. The present Secre-
tary of State, then a member of this body, as we
all know, rose in his place and delivered a formal
eulogy on it, and stated that he had examined and
ascertained the merits of this work, and was pre-
pared to vouch for it. Under such circumstances
can gentlemen hesitate about making this appropria-
tion, and recompensing a patriotic and public-
spirited man for the Arduous labors he has ex-
pended in the public service? True, in the first
place they were voluntary, but the result of those
labors was called for and officially presented to
us at the instance of the Department of State.
Therefore 1 think that, under all the circumstan-
ces of the case, inasmuch as we have every reason
to believe the work to be one of vast importance
to the commercial interests of the country, as has
been asserted by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] we ought not to hesitate about making
this small appropriation, particularly as it is prob-
able that it can never accomplish the high purpose
to which it is devoted, unless we shall provide for
its diffusion in the manner proposed.
Mr. RUSK. This matter is an old acquaint-
ance of mine, and has been here for some three,
four, or five years. In the first place it came in
the shape of e proposition for an appropriation to
employ a gentleman as an. agent to' eofleet mate-
rials and publish a book, and I am not sure that-it
was not rejected for two sessions.
Mr. FOOTE. I can assurS the Senator that no
proposition in reference to this work was ever be-~
fore the Senate until the present Session. The
former proposition was simply to send out aa
agent.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator is mistaken. 1 am
too well acquainted with the work and the author
to be under any misapprehension. He is a highly
intelligent gentleman, by the name of Palmer, and
I know him well. At the last session of Congress,
after a full debate, a proposition to appropriate
four or five thousand dollars to employ him as a
commercial agent to publish a- book was rejected
by a large majority. The same materials, I un-
derstand, have been prepared by him on his own
volition, and by some resolution of the Senate
they were called for from the Department of State,
and received the sanction of the late Secretary of
State. Ic may be.a very valuable work, and I
■ have no doubt that it is, from the ability and in-
telligence of the author, but are we to subscribe
for every valuable book that is published ? There
are hundreds more-valuable, perhaps, than this,
and where is this matter to end ? This is for th«
benefit of a particular class only; but, if we are to
go into this business, let us subscribe for such
works as are of general benefit. I am opposed> to
this system of book publishing, involving us*in
the expenditure of thousands of dollars, when, as
all know, if the works #re really valuable, they
will be published by private individuals.
Mr. DAYTON. This is in truth a subject with
which we have been a great deal acquainted for
some time past, yet I think we have been most
favorably acquainted with it. At all events, thosg
who have at any time inspected the work of this
gentleman have pronounced upon it in-terms of
approbation. The Secretary of State under a for-
mer Administration gave such sanction to the sub-
ject that he recommended it strongly to the con-
sideration of Congress. The late Secretary of
State (Mr Clayton) likewise appreciated the la-
bors of this gentleman highly, and the present
Secretary of State looks upon thtm in the same
lisht. The Committee on Foreign Relations,
whose attention has been especially directed to
this subject, speak in the same terms of those la-
bors, and recommend them to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress. Tfte labors -themselves
have been produced in part by the resolution of
Congress, and now the only question is, whether,
under these circumstances, sve will put the thing
in a situation which will enable this employe of,
Congress to spread his manuscript matter before
the public? Inasmuch as it is a matter of that
especial character, havr g no general interest, to
make it readable, it' I may be allowed the expres-'
sion,or attractive to the public mind.it is necessary
to give seme aid in this form to the attempt to se-
cure the benefits of those labors. I am prepared
to give it, and not because it favors orie particular
class or interest, to wit, the commercial interest, in
preference to another; for I take it that anything
which tends to the spread of commerce tends to
the benefit of agriculture and of alkthe manufac-
turing and industrial interests of the country.
Commerce stands simply m reference to every
other industrial interest as the wagon stands to
the farm—it is merely the vehicle by which its
products are carried to market. Anything, there-
fore, which tends to extend facilities or accommo-
dations of this kind, although its primary benefit
may be to commerce as such, yet its ultimate apd
real benefit is to that which stands behind and is
the subject of commerce. I therefore deal .with
this as a question which applies to the great
industrial interests of the country, and I hope, un-
der all the circumstances of the subject, the Senate
will not hesitate to grant the aid asked for.
Mr. SOULE. I cannot but join in the com-
mendation which has been bestowed on this book.**
I have had occasion to read it, and I think it
valuable, and well calculated to impart much in-
formation upon the matters of which it treats. .'I
think it is one of those books which will more
than repay whatever expenses the Government
may incur in aiding its publication. I had occa-
sion to read in some French-Review the opinion
which was entertained by some of the .highest sci-
entific authorities in France upon these researches
