530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
treme oppression, where a State would be justified
before the world in resisting the acts of a majority,
and in seceding from this Union or from any other.
We can all suppose such a case; but sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof; and when that
evil day comes, let those who have the responsi-
bility, act upon it, and decide for themselves and
for their posterity. There has generally been a
sound public opinion existing in our country.
Wisdom and patriotism are found in both houses
of Congress, as well as in the State legislatures,
whqge influence is everywhere felt and appreciated;
and these are salutary cheeks against the abuse of
power. And we happily possess another institu-
tion—the Supreme Court—which contributes its
full share to the stability of our institutions. There
are nine men, advanced in years, with neither the
power of the sword nor the purse, whose de-
cisions are received with confidence, and obeyed
with alacrity, from one end of this broad Republic
to the other. It is an oasis in the desert of poli-
tics—a green spot for the eye to rest upon—it is
a tribunal of which we may all be proud. There
is none higher upon the face of the earth. By
their ability, their dignity, their impartiality, their
unimpeached probity, the judges have won the
respect of their countrymen; and besides the per-
formance of their judicial functions, they every-
where exert a salutary influence upon public opin-
ion. It is refreshing to leave these chambers of
discussion and dissension, and to enter the hall
below us, and mark the tranquillity and wisdom
with which the high interests of the community
are there considered and determined.
Sir, at the last session of that Court a sublime
moral spectacle was presented, of which every
American may justly be proud. One of the great-
est States of this Union appeared at the bar and
made itself a party, asking the Court to judge its
cause, and to remove certain impediments to the
navigation of the Ohio river, which were considered
an injury by the Commonwealth of Pennsylva-
nia. Yes, like an individual, that Slate asked the
Court to sit in judgment upon the cause, and to
direct the impediments to be removed. Who
would witness such a spectacle if this Union were
dissolved ? Differences like this would then be
adjusted, not by reason, but by the strong hand.
Another similar scene passed in the same place a
shoit time since, whp,n two States, members of
this Corifedeiacy, disputing about their bounda-
ries, asked this court to decide between them;
and the'court did decide; and I understand the
line (hey fixed, is now running by commissioners
armed only with a slip of paper, and through a
country heretofore highly excited by this ques-
tion, but now calm and satisfied, leaving the sur-
veyors to perform (heir duty with as much safety
as if protected by all the foice of the Republic.
Such lines elsewhere are run by armies, and
maiked by the sword. Thus it will be seen that
our Government has a mode of settling difficul-
ties—a constitutional mode—that ought to com-
mand the assent of all.
I do not deny that there may be great political
_cases where this court can have no jurisdiction.
'When such cases arise, I trust a peaceable remedy
will be found for their adjustment. 1 leave that
to time and events. It is one of national charac-
teristics to neglect our immediate advantages, and
to look forward to some great calamity, which is
to overtake us after the lapse of centuries.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] has not stated the amendment by which he
proposes to secure the equilibrium of the Govern-
ment. There are, however, two indications in his
speech which leave but little doubt as to the nature
of the remedy, though its details must of course
be conjecturat. He pointed out two difficulties in
the operations of the Government, which it would
be necessary to obviate:
First, that it claimed to use force in order to
carry into effect the powers it felt authorized to
exercise. Well, sir, what Government exists, or j
ever existed, which does not use force? Human 1
beings are influenced by hope and fear, (I leave i
higher considerations out of view in this discus- i
sion,] and, as 110 Government is rich enough to buy 1
obedience, it must compel it by force.
The second difficulty is, that the Government !j
assumes to judge of the extent of its own powers. , |
It does so, and necessarily; and so must every |
other Government, in a greater or less degree. !*j
do not propose to enter into any argument upon
this point, nor to investigate the course necessary
to pursue in the event of collisions of opinion be-
tween the General and State Governments. That
must be determined by events as they arise. I
merely allude to these topics briefly, in order, by
ascertaining the evils supposed to exist by the
Senator from South Carolina, to ascertain the na-
ture of the remedy he is desirous of applying to
them. He is seeking a constitutional remedy,
which shall produce an equilibrium, by which the
rights of every section and of every interest of
the country can be preserved from aggression.
The South is not the only section which is liable
to oppression. There are also the East, the West,
and the remote West, which may have the same
cause of complaint; and the various interests I
have already enumerated may, in like manner,
each demand peculiar protection. There is to be
some controlling principle within the Constitution
by which its operations may be regulated when
these several sections or interests may consider
their rights assailpd or endangered; for I do not
suppose the honorable Senator is so local in his
views as to propose a remedy which shall not be
applicable, under similar circumstances, to every
portion of the country. And that remedy is an
equilibrium, as it is called, which, when translated
into English, means a plan by which a sectional
minority may, at its pleasure, control or suspend
the operations of the Government. I have already
said, that the general plan is more easily ascer-
tained, than the specific details. Well, sir, such
an equilibrium, instead of being a balance-wheel,
would be a check-wheel—it would stop the whole
operations of the Government—it would, in fact,
place it under the control of a minority.
Now, sir, these minority Governments are not
new in the world ; they have existed since the
institution of civil society, and will continue, 1
suppose, until it is terminated. There are many
of them found in Europe, and in other quarters of
the world. There is one at St. Petersburg, another
at Constantinople, and another at Vienna; and
these Governments take very good care of the rights
of the minority; but I do not see the advantage of
the plan, for I believe the rights of the majority
are very little regarded—at any rate, such is the
opinion of the Poles and of the Hungarians, and
of many an oppressed people beside. It is all
idle, sir, to talk of such a plan. Provide proper
checks and limitations for all sections and interests
as a just foresight may require; but after this is
done by the Constitution, the Government must be
conducted agreeably to the will of a majority,
unless you choose to entrust your rights to a sin-
gle man, and thus establish a despotism. That, I
suppose, is the perfection of a minority Govern-
ment. No intellect, however profound, can give
plausibility to such a scheme, or obviate the in-
superable difficulties which would present them-
selves in any political organization thus strangely
constituted. The machine would stop by its own
inherent arrangements. Such minorities would,
in fact, become majorities, controlling public affairs
at their pleasure.
Mr. President, I will terminate my remarks as
speedily as possible, and I trust the Senate will
bear with me a litile longer. There are one or two
circumstances, alluded to by the Senator from
South Carolina, which I desire to notice, and which
appears to me not a little extraordinary. I hold in
one hand }he speech of the Senator from South
Carolina, and in the other Ihe speech of a gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] delivered
the other day in the House of Representatives a
gentleman who, in all his opinions upon the sub-
ject before us, so far as we know, , is directly the
opposite of the Senator from South Carolina ay,
as far as the antipodes—as far asunder as the poles.'
The bane and antidote are both bifore me. The distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina says, in that
speech, that this Government is one as absolute as
that of the Autocrat of Russia. The expression
is strong, and I will read it from the speech, so
that I may not be accused of misrepresentation:
" What was once a constitutional Federal Republic 19
now convened 111 reaiitv into one as absolute as that of the
Autocrat or Russia, and as despotu- in its tendency as any
al^otute Government tliat everejusted." i
Mr. BUTLIiR, Who says that? j
Mr. CASS. Your colleague, the distinguished !
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought you were reading j
from another speech.
Mr. CASS. No, air; from the speech of your
colleague. He says, that this i3 the most despotic
Government on the face of the eaith. Well, sir,
the Representative from Pennsylvania reiterates a
similar sentiment, and speaks of this Government
as a despotic one. All this shows how ofien ex-
tremes meet in this world; and it is not a little
curious that both these gentlemen, in the illustra-
tion of their views, /refer to the Autocrat of Rus-
sia.
We lose all our confidence in the force of lan-
guage, and in ihe authority of years and intellect,
when such extravagant assertions are presented to
us. Is there a man in this broad land, who does
not know, and feel instinctively, that he is free?
And yet he is told seriously—not jn an extempo-
raneous debate, such as we are now engaged in,
when no man should be held to a rigid account-
ability for his expressions—but in a prepared
speech, written and printed before 11s delivery,
and laid upon our tables immediately aftei—and 1
believe, sent through all parts of our country co-
temporaneously—we are told, I say, that this is
the most despotic Government on the face of the
earth! And who tells us so? One of the most
distinguished men of this country—a man who has
rendered her important services, and occupied high
places in her councils, for more than one-third of a
century—possessing the highest intellect and un-
spptted integrity, and who has won a world-wide
reputation! What will be thought and said of
this in Europe—in republican Europe—in mon-
archical Europe? Why, sir, it is 011 its way to
Siberia already. It will be transferred into every
paper on the eastern continent, and even the Si-
berian will be admonished, that he lives under a
paternal Government far better than that despotic
democracy, nicknamed the Pattern Republic, on
the other shore of the Atlantic—thus characterized
by one of its most renowned citizens ano highest
officers. All this does serious injury to the cause
of freedom throughout the world. Outofourowit ■
mouths are we condemned. Let an American go
to Europe, and if he come back, arid does not
say that this is not the worst Government on
earth—nay, if he does not say it is the best—let
his countrymen distrust him. His head or heart
is wrong—probably both. Another word, and I
abandon this topic.
Mr. President, 1 am going to give one proof—
one irrefragible proof, that will not be contradicted,
and which, indeed, admits of no contradiction—
tbat this, instead of being the most despotic, is the
freest, Government in the world. I ask every one
in the Senate chamber, actor or auditor, whether,
under any other Government now in existence—
be it a constitutional monarchy, an aristocracy, a
democracy, or a despotism—if such a speech as
thit we heard from the Senator from Souih Caro-
lina, could be delivered with impunity? That is
the question I ask. Go to Europe, to Asia, to
Africa, for an answer, if you need one. He who
should make such an experiment in St. Peters-
burg, would find himself on the road to Siberia
in half an hour; and in Constantinople, he would
find the bow-string around his neck in the same
time. In England, it would send him to Australia,
where many a good man has been transported for
language les3 significant. There is not a couniry
on the face of the earth, wheie a man could make
such a speech with impunity. I thank God thai
this is so, and that a man may say here what he.
pleases, and as he pleases. He may assail the
Government with perfect safety, its principles, its
practices, and its tendencies; and there is no one te
make him afraid. All this but provokes investi-
gation, and the more our institutions are investi-
gated, the stronger will they become in the hearts
of the people, who will continue to love the Gov-
ernment, which has given them a greater measure
of prosperity than any other people ever enjoyed,
and will support anil defend it against all assaults.
Such sentiments never .'.truck my ear before in this
high place, and I trust I may never hear them
again.
There is another subject to which I must allude.
Almost at the time the Senator from South Caro-
lina was endeavoring to show how the North had
injured and oppressed the South, and how the
Government, or rather the majority, had gone on
to assume despotic power—almost at that very
time, a distinguished member from Virginia, in
the House of Representatives, [Mr Meabe,] was
placing in singular contrast, the authority which
