1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1<
"bored." - The memorial to which reference has
been made was one which I presented some time
ago. It related to a valuable paper, and was taken
out of the body of a large work.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Atchison, to substitute " 1,500 copies" for
i( 3,000 copies," and it was rejected.
There being no further amendment, the resolu-
tion was reported to the Senate.
The question was then taken on ordering the
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading, and
a division being called for, there were for the mo-
tion—ayes 18, noes 13. . f
So the motion was agreed to.
* THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to j>rovide-for the more effectual execution of
the third clause of the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. MASON, I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland in such way
as to provide that the jury who. are to try these
issues, shall try the issue whether or not there has
bsen any collusion on the part of the claimant. I
have submitted the amendment to the Senator
from Maryland, and he is willing to accept it as a
modification.
The PRESIDENT. It ia proposed to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland, by
inserting after the word "issues," in the fifth line
of the fourth section, the following: words:
✓
" And whether or not there has been collusion on the part
of the claimant, either in the escape of said fugitive or in tlie
proceedings foi his recovery."
- Mr. PRATT. I accept the modification.
The PRESIDENT. It is further proposed to
amend the amendment, by inserting after the word
" court," where it first occurs in the tenth line of
the same section, " that in the opinion of the jury
there was no such collusion. "
Mr. PRATT. I accept that-modification also.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland, as mod-
ified.
Mr. DAYTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DICKINSON. My colleague is not here.
On this question and all those involved in it, I agreed
to pair off with him until his return. I am anxious
to vote on this bill, and I hope he will return this
evening, so as to enable me to do so.
A long: debate ensued, in which Messrs. DAY-
TON, ATCHISON, FOOTE, PRATT, MASON,
and BERRIEN participated, and for which, see
Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 22, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MrrSTANLY inquired of the Speaker what
was the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER said, the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. McLANE, of Mary land, (by unanimous
consent,) withdrew the memorial and papers of
A. Pollard, which had been improperly referred.
Mr. RICHARDSON (expressing the hope that
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment would be disposed of to-day) moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Tellers Were ordered, and Messrs. Root and
Waldo were appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 100, noes 31.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the current fiscal year.
The pending question was on the motion, made
yesterday, to strike out the following:
 c For the support, care, and medical treatment of twelve
transient pauper medical or surgical patients in the Wash-
ington Infirmary, two thousand doliats, to he expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings: Provided, The physicians and surgeons of the atoie-
said infirmary give bonds tor the maintenance of twelve
pauper transient patients during one year, if application he
made for their reception, and bind themselves to keep
rooms for the accommodation of twelve pauper patients
weekly on an average during the year."
Mr.vBROWlSr} of Mississippi, said, that with-
out going into a discission upon this matter, and
without having heard the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois who had submitted the motion
Co strike out the item, he (Mr. B.) desired to say
that this appropriation had been inserted in the
appropriation bills for several years past, and was'
a matter of importance to the citizens of this Dis-
trict. #The object of the item was to make pro-
vision for paupers who did not properly belong
here, and who, therefore, did not properly consti-
tute a 'charge upon th$ citizens. He could not
conceive what the object of the gentleman in
moving to strike out could be, unless he was under
a misapprehension as to the purpose for which
the money was appropriated.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, a typographical
error in the S02d line of the bill was ordered to be
corrected.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following amendment:
" For continuing the sewer under Pennsylvania avenue,
on the east side of Fourteenth street, to the canal, $3,000;
to he expended under the direction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings."
Mr. B. explained the obligation of the Govern-
ment to make the appropriation for the sewer, and
the necessity, with reference to the health of the
citizens, for its construction.
The question was taken and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FITCH moved to strike out the item appro-
priating $8,600 for the expenses of pauper luna-
tics in the Maryland hospital at Baltimore.
Mr. F. said, he knew of no reason why the Gov-
ernment should appropriate money for the sup-
port of Maryland paupers, any more than for those
of any other State.
Mr. BAYLY. I am sure that my medical
friend does not understand the object of the appio-
priation, or he would not press his amendment.
These are District lunatics; but as there is not suffi-
cient accommodation for thero in the Washington
asylum, they were sent to the Maryland asylum.
We are bound to take care of these persons, and
it is a matter of economy to effect the purpose in
this way.
Mr. FITCH. With that explanation I with-
draw the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot, by
the rule, withdraw the amendment except with the
unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. STANLY objected.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, offered the following
amendment, viz:
"That the duties now due the United States upon a cer-
tain importation oi printed hooks, contained m three c<iM\ ,
marked 193, 195. and 3, and ehipped by William Crickner,
from London, England, in the ship J. W. Andrews, unto
Messrs. ilili & Sears, Boston, the value ol said books being
j£78 4s. fW. sterling, he and the same are hereby remitted :
Provided, That ir shall be made to appear to the satisfaction
ol the Secretary of the Treasury that said books have not
been imported for sale, but for charitable and gratuitous cir-
culation by religious societies in the United States."
The question was put on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, offered the
following amendment, to come in at the end of the
817th line of the bill:
« For refimdingto John Joseph Chance, Bishop of Natch-
ez, the duty paid on a cathedral bell presented to said
Bishop by Prince Alexander Torlouia, of Home."
Mr. T. said he was instructed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to report this amendment.
The facts are few, and I cannot suppose that there
will be any opposition to this proposition when
it is understood.
Some few years since Bishop Chance, of Natch-
ez, Mississippi, a prelate of excellent character
and high intelligence, visited Italy, and there made
the acquaintance of Prince Alexander Torlonia,
of Rome. This munificent Prince, desirous of
making some manifestation of his high apprecia-
tion of the character of the learned Bishop, and
his deep interest in the prosperity and success of
the American church, presented a bell of rare
workmanship Jto the Roman Catholic congregation
at Natchez.
This splendid bell weighs thiee thousand poundsj
and the cost at Rome was $3,000. The generous
donor sent the necessary fixtures to put up the bell,
and directed his agents..that the whole should'be
done at his individual expense/ The duly was
paid at New Orfeans, and amounted to $250 on thee
bell and fixtures.
The bell, as a work of art, is worthy of this lib-
eral Prince^ and worthy of the classic country
from which it comes. Our tariff law already ex-
empts from duty books, philosophical apparatus,
works of art, instruments, &c., imported for coj-
lege§, schools, &c. This magnificent present comes
within the spirit and purview, of the existing law.
A strong consideration in favor of refunding the
duties, is the fact that Prince Alekander Torlonia
will permit neither the bishop nor the churcli at
Natchez to pay this tax to the Government. It
becomes the Government, therefore, to relinquish
this contribution upon the generosity of a distin-
guished foreign friend of America and American
institutions. It is our obvious policy to cultivate,
rather than repress, these generous manifestations
of friendship and kind feeling. . «
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following amend-
ment:
" For continuing the publication of the works of the Ex-
ploring expedition, $25,000," e
The amendment having been read,
Mr. JONES raised the question of order upon *
it. . ¥
The.CHAIRMAN said, the Chair could not see
anything in the amendment which, in thejudgment
of the Chair, made it out of order.
Mr. HOLMES explained, that the amendment
proposed to continue the appropriation heretofore
made towards developing the results of the Explo-
ring Expedition.
Tellers wefe oidered, and Messrs. Meade, and
Fowler, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 71, noes 85.
So the amendment was rejected.
Several items were«read without interruption.
The section providing for custom-houses being
under consideration—
Mr. BAYLY moved an amendment:
<c For repairs, alterations, and furniture, for the new cus-
tom-house at Portland, Maine, $8,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. FULLER moved the following amend-
ment: , 1
" For repairs arid furniture of the custom-house at Ca -
ttne, in the district of Penobscot, $3,600."
In explanation of the amendment, he said thai
the building was purchased by the Government in
1847, for $400; $1,100 was appropriated March
1847, for the purpose of purchase and repairs; the
build ins: was built and had been owned and used
by the county of Hancock, for its public officers.
Upon examination and repair, it was found to be
m such a dilapidated condition that the sum ap-
propriated was inadequate. The matter bad been
considered by the Committee of Ways and Means,'
and the appropriation asked for disallowed, on-the
ground that it would fall more properly under the
supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
should bfe-repaired out of the appropriation for the
expenses of collecting the revenue. The Secre-
tary, upon examination of the late law providing
for the collection of the revenue, decided that it
did not fall within the scope of his authority. The
committee were of the opinion that the repairs
were necessary and proper.
Mr. STANLY said he believed the Committee
of Ways and Means had had this amendment un-
der consideration, and rejected it He raised the
point of order that the amendment was not in
order. He inquired of the gentleman from Maine
what was the amount of revenue received at that
custom-house ?
Mr. FULLER replied, that the expenses of
collecting the revenue m that district were $8,304—
the port having a collector, eight inspectois, one
weigher, one guager, and three measurers, with a
revenue boat attached for the preventive service.
This port had an aggregate amount of tonnage of
36,484 tons—about 16,000 of which was engaged
in the coasting trade, about 11,000 in the cod fish- -
ery, and upwards of 2,000 in the mackerel fishery.
The amount of revenue received was about $2,000,
besides fees and emoluments, whitfh went to defray
the expenses of the officers.
