im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
of the gentleman who has thus arraigned me; he
had heard the story, and, I presume, believed it;
but he should have ascertained the facts, before
he thus summoned me—not in the heat of an ex-
cited contest, but in the cool hours of legislation—
to the bar of the House of Representatives, and,
in effect, to the bar of the country. The charge,
sir, places me in the position of a Pharisee, thank-
ing God that I am better than the men of the
South, and free from offences which they commit.
All this is as contrary to my feelings a$, to my
kabits. I cast no reflections upon the South then,
or at any other time.
What I said and did, I will now state, and if a
single Senator on this floor will condemn my
course, I will then confess that this charge is not I
as wholly groundless as it appears to me. j
While I was in France, it is well known that
Great Britain had formed a plan by which she in- !
tended to gain the command of the seas. There !
is no secret about this now, and it has been openly j
avowed. Her object was, under the pretext of >
putting an end to the slave-trade, to board our
vessels, which would have been followed by the
imprisonment of our seamen, and other acts of
aggression incident to her naval superiority. My
friend, Mr. Stevenson, was then our representative
in London. It. is the first and great duty of an
American minister abroad, when the rights of his
country are assailed, to assert and defend them.
Mr. Stevenson did so in an able and fearless man-
ner, in a correspondence marked with signal abil-
ity. During the progress of the controversy, the
public mind in England became much excited, and
there was a strong effort made to connect the con-
tinuance of the slave-trade with the condition of
slavery in our country, as though the former were
essential to the latter. All the tirades against
slavery we sometimes hear at home, were poured
out there.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in his elo-
quent speech the other day, spoke of a Congres-
sional and an American vocabulary; but I can tell
him there is such a thing as an English and a
Parliamentary vocabulary, and i have never heard
a worse one, when circumstances call it out, on
this side of Billingsgate. Well, sir, my friend
Mr. Stevenson received his full share of these
choice compliments. What was said? Why, that
he was a slaveholder and a slavebreeder, and there-
fore his testimony was discredited and worthless;
that he was an interested witness, and not to be
believed; and all this produced its effect upon the
excited temperament of the English people. When
it came to my turn to take part in the defence of I
my country, I explained my views in a pamphlet, :
from which 1 will read an extract:
" As to thf status of slavei v itself, it weie idle to contend
if is illegal by the common consent of mankind. It has: < *.
istetl since the earliest ages of the world, <md theie is prob-
ably no nation, ancient or modern, among whom it has not
been known. By some it ha? been abolished, and where it
yet smvives, we hope its condition Iia« been mehointed. !
This is certainly true of the United State?. A geneial dis ;
position is gaining ground m improve the situation of tin* j
unfortunate clas<* of society. Tin* is felt in the southern !
States of the American Confederacy as well as ohewheie, i
and he who should judge Of the treatment of the slaves in 1
that icgion, by their treatment in the West India colonic, ;
would do the southern planter egregious injustice. * * * j
"We are no sl.i-eholder—we never have been—we :
never shall be. We deprecate its existence in piineipio, !
and pray (or its abolition everywhere, where this can lie '
effected justly, and peaceably, and safely for both paities. '
Hut we would not carry fire, and devastation, and murder, !
and rum.into a peaceful community, to pu-b on the actoni- i
plishmenl of the object. But, after bavins visjipd the three '
quarters of the old continent, we say, before God and the '
world, that we have se^n far more, and moie frightful !
misery, <-inee we lauded iu Europe—and we have notMsit- 1
i d Ireland yet—than we have seen among this cla^s of peo- |
pie in the Cnitcd States. Whatever may be said, Theie h |
much of the pattiarchal iclation between the southern !
planter and the slave. And as to the physical di«tres«, 1
which is seen hi Euiope, i esultmg from a want of food, and !
from exposure to <i ngorons winter, without adequate cloth- ;
jng, we believe it to be <-o raio as not to form a just clement i
in th<> enn*ideialio  of tins matter. But the subject of the 1
emancipation of two millions and a half of human beings, !
living among anoth* r population, of different rare at.d color, j
and with dilfeienf habits arid feelings, is one of the gravest i
questions winch can be submitted to society to solve. It ;
can he safely left only to those who are to he so seriously ;
affected by it; and there it is left by the Constitution of the .
United States. It i^ a matter with which the Genera! Gov- !!
eminent has no concern." ;:
There is the testimony which I bore to the con- !■
dition of American slavery while in Europe, and
for which 1 am now condemed in the. House of ;■
Representatives. Why did I speak thus? For I
the purpose of showing that I was a disinterested i,
witness, and that my statements were not subject !•
to the suspicions attempted to be cast upon Mr.
Stevenson. Here -I close my extract, and my de-
fence, and leave gentlemen from the South to as-
sail me for my assault upon that section of our
common country and its institutions.
Mr. FOOTE. I had intended to-day, had I en-
joyed a (avorable opportunity of doing so, to make
a few remarks explanatory of my owp attitude in
reference to the questions under discussion; but
the Senate will perceive that it is too late to do so
now. I will state in general terms, what I came
here prepared to show. I may be in error or not,
"in regard to the questions referred to; I may be in
advance of the South generally, or the reverse, in
regard to the measures proper to be adopted at the
present crisis; but one thing is certain, that I am
perfectly in unison with my own State, as I hope
to be always hereafter. Sir, I hold in my hand a
document, from which I intend to read an extract
or two, which I am sure will be listened to with
patience, and even satisfaction, by a majority of
this body, and which 1 am certain will be found far
more edifying than anything which I could origin-
ate. It is the opening address of Chief Justice
Sharkey, at the late Mississippi Convention, in
the proceedings of which originated the grand
schcme of the Nashville Convention; and I beg
leave simply to say,that hereafter I shall rely upon
this address and the resolutions adopted by our
convention, to prove that I have not said a word
here, during the last four days, in which I was
not justified by matured public sentiment at home,
and in which I am not likely to be sustained here-
after by that high-spirited and patriotic constitu-
ency whom it is my highest pride to serve and to
obey. I need not add, sir, that I intend to stand
by the position of Mississippi, as asserted in the
proceedings of her convention, now and hereafter,
firmly, faithfully, and fearlessly—neither going to
the right nor to the left, to please or displease, to
gratify or to affront, any man or set of men, here or
elsewhere.
Before I proceed to read the extracts promised,
allow me to introduce to honorable Senators the
distinguished author of the address referred to, the
honorable William L. Sharkey. It was thus that
I had occasion lately to write of him, in a commu-
nication addressed to the editors of the Union, in
October last, preliminary to this same address, the
publication of which I was then soliciting:
" William L. Sharkey has been known for more than
twenty >ears as one of the ablest juiists in the southwest-
ern scciion of the Ilepublic. lie is as remai kable lor all
the vuiues which belong to social and domestic life, as he is
for loyal learning and elevated patnoti'-m. He is distin-
guish* (I above most men for sweetness and placidity of tem-
per, a bland courtesy of m.mneis, and a di-cieet and cau-
tious cneumspection and forbeaiance, under all cncumstan-
■ ces of trial and irritation. He has, (or main jeans past, had no
i particular connection with scenes of political sti ife, but has
; been recognized by all who know Imn as a uniform and m-
j flexible Whig; and hp voted, in the late Piesidential elec-
tion, for the present Chief Magistrate of the United States,
as did pieci«ely one half of the members of the convention
over which he was, on this occasion, called to preside.
When all these facN come to be duly considered, it is to be
; hoped that his wotds of stern remonsiranee and solemn
warning, will not he disregarded by those who love the
i Union, and aie desirous that oui fiee institutions 4-ludl be
perpetuaied."
So much for the author of the address. Now
listen, if you please, to the extracts promised:*
i "The subject of your contemplated deliberations is an
important one—nothing less than a question involving in
its. con-cquences, the liberty of tin* people—peihap-> direct-
i ly or remotely the liberty of other nations. I tru«.t that you
1 w 11 appioaelf it dispassionately—that you will lay aside
. your party predilections, and meet it, not as politicians, but
t patuots—ae states-men. We lmd fluttcicd oursrlves
' that the, capacity of man for self-government was no longer
! a subject ot doubt. Wc have boasted of ours, as an exam-
j pie ol a free Government, based on an enduring foundation.
: I tin^t if may prove so; but events of recent occurrence
1 seem to forebode danger. The convocation of this assem-
; bly—the intense interest manifest in every countenance
i here -are proofs that there is cau-e of alarm. For a time we
i .have been prosperous and happy under a free Government,
; but that time, in the great history of man, is but a brief
: space—a mere point. The pajje of histoiyis yet fre«h which
■ records our existence as a nation of freemen. Scar e has
. the stain of revolutionaiy blood, sh- d for liberty, faded from
, the face of the land, before it has been found ntc-ssaiy for
the people of the South to piepare to check threatened
' aggiession. And whence this danger? Xo foreign foe
! threatens us. Our countrymen--our brother6—are arrayed
. against u* in civil strife. They seem to foiget that they !
ate allied to us by tiie most sacred tics, and to foigrt
the value of the Union. J3iinded by the poison of fan/in- i
, cisHi, they seek to abridge our constitutional rights in the
* Mr. Foote, owing to the lateness of the hour, did not
read as much of the Address as is here inserted; but, with
this brief explanation, we give the entire portion that waa
intended to b« lead.
enjoyment of our property, under the mask of false human-
ity. If the right to do so was unques ionable, in Christian
chanty it should he asserted without inflicting remorseless
stings to our sensibilities. The entire independence of the
States was achieved by the most memorable struggle that-
history records. The} were separate and independent sov-
ereignties, and first united under articles of confedeiation..
These articles w. re defective, mainly in not having pro-
vided proper means for raising a revenue, and in not giving
Congress sufficient power to regulate commerce. J'hese.
defects gave rise to our present Constitution. In the Con-',
vention which formed it, the States met as equals in polltt- >
cal power. T-he small Slates weie unwilling to relinquish '
their equality of power—the slaveholdmg States were un-
willing to confederate, unless their slaves should ho'made
a basts of representation, and the owners secured m their
right. These were exciting subjects. After great difficulty,
they were compromi-ed. The second section of the first
article provides, that fiepresentativesaud direct taxes should
be apportioned according to numbers, to he ascertained by
adding thiee-fifths ot the slaves to the number of whites.
The second section of the fourth article provide* tor recap-
turing slaves escaping into those States wheie slavery did
not exist. In these ptovisions we have an acknowledgment
of the existence of slavery, and a guaranty torus protection,
as the basis of representation and as piopeity. The consti-
tution did not create property in slaves. Such light existed
anterioi to, and above, the Constitution. As slaves weie
owned in many of the States, ihey would not, ofcourse, have
entered into the Confederacy on s -filtering as would weaken
the light of the owner to Ins slave, or dimmish the value.
One ot the great objects of the Constitution was,that it should,
in its consequences, protcct propeify by givinir protection
and strength to the several States ; but as~the Slates were
sovereign, they could not surrender to Congress the right to
control," by legislation, tiie property of their citizens. Socli a
grant of powei would have been a complete surrender ot
sovereignty. A great consolidated Government would have
risen up* which was an evil, of all others, most dread d, and
most ngidly guarded against, by declaring that all power, not
expressly granted to Congress, was resetvod to the States or
to the people. Hence no power can he exercised unless it
has been granted by the Constitution. The safety of the
States and of the people is best preserved by holding Con-
gress stnctly within the limit of the delegated powers. No
ru'e of construction can be safe which encroaches upon in-
dividual light . The right to hold slaves as property, became
a fixed principle, insepaiahle from the other provisions of
the Constitution. Indeed, thatdeseription of propertyseems
to have been thought woiihyof specific'and special protec-
tion. The Constitution must exist and harmonize nugl! its
parts. Every principle it contains is inseparably connected
together. It is an entire thing—being the great frame-work
of the Government—lndi&solubly united iu all its parts It
would not have been formed without the insertion of every
feature; it is an infi action to violate any ot them; the sym-
metry is broken.
" Notwithstanding this unqualified recognition of proper-
ty in slaves, and the protection provtd-'d for its enjoyment
as such, )t is still contended that Congress may prohibit and
abolish it in the territories ol the United States. The terti-
toiies are common property, and cannot be appropriated by
Congiess to the use o( one portion of the common owners,
to the exclusion of another. Equality of right must, then,
pievail; and am actw hich would destroy that equality, can-
not he valid It is a principle in the law of nations, that
' all the members of the community have an equal right to
the use of tlieit common property.' Kules may be pre-
scubed by the soveifign pow"r, icgulating the manner of its
use, provided they are not inconsistent with that entire
•• quality winch ought to be preseived. Jfthe s oveieien au-
thority m ,i State or nation can do nothing which shall pro-
duce inequality iu the enjojinent of the public domain or
property, surely such authority is not possessed by the
Federal Government, which has but a limited power. The
attempt by Congress to piobibit slavery in the Territory of
California, lias caused tins meeting. That territoiy is com-
mon piopgrty. Theie each citizen' of the United States has
equal rights—is entitled to equal freedom—in the enjoyment
of the teiritones. I am proud to sav, that in acquiring it,
Mississippians display* d as much va'lor as any other por-
tion of their brethren in aims, and shed as much flood, in
proportion to their numbers, as the citizens of any of the
States. They were distinguished for their prowess in mam'
a hard-fought battle : but now they are to be told that re-
strictions must be imposed on their right to enjoy the con-
qui'St. Can wo—should we—\ ield the fruits of our valor,
and surrender with it our constitutional right of equality? 1
Congress cannot depuve us ol it,andougbt~not, if it could—
cannot say, that if we go, we mus-t leave our properly be-
jj bird 11'. Property constitutes the means of enjoyment; nnd
i j to exclude the property ol the people of the southern States,
|j is iu efieetto exclude the people, and appropriate the coun-
ti\ to the nothcr'i State-. Such a power is not possessed by
!; a Government possessing sovereignty; it could not be richi-
ll folly exercised even by a monarchy. The property of "the
'i South consists mo rly m sla\es ; and to inteidict its use on
our own soil, would not only be unjust, but an arbinary vio-
[j lation of the Constitution. It is vain to talk of our right to
j! the territories, it we may be deprived of the means of cn-
t i jojing those right-'. Tiie mere mu! js nothing; it is the u<o
j; that we may make ofit,which remieis it valuable. As well
11 might Congress intei diet the u«-e«f any othf r pioperty thpre ;
■ i it it can exclude a siavp, it may exclude a horse or tin ox.
I * * * * * * *
1 "But in the efforts to cxdudo our property from that
I territory, another faNe doctrine is promulgated, which ia
equally disa>trous to u*. We aie told that, as slavery wa#
i prohibited by ihe laws of Mexico, we cannot take slaves
i there without the authority of a law permitting it. This is
the doctrine of a class of politicians in our country wholook
, no further than the surface of the law. If this eiror were
i confined to politicians, it might be parsed over as harmless;
! but it is also the doctrine which has been unceremoniously
| promulgated by a member of the supreme bench. We
! could overlook the groundless fallacies ot a few politicians;
] but when the sanctity of the hench is perverted, and itn in-
] fluenee thrown as an element into the exciting cause of
1 malcontent and strite, there is just ground of complaint. If
