1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0BE. ♦
1627
" For the purchase of a site and building of a custom-
house at the city,, of Louisville, Kentucky, $'50,000: Pro-
vided, That the plah of the building shall be such that the
whole cost bmh of building and site shall in no event exceed
the appropriation hereby made."
Mr. M. said: I regret that the amendment
to the amendment I have, the honor to sub-
mit, falls under what the honorable chairman of
Ways and Means has been pleased to style " the
Petersburg category;" fof*l admit that it has not
been passed in review by the Committee of Ways
and Means, nor has it been asked by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. This committee will, how-
ever, be enabled, by an appeal to its own intelli-
gence, to perceive that the same considerations
which suggest the erection of- custom-houses at
Cincinnati and St. Louis, demand the erection of
a similar building at Louisville. The relative im-
portance of the trade of these places may be esti-
mated by reference to the report on commerce and
navigation. It there appears, Tby table No. 16,
that at Cincinnati thirty-eight steamers were built
last year, having a tonnage equal to 8,475 69 tons.
At Louisville, during the same time, thirty-four
steamers were built, tonnage 8,423.33; while at
-St. Louis only eleven steamers were built, and
eight sloops and canal boats: total tonnage only
2,886.51 tons. Cincinnati and Louisville, in this
branch of business, stand equal.
Now the permanent registered tonnage entered at
the two ports is also about equal: thatat Cincinnati
being 16,874.74, that at Louisville 13,954.91 tons.
The imports to the two cities is not directly shown,
because the State ofOhiohas several ports of entry
besides Cincinnati, and a lake commerce which
swells her imports. The imports through the
port of Louisville, however, from 1st July, 1848,
to 30th .Tune, 1849, introduced in American ves-
sels, is set down at $79,738—the duties collected at
§25,274, and the expenses at less than $1,000.
Mr. Chairman, the city of Louisville has increased
its population in the last decade more than one
hundred percent., and her natural facilities for
trade, the salubrity of the climate, and other ad-
'' vantages not necessary to enumerate, are inviting
capital to her bosom which promises to her a fu-
ture of greatly increased power. She will keep
pace with the other cities of the great Valley, and
must be one of the'great centres of population. I
have only to add, that the business transacted at
the custom-house at Louisville is now conducted
in an inconvenient building on our wharf, without
the slightest regard to the accommodation of the
public; and, in my opinion,the security of the pub-
he papers, enrollments, registers, and bonds, re-
quire'the appropriation I ask. 1 have not sought
to institute unnecessary comparison between the
business of Louisville and her sister cities. I
voted for the appropriations requested in behalf of
Cincinnati and St. Louis, because I believe public
interest demands them. I hope the committee
will overlook the fact that Louisville has not been
importunate in her demands upon the Treasury,
and will extend to her real wants the same liberal
supply exhibited to theothercities on the western
waters.
Mr. BAYLY had no doubt but all that had
been said by the gentleman from Kentucky was
correct, but he begged the House not to set this
precedent of building custom-houses where neither
the Secretary of the Treasury, nor the Committee
on Commerce or the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House had asked for. Although all
that had been said by the gentleman might be, and
he had no doubt was, true, this was not a proper
mode of legislating on the subject.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Marshall was rejected—ayes 49, noes 81.
' Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
" For
at the city ...   - ,.
the plan of the building shall be such tnat the whole com.
both of building and site shall in no event exceed the appro-
priation hereby made."
Mr. S. said he would remark that all the ar-
guments which had been presented by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky applied with equal force
to the city of Memphis. Memphis was at the
head of the uninterrupted navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river; it was a point wheie navigation was
never obstructed by ice, arid never prevented by
low water—which could not be said of any other
point above that place. It was true they had no
collection district there; but that was not the fault
>r the purchase of a «ue and building of a cn?tom-house
city of Memphis, Tennessee, $50,000: Provided, That .
' y. .t « , i . .. -l.-M Ka ....V, tliot tlio t'ncl
either of the people of Memphis or of the commence
there. (AJaugh.) There ought to be a collection
district there and a bill had been reported for that
purpose.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Stanton was rejected.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved the following
amendment: *
«
(t For the purchase of a site and the building of a custom-
house at Apalachicola, Florida, with rooms for a post office,'
'an$ for the use of the Federal court, §50,U00: Provided, The
whole cost shall not exceed the sum hereby appropriated."
Mr. C. said he would merely observe, in sup'
port of his amendment, that Apalachicola was the
third exporting city upon the G-ulf, exporting from
170,000 to 200,000 bales of cotton. Further than
that: the committee must be advised that a Federal
court sat at Apalachicola, for which no building
was furnished, in consequence of which the Gov-
ernment was obliged to pay a" very large amount
of rent. This amendment provided that the cus-
tom-house should be finished off, so as to provide
a room for the sessions of the court, and also one
for the post office, for which also the Government
now paid rent. He trusted the committee would
see the necessity for the appropriation, *and he
would not detain them further.
Mr. BAYLY. This is another Petersburg case.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, submitted the
following, as an amendment to the amendment:
" For the purchase of a site arid the building of a custom-
house at the town of Bannister, on Bannister river, a branch
of the Roanoke, in Halifax county, Virginia, the sum of
$1,000 : Proinded, however, That said oustom-house shall bf-
huilt of sawed logs and thatched with rye straw, and the cost
of which, in no event, to exceed the sum above appropri-
ated, unless Congress should otherwise order."
The question was put, and it was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
Bayly, (relative to the custom-houseat Bangor)—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Mr. Dun-
and Mr. Meade were appointed.
The tellers commenced to take the question.
Mr. SWEET3ER, made the point, that the
amendment was not in-order.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the point of order
came too late.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 43. Agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment:
" For the purchase of a site and the crection of a new cus-
tom-house at Mobile, to contain rooms for the post office in
that citv, and the accommodation of its officers, and also
rooms for the United States district court, and the accom-
modation of its officers, $50,000 in addition to such sum as
may he received for the sale of the old eu<tom-house build-
ing : Provided, That the plan of the bulletins shall be such
that the whole cost, both of building and site, shall in no
event exceed the appropnatioii hereby made.''
Mr. ALSTON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out $50,000, and inserting #100,000.
In support of the amendment, he said he found
that in the present bill an appropriation was made
for Charleston of $100,000. Mobile was a place of
much greater commercial importance, and he urged
that it was entitled, in justice, to at least an equal
appropriation. He begged leave to call the atten-
tion of the committee to a statement made in the
" Merchants' and Planters' Price Current," of 1st
September, 1849, showing that the receipts of
cotton at Mobile for exportation, for the year then
just closed, amounted to 518,706 bales, which
averaged 5*09 pounds each, which, at ten cents per
pound, amounted to about twenty-six and a half
millions of dollars. He would mention that this
was a short crop, and that a full crop would far ex-
ceed that amount.
He mentioned these facts to show the commer-
cial importance of Mobile, and the necessity of
providing a custom-house for the accommoda-
tion of the merchants and traders. That city had a
custom-house, it was true, but it was a very
inferior building, and he regretted that he had
not at hand the letter of the Collector of Mobile,
to show that it was in a very unsafe condition-
that large-cracks were inthe building—that appro-
priations had been made and expended for the
purpose of propping up the building, which was
now wholly insecure and unsafe.
He thought, with these remarks, the committee
could be fully satisfied that it was necessary to
make the appropriation he proposed.
He referred to the fact, that for the erection of
custom-houses, there bad been appropriated at
Boston and New York, each, overg million of dol-
lars, at New Orleans $400,000 or §500,000, at Phila-
delphia over $200,000, and at Portland, Maine,
$249,000. He begged gentlemen to bear in mind,
that Mobile was the third exporting city on
our whole coast, Gulf and Atlantic,and he thought
it could not be considered unreasonable to ask
$100,000 for the erection of a custom-house there.
After a word of conversation, in which Mr.
McMULLEN and Mr. JONES participated—the
latter asking the chairman of the Committee of .
Ways and Means, if this amendment to the
amendment did not come under the Petersburg
category—
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Bayly.
Mr. HAMMOND offered the following"amend-
ment to the amendment:
" For purchasing or erecting a bulletin? in addition to the
custom-house in Baltimore, which shaii furnish accommo-
dations for the tJnited States courts, and for the post office,
the sum of .$99,000, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury."
He said he did not intend by this amendment to
imply that the custom-house in the city of Bal-
timore was insufficient for custom-house purposes..
He believed it was not. He had not the evidence to
show that this was the case, though he did know
that the custom-house officers were not all em-
ployed in the custom-house. Some are located
in the ware-house. He would state, however,
that this custom-house was purchased a number
of years ago, for a price certainly not exceeding
$50,000. At that time the population of Balti-
more numbered some 35,000 or 40,000; it was
now est mated that the present census would
show a population of something like 160,000.
In the other important cities large appropria-
tions had been made for custom-houses, and they
hall been so constructed as to accommodate the post
offices and the Federal courts. In "the city of Balti-
more he wished to say, that they were entirely
^without the necessary accommodations for the post
office, and almost entirely without accommoda-
tions for the circuit and districts courts. The dis-
trict court room was a poor establishment, illy
ventilated and badly lighted. But that was not
the principal complaint. The great inconvenience
was, that there were but two jury rooms, one appro-
priated to the grand, and the other to the petit
jury, and frequently it happened that two petit
juries were out at the same time, in which case the
court was obliged to adjourn to give up the court
room to one of them.
The post office building of the city was in a sti 1
worse condition. It was so small that it was im-
possible to use all the force of the office within the
room, either for assorting or distributing the mail. -
The building, moreover, was so illy constructed "as
not to protect more than fifty persons from rain or
other storms, though it often happened that there
were thousands of people waiting on the outside
for I heir letters.
Under this state of facts he put it to the justice
of the committee, whether they would not make
some appropriation for this city, bearing a proper
proportion to the appropriations they made for
other cities.
Mr. BAYLY said he disliked very much to op-
pose this amendment, for from the remarks of his
friend he was quite inclined to think ft ought to
pass, but it was another Petersburg case.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Hammond was rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Bayly—
Mr. MORTON moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr Bayly, by striking out f100,000, and
insertine $120,000.
Mr. M., in a very inaudible tone, adverted to
the value of the commerce of Mobile, representing .
that the exports were equal to, if not actually ex-
ceeding those of Boston. For the erection of the
custom-houses at New York and at Boston; there_
had been already appropriated above $1,000,000.
Mobile had already risen to a state of great com-
mercial importance, and when the ne& branch rail-
road in progress shall be completed, it will1 be thS
great, port for the shipment of the cotton of the
South. He thought this the most proper period
for the erection of a custom-house at Mobile, as he
