1628
# THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 22,
did not foresee any state of (hings which could
cause a diminution of the commercial importance
of Mobile.
Mr. MOREH EAD-ralsed the question of order.
The rule requires that all appropriations shall have
passed through the hands, and undergone the re-
vision, of one of the standing committees, before
they shall pass this. House. On this ground he
must object to this mode of introducing appropri-
ations for the public buildings in the mode which
had been practiced this morning.
The CHAIR, overruled the point of order, on
the ground thatthese appropriations belonged to the
contingent expenditures of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and might be appropriated in that way.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question being on> the amendment.—
Mr. SWEETSER rose in Opposition to it.
This was a proposition for blending together the
buildings for a court-house, and a post office,
a ml custom-house. _ He thought this blending
of all these departments in one building highly
improper. The spot which would be proper for a
court-house, would not be suitable for the post
office, while that fit for a post office might be
inappropriate for a custom-house. One of these
was for the accommodation of the whole commu-
nity, while the others were only suitable for par-
ticular classes. The blending of all these depart-
"ments together was, in his opinion, decidedly
wrong.
Mr. BAYLY asked leave of the gentleman to
say, that the proper place for a custom-house was
the most business part of the city, the proper place
for a post office was the most business part of the
city; and the proper place for a court-room was
the most busy part of the city.
Mr. SWEETSER resumed. The population
of the cities was divided into several sections, and
particular interests concentrated themselves in par-
ticular sections. The reply of the gentleman from
■ Virginia was, therefore, no answer to his ques-
tion. A spot might be very appropriate for a
custom-house, yet be very inappropriate for a post
office. Different interests concentrated in different
sections of a city.
Mr. BAYLY called the attention of the gentle-
man from Ohio to the situation of the buildings
occupied as a custom-house, and as a post office in
the city of New York. They were in the irnme-
"diate vicinity of each other, and he had never
heard of any complaints on account of that prox-
finity. -
Mr. SWEETSER insisted that the one would
interfere with the other. But. he had another ob-
jection.- There had-been no plan or estimates sub-
mitted to the committee to guide its action. We
had "ho estimate of the cost of the new buildings
or of the value of the old ones, nor had we any
information from which we may know whether.
these old buildings are insufficient for the purpose.
He thought that all those amendments which had.
been offered this morning should have been re-
jected. It was acting altogether in the dark to
vote these appropriations before there had been
any estimates submitted to one of the committees,
where they might be examined. It was time for
us to pause in our course, and to vote down these
propositions before they reach a point of extrava-
gance which will alarm the country.
Mr. MORTON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the following proviso:
"Proviici, That the plan of the building shall be such
that the. whole cost, both of building and site, shall in no
event exceed the appropriation hereby made."
Mr. M. explained, that he was induced to
move this amendment in consequence of the lib-
eral appropriations made for the cities of New
York and of Boston. While such appropriations
were made, he wished to ask gentleman of the
North how they could expect to build a custom-
house at Mobile, suitable for the transaction of all
the commercial, business which would soon have
to be disposed of there, for so small a sum, while
it required more than a million to erect the custom-
houses at Boston and New York ? Is labor cheaper
in the South ? It is well known that the contrary
is the fact. Are materials cheaper? They cannot
be obtained on any better terms. Is the value of
the site less? Why, in Mobile the value of prop-
erty is as high as it is in any part of the country,
with the exception of the city of New York. He
hoped that if the committee would not agree to in-
crease the appropriation, they would at least be
willing to strike out this proviso, so that, in form-
ing the 'plan, the architect may not feel himself
restricted by the amount appropriated, but may
have an eye to the future enlargement of the
building whenever the increasing commerce of
Mobile shall render it necessary to enlarge it.
The amendment to the amendment was nega-
tived. *.
_ Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "50,000," and inserting
" 75,000" dollars. He said a few words in favor
of the uniting of the post office, the custom-house,
and the court-house, in one building, which he
considered as likely to promote the public conve-
nierreej He spoke in such a low tone that his
remarks were not audible to the reporter. *
Mr. SWEETSER opposed the amendment to
the amendment. The proposition which had just
been made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
justified the course of the Chair in resisting these
appropriations. He himself found in it an addi-
tional reason for not desisting from the war. We
are bound to act understanding^, and not to lend
ourselves to extravagant disbursements of the
public money. Had this appropriation come from
a committee, after examination and due delibera-
tion, he would have raised no objection. If the
state of our commercial interests required it, he
would not object. If the people asked for it, he
would not object. But he wished to see some
petitions presented here on the subject. These
propositions, irregularly introduced, to vote away
the public money out of the Treasury, in the ab-
sence of all information, would not do. He hoped
the committee would not give their sanction to this
course, but would pause before the country, be-
fore it granted these appropriations. Let all these
propositions be submitted to one of the commit-
tees of the House; let ua have their reports before
us to give us information, and not thus vote away
money in the dark.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. m
Mr. JONES moved to amend by strikine out
"50,000."
He sent to the Clerk's table the law of Congress
requiring specific plans and estimates of all public
works to be submitted before appropriations for
the objects were made.
The law having been read by the Clerk—
Mr. J said it would be seen from the provisions
of this law, that it was the intention of Congress
to guard against the commencement of works of
this kind, until plans and estimates had been ob-
tained from some competent person, and also until
a report should be made as to the necessity or ex-
pediency of the work. In all the cases which had
now been acted on, he did not understand that any
of these preliminary requisites had been attended
to. Some of the propositions had been repre-
sented as recommended by the Treasury Depart-
ment, but if there had been any plans or estimates
laid before Congress, he had not seen them. It
was certainly our duty to exercise a proper caution
in these matters—to show much more watchful-
ness over the public interests than we had exhibited
this morning. It was true- that each of these
amendments contained a clause that no expendi-
ture should be made beyond the amount of the
appropriation. But this he looked on gammon—
as mere humbug. It was well known to be the
practice, after an appropriation was once made, to
come back and ask for new appropriations. He
thought the committee ought to have rejected all
the amendments which had been proposed this
morning.
Mr. BAYLY explained, that ttfelaw which had
been presented to the notice of the committee was
merely a law to regulate the action of the depart-
ments, and not to restrict that of Congress. It
would have been an act of folly to pass a law to
tie up the hands of Congress, and there was no
such intention. In every case on which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had acted favorably on
any proposition, it had been sent from the depart-
ments, accompanied by the plans and estimates
necessary for their information. The gentleman
from Tennessee had denounced the proviso to the
amendment as a humbug. Whether it was so or
not, it originated with Mr. McKay, of North,Car-
oiina, who wass chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means four or five years ago5 who first
introduced it into a bill relative to the court-house
at Wilmington, ijecause there was a disposition to
make the expenditure exceed the amount of the
appropriations. The proviso he thought would
prove a sufficient guard against this, and it was
not very likely that the Secretary of the Treasury
would in the face of it adopt any plan or estimate
which would transcend the amount appropriated.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
And the question being taken on the amend-
ment, of Mb. Bayly, it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said, he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move the fol-
lowing amendment. And he rejoiced to be able
to say, thaf this was the last of the custom-houses:
" The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and,
required to puiehase, as soon as it can be effected on rea-
sonable terms, a site for a custom-house and post office in
he eity ot Bith, int'ie State of Maine, and to cause to be
erected thereon such a building as m.iv be suitable for a
custom-house and post office: Provide,1* That the said Sec-
retary should not deem it more expedient to have the pres-
ent custom-house repaired: Promdcil, also, That the entire
cost of said'siteand building or of such repairs, shall not
exceed the sum of $05,000."
The question being about to be taken on tha
amendment,
Tellers were demanded and granted, (Mr. Casey
and Mr. Woodward.) And the vote was an-
nounced—ayes 68, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved the following amendment,
viz:
" For purchasing or erectinsr a building in addition to the
custom-house in Baltimore, which shall furnish accommo-
dations lor the United States courts, and for the post office,
the sum nf ninety-nine thousand dollars, to be expended un- '
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. P. explained, that this amendment was
somewhat similar to tlje one submitted by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hammond,] and
who, under the restriction of the five minutes,
j rule, had been prevented from giving that full ex-
I planation which he had no doubt would have
j proved satisfactory to the committee. Now, he
| renewed the amendment for the purpose of stating^
I that, from his personal knowledge, he could state
| that the present post office in the city of Baltimore
1 was entirely insufficient for the transaction of the
business of the office. The rooms were narrow
ind inconvenient, and it had become necessary to
deposit the mail-bags in a shanty, in the back
yard, where they were exposed to the danger of
rotting. Yet the revenue derived from.this office
was not less than $70,000 a year. There were
twelve carriers employed in the delivery of the
letters, and their receiving-room was about as
commodious as the cell of a convict in the peniten- -
tiary. The conveniences for th,e distribution of
the mail were so contracted, that it'was almost
impossible to get along with it. He was very
sure, that by the erection of a commodious build-
ing, capable of receiving those who had to do the
business, and rendering the transaction of the bus-
iness easy and orderly, one half of the present
'expense of clerk-hire would be saved. An appro-
priation of §50,000 for the building of a new post
office would effect a great savins; to the Govern-
ment, or certainly to the Post Office Department;
and, so long as he was satisfied it would be a sav-
ing to that department, felt himself bound to rec-
ommend it. As to the court-house, he could also
speak from personal inspection. _ The chairman of
the Judiciary Committee was with him when he
looked at that building, and they had concurred
in the opinion that it was insufficient for the pur-
pose for which it was intended. The committee
had just adopted an amendment for a similar ob-
ject in Cincinnati. The revenue in that place was
only $50,000, while in Baltimore it amounted to
$70,000. The improvement was, then, as obviously
called for in B«ltimore as in Cincinnatf. He hoped
the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, stated
that petitions on this subject from the city of Bal-
timore had been referrec) to the Committee on the
Judiciary, but for wantof some evidence, the com-
mittee had not been able to pass on the subject.
But being in Baltimore with the chairman_of the
Post Office Committee, that gentleman had request-
ed him to accompany him to look at the present
building. He did so; and he said with regret,
that he had never seen such a miserable pretext
for a court-house as that which he saw in Balti-
more. It was almost-impossible to hear anything
that was going on. "The records were deposited in
a coal vault, where, in a very few years, the records
would be rotted and the injt eradicated. He
