Ib50.
THE G0NGR1SSIONAL GLOBE.
voted for these resolutions, knew little or nothrn?
about (lie merits of the case. The patentee could
have an extension of his patent for seven years,
without the interference of Congres; why, then,
tliil he not apply for an extension at the Patent
Office •' The reason assigned by gentlemen was,
that if he now got a bill, ti would save him the
trouble of, coming here seven years hence. But he
suspected there might be another reason; this peti-
tioner had very likely received suggestions of im-
provements from other patents, and it might be
that he could not get a patent at the Patent Office
for his improvements.
Mr. BUEL, in explanation, stated that no prin-
ciple involved in the machine had been taken from
any other. The papers in the case did not show,
nor did lie understand the gentleman from Ohio to
say, that there was any proof, that this was an
infringement upon any other patent. If the gen-
tleman charged that it was the case, let him do so
optnly—boldly; if he did not, let him not base an
argument upon an altogether gratuitous supposi-
tion . ,
Mr. ROOT said he should make his argument
*in his own way. He wished to know of the gen-
tleman, if the machine did not cut, thrash, and
clean wheat?
Mr BUEL replied that it did, and in addition,
deposited the grain in the sack.
Mr. ROOT said that there were other machines
for thrashing, others for cleaning, &c., and it was
possible that this patentee might have learned
something in relation to some of these processes
from them. This bill, if passed, enabled him to
take advantage of the improvements of others, and
would be a clear law for him to litigate with
against anybody else, in defence not only of his
own invention, as he first discovered it, but of the
patent, as they granted it. They were acting
ex parte; he never knew such a bill passed but that
it operated unjustly. The patentee already had
the patent fourteen years; he could get it for seven
years more at the Patent Office; but, not satisfied
with that, he came to Congress, and asked for
fourteen additional years. He hoped it would not,
be g-ranted.
The question being on the motion of Mr.
Jones to lay aside the bill to be repotted to the
House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass,
Tellers were asked and ordered, and being ap-
pointed, viz: Mr. Hai.e and Mr. White—they
announced the vote—ayes 36, noes 80.
So the motion was rejected.
The question recurring on laying aside the bill,
to be reported to the House,
Mr. NELSON rose to inquire if it were in or-
der to move an amendment to the bill?
The CHAIRMAN having answered affirma-
tively,
Mr. NELSON sent to the Clerk's table an
amendment, which was read, reserving the right
to Congress to repeal the act, if hereafter it should
be established, that the party was not justly en-
titled to the patent.
Mr. NELSON remarked, that he had been in-
duced to offer this amendment in consequence of
some things which had been disclosed when a
former case was under discussion, and which
would be within the recollection of every gentle-
man. If the facts in the present case were such
as they were stated to be, he should be in favor of
the passage of the bill; but in all these cases,
there was the fear of fraud or imposition; and
therefore it was that he proposed to reserve to
Congress the right to act as it pleased in the
matter. , , , , . .
Mr. SACKETT suggested that the adoption of
this amendment was unnecessary, because the
power remained in Congress without the adoption
of any such proposition. He had not, however,
risen for the purpose of saying anything on that
particular point. There were two questions aris-
ing out of this case, upon which he desired in-
formation. In the first place, he desired to inquire
whether any application had been made to the
Commissioner of Patents for an extension of this
patent under the general law authorizing the ex-
tension for seven years? If not, he thought the
proceeding rather extraordinary. In the next
place, he desired to know whether, by the bill
now before the committee, any greater rights were
secured to the patentees than those which were
granted under the original specification ? Difficul-
ties of this description had risen from bills passed
under similar circumstances; and he desired to
prevent a recurrence of them.
Mr. OTIS admitted the general proposition,
that no special legislation should be adopted, ex-
cept in cases sufficiently strong in themselves to
justify an exception from the general law; and
alter hearing the whole matter, he felt satisfied, he
said, that if theie was a case for special legisla-
tion, this was the case. He had no doubt that
the individual had a fight, under the general law,
to apply for an extension of the patent. That
individual was a plain, honest man, and he (Mr.
0.) had inquired why it was that he had not made
the application under that law. The reason was,
■hat he had failed himself, in consequence of the
time and money expended on this invention; and
that the friends to whom he applied for aid, would
not furnish the means for further operations, if an
extensi#h of the patent-right was secured for only
seven years.
[n relation to the other point, suggested by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett,] he
(Mr. O.) would say, that the bill proposed an ex-
tension of only the same patent-rights which were
granted fourteen years ago.
In reply to a further inquiry, by Mr. Sackett,
Mr. OTIS said, that the second section of the
bill provided, that all the patent-rights assigned
by these patentees should inure to the benefit of
these assignees during the extended time of the
patent.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Nelson, and was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUTNAM inquired of the Chair, whether
it was in order to move to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. PUTNAM made that motion. The case
before the committee, he said, might, for aught he
knew, be a very meritorious one, and one in which
the applicants ought to receive the benefit of an
extension of their patent; but he objected to this
whole proceeding, as being entirely in violation of
those statutory provisions which ought to be ful-
filled in every case where an application was made
for such extension. Mr. P. quoted from the law,
to show what its requirements were, especially in
relation to due public notice (especially in the im-
mediate neighborhood) of the application for the
extension of a patent, that persons might show
cause why the application should not be granted,
&c. These provisions were wise and wholesome,
doing away with the necessity of repeated applica-
tions to Congress. The present application came
here in the absence of all compliance with the pro-
visions of the taw. The committee knew very
little of the facts of the case. He did not doubt
the statements of-these individuals, but they did
not constitute, in the first instance, a proper ba-
sis for the application. He referred to the fact of
the former existence of a board, before whom these
applications were brought, and of its abolition.
The duty of receiving and deciding upon these ap-
plications was now vested in the Commissioner of
Patents; and what was the duty of that officer?
He referred the application to the principal exam-
iner of the class of cases to which it belonged, by
whom a report was made, that it might be ascer-
tained whether the case was originally patentable
! or not. And was the time of Congress to be thus
' taken up in legislating upon cases, in respect to
! the facts of which there was no evidence, except
i such as might have been put upon record by the
; patentees themselves ? or should not Congress
j rather require application to be made to the proper
I officer, in whom the power was vested, to extend
I the patent for seven years, if such extension ought
to be granted ? .
The question was then stated to be on striking
out the enacting clause of the bill, and was taken.
But no quorum voted.
Mr. WHITE demanded tellers. They were
ordered, and Messrs. White and Bingham were
appointed.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood, ayes 15, noes 104.
A quorum was present.
So the motion to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill was rejected.
No further amendment having been offered, the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
THE SEDITION LAW.
The Committee' proceeded to the consideration
of the bill, (next in order on the calendar,) ertti.
tied "A bill to refund the fine imposed tin Che. late
Doctor Thomas Cooper, under the sedition l wv
to his legal representatives "
The bill was read as follows: ' . '
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United. States of America, in Congress assembled. That
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon receiving satisfactory
evidence that M. H. De Leon, M. D*, is the sole executor of
the last will and testament of Thomas Cooper, deceased,
duly qualified, is authorised and directed to refund to the
said M. H. De Leon, M. D., as executory afoiesaid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, four &
hundred dollars, being the fine imposed upon the said
Thomas Cooper, under the sedition law, passed the four*
teentli day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nine-
eight, together with interest thereon, at the late of six per
cent, per annum, from the first day of November, one
thousand eight hundred, until paid.
The reading of the report was called for and
read. , ,
The Committee on the Judiciary, who reported
the bill, (through their chairman, Mr. Thomp-
son, of Pennsylvania,) made the following state-
ment:
<s That in the month of April, 18UQ, Dr. Ihomas Cooper,
the testator of the petitioner, was indicted, under the act of
14th April, 1798, commonly called the sedition law, for  
libel upon John Adams, the President of the United States.
The libellous matter charged in the indictment, in the first
count, is as follows: « Nor do I see any impropriety in nra-
' kmir this request of Mr Adams; At that time he had Just
'entered intoofhee. He was hardly in the infancy of poJiti-
< cal mintake. Even those who doubled his capacity, thought
< well of hi* intentions." The second count charged the
following: " Nor were vvc)et saddled with the expense of
< a permanent navy, or threatened under his auspices with the
< ^xi.-tence of a standing army. Our credit was not yet re-
( dncod so low as to borrow money at eight per cent., in time
< o{ peace, while unnecessary violence of official expressions
{ mi"ht justly have provoked a war.5' The third count
cli-irged the following: " Mr. Ad.uns had not yet projected
< hisSemba sios to Prussia, Russia, and the Sublime Forte ;
< nor had lie yetmterfered,as President otthe United States,
4 to influence the decisions ol a court of jut-ticc—a stretch of
c authority which the monarch ot Great Britain would have
' hhnmk from—an intetlerence without precedent against
< law and against mercy. This im iancholy case of John ttol-
< litis, a native ettizen of America, forcibly impressed by the
* Biiush and delivered up, with the advice of Mi. Adams, to
1 the mock-trial of a British court martial, had not yet aston-
' fched the republican citizens ofthis free country—a ease ooj
< little known, hut of which the people ought to be fully ap-;
< prized before the election, and they shall heUpon which
indictment J)r. Cooper being tried and convicted, w. s sen-
tenced to undergo an Imprisonment m the county jail of
Philadelphia of mx months, and to payafine of ^400; which
sentence was enforced and executed, and the sum of $400
was paid into the Treasury of the United States by the said
Dr Cooper. Your committee are of opinion that the law
of the 14th Apul, 1798, was unconstitutional, null, and void,
and passed under an exercise of undelegated powers by
Congress—that the fine so levied ought to be refunded to
the leal representatives of the said Dr. Cooper, with inte-
rest thereon until paid. Congress has directed to here-
funded to the heirs and legal representatives of Matthew
Lvon and Anthony Haswel! similar fines imposed under the
act aforesaid, and bills Have been reported to reftiod the (toe
in the case under consideration, in icJi-, lo^4, l&w, icJe,
and 1847. The committee therefore report-the accompany-
ing bill."
The report having been read— -
No.-amendment was offered, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
the frigate philadelphia.
The committee then proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill, heretofore reported by Mr.
La Sere, fiom the Committee on Naval Affairs,
entitled, "A bill for the relief of the captors of
the frigate Philadelphia."
The bill was read as follows:
Be it enacted 8[c , That the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars he, and the same is, hereby authorized 10 he pant,
under the direction of die Secretary ot the Navy, outot any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, to the
officers and crew of the ketch Intrepid, commanded by
Stephen Decatur, who were engagidin the capture and de-
struction of the lngate Philadelphia, hi the harbor of rripoJl,
on the sixteenth t'ebiuary, eighteen hundred and louir, to
be distributed pro rsla among the said officer, a id «e<*> ■
cordui" to the rates fixed by tile sixth section of the act of
April twenty-third, eighteen hundred, for tile better govern-
seaman,5ormarine, wio wa, engaged
said -ihall have died pnor to the passage of Itii^ ael.tlie .um
to which he would have been entitled, under this at t, jhail
be di vided eoually among his children and his widow ,f she
be hvinaand unmarried! and if theie be no widow, then to
m, eh dren ; bat if there be no children, then to his widow,
f she tehv ng and unmarried, as his sole heir; and m no
ease Shafl any Collateral kindred or creditor 01 any deceased
officer seaS,, or marine, be entitled to receive any of the
This act: Provided, TImt this section he ,n cmi-
strued a° to give to Mrs. Susan Decatur, widow .f t.'om-
fnodnre Decatur, and to Mrs. Prisoilla Decatur I vvigg-, and
her two Sisteis, Pieces ot Commodore Dec-am-, hut adopicd
bv hi® as children, an equal share in ihv distribution ot ihe
prize money to be made under this act, to wit ; one fouiUi
each.
