536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That in default of
such heirs as are specified in the preceding section, the
chare or proportio1 to which any deceased officer, seaman,
or (narine, mitflit have been entitled under this n.'t. shall re-
main in the Treasury of the United States, and be cariied
lo the surplus lunti.
Sec. 4, And be it farther enacted, That any portion of this
appropriation which may remain unclaimed in the Treas-
ury, at the expiration of the term of three years from the
date of this act, shall be carried to the surplus fund.
The committee premise that the subject of a
reward to the officers and crew of the ketch In-
trepid, for their gallant and meritorious exploit, has
been frequently under the consideration of Con-
gress, and that the principal difficulty seems to
have been in the adjustment of a proper mode of
distribution. The committee who reported the
present bill, were of opinion that the only proper
fuide for the distribution of the sum intended to
e awarded, was that furnished by the prize act,
■which has governed in all similar cases, and
accordingly adopted the rule of that act. The
sum proposed to be distributed is one hundred
thousand dollars, which appears to have been re-
garded in former reports as being one half of the
estimated value of the frigate. The committee
express the opinion that if the allowance is granted
at all, it should be by an act covering the whole
claim, and closing the subject
The following is the statement of facts, accom-
panying the report of the committee, in relation to
the recapture of the Frigate Philadelphia, in the
harbor of Tripoli, on the 16th of February, 1804,
furnished to the committee on behalf of the peti-
tioner : [Joseph K. Boyd, who was one of the
subordinate officers of the Intrepid:]
During our memorable contentions for the
freedom of navigation on the Mediterranean, and
after the war with Tripoli had commenced, a small
squadron, under the command of Commodore
Preble, (the United States Frigate Constitution
being the flag ship,) was dispatched by our Gov-
ernment, for the purpose of carrying on hostilities
against that despotic power, and of bringing it to
terms.
The United States frigate Philadelphia, one of
the squadron, commanded by Captain Bainbridge,
when cruizing off the harbor of Tripoli, struck
upon the rocks lying in the immediate vicinity of
the fortifications, and was stranded. Finding it
impossible, after using every exertion, to get his
vessel off, or to resist the overwhelming force of
the enemy, Captain Bainbridge was forced to sur-
render, and his officers and men were made pris-
oners, and removed to the dungeons of the city
fortifications. The frigate subsequently was got
off the rocks by the Tripolitans, having sustained
but little injury, and was moored by them within
pistol-shot of the Tripolitan navy, manned and
made ready for sea. More than one bundled pieces
of heavy cannon were mounted on board the dif-
ferent vessels of the Tripolitans, manned by up-
ward of one thousand seamen, and the whole lay
within the immediate protection of formidable land
batteries, consisting of one hundred and fifteen
pieces of heavy artillery, and within sight of a
force of twenty thousand troops, stationed in the
city and its vicinity.
The loss of this fine frigate and her noble crew
was most seiiously felt, and proved a great detri-
ment to the American squadron, in carrying on
efficient operations against an active enemy.
Under these circumstances, so annoying to
our squadron, the then Lieutenant Stephen Decatur
conceived the bold idea of recapturing the Phila-
delphia, with his vessel—theUnited States schooner
Enterprise., which he then commanded—and com-
municated his pjan of operation to Commodore
Preble.
The Commodore was fully impressed with the
importance of so daring an act, approved the plan,
and accepted the qffer of Lieutenant Decatur's ser-
vices; but, .sensible that success must depend on
the secrecy, celerity, and gailantry of its execu-
tion, and that an attempt to bring out the frigate,
if captured, would, in all probability, be attended
with too great hazard and loss of life, gave per-
emptory orders to set fire, after capture, to every
accessible part of the frigate; and, after "blowing
out her bottom," to abandon her.
In compliance with this permission and his
orders, Lieutenant Decatur manned a small ketch,
of about sixty tons, (which he had recently cap-
tured, and named by Commodore Preble, the
" Intrepid,") with seventy officers and men, vol-
unteers from his own vessel, and sailed from Syra-
cuse, where the American squadron lay, on the 3d
of February, ]804.
He had an unusually stormy passage, and ar-
rived on the 16th following, off the coast. After
perfecting all his arrangements, he ran, after dark,
into the harbor of Tripoli, disguising his move-
ments as much as possible to deceive the enemy,
by whom he was observed and suspected; and at
about 10 p. m.,iaid his vessel boldly alongside the
Philadelphia, boarded and carried her, sword in
hand, in the most gallant style, after a severe
though short conflict on the decks of the frigate,
in which upward of twenty of the enemy were
slain, and the rest driven below, or overboard.
The capture was made with such gallant
daring, and with so many concurring favoring cir-
cumstances, that, in the opinion of many, the
frigate could have been easily carried out of the
harbor,and again added to the American squadron;
but the peremptory orders of Commodor#Preble
forbade such an attempt; and, after deliberately
setting her on fire, as directed in his instructions,
and remaining on boaid " until the fire had com-
municated to the rigging and tops," Decatur aban-
doned her to her fate, bringing off his whole crew,
under a heavy fire fro.n the batteries and shipping,
without the lossof a man, (having but one slightly
wounded,) and rejoined the American squadron.
" No amendment having been offered, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
JOHN DICKSON.
The bill for the relief of John Dickson, surviv-
ing partner of Lambert & Dickson, was taken
up, read, and, no amendment having been offered,
was laid aside to be reported to the House.
NICOLL AND CLINCH.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the hill for the relief of Solomon T. Nicoll and
James Clinch, of the city of New York.
The bill was read as follows :
Be it enacted, $r.., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is, hereby authoiizcd and dnectedto pa> to Solomon
NiccJI and James Clinch, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of one thousand three
hundred and ten dollars and twenty-one cents, it b< ing in
full payment for fiftj-four half cheats of young hysen tea,
sold to the United States and delivered to the naval store-
keeper at Norfolk, for the use of the navy, and which has
been consumed in the public service.
Mr. THOMAS called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Claims (who, through
Mr. Nelson,) reported the bill; and the report
was read.
A brief statement of the facts of the case, not
disputed, is thus given in the opinion of the late
Attorney General:
"The Government enteied into a contract with M. B.
Mason, hy which lie was bound, in the usual form, to furnish
.such quantities of snff.tr ns might be requested at certain
naw-\nids dining the fUcal year ending30th June, He
tailed to comply with his contract, and the sugar was pur-
chased elsewhere by the Government, at the co-t of£2,152 7o,
bojond the amount which would have been paid under the
contract; and according to the terms of the contiact, Mr.
Mason is held liable for the excess.
" JRy another and separate contract, Mr. Mason was hound
to furnish tea for the navy during the same fiscal year.
The tea for the nnvv yard, Norfolk, was shipped from New
York, by Mes&rs. Nicoll & Co., of that city, at the request .
of Mr. .Mason, but in their own name, to be delivered to the 1
naval storekeeper at Noifoik, who received the tea, and !
sent bills for it to Messis. Nicoll & Co., made out in the !
name of the contractoi. Mr. Mason, mlormiuu them by let- j
ter, that hewas obliged to do so, because he could not know j
officially any otiier person in the matter but the contractor, I
and sugirestimjto them, that they should have the bil signed I
by Mr. Mason, or procure from him a power of attorney,
authorizing them to receive the money, amounting to i
$1,310 21. They complied with his suggestion, but pay- !
mcnt was subsequently withheld, on account ofMr, Mason's i
defalcation under his sugar contract, the amount of which 1
exceeded the amount of the bill for the lea." i
Mr.THOMAS urgently opposed the passage of i
the bill. The ease had been reported upon durin"- !
the last Congress, and during this, by the Com- i
initteeon Claims, of which he was a member. He t
desired the particular attention of the committee to :
it, differing, as he did, from the committee who 1
had reported the bill, and believing that it would
establish a precedent injurious to the public inter-
ests. He entered at some length into explanations
of the facts of the case. He adverted to the policy
which regu^ted theaction of the Government in its
contracts, under which, if thesupplies contracted for
were not furnished, the Government was at liberty
to go into open market and make the purchases,
holding the sureties of the contractors liable for
any excess of expenditure beyond the stipulated
amount of the contract. And he insisted upon the
enforcement of this policy as essential to the pro-
tection of the Government; inasmuch.as if this pre-
cedent were set, it was impossible to know the ex-
tent to which contractors might avail themselves of
it in future. He referred to the opinion of the
fate Attorney General, which sets forth that the
Government has the right to setoff the amount of
the bill for the tea, against the ascertained and
liquidated amount of the defalcation, under the
sugar contract—this opinion resting upo'n the act
of March, 1843, which provides that "in case
' of a failure to supply the articles, or to perform
' the work, by the person entering into such con-
' tract, he and his sureties shall be liable for the
' forfeiture, specified in such contract as liquidated
' damages, to be sued for in the name of the United
' States, in any court having competent jurisdic-
'tion."
The amount of money involved was of no great
consequence; but the principle was an important
one; and if this bill was passed, it would be the
easiest thing in the world for contractors to make
arrangements precisely similar to those which
were made in the present case. He did not in-
tend to charge a corrupt design on the part of
these gentlemen; he presumed they were re-"
spectable men; but he had nothing to do with
considerations of that kind. The law governing
contracts was perfectly well known, and it was
proper that those who violated it should be held
to strict account. He moved that the bill be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Mr. NELSON sustained this bill, as involving a
fair, legal, equitable claim against the Government.
Heaccorded to the gentleman fromTennessee [Mr.
Thomas] great vigilance in guarding the interests
of the Government, but feared that the gentle-
man's care for the public carried him beyond the
bounds of justice. If the question had -risen be-
tween individual and individual, no impartial law-
yer or judge would hesitate, for a moment, to
allow the claim—an honest man would blush to
withhold it. He recapitulated the facts of the
case, as above given. He considered it clear,
from the evidence, that Nicoll & Co. must have
been ignorant of the indebtedness of Mason to
the Government, arising out of his failure to com-
ply with the sugar contract; and that they fur-
nished the tea on their own account to the Gov-
ernment. The navy agent was aware of this,
and did not give'them notice that it would be re-
ceived on the credit of Mason; on the contrary,
on being informed by Nicoll & Co. that they had
shipped the tea in their own name, he had replied,
that as soon as it arrived, "1 will forward you
bills as requested." Nicoll & Co., then, forward-
ing the tea in their own name, and the navy agent
receiving it in their name, he (Mr. N.) held that
its value should be paid to them, irrespective of
any other contract between Mason and the Gov-
ernment. If Mason had failed to fulfill the con-
tiact to deliver sugar, the proper remedy of the
Government was against him and:his sureties in
that contract.
He trusted that there would be hardly two opin-
ions upon the subject. If there was anything de-
ficient in the bill, it was, that it did not provide for
the payment of interest. Although it had been
said, in this committee, that the Government never
paid interest, he knew of no'just reason why it
should not in this case. These merchants had
lain out of their money five years, and the in-
terest, during that time, undoubtedly far exceeded
the amount of their profits. If it were not for
embarrassing the passage of the bill, he would
move to insert the interest.
Mr. DUNHAM sustained the bill in an argu-
ment based upon the same general view of the
facts as was taken by Mr. Nelson. Nicoll & Co.
having furnished the tea, in their own name, and
it having been received in their name by the navy
agent, they were entitled to be paid by the Gov-
ernment. If Mason's default, under the contract
to deliver sugar, were to have been a set-off, that
was the duty of the navy agent to have given
Nicoll & Co. notice of this fact, previous to the
delivery of the tea. This he had not only not
done, but he had expressly agreed to receive it in
the name^f Nicoll & Co., and Nicoll & Co. had
given notice that they would not furnish it in
Mason's name.
Mr. McKlSSOCK inquired if there was any
evidence that they had given the navy agent such
notice ?
