1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DUNHAM replied that the petition assert-
ed that fact, that the letter giving the notice was
not printed, but that the navy agent impliedly ad-
mitted the fact in his letter of June 26.
[This letter is as follows:
Jcne 26,1846.
Gentlemen : I enclose tlie bills for you for the tea de-
livered by you on account of Mr. Mason's contract, accord-
mgto your request. Youwill perceive they are made out in
his name; tins, I was obliged to do, as I could not know,
officially, any other person in the matter but the contractor.
You will, however, only have to get him to sign his name
to the receipt, or give you a power of attorney authorizing
you to receive the money.. The ten per cent, has also been
deducted, according to the stipulations of Mr. Mason's con-
tract. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. JORDAN, Naval Storekeeper.
Messrs. S. T. Nicoix & Co.]
Mr. PHCENIX, in a few remarks, which were
inaudible at the reporter's desk, supported the
claim of the petitioners, the rejection of which, he
considered, would be an outrage on the principles
of justice.
Mr. CTRO WELL then took a view of the ques-
tion for the purpose of laying before the commit-
tee a simple statement of the facts in the. case,
which he thought to be sufficient to overthrow the
pettifogging defence against the claim set up by the
Fourth Auditor and the Attorney General. He
looked at this defence as disreputable to the Govern-
ment; it would be discreditable to an-ordinary jus-
tice of the peace. What did it amount to? The Gov-
ernment made a contract with Mason for a certain
quantity of tea. The contractor had.failed to ful-
fill his contract, and went to the petitioners, who
undertook to furnish tea in their own names. The
tea was furnished by them to the Government,
and was received by the navy stor&keeper and re-
ceipted for by him. [After a question, whether
the tea was furnished by the petitioners at the
request of the Government or of the contractor,
Mr. Crowell continued ?] The tea was fur-
nished at the instance of Mason, the contractor,
who could not furnish the quantity called for by
the requisition. " These petitioners, perhaps at the
request of Mason himself, or from an unwilling-
ness to credit Mason, transmitted their bill to the
store keeper, and he gave them a receipt for the
tea. The petitioners had acted throughout with
propriety. They had taken the place of the con-
tractor who was unable to fulfill his contract. It
was necessary that the Government should have
the supplies. The petitioners were made aware
of this ,and they stepped in and supplied the Gov-
ernment; but instead of trusting the contractor,
who was not known to them, they said they
would look to the Government for their pay; and
as the Government had received the tea from the
petitioners, and had appropriated it to their own
use, it was their duty to pay for it.
It was alleged that the Government agent, in pur-
chasing this tea of the petitioners, had transcended
his power; and although it was admitted that the
Government had received and used the tea, this
objection was urged as sufficient to defeat the
claim of the petitioners. Could such an argument
as this avail for a moment? If these gentlemen
were not the original 'contractors, they furnished
the supplies, and they had a right to come here for
payment. ~
Mr. HALL said, as he understood the practice
of the Government, it was, when a contractor for-
feited his contract, to go into the open market and
purchase, and charge the contractor with the dif-
ference between the contract pricc and the market
price. He also desired some explanation of the
reason for sending the bills, in their own name, to
the Government, when the contractor came to
them to make the purchase in open market?
Mr. CROWELL replied that the reason was
given by Mr. Jordan, in his note published with
the report of the case.
Mr. HALL desired to be informed if there was
any proof that the petitioners had told the con-
tractor that they would not furnish the tea on his
account, but that they would look to the Govern-
Mr CROWELL referred the gentleman to the
printedreport, which contained all the evidence on
the subject, and which was sufficient, in his opin-
ion, to sustain the claim. After the petitioners had
.furnished the supplies, and the Government had
'receipted for, and appropriated them, they now
turn round and say, we regard you as only stran-
gers in this transaction; we can only recognize the
contractor as the furnisher of the tea, and you
must look to him.
Mr, HALL said, he could not find evidence in
the report, that the petitioners had notified the
contractor that they would not trust him, but that
they would look to the Government.
After some conversation,
Mr. CROWELL resumed, and continued his
examination of the case—reiterating what he had
already urged as to the liability of the Govern-
ment. He commented on the note of Gideon
Welles, of the clothing and provision bureau,
who was, doubtless, an excellent lawyer. Every
one, at the head of a department in this city, was
an excellent lawyer, and gentlemen were to be
found in sufficient numbers on this floor, ready to
endorse all their decisions. He had known plain
decisions of courts of law disregarded by these
officials, in order to gratify some private pique
against $ contractor. He referred to the case of
the Comptroller of the Treasury, in which he
made a decision overruling a decision of the'Vice
President; and "when appeals are here made to
our justice in behalf of some individual claimant,
we are to be met with these pettifogging opinions
from the departments.
It was alleged, that Mason did not fulfill his con-
tract for the supply of sugar; and that the Gov-
ernment had been obliged to go into open market,
to makeup the deficiency; and that the amount
claimed by these petitioners was to be kept back
to make up the loss; and their damages, which
can only be determined, as to their amount, by
a jury, are set up as an offset to defeat this claim.
Before any court or jury of the country, such a
course of proceeding could not stand a moment.
Unliquidated damages can never be set up as an
offset to a liquidated demand.
Such were briefly the facts of this case. He
would not detain the committee to lead all the
correspondence published with the report. Let it
pass for what it was worth. He would merely
ask how, sitting here as a committee of the House,
pledged to do justice between claimants, had there
been set up any defence which ought to drive away
the petitioners without redress? He could not see
that there was any. He was surprised to see
gentlemen on the other side, usually so accurate
in their judgment, opposing this claim. He hoped
they would reverse their opinion, and permit the
bill to pass.
Mr. THOMAS said that he would never permit
himself to be influenced by official opinion. If the
petitioners were entitled to be paid, let them be
paid. He only desired that the claim should be
established as a just one. He then gave his view
of the circumstances under which the tea was fur-
nished.
Mr. SWEETSER asked if there was any evi-
dence that the petitioners were in collusion with the
contractor in furnishing the tea'
Mr. THOMAS replied that there was no direct
evidence of such collusion. He lead over a portion
of the correspondence, and stated what the infer-
ences were, which they, in his opinion, warranted,
and these were unfavorable to the passage of the
bill.
Mr. STANTON said a word or two in correc-
tion of these inferences.
Mr. THOMAS maintained that as there was a de-
ficiency of proof in the printed document, the onus
of furnishing what was deficient, was upon them.
Congress could only act on the testimony which
was presented. The petitioners wanted the con-
tract, and as soon as they had furnished the tea,
they send the bill in their own names for payment,
[On this point there was some conversation, in
which Mr. SWEETSER and Mr. HALL took
part.]
If the petitioners ask for things, let them show
everything in relation to the subject. It seems to
be the opinion of gentlemen, that every officer of
theGovernmentknows everything relating toevery
other department, and that the Government is
bound to supply all the proof which claimants re-
quire. As to the practice of contractors, he con-
tended that contractors could not inspect every
contract themselves, but was compelled to trust to
sub-contractors. But, the navy agent can only
pay the contractor himself. Here Mason makes
contract for tea, which the Government is bound to
take, because it was supplied at the contract price;
and, had they not taken it thus urider the contract,
I they must have gone into the open market and paid
a higher price. There was no complaint of the
manner in which the bill was'matte out.* But the
Government withheld the money, Because, the
contractor was indebted to the Government—-be-
cause it was bound to withhold paymentin such
case.
Mr. SWEETSER said there was no Jaw under
which the Government adopted this rule; it Was
merely a practice of the department.
Mr. THOMAS then proceeded to show, that
the contractor was bound, in case of forfeiture of
his contract, to pay whatever extra cost might be
incurred by making up the deficiency in the sup-
plies contracted for, by producing them in the open
market.
Mr. CROWELL explained what he said.
Mr. THOMAS then gave way, and
Mr. CROWELL moved that the committee
rise; which motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported its action
upon the several bills, and its progress upon the
last which had been under consideration.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was resolved, that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
NICOLL AND CO.
Mr. NELSON moved that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of this bill, in orderlhat it might be brought
into the'House, and be put upon its third readingv
and he said he would demand the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER said, the motion to discharge
the committee, could only be entertained by unan-
imous consent.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER stated that the first busities in
order would be the bills wluch had been reported
to the House from the Committee of the Whole,
which now came up on the question of engross-
ment.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. SCHENCIvsaid that there weresonie fifteen
or twenty communications on the Speaker's table,
from the executive departments. He desired that
they might be taken up, and referred to the appro-
priate committees, or be ordered to be printed.
Objections were made.
MOORE AND HASCAI.T,'S HARVESTING
MACHINE.
This bill coming up in its order, and the ques-
tion being on ordering it to a third reading,
Mr. BINGHAM asked the previous question.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The question being taken, the House refused to
adjourn.
The question then recuried, and was taken, on
the motion that the bill be laid upon the tabic, and
was decided in the negative.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the demand for the previous question. There was
a second. The main question was ordered, and,
being taken, the bill was ordered to a third reading
at this time.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being, " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. BINGHAM called for the previous ques-
tion. There was a second. The main question
was ordered, and, being taken, the bill was
passed.
A motion was made that the House adjourn,
but was withdrawn at the request of
Mr. BINGHAM, who moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the said bill had been passed,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid
upon the table.
THE SEDITION LAW.
The bill to refund the fine imposed on the late
Dr. Thomas Cooper, deceased, under the sedition
law, to his heirs, coming up on the question of its
third reading,
Mr. CONGER moved to amend it, so as to
strike out the provision for interest.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on that
motion; which was refused.
The,question was then taken and decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
