1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
stood to say that when this amendment was under
-consideration before the committee, it was rejected,
by a very decisive vote. There was, in his opin-
ion, a very liberal appropriation in the bill already
for this object, and there was consequently no
necessity for the amendment.
Mr VINTON moved to strike out $25,000, and
iisert $26,000; and he did so, he said, for the pur-
pise of saying a word or two in reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from .Mississippi. The
last Administration had sent out a party to'explore
this westqj-n coast. They were engaged in that
work now, and he thought that it would be not
only bad policy, but very poor economy to with-
draw them from the labor they were engaged in.
It was very well known that before the United
States obtained possesssion of that country that
cast was almost a terra incognita. The maps
of the coast showed the islands and obstructions
to the navigation several miles from their true po-
sitions. The object was not to make a hydro-
graphical survey, but ageneral reconnoissance, by
which the prevailing currents might be known,
and that the positions of shoals and other obstruc-
tions to the navigation might be known, and that
such general information might be obtained as was
essentially necessary to the safe navigation of that
coast.
As to accurate topographical information, that
would be the work of some future time. It was
necessary, as he was informed by the Superintend-
entof the Coast Survey, that an examination should
be made, in order to know where to place light-
houses and buoys at the mouth of the Columbia
river, and so of various other points, as, for in-
stance, at the entrance to the harbor of San Fran-
cisco. Already the corps of officers employed in
this reconnoissance had discovered an important
river and bay just at the dividing line between
Oregon and California. When these important
services were being rendered, it certainly appeared
• to him to be not only bad pohey but false economy
to withhold the appropriation.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, availing himself
of his right to speak in opposition to the pending
amendment, said, he desired merely to make an
explanation. The remarks that he had made
seemed to have been misunderstood. What he
had said, or intended to say, was, that as long as
this Government lasted, there would probably be
a necessity for some such work as this, on ac-
count of the fact that the harbors of this country
were not permanent; that the bottoms of those har-
bors were continually shifting. The Coast Survey
establishment was admitted on all hands to be
highly important and highly creditable to the Gov-
ernment. When he had said that the work would
not cease, he did not mean to say that the service
would not be completed. On the contrary, he
maintained that the work was progressing faster
than under the small appropriations, and in a
ratio of increase greater than that of the appro-
priations. . .
So far from being opposed to the appropriation,
he thought it was highly important that it should-
be made. As a part of his remarks, he would
send to the Clerk, and request him to read, a com-
munication that had been received from one of the
officers of the Coast Survey now employed on the
Pacific coast.
The communication was read by the GlerK.
Mr. VINTON remarked, that he did not wish
his amendment to prevail.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend by reducing
the appropriation to , 
He said he understood that this topographical
survey of the coast had recently originated a new
corps of officers chargeable on the Treasury; that
it commenced with a small appropriation which
had now grown up to the sum of about $250,0UU
annually. He did not wish to be understood as
bein" opposed to an accurate and critical survey
of the coast, because he believed the interests of
the cqmmerce of the country required it; but he
was opposed to the increase of the expenditures of
the Government by the addition of a superfluous
corps of officers for this purpose. As the matter
at present stood, according to his understanding
of it, it presented the singular anomaly of having
a set of idle men, of men without employment,
quartered upon this Government, spending then-
time on the Pacific coast in rioting, and using the
vessels furnished by this Government as hotels
and headquarters for frolicking.
How was it that these men were permitted to
squander their time and waste the public motley
when the officers of the navy of the United States
might perform the service for which they were
sent out as well as it could possibly be performed
by them? It was a burning shame that this Gov-
ernment permitted it. It was an outrage on the
public Treasury.' He should vote against the ap-
propriation, not because he believed the work ought
not to be done, but because he thought iL was
wholly unnecessary to employ these men to per-
form a work that could as well be performed by
the naval officers of the United States. And he^
believed further, that it would be for their benefit
as well as for the benefit of the Government that
they should be engaged in it. He would inquire of
his friend, the chairman of the Naval Committee,
if there could not be spared a sufficient number of
old rusty Commodores to perform this service.
Mr. MORSE said he presumed it would be in
order for him to oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio to reduce this appropriation
to a sum so small as to defeat the object of the
appropriation altogether.
It was not the first time—and he was sorry to
say that this practice was increasing daily in that
House—that he had observed gentlemen taking
peculiar pleasure and peculiar pride in denouncing
the officers of the army and navy of this country
as a set of idle and useless individuals, extracting
money from the- Treasury of tjie United States
without rendering any service. He desired to
say that, as an American, he felt proud to do all
that it was in hi3 power to do, by his voice and by
his vote, to maintain the dignity of those two
branches of the public service. He had listened
to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio with
mingled feelings of surprise and regret—not to use
a harsher term. The army and the navy when-
ever they had been called on—in the last war with
Great Britain and in the late war with Mexico—
had been prompt to vindicate the honor of the
American nation. fttie gentleman had inquired
why these men who were in receipt of the money
of this Government—not half paid, by the way—
-were not called on to perform this service? It
was, perhaps, because the work required A degree
of talent and a degree of skill which the hardy
seamen could scarcely be expected to possess.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman allow me
to say, that at the very time he is ostensibly de-
fending the navy, he is representing them, and
very unjustly, as incompetent to perform this ser-
vice. , ,
Mr. MORSE said he did not desire to take les-
sons from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means as to the manner in which he
should support the character of the navy. In
reference to the remark of the gentleman from
Ohio, that the old commodores in the navy
ought to be employed in this service, he would re-
mark, that there were commodores in the navy
of the United States who had distinguished them-
selves in service, and who were covered with
wounds; and it was unworthy of this nation to
treat those men with disrespect.
Mr. GR1NNELL (interposing) said there were
officers in the navy who were unquestionably
competent for this service.
Mr. MORSE said he was well aware of that fact.
There were men in the naval service who were
competent; but there were other requisitions, and
this was a force which required an additional expen-
diture; but whether this fact were so or not, it was
not for the gentleman to get up there, without
knowing any thing about the subject and without
producing any evidence, and attack this particu-
lar branch of the service.
It was important that the coast should be well
surveyed, and every dollar appropriated for that
purpose was so much contributed for the benefit
of the commerce of the whole country.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, ad it was not
agreed to. ,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, proposed to
strike out $25,000, and Isert §30,000. He made
this motion, he said, chiefly for the purpose of re-
plying to the inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio.
The gentleman asked if some of the old commo-
dores'of the navy could not be spared to perform
this work? It was a difficult question to deter-
mine, whether the work ought to be under the
control and management of the officers of the navy,
or under the control of this sepai ate establish-
ment. If he had had the arrangement of this ma f*
ter from the commencement, he would have placed
the coast survey under the control of the Navy
Department. He was not entirely satisfied that
the charge should be made against this Govern-
ment for the support of this corps, denominated
the Coast Survey; and he believed-, as he had said,
that the Navy Department could render this ser-
vice as well as this separate corps of officers.
Mr. BAKER safd, he had no wish to determine
the Question as to which of these branches of the
public service ought to have charge of the work
of surveying the coast. He had no doubt that
either of them was very competent to perform it.
But he was opposed to the amendment, for reasons
which he trusted would be understood and appre-
ciated by his h-iends on all sides. They were now
appropriating upwards of §200,000 for this cpast
survey, while they had been ever since 1832 inef-
fectually struggling for an appropriation for re-
moving obstructions from the Mississippi river,,
where more boats were wrecked every year upon
rocks and shoals and other obstructions known, to
exist, than had ever been wrecked on all the
shoals and rocks that ha3 heen examined or dis-
covered by the Coast Survey. He, for one, would
never vote a dollar for surveying the Atlantic of
the Pacific coast, unless an appropriation were
made for the Mississippi, where large numbers of
steamboats were lost every year.
He thought it was far more important to remove
the obstructions that were known to exist, and
that could not be avoided, and by which a large
amount of commerce, was endangered, than to
search after rocks and shoals where it was of com-
paratively little consequence whether they existed
or not. He was of opinion that the Mississippi
river—that great inland sea—ought to be consid-
ered of sufficient consequence to induce Congress
to make an appropriation for the purpose of re-
moving obstructions from its channel, which ob-
structions were the cause of immense^ losses, of
innumerable shipwrecks. Until this was done he
did not intend to vote for asingle dollar of theap-
proprialion for the survey of either the Atlantic or
the Pacifiee coast.
Mr. HOLMES desired permission to inquire of
the gentleman from. Illinois if there had not been 
appropriations made for the purpose referred to
by him ?
Mr. BAKER replied that there had been a
show of appropriating the pitiful sum of $2,000 fot
a work that required ten times as much. More
losses occurred every year, he repeated, in the way
of freight and insurances by reason of these ob-
structions, than.had ever occurred by means of all
the rocks and shoals ever surveyed or discovered
by the Coast Survey.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out "$25,000,"
and to insert " $5,000."
Mr. B. said, he had done this, not because he
was mimical to the coast survey, but because he .
thought that it ought to be carried on by the army
and the navy. Portions of these branches of the
service ought to be employed in making these sur-
veys; and it was a great mistake to-suppose that
they wished to be relieved of this duty. On the
contrary, they thought it belonged to them to per-
form it. He had another reason: It would remove
what he looked on as a constitutional difficulty.
By throwing this duty on the civil department of
the Government, and thus making it a branch of
i the civil power, we do that which raises the con-
| stitutional question. He denied the authority of
i the Government to do this. It was withm th©
j power of the Governmnnt to employ the* army
; and navy in the service, and at a proper time he
I had no- doubt it would be done by them.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, was opposed te
any motion which was intended to reduce the ap-
propriations for the coast survey. He conceded
that it was very proper that it should be done bys
the navy. It was improper that it shod'ld be in
any other hands. But as Congress had deter-
mined over and over again that the duty should be
confided to others, and that it should continue
under civil control, that subject was no longer be«
fore us. The question now was, whethejall this
appropriation should be expended oit the Atlantic
