1:632
THE CO NGRESSK ) N A L
Aug. 22,
coast, or whether anyportion of it "should he ap-
plied to the Pacific coast.' He was in favor, of
giving something for Oregon, and he would have
'Seen willing to appropriate $40,000 for the survey
of the wast of the Pacific.. He did not approve of'
the practice of denouncing the system every time a.
small appropriation was asked for. He appealed'
to' the gentleman fronv Ohio [Mr. Sweetser]
w-hether, with all his determination to"make the
Mexican territories f free soil, he would no tbe
ready to carry this survey to the Isthmus?
After some conversation on the point of order,
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
"• Mr. HOLMES moved to amend by-striking out
$25,000 and inserting $30,000.
He merely desired to say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] That
. gentleman must abandon his claims to be a great
constitutional lawyer, when he lays down the prin-
ciple that what is unconstitutional in itself, might
be in it d e constitutional by-employing the army and
navy,,instead of civilians. It was probably in
harmony with the abstractions of 1798, which he
did not understand.
Mr. PARKER rose to order.
Mr. HOLMES resumed his remarks as to the
army and navy. Now, the army was quite large
and the navy was small, and he did not know how
their services could be employed in equal propor-
tion. And if we were about to go into that fierce
struggle which gentlemen seem to see ahead—if
we are about to have a conflict with Texas, we
may require our army and navy there.
Mr. BAYLY. Where is the topographical
corps ?
Mr. HOLMES. They would "be required to
go ahead and make a survey of Texas, that we
may know what we have to conquer. The ques-
tion is not whether we have the power to enlarge
this appropriation, but have we the treasure? Let
us look to that, and if we have., let us determine
■whether, after sending out our officers, and fitting
out expensive expeditions, and giving our officers
the opportunity to acquire skill and experience, it
■would be wise economy to order all the ships
back, with all their costly instruments, or, whether
It would not be a more rational course to make this
appropriation. 5
Mr. JONES opposed the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina, because he
thought the proposition should have been made
with some regard to where the means are to come
from. He ditj not think it a sound maxim to vote
for all appropriations and against all taxes. He
referred to the remark of his colleague, [Mr.
Stanton,] that the receipt of revenue this year
would be near fifty millions, for the purpose of
expressing his dissent.
Mr. STANTON explained, that he hadgathered
the fact in conversation with Mr. R. J. Walker,
who stated that it would amount to that sum*
Mr. JONES dissented from Mr. Walker. Ac-
cording to the estimafes of the Treasury, he did
not see that it could exceed $34,000,000. He pre-
dicted that when the next Congress commenced,
gentlemen would find that they would be called on
«to vote large sums for deficiencies, and to borrow
money to pay the expenses of ihe Government
His colleague had expressed regret to see the op-
position which was made to all these objects, the
Observatory, &c. Now that building commenced
with a small appropriation,«nd now §100,000 was
required for it; and we are called on for $12,000
% a Nautical Almanac. Now all these were
abuses, and were any of them more prominent
than the Coast Survey ? If his colleague regretted
?his opposition for the sake of Tennessee, he
(Mr. J.) could bufregret, also for the State of
Tennessee, that the public money should be so
squandered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend, by striking out
#25 ,000, and inserting $26,000.
The gentleman says 1 must abandon all claim
to be a constitutional lawyer, if I maintain that Con-
gress has not the authority under the commercial
power, to survey the coast by a corps of civilians,
under the control of theTre&sury Department: yet
that it has the power to make the survey by the em-
ployment in it of the officers of the army and navy.
I am not now going in^o an argument to show
that Coritress cannot do it under the commercial
power. The argument is precisely that which I
nave heretofore presented in respect to its power
to improve harbors. and , rivers. But Congress
has express power to raise and support an army
and navy. To our ami y and all others, is attached
a dorps of topographical engineers. Their appro-
priate duty is to make topographical surveys,
with a view to the operations of the army. A
portion of the officers-of every navy in the world
are employed, whenever an opportunity presents
itself, in surveying coasts, harbors, and road-
steads. Why, sir, if a British or French man-of-
war drops anchor to-morrow in Hampton Roads,
the next day they will have their young offieers
out surveying and making soundings, to test the
accuracy of their charts. .To take all **neans to
provide for the safety of their ships under all
ftircumstances, is-among their highestduties. Now,
sir, there are two branches of the coast survey:
one on land, the' other on the water. The trian-
gulation and the topographical survey of the land,
connected with the coast survey, is the appropriate
duty of the army—the operations on the water,
of the navy. And they ought, under the direction
of their respective heads, to cooperate in making
the>coast survey. Thegentleman has said he did
not understand the doctrines of 1798.
Mr. HOLMES said hedi|l at the time, as he
supposed, for he voted for them. But Virginia
did not come up to the mark.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is the last man
who should speak lightly or disparagingly of them.
It is the absurd construction put upon them by
persons of the gentleman's school which has to
some extent brought them-into disrepute. The
gentleman not only does not understand the doc-
trines of '98, but he is unmindful of the precepts,
in other respects, of their great author. Mr. Jef-
ferson's maxim was, that in a Government like
ours, in every bill appropriating money, there
should be a tax laid to raise it. The gentleman
votes habitually for every sort of appropriation—
for every sort of object, and makes'a gieat outcry
if perchance any of them are defeated; and then
when it is proposed to levy the taxes to meet
them, he cries out, Oppression, oppression—and is
ready-for revolution and bloodshed.
Mr. HOLMES said it was hi3 mfixtta to vote
for the most liberal appropriations, and the least
amount of taxes. He was for free trade, and
when he could not get all he wished, he got as
near it as he could. He was sorry to confess that
the doctrines of 1798 had now been brought into
ridicule. In their perplexity the South Carolinians
understood Thomas Jefferson, the Apostle of De-
mocracy, as meaning what thelanguage expressed,
and they endeavored to carry these doctrines into
practical operation. But Virginia backed out after
she got us in the scrape.
Mr. BAYLY. If Virginia got you into the
scrape, she got you out of it.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an amendment, to re-
du£e the amount of appropriation. He stated that
the amount appropriated for the Coast Survey
was an aggregate sum of $186,000. Looking at
the ten sections of this report, the ninth asks for
,000 for the Pacific coast. As that sum was
included, he desired to know whence the neces-
sity of this increase of the appropriation.
Mr*. VINTON made a brief explanatioti, to the
effect, that the estimates were made a year ago,
and did not apply to the present state of things,
great changes having taken place. This was ex-
plained in the letter of Dr. Bacihe, which had been
read. The difficulty of keeping the men in the
vessels on the coast of California and Oregon,
rendered it necessary to increase their pay, and
this rendered it necessary to increase the appro-
priations.
On motion thexjommittee rose, and its Chairman
reported progress.
NEW MEMBER.
Mr. GRINNELL introduced Hon. Samuel A.
Elmot, Representative elect from the First Con-
gressional district of Massachusetts, to fill the va-
cancy occasioned by the resignation of Hon. R.
C. Winthrop.
Mr. Elliot was qualified, and took his seat.
POST-ROUTES.
Mr. POTTER said, h^desired to give notice
that to-morrow he should move to take up the
post-route bill in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and' requested members who
wished to make any corrections of the bill, to giv$
him. early notice, . ,
Mr. McJLANE, of Maryland, inquired if he
understood the gentleman from Ohio to signify his
intention" to move "Id lay aside the civil and dip-
lomatic bill ? ,
Mr. POTTER replied, thaUie supposed it would
take but a few minutes to dispose of that bill in
committee; after which he should immediately
move to take up the post-route bill.
On motion by Mr. BURT, therHouse adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate'committee:
By Mr. ANDERSON : The petition of W. H. Rogers, of
Tennessee, asking compensation as Chaplain to a Brigade/
in the Mexican war.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 23, 1850.
'Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of Duff
Green, agent of the Georgia Exporting Company,
asking that the Secretary of the Navy may be au-
thorized by law to contract with that company for
the construction and employment in the mail ser-
vice of the Government of five steamships; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the motion to print referred to the Committee
on" Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted documents in relation
to repairs and alterations in the building used'for
the sessions of the United States courts-for the
district of Maine; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
THE. CENSUS BILL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask of the Senate to
insist upon the amendments made to the Bill in re-
lation to the census, and to agree to the conference
asked by the House, and that conferees may be
appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now move that the
committee be appointed by the Chair, and consist
of three members.
The motion was agreed to, and
The PRESIDENT named Messrs. Under-
wood, Davis', of Massachusetts, and Davis, of
Mississippi, as such committee.
THE TARIFF. „
Mr. BALDWIN. I have a memorial which I
am requested to present.to the Senate, signed by a
large number of citizens of Farmington, Hartford
county, Connecticut, representing that they are an
agricultural and manufacturing community,, and
praying for such alteration in our tariff laws as
will, without increasing the revenue, afford inci-
dental protection to the manufactures of our own
country, and particularly praying for the substitu-
tion of specific duties in lieu of the system of ad
valorem duties. I ask the reference of the-petition
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
CONNECTICUT RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
Mr. BALDWIN. I am requested to present to'
the Senate, resolutions of the Legislature of Qon-
necticut, passed at the late session of the General
Assembly of that State, upon the subject of sla-
very, which I ask may be read, laid on the table,
and printed.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There are several
important propositions in these resolutions. One,
I believe, is the emancipation of the slaves in the
District of Columbia, by making due compensa-
tion therefor. I should be glad to hear from the
mover where the money is to come from.
Mr. BALDWIN. 1 believe the resolutions are
not debatable upon a motion to lay them on the
table. It is not my intention to engage at all in
the discussion of the propositions passed by the
Legislature of my State, and I have submitted
them for the consideration of the Senate, in obe-
didRce to the request of that Legislature. My
present object is simply to have them laid on the
table and printed, ami if, hereafter, it shall be
deemed desirable to discus^ the several proposi-
tions contained in them, then I shall be ready to
respond to the call made upon me.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. As I did not hear
any part of the Senator's answer, I will ask him
another question, whether these are resolutions of
the Legislature, and if so, whether the Senator has
been requested to present them? ^
