THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
The question recurring on ordering the bill to a
third reading,
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend it by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting a substitute, providing that j
the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay to the
heirs of Dr. Thomas Cooper the sum of four hun-
dred dollars, with interest at the rate of six per
cent, per annum, from the Istof November, 1800,
until paid.
The amendment having been read,
Mr. SWEETSER said, that he very much re-
gretted to see amendments, one after another, of-
fered to this bill. It seemed to him that the coun-
try was fully prepared to see its Representatives
in this national legislature make every individual,
who had suffered under the grinding operation of
the alien and sedition laws 
Mr. BUTLER interposed, and claimed the
floor, (which, however, nad been awarded to Mr.
Sweetsek.)
Mr. SWEETSER, (continuing.) The object
of these amendments is obvious. I have 
Mr. BUTLER, (interposing.) Surely the gen-
tleman does not understand that the amendment
which I have offered is but a repetition of the origi-
nal bill, with the single alteration that the money
shall be pnul to the heirs instead of the exccutors!
Mr. SWEETSER. I thought it proposed to
strike out the interest?
Mr. BUTLER. Nothing of the kind.
Mr. SWEETSER. Does your amendment
propose to pay the sum of five hundred dollars,
with the interest?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes.
Mr. SWEETSER. I was mistaken. I sup-
posed* the gentleman was in favor of defeating the
bill iri an indirect way.
Mr. BUTLER. I had no such object.
Mr. SWEETSER. Then I have nothing more
to soy.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, remark-
ing that there could, he thought, be no objection
to the amendment, moved the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken, (which main question
was first on the amendment, and then on ordering
the bill to a third reading.)
The amendment was agreed to. The bill, as
thus amended, was ordered to a third reading, (at
this time,) and having been read a third time, was
passed.
On motion by Mr. VENABLE, the title of the
bill was so altered as to conform to the amend-
ment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the vote by which the bill had been passed, be te-
considered, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
Several voices; "You need not make the mo-
tion"—" No one will ever disturb the bill."
Mr. THOMPSON. Who knows? Strange
things sometimes happen.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
The bill for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia, coming up on the question of en-
grossment,
A motion was made that the House adjourn,
which was agreed to.
So the House adjourned until Monday, at 12
o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. DOTY : The petition of Frederick Langdon, A.
C. Knight, mid othe.r citizens of Wisconsin, tor a post-route
from Columbus to Lake Puckawa.
Also, the petition of E. S. Buttrick, H. Sommers, and
others, citizens of Winnebago, for a in ail-route from 0«h-
ko«h to B.'rlin, \*ia Algoma, Senega, and Watikan.
Al>o, the petition of .T, B, Miller, Daniel P. Sherwood,
and other.-*, citizens of Wisconsin, tor a land office at Pe-
korra.
Also, the petition of Simon D. Powers, Bostwiek O'Con-
nor, and numerous citizens of Wisconsin, tor a government
road from Port Washington toDekoria.
Bv Mr. ROCKWALL : Th petition of 120 students of
Williams.College, in Williamstown, Massachusetts, asking
that the postage on letters maybe reduced to the uniform
rate of two cents.
Also, the petition of W. A. Phillips, and 215 others, citi-
zens of Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Elizur Smith and 136 others, citizens
of Lee, Massachusetts, for the same'object.
Also, the petition of A. S. Ranney aria 123 others, citizens'
of Boston, Massachusetts, for the same object. -
Also, the petition of Theophilus Packhard, jr., and 38
others, citizens of Shelburne, Massachusetts, for a uniform
rate of postage, not to exceed one cent on newspapers, and
two cents on prepaid letters of half an ounce, for all dis-
tances; and for other corresponding reforms.
Also, the petition of Daniel E. Chapm and 46 others, citi-
zens of Blandford, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also,£he petition of Otis Dresser and 44 others, citizens
of Stockbridge, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Tremain and 103 others,
citizens of Great Barrington, Massachusetts, for the same
object.
Ajso, the petition of Charles Sedgwick and 32 others,
citizens of Lenox, Massachusetts, praying that provision
may be made by law to secure to alleged fugitives the right
of trial by jury.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Isaac Sheen, president of the Aarome Priesthood of the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, affd 18 other
members of said church, citizens of Kentucky, representing,
lhat mail-matter intended for the inhabitants of the Salt
Lake valley, is suppressed at Kanesville, Pottawatamie
county, by the Salt Lake Mormons, in defiance of the laws
of the United States, and charging those concerned, with
tyranny, injustice, and treason ; praying for a redress of
these grievances, and protesting against the admission of
Deserct into the Union.
Rv Mr. JACKSON, of New York : The petition of J. B.
Williams, C. S. Spencer, and 23 others, citizens of Ithaca,
Tompkins county, New York, on the subject of cheap post-
age on prepaid letters, for the transmission ot newspapers
by mail, free of po«taae, thirty miles from the place where
printed, or within the Congressional district in which they
are published, and for the abolition of the franking privilege.
anoj.thc; petition of M. C. Rigg?, J. S. Tichenor, and 24
others, citizens of the same place, on the same subject.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana: The petition of Chapman
& Spawn, and 13 others, citizens ol Indunnpohe, Indiana,
praying a reduction of postage.
By Mr. PHQ2NIX: A memorial of the Chamber of Com-
mciceof New York, recommending the early attention of
Congress to the claims for captures, by cruisers of the Re-
public of France, prior to the year 1800.
Also, petitions of citizens of New York and elsewhere,
in favor ot a reduction ot the rates of postage.
Also, a memorial ol the Life-Saving Benevolent Asso-
ciation of New York.
By Mr. REED: The memorial of 106 officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812, praying bounty land.
Ry Mr. COLR ■ The petition of Joseph Colley and other
citizens of Beloit, praying Congress to adopt some measures
for the settlement of international difficulties by arbitiation.
Also, the petition of J. Warner and other citizens of Grant
county, praying for the establishment of a mail-route from
Dodgeville to Prairie du Chien, via Franklin, &e.
By Mr. YOUNG : The petilion ot John L. Allison and220
other*, citizens of Illinois, asking the establishment of a
mail-route iri Illinois, from Greenup, in Cumberland county,
through Paradise, to Cochran's Grove, in Coles county.
By Mr. MASON: A petition from sundry citizens of Lex-
ington, Kentucky, praung for the establishment of a mail-
route fiom Mavs\illeto Knapp's, Kentucky.
Rv Mr. SCIJEKMERHORN: The petition of 268 citizens
of Monroe county, for the repeal of the act of 1845, extend-
ing the patent for Woodworth's planing machine.
By Mr. FOWLER- The petition of Isabel Ingraham and
56 otlicis, citizen* ofPawtucket, Massachusetts,*praying for
a reduction of postage on prepaid letters, to two cents.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania : The petition of sundry
citizens ot Bedford and Huntingdon counties, Pennsylvania,
praying for the establishment of a post-route from Hopewell,
Bedford county, via Broadtop, Beavei town, and G!a«gow,
to Mill Creek, Huntingdon county—about thirty-foui uiiles.
By Mr. RIOHARDSON: The petition of a large and re-
spectable portion of the citizens of Peoria city, Illinois, for
cheap postage.
Bv Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of D. H. Ketchum and
other®, citizens of Oakland county, Michigan, for cheap
postage
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Levi Berry, jr., of
Smyrna, and 26 others, praying Congress to establish a mail-
route fiom Houston to Smyrna, in the county of Aroostook,
and State of Maine.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of I«aae Thomas and
30 other citfzens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
asking for the establishment of an Agricultural bureau.
. Bv Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition ot Swim-
field Anderson, Thomas J. Kyle, and sundry other citizens,
of Hawkins countv, Tennessee, praying the establishment
rtfa mail-route from Rogersville, Tennessee, to Jonesville
Virginia.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of L. Wiswall and
24 other ciiizens of Brooks, in the State of Maine, praying
Congress to pass a law eMablithiiig the rates of postage on
prepaid letters, at two cents per half ounce. i
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of John Brown and 56 !
other citizens of Sabine county, Mi-souri, praj ing the es-
tablishment of a post-route from Arrow-Rock, via Cam- i
bridge, Petra, Miami, mid Cow-Creek, to Marshall, and !
from Marshall to Arrow-Rock. 1
Also, the memorial of the Pacific Railroad Company, in- j
corporated by the Legislature ol the State of Missouri, pray- !
ingado ation ot a poition of ihe public land lying on the !
route of said road, in said State, toaid in the construction ot 1
a i ail road from the city of St. Louis to the western tine of \
said State. j
Also, the petition Gideon Frary and 65 other citzens of i
ihe county of St. Genevieve, Missouri, praying the e«- I
tabhshment of a post-route from the city of St. Genevieve j
to Farmington.
Also, the petition of William D. McCrocken and 21 other i
citizens of St. Francois county, Missouri, for the same ob- j.
ject. f
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of 87 citizens and electors
ofSaybrook and vicinity, in the State of Connecticut, pray,
ing that provision he made by law for the trial of fugitive
slaves by a jury, before they are delivered to their claim
ants.
Also, the petition of the same, praying that no State be
hereafter admitted into the Union, unless the constitution
thereof prohibit slavery therein.
Also, the petition of the same, praying that slavery and
the slave trade may be prohibited in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, the petition of the same, praying fo^ the repeal of all
laws enaeted by Congress, by which slaveiy and the slave-
trade is authorized and sanctioned in the Distnct of Colum-
bia, and, if such laws are not repealed, that the seat of the
National Government may be removed to some more suit-
able iocation.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 15, 1850.
Mr. CHASE. I beg leave to submit to the Sen-
ate the memorial of a highly respectable citizen of
Cincinnati, on a subject of great interest, for such
action as may be thought appropriate. The me-
morialist is Dr. J. H. Pulte, a gentleman of great
intelligence, who has devoted much of his own at-
tention to the subject to which he invites ours. He
proposes the construction of a telegraph to connect
the old world with the new, and asks such action
by Congress as may contribute to the realization
of his project. The route proposed is across the
continent to some point in California; thence along
the coast to LSehring's straits; thence across those
straits, and through northern Asia and Europe, to
St.. Petersburg, and to the western cities of Eu-
rope. It is a grand, though somewhat startling
idea. The memorialist entertains a strong convic-
tion that it is entirely practicable. He has held
extensive communications on the subject, and has
made himself acquainted with the geography of
the country through which the telegraph is to pass,
and with the details properly belonging to such an
enterprise. Among other distinguished men, he
has consulted the celebrated Humboldt, and has
his sanction, as I understand, to his general views.
Without saying anything further, at this time, I
will move that the memorial be' referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and that it be printed.
I believe the facts and views presented in the me-
morial cannot fail to interest every Senator.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York
in relation to claims for French spoliations prior to
1800; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Also, a petition of citizens of Utica, Oneida coun-
ty, New York, asking that a reduction of postage
be made on ail prepaid letters to two cents on the
half ounce; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
woodworth's patent.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Fowlersville, in the State of New York,
remonstrating against the further extension of
Woodworth's patent planing machine, on the
ground—1st. because the patent has already been
twice extended. 2d. Because the owners of said pa-
tent have already realized from it a very large sum
beyond all expenses, and the patent has still seven
years to run. 3d. Because the owners of said
patent are grasping, oppressive, and unscrupulous
and exercise their patent rights in the worst spirit
of monopoly. 4th. Because the practice of extend-
ing patents by §pecia! acts of Congress js fraught
with many temptations to fraud, and tend strongly
to bring the whole patent system into contempt
with the people, to the great injury of inventors,
and all persons interested in sustaining patent rights
before juries; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patent's and the Patent Office.
INDIA-RUBBER PATENTED FABRICS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented four
several petitions, very numerously signed, by citi-
zens of the States of New York, New Jersey, and
Rhode Island, engaged in the manufacture of fab-
rics from India rubber, asking an amendment of
the patent laws. The petitioners represent that
the present law is defective in many lespects, but
especially in its provisions in regard to the reissue
of patents, and in the want of suitable provisions
to enable a party interested to institute a process
by which the validity of patents may be tested and
set aside when improperly issued. These petitions
were referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
