540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
each, and you would have a population distributed
along the route of 1,152,000. Add to this one- |
quarter as many more for those settled in the vil-
lages as mechanics, traders, and so forth, and
others not permanently settled, but inhabiting the
country generally as laborers, and you have a
population of 1,440,000—nearly a million and a
half. This, sir, will secure the completion of the
your road. Should the Government then aban-
don the enterprise, every mile of the road would
be made by the enterprise of the freemen along
its lines. For every mile of it there would be
a hundred and forty-four independent proprie-
tors, stimulated by all the prospects of gain and
fortune. Supposing the cost to be $20,000 per
mile, they would have to contribute but about
$138 each to build it themselves, hut little more
than two thirds of what the land of each would
cost, if he had to purchase it of the Government.
Each mile would contribute its own labor, and
manufacture its tools and implements, with every
variety of wheel carriage used. Each mile would
furnish its own supplies and provisions, animals
of draught and burden, and its own guard and de-
fenders.. And, besides, as each mile of the road
was completed, it would be through a settled coun-
try, which would contribute at once to a profitable
way travel and freight; otherwise the road would
be comparatively unused, until completed the
whole distance, and would then have to be sup-
ported in a great degree by the through travel and
freight, which never yet would keep a railroad in
repair, if of any considerable length.
But, above all, sir, my plan would lay the basis
of the happiest plan of settlement that the Gov-
ernment can ever adopt for the country—one which
would secure more and more lasting happiness and
independence, than could be secured by any other
that has ever been tried. It is a plan looking far
into the future, and to the interests and happiness
of generations that shall come. It is one which
the country can adopt only while the public do-
main is yet in the Government. When that is
gone, the opportunity to provide against large
landed proprietorships will be gone also; and when
redundanL population comes, our country will
suffer all the miseries which have attended the
same causes in IJngland, Ireland, and Europe.
Many schemes or plans for the construction of
this great work have been suggested, but all have
seemed to look to vast individual speculations only.
None of them have aimed at the accomplishment
of a general,good to a great class—and that class the
poor but enterprising—as well as the good of the
Government. My plan has nothing of individual j|
speculation for the capitalist in it"; but while it j|
avoids this, it secures I lie end, and at the same time j j
secures incalculable blessings to a large, deserving, jj
and meritorious class of our fellow-citizens, with ij
no sacrifice to the interests of the Government, but >j
with a manifest promotion of them all. Jj
I am as well aware as any other, that in public |j
estimation, subjects introduced here derive more ji
of their importance from the name of the one in- jj
troducing them, than from their intrinsic merit; I,
and I am equally aware that mine is not yet a
name to lend importance tQ this measure. But I
have brought it forward with the hope that it may
receive the support of Senators whose names are
always influential with the country, and give char-
acter to public enterprises. If it shall be carried
in a law, I will venture the humble prediction that
never was a measure received with more public
favor—never was one more unanimously popular—
than will be the one I now submit. It is but a
general plan or system—one which will require
much amendment in detail. I do not, therefore,
submit it as a complete proposition.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the pro-
vision' of the laws granting pensions to widows of
soldiers of the revolutionary army.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to be entitled " An act
to amend an act entitled an act to settle the titles
of certain tracts of land in the State of Arkansas,"
approved 3d of March, 1839.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
adverse reports lying on the table.
The adverse report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in the case of William H. Burns, was
taken up and concurred in.
The adverse report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in the case of Francis B. Stockton, was
taken up; and, on motion by Mr. BERRIEN, laid
upon the table.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claims,
on the petition of William A. Duer, i>as taken up
and concurred in.
The adverse report of the Committee on Public
Lands, on the memorial of the Legislature of
Missouri, in relation to the preemption laws, was
taken up and concurred in.
The adverse report of the same committee, on
the petition of settlers on the mouth of the Onto-
ganon river, in Michigan, was taken up and con-
curred in.
The adverse report of the Committee on Public
Lands, on the resolution of the Senate, asking
whether an amendment to the act of July 11,1849,
so as to authorize the sale or assignment of land
warrants before they are actually issued at the
office, was taken up and concurred in.
The adverse report of Lhe Committee on Com-
merce, on the petition of David P. Barhydt, was
taken up and concurred in.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claims,
on the petition of sundry citizens of Michigan,
in favor of Hubert La Croix, was-taken up and
concurred in.
COMPENSATION TO AN INJURED OFFICER.
On motion by Mr, SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration, as in Committee of
the Whole, of the report of the Committee on the
District of Columbia in favor of giving to Owen
Connolly his pay, from the time of his removal
from the police of the Capitol to the present time, in
consideration of injuries sustained by him while in
the discharge.of his public duties, and which have
disabled him for life; and no amendment having
been offered, it was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
COMMISSARIAT DEPARTMENT.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the bill to
increase the commissariat of the army.
The bill having been read,
Mr. DAVIS said: I will state that this bill has
been under consideration before, and that the ob-
ject is to provide four commissaries from the line
of the army, of the rank of captains, being exactly
the number now* employed in the commissariat
by detail from the army. The bill provides that
in future, instead of detailing that number of of-
ficers, they shall be regularly appointed by the
commissariat. The advantages of such an ar-
rangement, I suppose, are generally understood
and appreciated by the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to hear the
Senator from Mississippi explain the reason why
it is necessary to increase the commissariat of the
army when the war is over?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Though the war
is over, our posts have not been decreased; on the
contrary, they are greatly extended. These posts
are required in Texas, Oregon, and California.
We require officers as commissaries of the highest
ability, and we have not now a sufficient number
of officers for these, and other additional duties.
Consequently, officers have been detailed from the
line of the army to perform this service. I will
also state to the Senator from Kentucky, that a
new question has risen as to the manner of sup-
plying the posts situated in those remote countries.
The commissary has done much to improve the
I character of the supplies, while he has at the same
| time reduced the expenditures of the army. It is
I necessary there should be a number of officers,
| equal to the number of posts, and it is necessary
I the bill should be passed now, that these commis-
saries may have their instructions, and enter on
1 their duties.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
M, BRADBURY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a resolution, which I
offered some days since, respecting removals from
office. It has been laid oyer from time to time, ift
consequence of the excitement and interest on the
subject of the territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. Already the three first
days of the next week are assigned to the consid-
eration of other subjects. I merely make the sug-
gestion, that Thursday next, at a quarter before
one o'clock, be assigned for the consideration of
this resolution; but I will leave it to the honorable
Senator from Connecticut to make the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I feel myself under obligations
to the honorable Senator from Maine for calling
attention to this subject. So far as the resolution
itself is concerned, it is a matter of perfect indif-
ference to me whether it is passed or not, but I
desire to have an opportunity to make a reply to
some remarks in the speech of my friend from
Maine.
The motion to make the resolution the special
order for Thursday next, was agreed to.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill providing for the taking of ther,sev-
enth census.
The pending question was a motion to recom-
mit the bill, with instructions to exclude from it
everything except such portion as relates to the
enumeration of inhabitants.
Mr. BADGER. I made the pending motion
for the purpose of ascertaining whether the Senate
would pursue the practice of taking these numer-
ous statistics. If the Senate are in favor of having
tljem taken, they will go on and ascertain how they
shall be taken; but if they are opposed to it, they
will adopt my**mendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ment contemplates the exclusion of everything
except the enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States. If this is the sense of the Senate,
they will make very short work of it. But, unless
I misapprehend the views of this body, they intend
to take statistics upon other matters besides theenu-
meration of the population. I will not consume
; time, however, as I suppose every gentleman has
his mind made up about the matter.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to recommit,and they were ordered;
and, being taken, were yeas 16, nays 29.
The auestion then recurred on the amendment
by Mr/BoRLAND, to add to the 20th section the
following:
" jProvided, That all the classifications, arrangements,
compendium^, abstracts, tables, and other statements, in
any form, ot ttie returns of the census, and the printing for
taking the same, provided for in this act, prepared by, or
under the direction and supervision, of tne Secretary of the
Interior, shall be pruned by the printers of the two /louses
of Congi ess, under the same rules, and on the same teinrn,
upon which other printing tor Congress is now done, or may
be done, by any act or joint resolution of Congress now m
force, or which may b • in force at the time when said print-
ing shall have to be done.35
The-section to which it is proposed to add this
amendment, is in these words:
a fcEC. 20. Jlnd be it further enarterf, That, as bv law it is
made the duty of the secretary of the Intenor to superin-
tend the census, he is also hereby requited to eairy into
j effect the provisions of this act, and especially to that end
f to provide blanks, and dmnbute the same among the mar-
i shals, so that the enumeration may commence on the first
, day of June next,.and be taken with reference to that day
; in each and every district, and sub-divtaion of districts ; to
[ draw up and distribute at the same tune, printed instructions,
I defining and explaining the duties of such as collect the sta-
| tis>tic>, and the limits by which such duties are circum-
, scribed, in a clear and intelligible manner; to see, also,
j that all due diligence is employed by the marshals and as-
; M-tants, to make returns of their respective doings, com-
; pleted, «it the earhen possible day, before the sa d first day
: ot October next; and, further, as the returns are so made
, to causc the same to be classified and as ranged in the best
'• arid most convenient manner for n*e, and   thousand
j copies thereof to be printed for distribution."
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish some
> member of the committee would explain first,
; whether the blanks have not been already printed;
j and second, whether contracts have not been made
I for the paper. If they have, it is a question
j whether we shall not lose time and money, and
; injure the character of the work, by a change in
1 the arrangements.
| Mr. BORLAND. The amendment is one which
' was offered by myself. It is not my present
| intention to offer arguments in its support, but
| merely to say a word by way of explanation.
! 'n the words of this amendment, it is required that
| the printing which has now to be done, shall be
I done under the direction and supervision of the
