1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 22,
the seventeenth section of the act of 1834, which
seems to have been his object from the beginning,
a few words, making it directly applicable to what
may be created now as Indian country, would have
been sufficient. But this now enlarges the pro-
visions of the act of 1834, and applies this enlarge-
ment, not to the whole Indian country, but to
Texas, Alabama, and Florida, and leaves out, as I
understand the subject, the balance of the Indian
country. It embraces the particular countries
named in the bill, and leaves the other parts of the
Indian territory altogether out of the question.
The effect of that will be this: that you leave the
provisions of the act of 1834, which I have read
to the Seriate, in full force m reference to all the
Indians except those of Texas, Alabama, and Flor-
ida, and in reference to this matter you give en-
tirely a new rule, greatly superior to .that which
has heretofore prevailed, in regard to the interests
of the claimants Now, 1 put It to my friend from
Missouri, to know upon what principle this dis-
crimination is made? How can he reconcile it to
himself to place one portion of the citizens of this
country, in reference to depredations committed
upon their property, on a better footing than oth-
ers ? Sir, 1 cannot vote for a proposition of that
sort. It seems to me we ought not to make this
distinction, but that, if this bill is to pass at all,
we ought to provide that all may obtain their
money after twelve months, and that these claim-
ants from Texas,Alabama, and Florida shall stand
precisely upon the same footing as those from
Minnesota, Missouri, or Iowa, in reference to the
Indians in their vicinity. It seems to me that the
bill does not provide in that Respect as it should,
and I hope the gentleman from Missouri will make
a suitable provision.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the case that the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky has made out was a
true state of the case, I would agree with him in
the conclusion at which he ariives. But there is
no change by this bill in the act of 1834, in the
respect he mentions. I will call his attention to
it. He can take the act of 1834, and this is a lit-
eral copy as to what he has read:
'■Who, upon hems furnished with tlie necessary proofs,
shall m.ikr .ipphoahon to the tribe or nation tr> winch such
Indian^ belong, (or si.it^fcU'tion ; and if such nation or
tribe- >liall neglect or rrfiise fo make sttidictum in a reason
oble time, not to exceed twelve months" 
(Now, these are the very words of the law of
1834.)
" a return of the proceedings shall be, made by the asent,
sub-ngont, or connnisbioner, to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior''' 
(The Secretary of the Interior is substituted in
this law for the President of the United States.
This is the only difference.)
"that such further steps shall be taken as shall be proper, in
hi  opinion, to obtain satisfaction !or the injury, and iu the
mean time the United Stales shall guaranty" 
(Using the very words oi the act of 1834.)
"tlx* party «o Injured the amount of value ol" the propeitv
tak'Mi, stolen, or dt'stioyed."
iV>«, this law does not give to the peonle of
Texas, and Florida, and Alabama, and Georgia,
any advantage over the people of any other States
of 'ho Union. It is m the very words of the act
of 1834.' There is, therefore, no change of pnn-
c-pie. 1 admit that perhaps it would have been
equally as well m a few words to have extended
the benefits of the intercouise law of 1834 to the
people of Texas, Alabama, and Georgia. It
might have been better to have done this in a few
words; but there was some obscurity in the 17;h
section of that law, which the committee attempt-
ed to obviate by substituting other and different
words, without changing the meaning of the law.
If the Senator from Kentucky will examine the
matter, he will find that there is no advantage
given to the people of Texas, or other States of
the Union, as to their intercouse with Indian
tribes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The difference between
the Senator from Missouri and myself can very
readily be seen by reading the language of the act
of 1834 and the language of this bill. If there is
no difference, why, of course, my objection falls
to the ground. I do conceive, though, that there
is a very palpable difference, and that it will be so
construed by the department which may have to
adjudicate upon the matter, if this bill should pass
The section of the bill which we have now under
consideration provides that—
« If such nation or tribes shall refuse or ne«lectto make
satisfaction in a reasonable time, not to eieeed twelve
months, a return of the proceeding shall be made bv the
aaent, pub-agent, or commissioner, to the Secietary of the
Interior, that such further steps may be taken as shall be
proper, In his opinion, to obtain satisfaction for the injury;
and in the mean time" 
That is to say, while other steps are going on;
while in the discretion of the Secretary of the In-
terior he is resorting to other measures to obtain
indemnification. Now, the word " indemnity" is
stricken out, and the word "guaranty" is put in.
Then it will read that " the United States shall
guaranty the party to the amount of the value of
the property taken, stolen or destroyed." " Guar-
anty," "in the mean time," and so forth. But
it does not stop there, sir. If it stopped there,
there would be some plausibility in the reason
based upon what my friend from Missouri read;
but, instead of stopping there, it goes on and says
such indemnity shall be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Indian department. Now, that is part
of the bill. What does it mean ? If language can
communicate a distinct and intelligible idea, to my
mind it means, that after the agent shall have made
his investigation, and attempted to procure indem-
nity, and failed therein—twelve months having
been given him to do it m—he is to make his
report to the Secretary of the Interior, and then
here is an express promise on the part of the Con-
gress of the United States to indemnify the party
and pay the amount out of the contingent fund of
the department.
Now, what is the language of the act of 1834?
It is, that for these injuries the United States will
guaranty an eventual indemnification—not to pay
it out of the contingent fund of the department,
but simply the payment on the part of the Govern-
ment, that if a person will not endeavor to retaliate
upon the Indians—for, if he does, then by the pro-
visions of the act he forfeits all claim to compen-
sation—but look to the Government, the Govern-
ment will eventually indemnify him, leaving it to
the Government to do it at its own good pleasure.
Here, then, is a bill which provides that after
twelve months have expired—indemnity not hav-
ing been obtained from the Indians—the money
shall be paid out of the contingent fund of the de-
partment. And this is to apply to a particular
favorite section of the United States, leaving the
other portion of the United States to depend upon
the act of 1834. Now, sir, if this bill means the
same thing as the act of 1834—if there is no differ-
ence in the respect I have pointed out, it is all very
well; but I cannot consent to legislate to make
this wide difference between the claims of citizens
of different sections of the country, which this bill
m its present condition, m my opinion, would in-
evitably make.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I move to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until to-
morrow.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust the Senator will
withdraw the motion. I shall forego any response
to the Senator from Kentucky, and I trust we may
have a vote on the bill now. It is admitted on all
hands to be a very important bill; and if it is in-
tended thatihe House of Representatives shall act
upon it at all at this session, it is time that itshould
pass the Senate. 1 trust the motion will be with-
drawn, so that we can have a vote on the bill.
Mr MASON. I dislike to interpose m relation
to this matter; but 1 felt compelled to make the
motion I did. 1 am willing, however, that a vote
should be taken on this bill. I therefore withdraw
my motion
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Underwood, to strike out the third section
of the bill.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, all that part of
the argument of the Senator from Kentucky
which refers to what he supposes to be a differ-
ence between this bili and that of 1834, in regard
to the degree of responsibility and the character of
the responsibility which the Government assumes,
has no application whatever, to the amendment
which is now proposed. Am I right in that? I
ask the Senator from Kentucky, because I wish to
reply simply to what he said in regard to the
amendment now pending.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I will explain. The section which I pro-
pose to strike out reads: " The preceding sections
of this act shall apply to citizens of Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida, for injuries done to property
by the Indians," &c. This section, therefore, by
adopting the preceding sections, places Alabama
and Florida, like Texas, on the favored footing of
which I complain. That part of the argument,
therefore, applies to that.
Mr. YULEE. Well, to avoid that, he ought
to move to strike out the part to which he objects;
the word " indemnity," or whatever it may be.
But the proposition now is to strike out that part
of the bill which makes it applicable to Georgia,
Florida, and Alabama. The Senator submits the
proposition, because he thinks the act of 1834,
sufficiently covers the case3 which can arise m
those States. Now, if that were so, the proposi-
tion of the Senator to strike out what he proposes,
would be right. But, in point of fact, it is not so.
I will show the Senator that the department ex-
pressly decided that the act does not apply to those
States, and that, in fact, it does not apply to them.
The Senator has not given due stress and em-
phasis to a part of the phraseology of the act of
1834, which controls its meaning and application.
In the first place, the Senator is mistaken in sup-
posing that the present act will apply to any class of
cases which have been before the committee of
which he is a member, or which have been acted
on by Congress at all. , It applies to a few cases
which have been referre4 at this session to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. That committee,
instead of reporting special acts, finding that the
department had determined not to apply the act of
1834 to these cases, under the presumption that it
was not intended to apply to them, have intro-
duced this general act, by which the general pro-
visions of the law of 1834 are made to apply to
these States.
Now, the cases referred to had been presented
to the Indian department, according to the provis--
ions and requirements of this law. The Indian
department, by a written decision, which was in
my possession some time ago, expi essly decided
that the act of 1834 did not apply to those cases,
for a reason which I will proceed to show. And
this seemed to me to be a proper reason, consider-
ing that executive officeis should give a strict con-
struction to the acts under which they are called
on to pay money. It is this: The act of 1834 de-
clared that the Indian country should be " all that
' part of the United States west of the Mississippi,
' and not within the States of Missouri and Loui-
' siana, or the Territory of Arkansas; and also
' that part of the United States east of the Missts-
' sippi river, and not within any State to which the
' Indian title has not been extinguished." Now,
then, the Indian title had been extinguished, at
the time of the passage of the act, to Florida and
Alabama.
Now let us look at the 17th section of the act
of 1834, which has a direct bearing upon the sub-
ject. It says:
"That if any Indian oi Indians belonging to any tribe in
amity with the f/mteil States shall, within tile Indian coun-
try, take or destroy the property ot any person lawfully
within such country, or .-.half pass Iroui the Indian country
into nriy Slate oi Territory," &.C.
The Senator overlooks that part of the law
which makes it necessary that the Indians should
have passed from the Indian country. The de-
pa! tment has decided that they do not pass from
Indian country, except when they pass from the
country described as such in the first section of
the act—country west of the Mississippi appro-
priated to Indian occupation, or country east of
the Mississippi to which the Indian title has not
been extinguished. The Senator will, therefore,
see that the ground upon which the department
made its decision has some reasonable foundation,
and that some remedial legislation is therefore re-
quired.
Now, if it be proper and right that this act of
1834 should exist at ail, it is equally proper and
right that it should apply to every part of the
country where Indians, under the authority and
jurisdiction of the United States, yet continue in
contiguity with the white population. This is all
I desire to say.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I would
call the attention of the Senator from Florida to a
difference. The act of 1834 contains this limita-
tion:
" jind provided also, That unless such claim shall he pre-
sented within three year-, tiiVr the commission of the in-
jury the same shall be barred."
Now, there is a retrospective section in the hill
before us which revives and resuscitates all these
claims for some fourteen or fifteen years. You
leave the question in reference to depredations upon
