542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
printers, they will not inevitably sustain a very-
heavy loss by it ?
Mr. BORLAND. I think the question of the
. Senator hus as little application to the business be-
fore us now, as any of which I can conceive. I
cannot think that, for the purpose of settling a
question of this sort( as to the proper-legislation of
Congress, and the proper mode of doing the public
work, we can properly or pertinently inquire how
much money may be made or lost by the present
printers.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senator whether, if
he is to sustain a heavy loss, the printer may not
refuse to do the work? The amendment makes
#no provision for such a case.
Mr. BORLAND. I contend that it does con-
tain a provision which fully meets that case, as I
will show. The amendment provides in these
words: "Under the rules and on the same terms
' upon which other printing; is now done, or may be
' done, by any act or joint resolution which may be
' in force at the time when said printing shall have
'to be done." Now, does not that fully regulate
the matter.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator does not under-
stand me. Suppose the present resolution for the
Congressional printing continues in effect, and
suppose those gentlemen who are contractors
under it, understanding that it is not part of their
duty, refuse to do this printing, what are we to do
then? They are not bound to do it, and the
amendment makes no provision for a case of the
kind.
Mr. BORLAND. I must confess that I have
riot been able to meet a case of that sort. I am
not able, and I suppose it is impossible, to meet
every case which the Senator may suppose. He
may suppose anything. He might with as much
propriety, perhaps, suppose that the printer would
throw the work into the fire after executing it.
I do not see what application such a question can
possibly have to (he business before us.
The debates which touched the subject of the
public printing generally, the mode of its execu-
tion, the rights of the present contractors under
their contract, and the powers of the Committee
on Printing under the act of 1846, was further
continued by Messrs. BORLAND, UNDER-
WOOD, DAWSON, BENTON, and DAVIS of
Massachusetts, when
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following
amendment, to provide for the printing of a com-
pendium of the census:
" That contracts for materials and printing of said copies
shall be given to the lowe.it (udder, (after due advertisement,)
who shall execute bond with approved security for the per-
formance of ihe work."
Mr. BORLAND said: I rise, sir, for the single
purpose of correcting what appears to be a misap-
prehension on the part of the Senator from Mis-
souri, that,the committee are either authorized or
required to make contracts for the public printing.
The Senator's remarks, in this respect, are not
applicable to the Committee on Printing.
The quesiion was then taken on Mr. Under-
wood's amendment to the amendment, and it was
agreed to. •
The question recurred on the adoption of the
amendment as amended.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken
upon that question, I wish simply to state, that I
a^ree perfectly with the Senator from Georgia in
regard to ihis subject of printing, and I think thai
there should be an entire change in the system. I
made my motion, not because I particularly de-
sired the printing to be contracted for now, but
because, if it had to be done, I wished it done in
the manner I proposed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Arkansas that he had better allow
the vote to be taken on the amendment, and then
move to strike out that part of the section which
refers thousand copies to be piinted for dis-
tribution. It will be necessary to get clear of
that. Let the amendment be adopted, and then
strike out all that fmrt that directs the printing.
The question was then taken on the amendment
as amended; and it was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As the amendment has
been rejected, I presume, as a mattSrofcourse, that
the words to which I have called the attention of
the Senator will be stricken out.
Mr. WALKEPi. I wish to ask the ohairm; n
of th# committee what is meant by the second ar-
ticle of the proviso, " shall be an equivalent for the
services ?" &c.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin waive that until this subject
has been disposed of? I understand that the deci-
sion of the Chair is, that the amendment proposed
by my honorable friend from Arkansas is rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. As it has been rejected, I will
offer the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the section:
"Provided, however. That all the printing, except the blank
tables, shall be executed under the provisions of existing
laws, and the census board shall liavecuarge of printing
the said blanks."
Mr. DAWSON. Will it be in order to move
to substitute a new bill in the place of that which
is under consideration ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be
in order to move a substitute, so long as gentle-
men have amendments to move to this bill, with a
view to perfect it.
Mr. KING. I apprehend it will be in order,
Mr. President, for the honorable gentleman to
move to strike out all except the enacting clause,
and to insert what he chooses to propose. When
that is done, however, the original bill and the
proposed amendment will be subject to amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstands that the regular course of proceeding is,
that all amendments that may be offered, with a
view to perfect the original bill, shall be received
before the motion for a substitute is entertained.
Mr. BUTLER. Does the Senator propose a
substitute for the whole bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the substitute cannot now be re-
ceived.
Mr. KING. The substitute may certainly be
moved, and then propositions may be made to
amend either.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts is now in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir; I will
explain the amendment that I have proposed. The
effect of it is to give to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior the authority to procure all the printing ex-
cept the blanks, and it gives it to him under the
existing law. An honorable Senator on my right
suggests that the law that has been read has been
repealed. If so, I am notaware when itoccurred;
but this I know, that the departments now act
upon the supposition that that law is in force.
They advertise the printing to be let to the lowest
bidder. The answer of the Secretary to the call
that was made on him a few days ago by the Sen-
ate, certified to us that he does that. He answers
that he is in the practice of doing that, in conform-
ity with the provisions of the law. I am notaware
that it has been repealed. The result then will
be, that whatever printing the Secretary of the In-
terior has occasion to order, growing out of this
exigency, he will be obliged to advertise and take
the lowest bid, according to the provisions of the
act. I will add simply, for the reason already
stated, inasmuch as the census board have pur-
chased this paper—inasmuch as it is expected that
it should be used, as it is suitable for the purpose,
and that such paper is riot at all tunes to be ob-
tained—it seems to me that the board ought to be
permitted to have charge of the priting.
Mr. CLAY. I will thank the Secretary to read
the proposed amendment.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. CLAY. Now, sir, 1 move to amend that
amendment. The amendment that is now pro-
posed, provides that the printing shall be done ac-
cording to the existing laws. What are the exist-
ing laws on the subject? Can anybody tell me?
I have understood, in reference to another of the
departments—though perhaps 1 have been errone-
ously informed—that they do not consider there is
any existing law regulating this subject. By the
introduction of some clause into one of the appro-
priation bills, 1 beheve it is supposed that the act
which did regulate it, was repealed. At all events,
the fact is, that they all do not observe it as law,
and one of the departments does not feel itself
bound to advertise the public printing. Well, then,
why refer to an existing law which we are not
sure of? 1 propose this amendment: ,
" That all printing nece&sary to be done in teference to the
census, shall be done according to the act which requires
advertising."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The fifteenth
section of the act of 1842.
Mr. CLAY. Exactly. That will make it clear
and explicit.
Mr. DAVIS. I find, sir, on reference to the
act, that it is the twenty-ninth chapter of the act
of May 18, 1842.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts modify his proposition?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I have no objection.
That will meet my views entirely.
The amendment, as modified, was then read, as
follows:
Provided, however, That all printing, except the blank
tables, shall be #>xecuted according to the twenty-ninth sec-
tion ut the act approved the 18th of May*184J."
Mr. SMITH. I understand that the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts provides for all printing relating to the cen-
sus.
Mr. DAVIS. All.
Mr. SMITH. I conceive it is totally unneces-
sary to make any provision on the subject during
the present session of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
move to strike out of the bill the words "and
  thousand copies thereof be piinted for dis-
tribution, " he will accomplish his object. This
will- leave the compendium* to be provided for
hereafter; and in order to accomplish what the
Senator desires, I will include that in my motion.
Mr. DAWSON. There is a portion of the
amendment which is still omitted. It is that the
blank tables are to be printed by the census
board.
Mr. DAVIS". The Secretary will add the fol-
lowing words:
u And the census board shall have charge oF printing said
blanks "
The question was then put, and the amendment
was adopted, as follows: Strike out from the end
of the section the words " and thousand
copies thereof to be printed for distribution," and
insert
" Provided, however, Tha- ail printing, except the blank
tables, shall be executed according to the twenty ninth sec-
tion of the act approved the 18th of May, 1842, and that
the census board shall have charge of printing said blanks."
Mr. DAVIS. After this bill was drawn up, it
was suggested that some additional force was re-
quired in getting out the necessary papers, and in
distributing them, for which the bill does not
make any distinct provision. It only provides
for a sufficient force when the returns shall have
been made. I therefore move to amend the
twenty-fiist section, by inserting the words " in
preparation for taking the statistics, and also—"
The amendment was agreed to, and other verbal
amendments, also, which the first amendment
rendered necessary; and, as amended, the section
stands thus:
" Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That, in order to give
dispatch to business, the^anisecretaiy s-hall beauthorized to
contract foi the iirires^ary preparatory printing by ten da>s'
notice, instead of the time now required by law; and,
further, to employ, in preparation for taking the statistics,
and also m classing and arranging for the pre.ss the ictunis,
when made, so many additional • leiks, and of <-uch giade
as may be necessary, allowing to each a fixed compen.-ation,
according to the grade and value ol his service-;; but in no
case exceeding the* usual rate for similar services."'
Mr. D. also proposed to amend the twenty-
second section, which was as follows:
" Sec. 23. be it jurtker enacted, That, for the purpose
of carrying into effect this act, and defraying tlto preliminary
expense?, theie i= hereby appropriated, out of any money in
the Trt aMiry not otherwise appropriated, §150,000," by add-
ing the following: "out of which the ?aid Secietary of the
Interior may allow to the poison employed as the secretary
ofthe census hoatd a compensation at the rate of#3,000 per
annum, during the penod he haa been in their employ."
The law of the last session authorized the em-
ployment of a secretary, and reserved to Congress
the power of fixing the compensation, and this
amount the census board recommend to be paid to
their secretary.
The amendment was agreed to.
( On the motion of Mr. DAVIS the first section
also was amended so as to omit from the census
"the statistics of other productive industry where
i the annual product of the establishment is not
'equal to $500." In the bill, as originally drawn,
the sum was $600.
Mr. DAWSON. I suppose il will now be in
ii order to propose a substitute for the bill. I will
