1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 23,
session, will make four, instead of two volumes, as !; out the country for everybody's information, the
heretofore; and of about the same size each volume | House should select for the publication the col-
as heretofore.
In consequence of these unusual causes, Mr.
Rives has found that the expense of leporting and
publishing the debates of the present session will
about double the like expense for the year 1846,
when Congress first subscribed for the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix. Some eight or ten
weeks ago, the subscriptions for these publica-
tions—both public and private—were absorbed by
the expense attending them; and since that time
Mr. R. has been losing from $160 to $175 a da^;
and he must continue to lose this sum daily until
the closc of the present session, unless he ceases
the publications, or unless the debates of Congress
are materially decreased, or unless some further
and more adequate remuneration is allowed him.
This is what 1 am informed, and believe to be
true in the premises.
Now, sir, I propose to pay a worthy man a
more adequate price for the fruits of his enterprise
and labor. I propose to do this by the amendment
I have offered. Estimating that the session will
continue until (say) about the twentieth of next
month, and that the debates will continue to be as
they hare been, m respect to volume and amount,
they will, in that event, make in all about two thou-
sand columns of the Daily Globe, which,at$7 50a
column, would amount to $15,000. This sum, X
am credibly informed, will not more than in-
demnify the pecuniary loss incurred by Mr. Rives
umns of papers which had large circulations. The
j " Daily Globe" was not sent away, but was for
' the most part kept here; whereas, by publishing
I the proceedings in the Whig and Democratic
i papers, they would be circulated everywhere,
| through the reading-rooms and otherwise, arid the
reports would thus reach the eye of all parties.
Such would be the result by giving the publication
to the " Intelligencer"and " Union," or if a Free-
Soil paper should be established, that might be
employed. But this paper was of no use, so far
as regarded the great object in view, that of giving
general circulation to the reports of proceed-
ings 
The hammer fell.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the amendment by
reducing the appropriation to one dollar per col-
umn.
Mr. D., (very doubtfully heard in a remote
part of the Hall) was understood to say, that for-
merly, he believed, Congress had subscribed for
twelve copies of the Globe and Appendix, for
each member, and that the subscription had re-
cently been extended to double that number. It
was now proposed to pay §7 50 per column for the |
reports which had been published in the " Daily I
Globe." [t was worthy of consideration, whether, |
if the amount already paid was not sufficient, it!
was worth while to go any further. He agreed i
with the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
upon the Globe and Appendix during the present i; Ashmen,] that if appropriations were made for the j
session, exclusive of his loss upon the same pub- publication of the reports in daily papers, these'
lications during the last session. ii papers should be such as had a general circulation.
Mr. McC. proposed to pay Mr. Rives §7 50 a it Buthis (Mr. D.'s) ideas were more radical; and i
column for the debates of the House, because that 11 if the Daily and Congressional Globe were both ;
rate had been allowed as a fair compensation by !j discontinued, he should not consider it an evil. J
the Senate, to the proprietors respectively of the !
"Union" and " Intelligencer" newspapers for the i
debates of the Senate [Mr. McC.'s remarks were j
arrested by the operation of the rule of the com- 1
mittee.] j
Mr. ASHMUN^ said, he was opposed to the ;
adoption of the proposition of the gentleman from j
Illinois, [Mr. McCi.er.mand,] for the reasonswhich I
he would now briefly state. It did not answerthe |
purpose for which a daily report of the proceed- j
jngs of this House was desired. If Mr. Rives, j
the proprietor of the "Globe," was losing by what !
he was doing for Congress, he (Mr. A.) would |
be content to vote a larger subscription for the vol- j
umes of the "Congressional Globe," (because they ]
were valuable,) but not for the " Daily Globe/'
If the House desired to pay for a daily publication
of the reports of its proceedings, those reports
ought to be published in papers having a larger
circulation. They should be published in the
"Union'5 and "Intelligencer," where the speeches
of Whigs, Democrats, and Free-Soilers would all
be given side by side, one after another, in their
order, to the eye of the whole country. But the
"Globe," as a newspaper, had no circu'ation. It
was not published as a newspaper for circulation,
and the object or selecting a daily paper as a me-
dium through which the reports of proceedings
were to be published, was to give to them early, in-
stant, immediate, and extensive circulation. Two
or three years ago he had brought into this House
a plan fur the publication of the reports similar to
that which had been adopted in the Senate—that
was lo say, for the daily publication of the pro-
He believed that if the publication of the reports
by appropriations from the public Treasury were
; abolished, the debates would be more extensively
j read, and that the character of them would be of
i a higher order than they were at present. As
} things were now conducted, there was too much
1 matter to read. Who were there, members of this
; House or not, who read all these reports? No
| man. Life was too short; and so far as the ^
i great mass of the people were concerned, the j
i proceedings and debates might as well not be
I printed at all as be printed in these publica-
i.tions. If no such system were in existence,
the conductors of the public press, at least in all
; the large cities, would have reports made for their
! own papers, (probably by the same reporters, for
| they were veiy good ones,) and they would know
i precisely the extent and character of the matter
! which the people desired to read. In this way the
I printing of a vast mass of matter which nobody
! ever read, would be done away with. It would
j have the effect also of putting out a great deal of
matter which was spoken merely that it might
find a place in these publications. There would
be much less said than was now said, and that
which was said would be more to the point. As
to the publication of speeches for the benefit of
particular constituents of members, they could be
written out and published in pamphlet form as
they were now.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to answer the ob-
jections urged against his amendment. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun,] had
allowed that it would be fair and just to in-
ceedmgs in the leading papers of this city, so that !j demnify Mr. P„ives for his loss upon the Congress-
full reports should be given to the public every
day. Gentlemen who felt an interest in the sys-
tem now in operation, objected to his plan as being
too extravagant and expensive. The result was
that the " Daily Globe" was immediately started,
not as a newspaper—not, as he thought, as a per-
manent publication, but
ional Globe and Appendix during the present ses-
; sion. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
| Duer,] however, with a more scanty liberality, had
| dissented from this purpose; and for reasons
■ which Mr. McC. thought ought not, nor would
i not obtain favor in the committee. He would
by way of a supplement [| not pause to dwell on them.
to the "Congressional Globe." It did not an- II The gentleman from Massachusetts had ob-
swer the object intended to be accomplished. Itiri-
fornse'l them (themembers) wbatwassaid anddone
here; but it did not effect the same objcct through-
out t;ie country, and therefore had not answered
the purpose. As regarded the preservation of the
reports, the " Congressional Globe" was a good
and useful publication. But, he repeated, he did
not desire that Mr. Rives should lose. He (Mr.
A.) was ready, as he had said, to vote a larger
subscription to the " Congressional Globe;" but
he thought that if the House desired, as he sup-
posed it would, that its proceedings should be
published daily,accurately, fully, and sent through-
jeeted to the use of the " Daily Globe," as the
medium for publishing the current proceedings
of the House, upon theground that its circulation
was too limited. Mr. McC. said it was true that
there was some force in this objection; but it was
such on objection as time and the increasing cir-
culation of that paper would probably soon over-
come—especially if the " Globe" should be placed
upon a solid footing by ail adherence to the policy
proposed by the amendment. And was it not due
to a paper established and continued for the accom-
modation of Congress, particularly that it should
be liberally encouraged by them ?
The gentleman from Massachusetts had re-
ferred to certain papers pubjished m this city,
having a larger circulation, and as affording, there-
fore, a more desirable medium for the commu-
nication of the proceedings of the House to the
country. It was supposed that the gentleman
referred more particularly to the "Union" and
" Intelligencer," whose circulations were no doubt
more extensive than that of the " Globe." But
the gentleman should not overlook what is quite
decisive in this matter; that is, that the columns
of both the Union and Intelligencer have been,
and probably will continue to be, engrossed by the
proceedings of the Senate, under the contract of
the proprietors of these respectable journals with
the Senate. Indeed, so voluminous had been the
proceedings of the Senate during the present ses-
sion, that it was not unfrequent that these papers
were several days behind the current proceedings
of that body. There was obviously no room in
these papers for the debates of the House, without
an enlargement of the sheets upon which they
were printed. And putting out of view these pa-
pers, could the gentleman do better than to publish
the proceedings of the House in the Globe?
What other paper offered inducements which he
had rather accept?
The gentleman had spoken of the expediency
of devising some determinate plan for the report-
ing and publishing of the debates of the House.
Mr. McC. thought the plan he had proposed would
answer the wishes of the House, if it should be
adopted. Let it be tried before it is condemned.
During the last session of Congress, when the re-
porting for the House rested upon a much less
favorable footing than that he had proposed by his
amendment, a select committee had been raised to
inquire concerning the purpose which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts now recommends. And
what was the result? The committee failed to re-
port—failed, Mr. McC. believed, even to meet
during the whole session. And why? Simply
because, upon individual inquiry, they found that
the proceedings, including the debates of the
House, were as well reported then by Mr. Rives,
as they could reasonably expect to get them re-
ported upon any new plan. So that the project
which the gentleman recommends now has been
considered by a committee, and after consideration
virtually rejected. But if it was desirable to em-
ploy an official reporterand publisher for the House,
would not the adoption of the amendment which
Mr. McC. had proposed substantially answer that
end ? He thought so.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Duer] had
objected to the amendment, upon the ground that
the House was already a liberal, if not ari extrav-
agant patron of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix. How so, Mr. McC. inquired > It was
true, that fiist and last, we had subscribed for a cer-
tain number of copies of the Globe and Appendix
of each session of Congress, but we had received
in return the full value of our subscription. We
had obtained books for a less price by subscription
than individual subscribers had been required to
pay for them. We had so obtained them, and in
pursuance of the object of our subscription, had
circulated them among the people.
Our subscription was no more a gratuity on our
part to Mr. Rives than the furnishing of the books
was a gratuity on his part towards us. In fact,
we paid nothing for the reporting of the debates of
the House. We paid only for what we wanted,
and what was furnished to us upon cheaper terms
than any other publications of the same size can be
obtained upon in the United States, and upon
cheaper terms than individual subscribers are re-
quired to pay. This is the sum total of our patron-
age bestowed for the encouragement of the publi-
cation of the proceedings of the House.
Now the Senate, as Mr. McC. had already said,
paid the proprietors of the Union and intelligencer,
respectively, $7 50 per column for reporting and
publishing the proceedings of that body. This
amounted, aggregately, to §15 a column for the
debates of the Senate. Now, Mr. McC. only
proposed that we should nay $7 50acolumn (oniy
one half of the sum paid hy the Senate) for the
reporting and publishing of the debates, of the
House in the Globe. This was all he proposed;
and he asked whether the proposal was not mod-
erate and just?
(Mr. McC.'s remarks were again arrested by
the fall of the Chairman's hammer.)
