544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
* I have misjudged the history of the present ses-
* aion of Congress, I will make my error so palpa-
4 bly manifest that the people will fully understand
* it. On the other hand, if I have judged correct-
* !y—if I have founded my action upon the prin-
ciples of unerring truth—my vindication is in
* no degree doubtful."
What was then prophecy, had now become his-
tory. Did he not foretell the gentleman's course
with as much accuracy as his biographer will
hereafter record it? Was not the slave-trade pro-
tected ?—the voice of northern philanthropy en-
tombed?—the work of rapine and slaughter in
Mexico hurried on ? Did he not know the man ?—
tlid he not comprehend every trait of his political
•character? It was due to himself, before he went
further, to quote a paragraph, showing the feelings
of kindness which he then and sttll entertained for
Mr. W. He read as follows :
" I would not be understood as -saying anything
* derogatory to Mr. Winthrop's personal charac-
* ter. To me, and so far as I know, to all others,
* he has shown himself kind and courteous. My
* objections were solely to his political views and official
* acts. Nor would I have spoken of them, if ditty to
* myself had not compelled me to it."
What he had then satd, he now repeated. Ifhe
knew his own heart, he felt no personal unkind-
ness. The feelings which the gentleman had
manifested toward him, excited his pity, but not
his hatred—and he would not have referred to this
matter, did he not owe that duty to himself and
his friends.
But more fully to show that the gist of Mr. G.'s
objections was the gentleman's support of the tour,
and not as he now insists, that he was " accessory
before the factMr. G. again quoted as follows:
4t Would I not, by supporting hsm, have approved
* his course on the subject of the war? Would I
* not, by voting for him, tacitly have said to the
* world, that his policy was right, and his course
4 meritorious ? 1 may be in error, but I feel that
4 I should have lent my sanction to a continuance
* of this war, by voting for him, while f was con-
' scious that his official influence would be lent
4 in favor of continuing the work of bloodshed in
* Mexico. That I could not do. The blood of those
* who shall hereafter perish in this unholy crusade
* against the rights of man, shall never stain my gar-
* menls. No part of the moral guilt of this war shall
* rest upon my constituents, by any act of their present
* Representative."
The remarks which he (Mr. G.) made in rela-
tion to the war, had application only to those who,
iike the gentleman from Massachusetts and him-
self, regarded it piratical and murderous. They
did not apply to those who deemed it just and
necessary. They could consistently vote for, and
flupport it—indeed, believing it just and righteous,
they were bound to do so.
In answer to this address, the editor of the Bos:
ton Adas, the friend ot the gentleman, [Mr W.,]
professing to speak for him, and by his authority,
and to whom the letters appended to the gentle-
man's speech were addressed, denied—
1st. That there w s any such meeting ever held,
or that the gentleman made such remarks any-
where.
2d. The editor, speaking of his urging his col-
leagues to vote for the war, said, " We deny the
* charge. Mr. Winthrop denies the charge. His
1 colleagues, every man of them, dent the
4 charge. Mr, Winthrop never did anything of
4 the kind."
To these denials Mr. G. had presented to the
public certain letters corroborating his statement,
and there this matter rested until the present ses-
sion, until the gentleman in his speech, lately de-
livered, again assailed him. He did not, however,
take issue upon the prominent point set forth in
the printed address. He again admits, by his
-silence, the arrangement of the committees as then i
predicted, so as to protect the slave-trade, to con- j
tinue the war, and to suppress the right of peti- ,
•tion. After his election he verified all that had J
been said in that respect. Fie so arranged the j
•committees as to continue the army in Mexico, and j
.prosecute the work of human butchery then going
forward. Thus he became accessory after the fact, .
as well as guilty of the fact itself. Nor did he :
deny that a Whig meeting was held, nor was he
-willing to base his charge of misrepresentation j
<upon the place in which his opinions were utterrd. J
He now insisted that Mr. G. knew his objections j
to his vote in favor of the war would not satisfy
the public, for the reason that Messrs. Vinton and
Corwin* and other gentlemen, voted for the bill,
as well as himself; but he must have known that
such fact would not excuse him. He must answer
for his own acts, and other gentlemen for theirs.
Neither of those gentlemen asked for Mr; G.'s
vote to the office of Speaker during the war. Had
they have done so, and he believed they would
exert their official power to continue the devasta-
tion of Mexico, he certainly would not have voted
for them. The extracts which he proposed to
read woujd show that the gist of Mr. G.'s ob-
jection was Mr. W.'s support of the xoar. His
vote constituted the most conclusive proof of such
support; but he attempted to escape from this
point, and to draw off public attention to another,
by saying that Mr. G. knew his vote was insuffi-
cient to justify the opposition to his election, and
that Mr. G. therefore attempted to prove him
" accessory before the fact,"and of having simadean
appeal to the Whigs to vote for the bill." This, then,
is the burden of his complaint. He denies that
he was accessory before the fact, and that he
" appealed to Whigs to vote for the bill.'7
Every man understands that an accessory is one
who advices, counsels, aids, or commands the
commission of any crime or act. The gentleman
denies that he advised or counselled others to vote
for the bill before its passage, and was not there-
fore accessory to its passage. It therefore became
Mr. G.'s duty to show to the House, and to the
country, that he did counsel and advise other
Whigs to vote for the bill—that he was accessory
before the fact. For this purpose, he would read
the statement of the Hon. Columbus Delano to
this point:
February 2<7, 1848.
Sir: I was nt the meeting of a part of the Wing mem-
bers. of Congress on the morning of the day Unit the Hflliae
passed the hill v hie.h lias brought the country into it* pres-
ent calamitous position. I tried ;.t the meeting to induce
| the Whigs to take stand against a declaration ot war, and
to vote for recalling the army to thfc Nucees. I cannot say
that I saw Mr. Winthrop at the meeting. I have an im-
pression that lie was there ; but I am too uncertain to justify
ine in srt>ing that he was present. Just before the bill above
alluded to vuis put upon it? passage, I saw Mr. Winthrop go
to the seals of several of the Massachusetts members. Mr. Hud-
son sat by me, and Mr. Marsh of Vermont before us. Mr.
wistiihoi' stopped in the aisle opposite our seat, and a
conversation ensued, in xihich Mr. W. ursed the necessity of
voting for the bill. I did not participate in the conversation,
because / felt that my opinion could not, and ought not, to
have influence with either of the distinguished gentlemen who
uere holding the conversation. I very well remember, how-
ever, that Mr. W. used arguments in Javor of voting for
the bill, and I am quite certain he alluded to the f'tite oj those
who opposed the war oj 181-2, as a reason for his then opinions.
5 have heie given the substance ot all that 1 can remember
in regard ro your inquiries.
I am, respectlully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO.
The reasons assigned by the gentleman for thus
plunging two nations into a war, in which it is
supposed that eighty thousand human lives were
sacrificed, appeared to Mr. G. very extraordinary.
It was a most painful reflection, that any man
should be willing to consign such a multitude of
human beings to suffering and death, in order to
maintain a political party. It was this reason
which struck Mr. G. at the time with the most
profound astonishment; but he had omitted to
mention it in the address alluded to, thinking that
others might have forgotten it, or might be un-
willing to state it.
Mr. G. declared, that he would have gladly been
spared the unpleasant task of calling public atten- i
tion to it; but the gentleman [Mr. W.] would not j
permit him to remain silent. Mr. G. said he would 1
read the letter of the Hon. A. R. Mclivaine: j
Washington, Pebruary 10,1848. j
Dear Sir: In reply to your note of this instant,in which !
you desire ine to state whether there was a meeting of the !
Whig member* of the House of liepiesentatives held on the }
i llth of May, 1846, for the purpose of consulting upon the |
j course to be pursued by them in lelation to the war measure !
which it was undpistood would be brought before the House '
on that d -y—whether 1 was at such meeting, and whether 1
Mr. Winthrop was present and addressed it, and whether ■'
he visited his colleagues pending the bill, arid urged them to !
vote for it—I have to say, theie was such a meeting in the 1
Capitol, on that morning. I was at it, and my impression '
is, that Mr. Winthrop was there. 1 cannot say whether ;
bespoke or not; c^veral gentlemen I know did, (or and
against the proposed men and means; but no general action
was agreed upon, and so we went into ihe Hou*e. I sat be- '■
side Mr. Abbott, mid while the bill was pending, Mr. Win-
throp came to him, and held a conversation with him at his
seal. He then v,ent to Mr. Grinn&.ll, who sat near me, and
conversed with him. Mr. Abbott did not vote when Ins -name
was first called, but afterward voted for the bill. He was
much embarrassed by his position, and on the same day gave
me distinctly to un/lerstand, that he had been influenced by his
colleague, Mr. Winthrop. He afterward spoke of it, on
subsequent occasions, during the session.
Very respectfully, yours, &c., A. R. McILVAINE.
Hon. J. JR. Giddings.
Thus it would be seen, that the gentleman [Mr.
Winthrop] had not only urged his colleagues to
vote for the bill, but, he regretted to say, had actual-
ly prevailed on one of them, a professor of religion,
to barter his soul in all the moral guilt attendant
upon it. Mr. G. next read an extract of a letter
from the Hon. Luther Severance, addressed to Mr.
G., saying, " you are unquestionably correct in
' saying that Mr. Winthrop advised his Whig
1 friends to vote for the bill. Not obtrusively that
* I know of—that is not his manner—but his sen-
* timents were well known—as well, perhaps, as those
( of any other Whig member, before the question wat
' taken. If I am not mistaken, I heard you speak of
f him, and some other members—as likely to vote in a
* way which you disapproved; but among so much
4 conversation, I cannot be positive of what any
' particular individual*eaid."
This gentleman might well say that " the opin-
' ions of the member from Massachusetts [Mr.
* Winthrop] were well known;" and that he
" heard Mr. G. speak of his action at that time."
To every gentleman with whom Mr. G. conversed,
he had expressed his feelings in terms which could
not be mistaken. He had heard his opinions up
stairs at the meeting; he saw him there engaged in
trying to pursuade his colleagues to involve them-
selves in a measure destined to deluge Mexico
with blood, and incur a degree of moral guilt
which no time could blot out; and memory should
perform its office. Mr. G. could never forget
these facts. But he would read an extract from
the letter of the Hon. E. D. Culver,addressed to
Mr. G., as follows:
<kIn reply to your note of the 14th, which came to hand
last evening, I would state, that 1 was at the Whig caucus in
the northeast corner of the Capitol, on the morning of the
llth of May, 18-16. The subject of our deliberations was
the anticipated war bill. I think Mr. Winthrop, Mr. Vin-
ton, Mr. Hunt, yourself and others, were present and
spoke. The precise sentiment* advanced by Mr. Win-
throp, I cannot call to mind, but the purport—the general
scope of his remarks—was, iliatwe (the Whigs) must not op-
pose the measure—that policy would require us to support
it. I do not recollect his allusion to the Federalists, and
he war of 1812. I think Mr. Vinton took a similar view.
Yours was quite the reverse, lifter we entered the hall, and
while the ayes and noes were being called, I thirilt some of the
Massachusetts delegation remarked to me, that Mr. Winthrop
was going for the bill, and vjas endeavoring to persuade others
of the delegation to do the same. You and I hud a conversa-
tion at your seat, arguing that nothing in caucus had trans-
pired to change our determination to oppose the bill—that we
weie resolved to do so, if we voted alone. In the caucus, I
think, the general sentiment way, that if the bill could be
so presented as to allow us to vote for the supplies and
succor then necessary for our arm}, a large majority were
disposed to do so; but as to the xvar, the caucus decided
upon no definite plan of action."
The events of thatday were too fresh in his own
recollection to permit him to forget any of the facts
alluded to in the statements of those gentlemen.
The news of the battle of Palo Alto reached
Wahington on Saturday evening. On Sunday the
Committee on Military Affairs met and agreed to
report a bill. On Monday morning it was said the
Whigs were to meet at their usual place of assem-
bling, in the room of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. He m company with others repaired to
that room. They found the door locked, but a
messenger informed them that several gentlemen
had been there, and finding the door locked, had
repaired to the room of the Committee on Public
Lands, at the northwest corner of the building.
Mr. G. and thosewith him went to that room,and
there was some ten or fifteen gentlemen assembled
there. They were few in numbers, and were
but a short time assembled before the House met."
The remarks of those who spoke were short, and
he had found that few appeared to recollect all
that passed. He had himself most zealously op-
posed the war, and when he found that his poliii-
cal friends were going for it, he had felt great
mortification and surprise, and no event of his
whole life, not even the death of friends, had been
more strongly impressed upon his recollection.
The gentleman had appended to his speech the
statement of Mr. Hudson, setting forth that the
meeting which he attended was in the room of
the " Committee on Foreign Affairs."
It had been suggested that after a number of
Whigs hadassembled in the northwest cornerof the
building, the door of the Committee room on For-
eign Affairs had been opened, and that Mr. Hudson
and the gentleman from Delaware [Mr, Houston]
