1(140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.
23,
to change the rates of compensation as fixed by
law Tor the public printing, and is therefore out of
order.
So the amendment was not received.
Mr. STANLY offered the following amend-
ment:
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
purchase two hundred and thirty s-ets of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, $18,400, to be kept bv the Librarian of
Confess for the u-e of members during the «espion, to be
charged ro each member .is  books from the library now are.
" And forth? puivh.ise of two hundred and thirty sets of
the Register of Debates, to he kept in like manner, and for
the same purpose, $37,5200."'
Mr. STANLY desired to say a single word in
explanation of the object of the amendment. It
was well known (he said) that members desirous
of discharging their public duties intelligently,
should have the means, by reference to the Regis-
ter of Debates and the Congressional Globe, of
finding out what Congress had done in past years.
Yet he supposed, that scarcely a member who
desired to consult these works during the present
session had been able to procure them from the
Library. His amendment contemplated suitable
provision in this respect, not for the convenience
of the members of this Congress alone, but for all
time to come. Us object was, that hereafter every
member should be enabled to have a copy of these
works at his own room; and he believed that,
when properly understood, no serious objection
could be ur£ed against it.
Mr. BAYLY rose, and—
Mr. STANLY yielded the floor.
Mr. BAYLY said, he had always voted against
the purchase of books for members; but he thought
that the appropriation contemplated in this amend-
ment was for a legitimate object, and one which
would be exceedingly useful and convenient. He
knew that, for his own part, he could not transact
his business without the aid of these works; and
his own set being at home, he was under the ne-
cessity of being indebted to the courtesy of Messrs.
Blair & Rives, and Messrs. Gales & Seaton, for
the use of them at his room. He hoped the amend-
ment would be agreed to.
Mr. McGAUGHEY inquired whether the
amendment was open lo amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said it was
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved a general amend-
ment, applying all unappropriated moneys in the
public Treasury to the purchase of books.
The CHAIRMAN requested the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. McGaughey] to put his
amendment in writing.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. My object is 
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is exhausted,
unless the gentleman offers an amendment.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Well, sir, I will not
detain the committee by writing it. The commit-
tee, I suppose, understand my object. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the amendment by
reducing the number of copies to fifty, and re-
ducing the amount of the appropriation in a cor-
responding ratio.
Mr. D. suggested that, instead of the members
having copies of the works at their lodgings, the
better plan would be to have them in the commit-
tee rooms, where they would be accessible and safe.
Mr. BAYLY opposed the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer.] Speak-
ing from his own experience (and he had no doubt
that the experience of every other member who
took part in the business of the House would con-
firm it) there was scarcely a day in the session
when he had not occasion, at his room, to refer to
the Congressional Globe and the Register of De-
bates. Very often when he was preparing for the
business of the House, or for debate, or when he
had occasion to investigate a claim, he wanted to
refer to these books. Was he m every such
case to come up to this Capitol and go to the com-
mittee rooms for the information he needed?
How was it with the laws? There were copies
enough to allow every member to have one during
the session, and at the end of the session here-
turned it. Any member who took part in the
business of legislation required these laws. To
put these books in the committee rooms would be
of very little use. The difficulty was in the want
of them for constant use at the members' room.
Mr. FEATHERSTON suggested whether the
difficulty might not be obviated by each member
retaining a copy of his own.
Mr. BAYLY. That would give him none of
the back numbers.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Duer's amend-
ment, and Messrs. Thompson, of Mississippi,
and Rumsey, were appointed.
The question whs then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 65, noes 68.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. McMULLEN moved to reduce the number
to one hundred copies.
Mr. McM. said a few words in explanation,
but, from the position in which he spoke, and its
distance, but little was heard. He intimated that
the number designated in his amendment would
answer for the present; and that, if it should be
found necessary, the number could hereafter be in-
creased .
Mr. STANLY was understood to suggest, that
whilst.the number of copies of the books was re-
duced to one hundred by the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMullen,] the
amount of the appropriation remained as 'in the
orieinal proposition.
Mr. McMULLEN modified his amendment
so a« to effect a corresponding reduction in the
amount; that is, jj>8,000 for the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and $15,000 for the Register
of Debates.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment to the
amendment; and Messrs. Sawtelle and Ogle
were appointed.
Mr. STANLY, (to the Chairman.) Is it in
order to make a remark against the amendment to
the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 74, noes 60.
i So the amendment of Mr. McMullen was
I agreed to.
j The question then recurred on the amendment
i of Mr. Stanly, as thus amended.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Evans, of
Ohio, and Meade were appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 68, noes 57.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved an amendment providing
that "one set of the said works should be deliv-
ered to each of the States and Territories of the
Urion."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I like that.
There's some sense in it.
Mr. JONES said, he supposed if this amend-
ment should be agreed to, there would be no ob-
jection to allowing the Clerk to make the necessary
change in the amendment which had just been
adopted, so as to conform to it. The distribution
proposed by his amendment would, he said, be of
more use than the whole number that might be
kept here.
Mr. STANLY inquired what the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was?
The CHAIRMAN explained.
Mr. STANLY. Is the amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot rule the
amendment out of order, although it is inconsist-
ent with part of the amendment already adopted.
It is a question for the committee. The Chair
cannot be responsible for the sense of the amend-
ments made bv the committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. By unani-
mous consent the amendment just adopted may be
changed so as to conform to this.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, made a suggestion,
having reference (the reporter was informed, for
he could not hear) to the manner in which the
books should be put up for transmission to their
several destinations.
The question on the amendment of Mr. Jones
was then taken, and the vote stood, ayes 75, noes
34. No quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hunter and
Harris, of Tennessee, were appointed.
And the question having been again taken, the
vote stood—ayes 79, noes given up.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. The committee having adopted
the amendment, I suppose that there will be no
ohjection to going back in order to m*ke the two
propositions conform.
Mr. STANLY objected.
Mr. RUMSEY moved to strike out the item
making an appropriation for the purchase of Mr.
Mayo's book.
I think (Mr. R. said) that a similar provision
was contained in the last appropriation bill. I ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Bayly] to state whether such is the
fact;
Mr. BAYLY. I will state, in reply to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Rumsey,] that this particular proposition m the
bill was acted upon in the Committee of Ways and
Means when 1 was sick. I do not, therefore,
know anything about it. But the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] can give the information de-
sired.
Mr. VINTON said, this work explained the
machinery of the Treasury Department, the func-
tions of the various officers, and bureaus, and its
object was to make the whole system of the de-
partments intelligible. It was a work used at the
Treasury Department for reference. He knew,
when he was chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, there was no work which he had so
frequent occasion to resort to. The work was a
highly valuable one, and he hoped it would be
appropriated for.
Mr. K!NG,ofNew Jersey,moved to amend the
amendment, by providing that th? Clerk deliver
I; one copy to each member of the Thirty-first Con-
| gress.
11 He said he had had occasion to examine this
I work. He was quite satisfied that it was one of
i great importance, which every legislator should
I! possess, particularly those who were charged with
:! the especial consideration of financial matters.
|l Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
that the gentleman, to make his amendment con-
j sistent, should enlarge the appropriation accord-
ingly.
Mr. KING said, he had no objection to enlarging
the appropriation, so as to purchase an addi-
I tional quanity of books, but he thought it better
I to take it as it was. He was m favor of his
\ amendment in its original form. He repeated, he
;i had taken occasion to examine the book; and he
! believed there was no gentleman who would do
;j the same hut would be disposed to possess it. It
'i gave information of the utmost importance, that
j; could be acquired in so condensed a form nowhere
,! else; and he was in favor of putting it into the
possession of every member of Congress.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he was opposed to
theamendment of the gentleman from New Jersey,
but he had not much hope that it would be de-
feated. The last amendment would go far to carry
the first. This was a book which seemed to have
been gotten up for the instruction and edification
of custom-house and other Government officers.
He was opposed to educating public officers at the
expense of the Government. No one should be
appointed to office who was not qualified. If such
peisons were appointed, they should educate them-
selves—in other words, if these books were neces-
sary, they should buy them from their own funds.
He was unwilling to tax his constituents to edu-
cate public officers; for there was no difficulty in
find'ng men all over the country who were well
qualified and patriotic enough toacceptthcseoffices.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, (interposing,) said
his proposition was to enlighten members ot Con-
gress.
Mr. FEATHERSTON replied, that if the work
were of that character—if it contained any sound
and effective argument which would satisfy mem-
bers of Congress that they ought not to be voting
the extraordinay appropriations contained in this
and in other bills—he would vote for it cheerfully.
But if it did not contain those arguments which
would prevent members of Congress from throw-
ing down the key of the Treasury to any man
who demanded for himself a share of public plun-
der—if, on the contrary, it facilitated the work of
getting money out of the Treasury—he was for no
appropriation of that kind. He wanted the Amer-
ican people informed of the true character of the
extravagant, unwarranted appropriations about to
be made by this Congress. He had no doubt but
before Congress adjourned appropriations would
be made amounting to sixty or seventy millions of
dollars. He was opposed to the appropriation.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. King to the amendment was rejected,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike out the whole section.
