5'48"
THE CON«I?esbional GLOBE.
March 18,
the pio.vecmiott of their lawful pursuits as mariners, enter
the ports of oilier States, protection in the enjoyment of the
pnvrf<>2^ and i  'inuoifies nf citizen?—protectionasgauran-
Ued b\ ihe Con?f ni}ion of the United States.
Mr. DAWSON submiit'-d (he following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous consent,
, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the board of census be requested to com-
munciate 10 the Senate the report of their contracts to pro-
cure pappr suitable for taking the census and statistics; the
number of pases of the tables, and schedules already pi intcd ;
also, when the tables and schedules were completed by the
board, and what alterations or additions have been made to
said tables and schedules since the 1st day of January
last; and that they report any other facts, known to them,
which may enable Congress to act understanding^ on the
census bill now before the Senate.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sents and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs inquire
into the propriety of providing for the injuries sustained
lately by John S. Heermans, and others, by Indian aggres-
sions in Florida, in conformity to the principles of the act
"reaulatinc uv.de and inteieouise with the Indian tribe*,
audio preseive peacc on the frontiers," appioved 30th of
June, 1834.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koad> be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post-routes in Iowa, viz : From
Tom Corwm via Mennn, Evvmgtou, and Portville, to Fort
Atkinson; also, from Tom Corwin to Lansing; from Ga-
maville to Tom Corvwn, and from the latter place directly
to Fort Aikmson; also, from Garnaville, Menden, and
McGregor's, .0 Prairie, Wisconsin; alho, from Chariton
Point, 111 Lucas county, to Albia, in Iowa.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Borland on the 34th January, was taken up and
adopted :
Raolred, That the Committee on Commerce be nislt acted
to inquire into the propriety of restoring to the revenue
cutler service the officers who were dismissed from that
service by the Secretary or the Treasury, on the 3Jth June,
3849.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce, a bill for tiie relief
of certain surviving widows of officers and soldiers
of the revolutionary war; which was read n first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave, to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act for the discontinuance of the
office of Surveyor-General m the several districts,
so soon ns the surveys therein can be completed,
for abolishing said offices under certain circum-
stances, And for other purposes," approved 15th
June, 1840; which was rend a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice that
he would to-morrow, or on some subsequent day,
ask leave to introduce a bill to continue the im-
provement of the harbor at Potosi,in Grant county,
Wisconsin.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
refund the fine imposed upon the Ute Dr. Thomas
Cooper, under the sedition law, to his heirs, was
read twice and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, viz: the series of resolutions
submitted by .Mr. Clay.
Mr. BADGER, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for two hours, [of which a
repoi twill be published in the Appendix.] With-
out concluding, hetjave way, on an intimation that
a short Executive session was necessary.
Mr. BERRIEN. With the consent of the
Senator from North Carolina, I move that the
further consideration of this subject be postponed
until to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest that another sub- I
ject has been postponed to that hour by a previous
vote of the Senate. I
Mr. HUNTER, (in his seat.) it can be further
postponed to-morrow.
Mr. BALDWIN. I am desirous of making;
some remarks in reply to the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mi-. MANGUM. I call the gentleman to order.
It is a most unusual thing to reply to a speecfi
when it is only half made.
Mr. BALDWIN. I have no particular wish
to enter into a discussion upon this subject at the
present time, and if it is the wish of the Senate to
go into Executive business, I will acquiesce in that
wish.
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed until one o'clock to-morrow.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KING-. 1 rise, Mr. President, to call the
attention of the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] to what is published in the Intelligen-
cer of the 14th instant, purporting to be remaiks
made in the Senate of the United States by Mr.
Seward and the Senator from New Hampshire,
to the following effect:
" I think it was Jefferson who said, lliat the natural alJy
of slavei v in the South, was tin' Democracy of the North.
" Mi. Hale. It was Mr Buchanan who said so.5-
I was present, I believe, in the Senate at the
time, but I was not aware that any such remark
had been made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. It was only on looking: over the paper
lately that it struck my eye, and I was not a little
surprised that such a remark had been made by
the Senator from New Hampshire, and that it had
not been put right immediately by some Senator
better acquainted with the course of the ex-Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
I now ask the Senator from New Hampshire to
state where, when, and upon what occasion, it
was, that Mr. Buchanan, either in the Senate, or
anywhere else, made use of the expression to
which he referred, that the northern Democracy
were the natural allies of slaveiy at the South ?
Mr. HALE. I have not the documents by me,
and cannot quote the precise phraseology; and i
did not expect to be called upon to do it at this
time; but 1 think that I can satisfy the Senator
from Alabama on this subject before many days.
I do not undertake to say what the precise phrase-
ology was, but the substance of it was, that the
Democracy of the North were the allies of the
South upon this question of slaveiy. I repeat
that I can satisfy the, Senator before many days,
but I have not the documents by me at this mo-
ment.
Mr. KING. I shall wast, then, for the Senator
from New ITampshiie to make his lesearches,
merely taking the occasion to say, that he cannot,
from any speech ever made by Mr. Buchanan,
sustain that statement. That Senator, while on
this floor, on several occasions, discussed questions
connected with the subject of slavery, and the
furthest he ever did go, was to declare that, in his
opinion, the northern Democracy were in favor
of protecting the rights of the South to their slave
propei ty under the Constitution, and that to them
the South might look for aid in defending; and pro-
tecting1 their rights. That he has said on many
occasions, that J hope and trust he will ever stand
by; and I hope there are many others at the North
equally ready to stand by the declaration, that they
are leady to stand by the rights of the South, under
the Constitution, to this description of property.
Beyond that he never did go, and beyond that the
Senator from New Hampshire can never show he
went, let his researches be ever so diligent.
Mr. HALE. It was no part of my intention,
certainly, to do any injustice to the late Senator
from Pennsylvania, when I made the remark. I
made it for the purpose of putting the Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] right as to a mat-
ter of history. I spoke from recollection entirely.
I think I do not mistake; and I am confirmed m
it by the recollection of the Senator who sits near
me, [Mr. Chase.] And 1 think, and am sati tied,
it will be found that Mr. Buchdnan went u great
deal further in what he said. ^
Mr, KING. I will ask my ftiend from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Davis] to read to the Senate what Mr.
Buchanan did say.
The CHAIRMAN, [Mr. Cm.] The discis-
sion is entirely out of order. There is no ques-
fion before the Chair.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the Seriate now
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DA VIS,"of Mississippi. 1 wish meielyto
refer to the language of Mr. Buchanan,as repoi ted
in the Congressional Debates, and will endeavor
to keep myself in order, in the few remarks I may
offer upon it.
Mr. President, I did not hear the Senator from
New Hampshire make the statement which he is
reported m the National Intelligencer to have made*
in relation to Mr. Buchanan., If I had, I should
have raised the question of accuracy with him
then, i heard the Senator from New York make
the statement in relation to Mr. Jefferson, and
heard it promptly answered by my colleague and
the Senator from Michigan. Certainly, n is not
true that Mr. Buchanan or Mr. Jefferson have
ever announced, that the Democracy of the North
were the allies of slavery in the South. That they
have announced that the Democracy of the North
were the natural allies of the South, is true, and it
has been my piide to believe them so. I wish f
could feel that it were as true now, as m the days
when Mr. Jefferson pronounced it. The Democ-
racy of the North are, or should be, the natural
allies of the South m this; that strict construction
being tne basis of their creed, they therefoie
should protect them in their constitutional rights—
the only guaranty that the minority haw ever de-
sired, and one of which it can never be honestly
deprived, under a confederation like our own.
This sort of alliance Mr. Jefferson referred to, and
this sort of alliance Mr. Buchanan claimed for the
Democracy of the North. If that be all that the
Senator from New York meant, he used b,.d lan-
guage to state his meaning. If that be all that the
Senator from New Hampshire meant, he can
find in the speeches of Mr. Buchanan a full cor-
roboration of that opinion. If more, the Senator
from New Hampshire, I thir.k, will fail in his
reseaiches.
In February, 1842, Mr. Buchanan stated, what
I believe he would still maintain if he were here,
and what I understand the Senator from Michi-
gan on my right [Mr. Cass] to have maintained
the other day. In an argument on the veto power
Mr. Buchanan said, at the time to which 1 have
referred:
"Let ine suppose another case of a much more danger-
ous character. In the southern State*, which compose the
weaker portion ot the Union, a species of property exists
which is now attracting the aitention of the whole civilized
world. These States never would have become pa ties to
the Union, had not the rrights in this piopcrtv been sf-cured
by the Federal Constitution. Foieisn and dome (ic fanat-
ic*, some fiom the belief that theyaie doing Gnd'« service,
and others Horn a deMie to divide and destroy this glorious
Republic, have conspired to emancipate the southern slaves.
On thu question, the people of the tfouth, be\ond the lim-
its of their own States, - tand alone and unsupported by any
power on earth, except that of the northern Democracy."
That is what Mr. Buchanan stated. Let the
Senator from New Hampshire produce anything
of his inconsistent with this. It was further am-
plified and powerfully illustrated in the continua-
tion of this speech. To this speech I refer the
Senator frdm New Hampshire in any researches
lie may have to make, to sustain his assertion on
this subject. I have read from it, because in it I
believe Mr. Buchanan went further than in any-
other, and because I am proud of the position
therein taken by that illustrious member of the
northern Democracy.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say one word upon this
matter, as this discussion arises outof a portion of
my speech the other day. I was remarking that
the charge of the Senator from New York against
tfte northern Democracy, was very disingenuous,
in answer, I wastold it was the expression of Mr.
Jtffeison. I had never heard the expression be-
fore. In return, I applied to the Senator fiom
New \ ork, to know it he intended to use it in the
sense in which Mr. Jefferson employed it? Mr.
Jefferson meant it as a compliment to the Democ-
racy of the North for adhering faithfully to the
provisions and compromises of the Constitution.
That was the way in which Mr Jefferson used it.
I supposed the Senator from New York to intend
to casta slur upon every gentleman of the Demo-
cratic party here who takes that ground, but he
disclaimed any such intention.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
after which, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
