1850.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 19, 1850:
Tiie Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
contested election in iowa.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
tiefore the House certain depositions, which had
been transmuted to him, touching the contested
election from the State of Iowa.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Elections.
woodworth's planing machine.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the motion, made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conger,] to reconsider the
vote by which the bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Patents, to extend the patent heretofore
granted to William Wood worth, had been referred
to the Committee of the Whole House. j
the whitney railroad.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, (which committee, by the rule, is empowered
to report at any time,) to which was referred the
subject of printing extri? copies of the report of
the Committee on Roads and Canals, accompany
ing a bill to set apart and sell to Asa Whitney, of
New York, a portion of the public lands, to ena-
ble him to construct a railroad from Lake Michi-
gan,or the Mississippi river, to the Pacific ocean,
made a report thereon in favor of printing 5,000
■copies of said report.
Mr. BOWLIN took the floor, and addressed the
House, during the hour, on the general project of
the Whitney railroad, and in opposition to the
provisions of the bill, to aid in its construction.
[The remarks will be published hereafter.]
Mr. B. had not concluded, when the SPEAKER
announced the expiration of his hour.
Mr. ROBINSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Robinson] to yield the floor, to enable him
{Mr. B.) to move, in conformity with the notice j
which he had yesterday given, that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the ;
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up |
the bill to supply deficiencies in the appiopriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending June 30th, j
1850. ■ :
Mr. ROBINSON inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er, if he should now yield to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] the subject before the
House would come up as the first business in
order to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER said it would come up as the
first business in order, and the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Robinson] would be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I shall be heard to-
morrow, when I shall hope to show that the objec-
tions token to this bill by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] are baseless, unfounded,
and puerile.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Wholeon the stateof the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the deficiency I
bill; but Mr. B. waived the bill, at the request of
Mr. THOMAS, who, by unanimous consent,
submitted a motion to discharge the Committee on
Cluims from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of William Haidin, and to grant leave to
withdraw the papers in the case from the files of
the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY then renewed his motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but again waived the motion, at the re-
quest of Mr. McClernand.
convention with brazil.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Foreign AtFairs, to which had been referred the
bill from the Senate to provide for carrying into
effect a convention between theUnited States and
the Emperor of Brazil, reported back the same.
On motion by Mr. MeC , the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, ami wa3 made the special order of the
day for Thursday next.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, that the House resolve itself into j:
Co,mmittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. .
Mr. SCHENCK asked Mr. Bayly again to
waive the motion, in order that many communi-
cations lying on the Speaker's table might be !
taken up and disposed of. n
Mr. BAYLY said, that if it was the opinion of j
the Chair that the object of the gentleman could be
accomplished, be (Mr. B.) would cheerfully yield !;
the floor; otherwise not.
The*'SPEAKER stated, that there was an Ex- |
ecutive communication, (i. e., that covering Sir;;
Henry Bulwer's letters on the coastwise trade, h
&c.,) upon which debate was pending; but sug- |
gested that there were a number of communica- 1
Hons on the table which should be referred to the j,
appropriate committees, and that the process ,
would not consume much time if debate did not ;
arise.
Mr. BROOKS would not object, he said, ,
to any course of proceeding which would effect :
the object of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. j
Schenck,] provided it did not interfere with the ;
Executive communication, transmitting the letters
from Sir Henry Bulwer. j
Mr. BURT hoped, he said, that, by unanimous ;i
consent, Senate bills on the Speaker's table, not j|
giving rise to debate, would also be taken up and jj
disposed of. jj
It was now agreed by general consent, that Ex-
ecutive communications, and Senate bills on the j>
Speaker's table, not giving rise to debate, should '
be taken up nnd disposed of. j
Mr. VINTON rose to inquire what the bill was,
which had a few minutes before been reported by <!
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] jj
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs. ^ I
The SPEAKER directed the title of the bill to !
be read. \
And it was read accordingly. jl
executive communications.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House I1
the following Executive communications, &,c.: 'j
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting copies of the Navy Register for the
year 1850, for the use of the membeis of the House
of Representatives; which letter was laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of Con- 1
gress of August 2G, 1842, and the resolution of the
House of Representatives of January 13, 1846, a
statement showing the names of the clerks and j
other persons employed in the Navy Department,
during the year 1849, the sum paid to cach, arid I
the residence of each at the time of his appoint- j
ment; which letter, and accompanying documents, ,
were referred to the Committee on Expenditures of :
tbeNavy Department,and ordered to he printed. i
III. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans- j
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the .
House of Representatives of the 25th February
last, the result of the examinations which have ;
been made by the officers of the Topographical j
Bureau, of the harbor of Sandusky Bay, on Lake
Erie, and the estimate necessary for the improve- '
ment of that harbor. Also, transmitting the pres
ent condition of the public works at the harbor of
Cunningham's Creek, on Lake Erie, and informa- ,
tion in regard to the cost and expediency of com-
pleting the light-house at that point, with papers
referring to the commerce, manufacturing, and
agricultural resources of that locality; which letter
and documents were, on motion by Mr. Went-
worth, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
13th ol' Februdiy last, the leport of Major Wood.-,
who was dispatched to the Red River of the North,
in the summer of 184!), with such other documents,
relating to the said expedition, as tend to show the
condition of affairs on the northwestern fron'ier
of the Territory of Minnesota; which letter and
documents were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
V. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
7th February, a synopsis of the contracts made
with the Navy Department, for the transmission
of the mails between New York and C-hagres, and
between Panama and San Francisco, and Oregon;
also, in relation to the amount of revenue derived
from such transmission of the mails; which letter
and accompanying documents were, on motion by
Mr. Phelps, referred to the Committee on; the
Post Office and Post Roads, .and ordered to bfe
printed. ' :
VI. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of March 2,
1779, the returns made by the.collectors of the
customs, persuant to the act of May 28, 1776', for
the relief and protection of American seamen;
which letter and accompanying documents were,
on motion by'Mr. Bayly, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to' be
printed.
VII. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
14ch June, 1848, a transcript of the official army
list, (fee.; also, a report from the Third Auditor,
showing allowances to officers of the army, which
appear in the accounts of the disbursing officers
of the Quartermaster and Engineer Department,
&c., which letter and accompanying documents
were, on motion by Mr. Bayly, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
VIII. A letter from the Postmaster General,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of the 26th
August, 1842, a report from the disbursing agent
of the Post Office Department,* for the year ending
December 31, 1849; which letter and report were,
on motion by Mr. Phelps, referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and ordered to be printed.
IX. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of the 26th
August, 1842, a list of the clerks and other per-
sons employed in the Post Office Department for
the year 1849; which letter and accompanying
document were referred to the Committee on Ex-
penditures of the Post Office Department, and or-
deied to be printed.
X. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolutions of the
4th February last, statements showing the number
of failures of the mail on the route between the
cities of Washington and New Orleans, during
each of the years ending on the 3]st of December,
1848 and 1849, &c.; and also, the probable cost of
running the daily express mail between Griffin,in
Georgia, and Mobile; which letter and accompany-
; mg documents were referred to the Committee on
Expenditures of the Post Office Department, and
ordered to be printed.
I XI. A communication from the Secretary of
; the Treasuiy, transmitting statements from the
I Register of the Treasury, in compliance with the
! third section of the act to carry into effect the
i treaties concluded by the Chickasaw tribe of In-
j dians,-on the 20th of October, 1832, and 24th -May*
j 1834, which provides that a special account of the
j funds, under the said treaty, shall be kept at the
Treasury, and "a statement thereof shall be an-
! nually laid before Congress;" which was re-
! ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
{ ordered to be printed.
| senate bills.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to lay before the
! House, hills and a joint resolution from the Senate
[ upon the Speaker's table, as follows:
j The bill entitled an act to increase the Commis-
sariat of the United States, was read a first and
; second time by its title, and
| On motion of Mr. BURT, referred to the Com-
1 mittee on Military Affairs.  
' The joint resolution to authorize the payment of
1 twelve thousand dollars to the Wmnebago Indians,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred t,o the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill entitled an act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treastirv to make an arrangement or com-
promise with Mangle M. Gtuackenboss, and his
coobhgors, or any of them, for claims on bonds
' given liy them as sureties to the United States,
was read a first and second time by its title,
i Mr. JONES moved that the bill be referred to the
! Committeeof the Whole on the stale of the Union.
M'- THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
: the bill should be referred to the Judiciary Com-
1 mittee, having been before that Committee in the
other house. .
'' Mr. JONES said the bill should never have
!' been before any Committee, or eilher house. He
! insisted on his motion.
i! The question was put on the motion of Mr.
li Jones, and decided in lite negative.
