1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 23,
Mr. BAYLY corrected a mistake into which he
said the gentleman from Tennessee had fallen.
That gentleman seemed to think that the great ob-
ject was to get a map of the boundary line. It
was not so. The boundary line was marked by
strong and ineffaceable monuments. But it had
been considered important by both Governments,
that there should be a topographical survey on
each side. We had made it on our side. The
maps are not necessary to define the boundary,
but it was important to preserve them among our
archives. As they have been made at an enor-
mous expense; as they are now so near comple-
tion, and as this appropriation is the last which
will be required for the work, he asked whether it
would be wise in the committee to reject the ap-
propriation.
The amendment submitted by Mr. King to the
amendment was negatived.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Jones to
the amendment was negatived.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise, which
was negatived.
The question being on the amendment submitted
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means—
Tellers were demanded and granted. Messrs.
Morton and Strong were appointed tellers, and
the vote was announced—ayes 78, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr ORR moved to strike out the following
clause of the bill, viz:
'■ For tne pajme rit of taxes due on the Mint m Philadel-
phia, lor winch a judgment lias been obtained, ten thousand
dollars."
He waived the motion at the suggestion of Mr.
PHELPS, who said he desired first to amend the
clause by adding the following, viz:
" ProvUei, That if any further taxes shall he assessed by
the State ot J-'ennsylvama upon the Mint ot the United
Stale-, vstabhshed n  the citj or Philadelphia, it shall he the
duty ot the Secretary of the Treasury forthwith to dispose
oi the land upon which the Mint i« situated, and remove the
said Mint to ihe cay of New York, (and the money neces-
fraiy to defiav j-aid exp^n-e# and procure a site, shall be paid
out of any motley in the Treasury :) Provided, houever, The
said Mint ■'hull nor be removed to the city ol New York, if
the site or any other piopi'ity necessary for its establishment
and operations shall be taxed by the State of New York."
Mr. EW1NG asked if the amendment was in
order?
The CHAIR decided that it was not in order.
Mr. PHELPS appealed from this decision, and
asked for telteis. Tellers were ordered. Messrs.
Casey and Fuller were appointed tellers. The
affirmative vote was then stated to be 91, and the
count of the negatives was not insisted on.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise, and
demanded tellers on the question. Tellers were
ordered. Messrs. Doer and Hamilton were ap-
pointed tellers, and the vote was announced—aves
62, noes 70. y
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. ORR renewed his motion to strike out the
appropriation to pay the tax on the Mint. He ad-
mitted that the Slate of Pennsylvania hail a right
to tax the property of the General Government;
hut he thought that when the Government erects
public buildings in the city of Philadelphia, which
are valuable to the city and the State, the least the
State could do was to exempt these buildings f.om
taxation. He desired to have the appropriation ■
stricken out. ^ If the State chose to levy on the
buildings, be it so, and let the Government remove
the Mint to another plaee .
Mr. BAYLY expressed his regret that gentle-
men did not rather ask questions of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, or examine subjects for
themselves, before they submitted these amend-
ments. 1 hey would then save themselves from
much trouble and many blunders.
The gentleman asked why Pennsylvania had not
exempted the property of the Government from
taxation? This was exactly what she had done.
But under a general law a tax was assessed on
this property, and as soon as it was discovered
that this was done, another law was passed ex-
empting the Government property hereafter from
tax.
Mr. ORR asked if it would not have been the
easier way to remit the tax r
Mr. KAYLY stated that suit having been
brought, the case went to the Supreme Court
which decided in favor of the State, and this ap-
propriation is to satisfy that judgment.
Mr. FITCH moved to amend:
"ProvUei, TliauaW Mint shall be removpd to the city
of New York at the end of the current year, unless the tax
hereby provided to be paid shall be refunded to the United
States."
The CHAIR decided the amendment out of or-
der.
The amendment moved by Mr. Orr -was re-
jected .
Mr. CARTTER said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] had given no reason for the
action of the State of Pennsylvania in taxing this
property, it was certainly competent to that State
to tax the property of the Government, if she
thought it wise to take this course, which might
prove in jurious to her commercial interests. But
he did not understand the policy of this course at
a time when she was coming here with her protest
l against the removal of the Mint to the city of New
j York. He condemned the course of the State in
I a series of remarks, which could not be distinctly
| heard at the renorter's desk.
■ Mr. BAYLYsaid the gentleman from Ohio was
[ mistaken when he stated that no reason had heen
| given for making this appropriation. He had stated
j distinctly that a judgment had been rendered
i against this Government; and such being the case
j there was the very best of reasons why the money
I should be appropriated.
j The gentleman fiom Ohio might consider that
j the existence of a judgment was no reason for
I paying it, but. he thought differently. As to the
j propriety of thecity of Philadelphia receiving the
I money, that was a totally different question. Her
I Representatives were, no doubt, able to vindicate
! her course; butnever, with hisconcurrence, should
it be said that this Government refused to satisfy!
a judgment obtained against it in a court of com- j
petent jurisdiction. j
Mr. CHANDLER, for the purpose of ena- '
bling him to make some remarks, moved to amend I
the amendment by adding ten dollars to the sum I
reported by the committee; that would assist in I
paying costs. !
He begged leave to say that he felt, as every I
Pennsvlvanian he presumed did, very grateful to j
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and j
Means for his explanation of this matter. I
He felt sure that Pennsylvania would feel grati- j
tied to know that she had furnished a subject of
discussion to the House, and a mint julep to the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Cartter] of Ohio.
Mr. C. said that he regretted to hear language
used with reference to Philadelphia, which had
fallen from honorable gentlemen. That city never
appeared here or elsewhere as a beggar. She had !
no alms bug to be filled, and she would never seek, i
nor her Representative seek, eleemosynary grants
from the National Government. The claim against 1
the Government which the appropriation sought}
to pay, was a judgment obtained in the law !
courts of the. United States, and sanctioned by the 1
highest judicature in the nation.
But Pennsylvania had washed her hands of any
wish to impose taxes upon Government of that
nature, though it might be well enough to have it
known, that in the exercise of her State rights,
she could tax property not used for navy-yards,
fortifications, &c. Pennsylvania, however, has
nothing to do with the matter.
But gentlemen had denounced the city of Phila-
delphia ss rapacious and exacting, while she was
here asking for, nay, begging for the continuance
within her borders of the United States Mint.
If it be necessary, (said Mr. C.,) Philadelphia
might express her wishes, and use her legitimate
influence to retain that institution where it has
been, and where it has been well and faithfully
managed ever since its establishment. But Phila-
delphia never came hither, nor went elsewhere
to beg for the Mint. She has it, and she means to
have it. She has not petitioned—not begged. She
knows her rights, and while he (Mr. C.) was her
Representative, heshould assert boldly theirrichts,
and, with all his ability, defend them. But the city
of Philadelphia has nothing to do with the suit.
Mr. C. was not well, or at least was not recently
informed as to the origin of the suit, but he be-
lieved it was the county of Philadelphia versus the
heirs of Isaac Read—Mr. Read having been the
Treasurer of the Mint at the time of the institution
of the suit. And it is highly probable that the case
has been carried forward more to establish a prin-
ciple than to obtain money—a principle which the
General Government has as much interest to see
established, as any of the States or municipal gov-
ernments in the country. The city of Philadel-
phia, and (Mr. C. said) he believed her citizens,
felt no concern about the appropriation, whether
it passed or was rejected. She could raise the
money in two hours from the voluntary contribu-
tion of her poorest citizens, if either the Govern-
ment needed it to pay its debt, or the county re-
quired it to settle a claim.
Probably no demand will ever be made for the
money; and it was for this House to consider
whether the honor of the country would be con-
sulted in refusing to provide for the payment of a
judgment against itself by its highest court; and it
will be for the county of Philadelphia to consider
her interest in pressing a claim of which she has
hitherto only asserted'the justice.
Mr. BAYLY remarked, that the only course
consistent with honor and probity that this Gov-
ernment could take, was to provide for the pay-
ment of this money. It would then be for Penn-
sylvania to decide whether she would receive it.
His own sense of what was correct and proper,
would prompt him, as an individual, to take such
course; and what was right and commendable in
an individual, was equally so, under similar cir-
cumstances, for the Government.
The question being taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, it was not
agreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio,and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
rose, and, on motion,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, Sec.
The following memorials, petitions, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. BOOTH: The memorial of James Halves and
127 other citizens of the village of Willimantic, m the State
of Connecticut, showing that great depression now exists in
the principal industrial pursuits of that section of the conn-
try. They pray that life revenue laws may be so altered as
to make the duties specific—taking as the valuation ot the
dutiable articles the average price "at the time of the passage
of the tariffofl846.
Also, the petition of John Baldwin and 33 other citizens
of the town and county of Windham, in the State of Con-
necticut, praying for such alteration of ihe tariff as shall
protect American labor so that it shall not be at the mercy
of foreign capitalists.
Also, the memorial of Amasa Carpenter and 29 other cit-
izens of Windham, m the State of Connecticut, praym 
that no additional duties may be levied on shoe and boo!
makers' lasts.
By Mr. PITMAN : The petition ofj. George and 25 other
citizens of Lebanon county, Pennsylvania, asking Confess
to amend the revenue law of 1846.
Also, the petition of Joseph Rernhard arid 25 other citi-
zens of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, foi the same purpose.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlvgmt 23, 1850.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Salva-
dorah McLaughlin, administratrix of John P. Mc-
Laughlin, asking compensation for a steam vessel
lost in the public service, in the Gulf of Mexico,
during the late war with Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which were referred the memorial of
Susan Decatur, asking that the prize money due
for the capture and destruction of the frigate Phil-
adelphia, in the harbor of Tripoli, may be distil—
buted among the captors, and protesting against
any portion of the same being paid to Priscilla D.
Twiggs, or her sisters; and the memorial of Joseph
K. Boyd, asking remuneration for aiding in the
capture of the said frigate; reported a bill for the
relief of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia;
which was read and ordered to a second reading. '
Mr. "WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
John Tucker, asking compensation for military
services in Florida, in 1838, submitted a report in
writing, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of John Tucker,
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of Duff Green, agent of the Georgia Ex-
porting Company, asking that the Secretary of the
