1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAi> GLOBE.
mi
the Department of the Interior was put into opera-
tion, application was made to the Treasury De-
pat tment for the transfer of those cierks: it turned
out on examination that there were ho clerks
whose duties were confined to the duties, the dis-
charge of which had been transferred. The
consequence was, that the Department of the Inte-
rior, instead of getting the necessary clerks from
the Treasury Department, had not got a solitary
clerk. It had, therefore, become necessary for the
Secretary of the Interior to employ these clerks.
The law intended that they should he had from
ihe Treasury Department, but it turned out upon
examination that they couid not be had. That
was the state of the case.
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order, and
called the attention of the Chairman to the eighty-
first rule, which is as follows:
<- Vo appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation hilis, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any rxpcndiiut e not pi evmu-My authorized by law, unle^
in continuation of stppiopriations for such public works and
objects a> are already in progress, and for the contingen-
cies for carrying on the several departments of the Govern-
ment "
He objected to the amendment as out of order
under this rule, the officers for which it provided
not being authorized by law. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] he said, had taken pains to
explain that the law did not provide for these
additional clerks, but that it provided expressly
for the transfer of clerks from other departments
to the office of the Secretary of the Interior. The
amendment was, he contended, therefore out of
order, as no clerks were authorized by the law of
the last session, exccpt those specifically mentioned
in the law.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired where the gentleman
found the authority for appropriations for sta-
tionery for any of the departments?
The CHAIRMAN arrested the debate on the
point of order, and decided the amendment in
order.
Mr. HAMPTON then sent up to the Clerk's
table, where it was read, the following letter of the
Secretary of the Intel ior, to which he had before
alluded:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, January 29, 1850.
Sir: [have the honor to acknowledge the'receipt, this
morning, of your letter in relation to the estimates lor tin*
department.
The reasons explanatory of the necessity of employing
clerical aid in the performance of the duties requiied of the
department, which could not be postponed or nepleeted,
and why no aid could he received by a transfer from the
Treasury Department proper, are given in the second nnd
third paragiaphs of my report of the 3d of December last,
accompanying the annual message of the President, and
to which I beg leave to refer you.
The first item (on pas 3 of the estimate?) being for de-
ficiencies for the. fiscal year, ending 30th Juno, 1849, is
intended to cover tiie expenditures for clerk hire duriric the
last four months of that jeai,and includes $611 11, the
amount of the salary of the chief clerk for th -t period—the
re&idue of the sum mentioned, being (or the payment of the
salaries of the other crerks, and for temporary clerical as-
sistance necessarily employed during that tune.
The enclosed statement, marked A, show^ the number,
salaries, and duties of the clerks, not provided for by law,
and now employed in the department proper. By this
statement, it will be perceived, that the nagrtg.ite salaries
of the four clerks now doing duty therein, but who are yet
upon the pay rolls of the General Land Office, fndian Office,
and Pen^ioii Office, amount to $5,700. These salaries
properly belong to those buioaus, and arc needed for the
proper transaction of business therein ; and so soon as an
appiopriation is made for the cierks neefssary for this de-
partment for the present fiscal year, as estimated by the
second item, tUobe salaries will be relumed to those offices
and he applied to the paunent of cierks doing duty therein.
The a^regate of the salaries of the person* now employed,
as clefks in the depaitmei.t proper, i* $12,500.
The localities of tne various bureaus, and the officers
connected with the department, being so far apart, and the
required mteicourse therewith being constant, the services
Of the messenger transfeired from the office of the Secretary
of the Treasury, were found to be totally inadequate, and
theielnre it became indispensable to employ another one,
and also a laborei. and a small boy (receiving $5 per month)
to .utend to carrying books and papers to and from the dif-
ferent offices, the care and cleaning lip of the office rooms,
brtnc-nc up fuel, making fires, &c.,and the expenditures
under these heads, prior to the 30th June last, amount to
the sum specified as the third item. The fourth item is in-
tended to cover those expenditures for the present fiscal
^ear and includes the silaryof the me«en«er transferred
'from' the office of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Undei the provisions of the act creating this department,
the sum of $4,000 was transferred for its contingencies trom
the appropnations for the contingencies of the Treasury
Department for th^ fiscal years ending 30th June, 1849, and
30th June, 1850. The creation of the department, as a
matter of course, involved the necessity of providing the
requisite office furniture, record books &e. Tlwbum now
a-ked for, as the fifth item, is deemed necessary to meet
the ordinary current expenses of the department for the
present year for those objects
The item of $5^00, for the purchase of a library, rests
upon the well-known neces&ity of having books to consult
in the daily discharge of judicial and administrative duties.
I cannot t-tate, specifically, in advance, in what cases, or on
what occasions, I shall need then. The sum asked for, is
small—barely sufficient, as I beheve, to furnish such books
as will be necessary for current use.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
T. EWING, Secretary.
Hon. Thomas H. Bayly, chairman of the Committee of
Wrjs and Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. HAMPTON also caused to be read a state-
ment from the same source, showing the dunes
performed by these clerks respectively.
He said he should detain the committee but
a few moments, because it appeared to him, from
the case as stated in these communications from
the Secretary of the Interior himself, it must be
manifest to every gentleman, that this appropria-
tion wasindtspensably necessary if thatdepartment
were to be carried on at ail. It would be found, if
gentlemen would turn to the number of clerks em-
ployed, and to the appropriations for every other
department, that all the departments, with per-
haps one solitary exception, had more clerks than
were asked for by the Secretary of the interior;
while m no other department was there anything
like the same amount of labor necessary to be per-
formed. It would be recollected that in this De-
partment of the Interior, the Indian, the Patent, the
Pension, and the Land bureaus, the Penitentiary,
as well as a vast variety of other matters, were
included. One of these clerks, as was mentioned
in the statement of the Secretary of the Interior,
which had been read, prepated and drew all the
requisitions upon the Treasury for moneys paid
out in all the bureaus in that department, amount-
ing, for the last year, since that clerk [Mr. King]
had been in office, to the enormous sum of $5,171
641. That sum had been drawn out of the Treas-
ury upon requisitions, amounting in number to
2,261. Ailth<se requisitions must be drawn and
prepared by the clerk; and that was but a portion
of his duties. It would be recollected, also, that
all appeals which come up from the Commissioner
of Pensions, must be decided by the Secretary of
the Interior. It was utterly impossible for that
officer to examine all the evidence in all these cases
of appeal. The evidence must be pi epared, briefs
must be made out by the clerks, and submitted to
the Secretary of the Interior for his decision. That
department had charge, also, of the accounts of
all the marshals of the United States, and of all the
district attorneys.
It must lie evident to this committee and to the
Country, that if this department were to be carried
on at ail, it was essentially necessary that it should
be provided with a sufficient force to carry it on
efficiently. Why, when calls for information were
made upon that department by Corgress, all the
hands in that department were set to work, and
all other business was neglected.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, interposed, and asked if
all the business now done in the Department of
the Interior, was not done previous to the creation
of that department, by the number of clerks pre-
viously employed, who were all now retained,and
all these additional clerks asked for?
Mr. HAMPTON replied, that it was done in the
other departments of the Government—whether
by the same number of clerks, or by more or less,
he knew not. But it mattered not—the act of
Congress, creating this department, as had been
stated by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
provided for the transfer of clerks from other
offices to the office of the Secretary of the Interior.
Requisitions had been made upon the other
departments, in accordance with the ptovisions
of that act of Congress, and the Secretary of the
Interior had not been supplied with those clerks.
That was a question which the gentleman might
inquire into upon another bill—upon a bill, appro-
priating for those other departments—he might
institute an inquiry, if he pleased, whether there
were not more clerks in these departments than
were necessary, since a portion of their business
had been taken from them; but he (Mr. H.)
apprehended that that was not a question which
affected the present appropriation at all. The
question was, could the Secretary of the Interior
perform the duties required of him by the act
creating that department, without the necessary
force proposed m this amendment? That was the
question, and the only question proper to be con-
sidered upon this bill. All that, the Secretary of
the interior could do—as had been suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio—was to make applica-
tion, as he had been directed by act of Congress
to do, to the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
transfer of the clerks from his office. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury .might refuse or not. If he
refused from motives of regard to the public
interest, (as he might have done,) how was the
Secretary of the Interior to organize and carry on
his department? Let the gentleman move a reso-
tion instituting an inquiry into this matter,-if he •
saw proper, but why, he asked, stop this depart-
ment, simply because the Secretary of the inte-
rior could not compel the Secretary of the Treasury
to transfer a portion of his force to the Department
of the Interior? White these duties were dis-
ctfkrged in the Department of the Treasury, they
had been mixed up with other duties; the clerks,
therefore, could not be taken from the Treasury
Department, and transferred to the Department of
the Interior, without injury to the public service.
The question, he repeated, and the only ques-
tion, now was, shall Congress make provision for
carrying on this department of the Government by
this small appropriation, or will it suffer the pub-
he service to be injured for the want of a necessary
force in this department? He would go with gen-
tlemen for retrenchment and reform-, in the true
and proper sense of the term; he would go for cut-
ting down all expenditures, where it could be done
without injury to the public service—but he had
no idea of their laying their hands upon the men
who did the work in the internal departments of
the Government; he had no idea of spreading a
net to catch the small fish, and let the large ones
pass through; he had no idea of muzzling the ox
which tieadeth out the corn. These men had la-
bored for twelve months and over—many times to
a late hour at night, which had been rendered ne-
cessary in part by the calls of this House and the
other House, for information—and now to refuse
to pay them, while hundreds of men, receiving
three times the pay which these cietks receive,
and doing nothing, were continued in office, would
be a beautiful spectacle—their ideas of economy
would be appreciated by the country. He hoped,
therefore, that the committee would at once adopt
this amendment and pay these men for the public
service they had performed.
Mr. BAYLY said he desired only to submit a
few remarks upon the motion of his friend from
Pennsylvania. The law, creating the Department
of the Interior, provided for a chief of that depart-
ment, and a chief clerk; the law, creating the office
of Commissioner of the Customs, with a salary of
$3,000, also gave him a chief clerk, with a-salary
of $1,700; the law, creating the office of Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, gave him also a salary
of $3,000, with a chief clerk, at a salary of $3,700.
Thus these laws added to the force which had
existed prior to that time, six of the first class of
officers, one head of a department, and two heads
of bureaus, with their chief clerks. So far from.
, Congress contemplating, when they had passed
i this'law, that an increased force would be made
necessary by the creation of the Department of
the Interior, precisely the reverse had been the
case. We had been told, in the debates in the two
Houses of Congress, that by creating the Home
Department, this office of Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
by the division and distribution of the business
provided for by that law, that the services of the
officers would be more efficient, and that it would
require a smaller, rather than a larger, force. The
law, creating these offices, and dis'.nbutmg the
: business of the former departments among them,
l expressly provided, that the clerks in charge of
} the business, should be transferred with the busi-
! ness; and it had not been contemplated that any
!! greater increase of force would be necessary than
I! the creation of these leading officers, with their
chief clerks. Now, when this matter came before
'i them, arid they made inquiries as to th'1 necessity
1: for these officers, which were employed without
the authority of law,.the reply which was given,
and which they had heard to-day, was, that this
force was absolutely, indispensably necessary,*
and that the Secretary of the Interior had been
compelled to employ these officers without author-
ity of law, or that the public business would suf-
fer. Granting, if they pleased, for the argument,
that all this was true, yet if the head of a depart-
ment had undertaken to legislate, to create officers
under a necessity believed by him to exist—if Con-
