1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 23,
the provision of the act of '34, it shall be taken
into consideration, allowed, and paid. It only re-
troacts so far as to allow the claimants to avail
themselves of the advantage which they could
have, if the Government had furnished the proper
officer. And to that extent you put the blame
upon the Government, in not furnishing; the proper
officer, through whom the citizen could act. And,
as the Government did not furnish the officer
through whom the citizen could act, under the
provisions of the act of 1834, it seems to me just
and proper that the case should be provided for.
That is the whole operation of the act, and it does
seem to me to be just to give it thalS extent and
that operation.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky whether in case a claim is pre-
sented against a Cherokee the Cherokees are lia-
ble ?
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will allow me I
will make him easy on that point. There will be
no applications for any depredations committed by
Cherokees. The other day 1 mentioned the Chet-
okees and several other tribes as having gone over
into Texas previous to the annexation. There
have been no depredations committed by them
since. There is no considerable number of them.
All who are there are half-breeds, and those who
live in society amongst us, and they have com-
mitted no depredations. I mentioned the other
day the fact thai a war ensued with those Indians
who committed depredations before the annexa-
tion took place. As to the Cherokees in Arkan-
sas 
Mr. BELL. Oh! I mentioned them merely as
an example; any other tribe would do as well.
Mr. RUSK. There was but one other tribe,
and they have been driven over into the United
States.
Mr. BELL. 1 understand, then, the whole
question to turn upon this: whether it is sound
policy for this Government to assume to guaranty
the payment of indemnity to the citizens of Texas
for all the depredations that may be committed on
their border settlements by Indians of any tribe,
Camanches or others?
Mr. RUSK. In amity with the United States.
Mr. BELL, in amity with the United States?
That is lather obscure and uncertain in its appli-
cation. I do not know how far the Camanches
are consideied on terms of amity with the United
States. Some of them have made treaties with the
United States. I think it would give rise to great
perplexity to the department. But I am not cer-
tain whether it is not sound policy to pass such a
law. it would bring to the notice of the Congress
of the United States the character of the depieda-
tions of these wandering tubes. I believe these
are not settled tribes, having fixed habitations.
All the Indians in Texas are nomadic, as 1 under-
stand it. The passage of such a law as this would
necessarily lead within a year or two to the estab-
lishment of a chain of posts on the boundary of
Texas, or otherwise it would become such a bur-
den on the Treasury as will be found to be very
serious and embarrassing. If Texas should re-
fuse to permit the establishment of an Indian
boundary, I do not see how such a policy as this
can be sustained. I understand that Texas stren-
uously opposes the idea that this Government
sh mid interpose to establish any Indian boundary
within her limits She stands upon her rights of
exclusive State jurisdiction and sovereignty m re-
lation to the Indians in her territory. I know, and
so does my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,]
that when this subject was before us a year or two
ago, and a bill was introduced, we both thought
this a very serious difficulty, and my recollection
is, that the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] op-
posed it.
Mr. ATCHISON. No, he did not.
Mr. BELL. Well, there was some opposition
from some quarter. It seems to me that no such
policy as this can be adopted by Congress with-
out the assent of Texas. It would, perhaps, there-
fore, be advisable that a proposition should be
made in this bill to receive the assent of the Legis-
lature of Texas to such regulations as the Gov-
ernment shall think proper to establish for the
purpose of restraining these depredations. The
Senator from Texas knows more about this than I
do; but from the knowledge which I have derived
from having attended somewhat closely for seve-
ral years to our Indian relations, it seems to me
| that there is no mode of restraining these depreda-
; tion without an effective chain of posts upon the
j borders of the Texas settlements. Whether the
| physical character of the country renders it prac-
! ticable to establish such a chain of posts as that,
I do not know. If not, and this country is not
very rapidly settled, we shall have heavy drains
on the Treasury annually for these depredations.
I have said that I do not know but that it is better
to adopt this policy, because it will force on Con-
gress and the executive Government the necessity
of placing such a force there as will repress these
depiedations. If we are liable to pay for these
depredations, the soundest policy is to provide
against their occurrence. And as we cannot be
brought to examine this question, and act upon it
effectively, it will perhaps be best to pass this bill,
which will press tins subject on our attention in a
year or two. Although it is a pretty broad prin-
ciple, and is likely to constitute a pretty heavy
drain upon the Treasury, yet, under all the cir-
cumstances, I am inclined to think it would be
better to pass the bill, and we shall the sooner see
what policy it will be absolutely necessary to pur-
sue in regard to these wandering tribes. The ob-
jection which first occurred to me, in regard to this
amendment, it seems, does not exist. I think, on
the whole, it is sound policy to pass the bill, and
see what its effect will be. I think, however, that
if the Senator from Texas agrees to it, it ought to
be accompamcd by a proposition that the Legisla-
ture of Texas should assent to the usual regula-
tions, and to the establishment of an Indian bound-
ary, and military posts on her boundary, such as
are usualm such cases.
As to the constitutional question, you, sir, know
that it is a very old question. The Supreme Court
decided in a celebrated case that this Government
had the power, under the clause of the Constitu-
tion giving power to regulate commerce and inter-
course with the Indian tribes, without the assent of
the Legislature. I think the question a very diffi-
cult one, if you come to examine it from the begin-
ning, and but for the decisions which have been
made, and the practice from the origin of the Gov-
ernment, (no power being given us in the Consti-
tution,) 1 should think it more than doubtful
whether we have any such power. On that power
to-regulate commerce with the Indian tribes, we
have built an immense superstructure since the
time of Washington. But if we are to have any
difficulty with any State, the shortest way to ter-
minate it is to propose to her that she should give
her assent to these regulations.
Mr. RUSK. The United States have just as
much jurisdiction now under the Constitution as
they would have with any agreement on the part
of Texas. They have a right to make treaties
with the tribes, to regulate trade and intercourse.
The Constitution is clear on the subject. The
States are prohibited from entering into any such
treaties. The power clearly belongs to the Gen-
eral Government. The General Government in
this instance has exercised it. It has entered into
a treaty with the Camanches, in which it did
not consult the State of Texas at all. Nor was it
bound to do so under the Constitution. The only
difficulty which has got into the mind of the hon-
orable Senator proceeds, I apprehend, from certain
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Texas,
some two or three years ago, which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. A great
number of tne western tribes were anxious to go
over into Texas and settle there. The Cherokees,
before the annexation, did go over in large num-
bers, and settled on a large tract of valuable coun- j
try there. War ensued between them and Texas, j
and they were driven out. The Kickapoos did the
same. _ They are still anxious to do it; and at this !
very time the largest portion of the Indians driven i
out of Florida are over there seeking to make ar-
rangements by which they can settle. The Ca-
manches endeavored to make some arrangement
by which a certain country should be laid out to
them by treaty. Against that the Legislature of
Texas protested, and passed resolutions solemnly
protesting, as they always will do. The United
States have no right to take the Indians, which
belong to another part of the United States, and
quarter them on Texas. Nobody will contend for
that.
This bill extends precisely the same law to
Texas which has existed in all the other States
where there are Indian tribes. The same rules to
regulate trade and intercourse with the Indians
exist in Texas as elsewhere, and by the same au-
thority—the Constitution of the United States. As
to ihe depredations being committed there, the
difficulty has been that ttie right kind of Hoops
have not been used. There are infantry stationed
on the frontier which operate as no defcnce at all,
but rather a temptation to the Indians to come
down and steal whatever they can find loose about
these frontier posts. The Camanches are the best
horsemen in the world, arid these infantry posts
only serve as temptations to induce them to dep-
redate on the citizens in the neighborhood. No
difficulty will occur if you will send the right sort
of troops. I will take five hundred rangers, and
be answerable with my head that I will make
peace in less than twelve months, and keep peace,
too. There would be no difficulty if you sent the
right sort of troops, and this bill will help greatly
to keep peace. After you thrash the Camanches,
or they see that they are m a position to be!
thrashed, they will come, as they did upon a late
occasion to General Brooke, to make a treaty.
Well, if you pass this law, what will be the effect?
General Brooke would say, " You have commit-
ted certain depredations, stolen certain horses, and
you must pay for them."- The Indians would
turn out their horses and mules very reluctantly,
to pay, and it would be long before the next dep-
redation would be committed. The depredations
which have been committed are so inconsiderable
that they will cause no draw on the Treasury
under this bill, but it will establish a principle
which will be very beneficial in restraining the
Indians, for they will be obliged to pay when they
make depredations on the defenceless frontier.
Mr. BELL. I did not intend to intimate that
any assent given by the Legislature of Texas
would enlarge the power of Congress over the In-
dian territory in Texas. I had the idea, derived
from the source which the Senator has alluded to,
that the State of Texas had protested against the
establishment of these Indian boundaries. I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to this fact. If
we send a proper amount of force, and of the
proper description, to Texas, and Congress is to in-
demnify the inhabitants of Texas for these depre-
dations, there is this difficulty still, unless we
establish Indian boundaries. A large proportion
of the northern part of Texas is still unsettled, but
the settlements are still advancing upon the mar-
gins of the fertile streams, or wherever water and
fuel are to be found, and the settlements are liable
to be extended fifty or a hundred miles at a time.
The Indians, in the habit of roaming over the
prairies in pursuit of the buffalo, must occasionally
find a new settlement within what they consider
their own domain, and will be apt to fail on them
and expel them, supposing they have the right of
to do. _ I am only supposing this. I do not know-
that it is so. I know it is the history of the set-
tlement of the territory west of the Alleghames,
and east of the Mississippi. I suppose the same
is the case in Texas, and therefore the sound
policy would be to have an Indian boundary pre-
scribed, and after the settlements advance to that
line it could be fixed again at some remote point
from the new settlements; and after once that
boundary was fixed, the Indians who passed it
would be liable to be considered as hostile and
aggresive on the territory of the people of Texas.
These are things about which the Senator from
Texas is better informed than I am. It seems to
me very difficult to repress these depredations
unless something of this kind is done, and unless
there are known and fixed boundaries for the time
being, which, if they passed, they would be con-
sidered as hostile. 1 merely suggest this. I think
it would be better to have the Indian boundaries,
but, after all, if the Senator from Texas does not
think it expedient or practicable to give authority
in this bill to establish those boundaries, I atn
willing to vote for the bill as it is, and to make ail
experiment of it for a year or two; but i think we
shall then all become sufficiently acquainted with
the true policy of the Government as to the mode
of restraining these Indians.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. On a former oc-
casion I submitted some remarks, showing that
the law of 1834 did not in my opinion apply to
the case of Indians not living on territory des-
ignated as Indian country, and therefore under ths
control of the intercourse laws, by which the
United States provide to exclude white men. The
