1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 24.
instrumental m urging and obtaining the passage
of the highly beneficial law to prevent the imput-
ation of spurious and adulterated drugs. From
his familiarity with the subject, and the admirable
fitness of the selection, Mr. Secretary Walker had
chosen hir, in the recess in 1848, to visit the
principal euies at the east—Boston, NewYoik,
and Philadelphia—to examine into, and report
upon the practical working; ot' that law. He was
occupied five weeks on this service; and his re-
port, containing much valuable information, and
suggestions which had led to further legislation,
had been communicated to Congress. The Secre-
tary, in his letter communicating that report, had
stated that he was only authorized, by existing
appropriations, to pay • the expenses of the ex-
aminer, and recommended some provision to be
made for compensation for his time and services.
He would refer gentiemen to that letter from Mr.
Walker. The amendment proposed $250 for the
pay of Doctor Edwards. That would be at the
rate of about seven dollars per day—one dollar
less said Mr. S.) than the estimated value we set
upon our own daily services here; but seven dol-
lars more, I am afraid, than the people of this
country are just now appraising our important
laboisat! The appropriation (iVlr. 8. said) was
unquestionably right, and he hoped the committee
would concur.
Whilst Mr. S. was explaining,
Mr. JONES interposed, to inquire whether
Doctor Edwards was not, at the time he was dis-
charging those duties, a member of Congress.
Mr. tiCBENCK. He was , but these services
were rendered at the request of the Secretary,
when Congress was not in session. They did not
interfere with his duties 'as a member of Con-
gress.
Mr. BOWLIN raised the-point of order on the
amendment, on the ground that it proposed to ap-
propriate money for past services.
Mr. SWEETSER also raised the point of or-
„ der.
The CHAIRMAN said, he had understood the
gentlerrmn from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to say, that
the appointment was made by the Secretary of the
Treasury; that no compensation was fixed, and
no appropriation made by law.
Mr. SGHENCK. I did not exactly say all
that. Doctor Edwards was appointed under the
authority of law. There was no authority to pay
the salary. The Secretary did not feel authorized
to pay more than the expenses, and he had asked
Congress, in his report, to make the appropriation.
The item was passed during the last Congress, but
in some way or other slipped out of the hands of
the Clerk and was lost. There were gentlemen
here who would remember the fact.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired, whether the appoint-
ment was not made under a law ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes,to carry out alaw which
had been p^sed.
Mr. BAYLY. What ia the sum ?
Mr. JSCKENCK. Two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
Mr. BAYLY. He did not ask over two hun-
dred dollars.
Mrf SCHENCfC. 1 assure the gentleman from
Virginia [iVir. Bayly] that he is mistaken, it is
$25U, as appears by the papers which I obtained
by the gentleman from Vugmia himself. (Mr. S.
here showed the papers to Mr. B., who acqui-
esced.)
Mr. SWEETSER insisted on the point of or-
der.
The CHAIR. The Chair is inclined to think,
and so decides, that this amendment falls withm
the principle, and mdeed withm thestrict rule of the
amendment adopted in the case of Mr. Gorman, and
in another case (the name of which was not heard
by the reporter) which had been passed upon
heretofore in the proceedings of the committee.
Under the authority of these two decisions, the
Chair decides that the amendment is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. i ask that the communica-
tion of Mr. Walker requesting that the appropria-
tion should be made may be read.
' No objection having been made—
The communication was read.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment, and
Mes-rs. Savage and Gould were appointed.
The CtiAiR called upon gentlemen to vote
either on the one side or the other, so as to make a
quorum.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 83, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES offered the following amendment:
" Provided, That from and alier the passage ot this act, the
salary or compensation oi no one of said examiners ahdfl
exceed the enure ieceipus ot duties on drugs at the port of
whicti lie is examiner."
Mr. J., in explanation, said that the exam-
iners at the ports at which they were author-
ized received a specific salary. Some of them
received about $1,000, and the entire receipts for
duties upon drugs imported into these poits, he
understood, did not amount in the year probably
to more than fifteen or twenty dollars. The duties
of these examiners could as well be performed by
the practising physicians of the several cities, where
their private professional duties required their pres-
ence; and if they received no other compensation
than the receipts upon these drugs, it would be
sufficient for the services rendered.
Mr. HiLLlARD said;: 1 am decidedly op-
posed to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee. Nothing could be more perni-
cious to the particular interest involved, than its
adoption, it would be fatal to it. Let us examine
its application for a momeut: An examiner is ap-
pointed by the Government to inspect all drugs
imported into the United States, with a view to
the exclusion of such as are adulterated, or other-
wise unfit lor use; and lor this service he receives
a specific salary. Now the gentleman from Ten-
nessee pi opuses that the salary of the examiners
in me several ports shall not exceed the amount
of duties collected upou the importation of foreign
drugs; in other worus, that the salary of the ex-
aminer shall be dependent upon the amount of
drugs imported—and not upon the amount ex-
cluded. This would make it the interest of the
examiner to relax his vigilance, and would be
ottering an inducement to neglect his duty rather
than to perform it. These examiners have ren-
dered essential service to the country—they have
excluded from the market an immense amount of
adulterated drugs, that would have otherwise en-
tered the country, and might have been used to
the detriment of the health of our people. The
system of examination is an admirable one—it is
the best sanitary regulation which the Govern-
ment could adopt, and 1 am for mmntaimng it m
full vigor. Besides, sir, the amount of labor per-
formed is not in this case the proper standard of
compensation.
Mr. FRONG inquired if the examiner was not
relieved from a portion of labor by rejecting im-
ported drugs; anu if, for that reason, his salary
ought not to be reduced ?
Mr. H1LL1ARD. Not at all. The examina-
tion must be made, and the compensation of the
person performing those duties ought not to de-
pend, in any way, upon the amount of importa-
tions. It requires a skillful person to act as an
examiner, and we should pay such a salary as will
secure one fully competent.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, offered the
following amendment; which was agreed to:
" For paying a balance found by the accounting officers to
be due to Y/,nani>, fonner Consul at <Jadiz, nt Spam,
the sum of 80, .trni saut accounting othcers. are lo as-
ceitam Ijovv liiuoii ut s,ud sum i  duu uy decent or devise,
or in any other manner, to the late Jos6 M. Y/nardy, or
to his heirs, former consul of the United States at Havana,
who is indebted to the United States; and &o much of this
appiopnauon as shall be so lound to be due to said Jos6
M. Yznardy, or to Ins heirs, shall be applifcd on ^aid indebt-
edness; and the remamdei of tins appropriation to be paid
to the other heirs of the said Jos6 Yznardy, or to his repre-
sentatives.'"
The Clerk read the following clause, viz:
"To enaule the Secietaryof the Interior to take a perpet-
ual lea^e to the United States, from Uie city ot Unca, New
York, free of ta.xes or other charges of any sort, so many
room.-* in the City Hall m saul city, about to be erected, as
nrny he necessary for the proper accommodation of the
United States district and circuit courts holdori m said
cit>,and their officers, $12,000. Provided, That no partofthis
appiopnauon shall he paid until it shall be certified by the
justices of said circuit court that the said rooms are pro-
vided, and the said lease made."
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the above
clause, to make it read as follows, viz:
"To enable the Secretary of the Interior to take a per-
petual lease to the United States from the city of Uuca, New
York, and from the justices of the inferior court of Cobb
county, Georgia, tree ot taxes or other charges of any sort,
so many rooms m the City Hall m said city, and court-
house in the town of Marietta, about to be erected, may
be necessary for the proper accommodation of the United
States district and circuit courts, holden in said citvand
town, and their officers, seventeen thousand dollars; $12,000
for the lease from the city ot Uuca, and $5,000 for the iea>e
from the justices of the inferior court or said county: Pro-
vided, That no part of this appropriation shall be paid until
n shall be certified by the respective justices of said circuit
court that the said rooms are provided, and the said lease
made."
Mr. BAYLY raised a question of order upon
the amendment. It was, he said, for the same
purpose as that which the Chair ruled out of order
the other day.
The CHAIRMAN said, as an independent
proposition, he should decide the amendment out
of order; but as an amendment to the item reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, he must
consider it in order.
Mr. HARALSON briefly explained and sup-
ported the amendment, m remarks of which (owm;
to the position from which he spoke) no more than
the general tenor could be caught by the reporter.
He was understood to say, thai no room wits pro-
vided for the Federal courts which were held in
Marietta, other than such as could be rented tem-
porarily. He spoke of the importance arid neatness
of the place, and urged upon the justice of the com-
mittee that if the appropriation reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means for Utica were
retained, the similar one he proposed for Marietta
should be inserted, and both places put upon a foot-
ing of equality.
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Messrs.
Fowler and Featherston were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 72, noes 56.
So the amendment of Mr. Haralson was
adopted.
Mr. BOOTH moved to strike out the entire item,
as amended.
Mr. H1LL1ARD. Is it in order, before the mo-
tion to strike out is put, to amend the section as it
stands ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. HILLIARD moved to amend the section by
adding the following, viz:
" And to enable the .Secretary of the Interior to take a
perpetual lease to the United State* trom the State of Ala-
bama, free of taxes or other city charges of anv sort,
many rooms in the State-house in the city of Montgomery,
about to be erected, as may lie neees^aty for the proper ac-
commodation of the United States distuct and circuit
conns, h.jt.l. ri 111 said city, arid Iheir officers, $12,000 :
Provided, That no pait of tins appropriation shall be paid
until it shall be certified by the justices of said cncuit
com t that the said looms are provided, and the said lease
made.'1
He saidjie would ask the attention of the com-
mittee for a single moment. They were building
in the city of Montgomery, Alabama, a new State
House. The district and cncuit courts of the
United States were both held there, and when sit-
ting there, were accommodated ill a room hired
temporarily for that purpose—for which a large
sum was being paid. He asked no money to buy
land; he should prefer not to do it; he asked none
to erect buildings there; he should prefer not to do
it. He simply asked, instead of appropriating,
from year to year, for the rent of temporary
rooms, that $12,000 should be expended to take a
perpetual lease of such rooms as were necessary in
the court-house, which was now in the process of
erection. He urged, that instead of the proposi-
tion being one tending to increase the expenditures
of the Government for this purpose, it was one of
positive economy.
Mr. RUMSEY said, he was opposed to this
amendment. It seemed to him, that this was the
commencement of a system, with regard to the
construction of buildings for the use of the courts
of the United States, of which they could, at pres-
ent, scarcely see the end. He could well conceive,
that in some of the large cities where they had
terms of the various courts going on almost all the
time, it was necessary that they should provide
some place fo^r holding the Federal courts; but in
the ordinary country towns it seemed to him that
there was no reason for it; there being but few
courts held in these places, the Federal courts
could always be accommodated in the court-rooms
already provided. He was opposed to these prop-
ositions, more especially unless they came from
some one of the committees of the House.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Hilliard by increasing the appro-
priation to $12,001.
He said, that the remark which fell from the
