him
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 24,
The CHAIRMAN said, it was not in order if
objection was made, unless the committee ordered
it to be read.
Objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN propounded the question to
the committee, Shall the clause desired by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania be read?
Mr. POTTER rose to.a question of order—
Mr. TOOMBS (rising simultaneously) was rec-
ognized, and inquired if the clause could be read,
except by unanimous consent?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, upon
reflection, that, objection being made, the reading
being in the nature of debate, the clause cannot be
read except by universal consent.
So, objection being made, the clause of the bill
referred to was not read.
Mr. BAYLY. That clause was put into the
bill of 1846 in the Committee of Ways and Means,
and not in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union—therefore it is no precedent.
Mr. JONES asked for the reading of the 331st
rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule will be again read
if no objection is made.
Objection was made.
Mr. CASEY. Will the Chair have the amend-
ment read?
The CHAIRMAN (apparently misapprehend-
ing the request of Mr. Casey)—the objection not
being pressed—caused the ru'e to be a^ain read.
Mr. CASEY. It was the reading of the amend-
ment for which I asked.
The CHAIRMAN again announced the ques-
tion, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Phelps and Van Dyke were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—aye3 81, noes 77.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Hampton was ruled out of
order.
Mr. BAiLY moved that the committee rise.
Mr. TOOMBS. The committee having gone
through the bill, I move that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated, that the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia was first in order.
Mr. TOOMBS 1 move, then, an amendment to
that motion, that the committee report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion to rise, like the motion to adjourn, not amend-
able.
Mr. VINTON". I desire to put a question to
the Chair. It is this: If the bill be reported by
the committee, and the House do not agree to all
the amendments before we adjourn, will not the
bill go upon the Speaker's table as unfinished bus-
iness ? ,
The CHAIRMAN. That is for the House to
der.ide.
Mr. VJNTON. 1 suppose that will be the
eilVot.
Tellers were asked and ordered; and Mr. Evans,
of oi lio, and Mr. Thomas, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
sy s 121, noes not counted.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
THE POST-ROUTE BILL.
Mr. POTTER. The general post route bill is
ready for the action of the House, and 1 rise to
rriakft a motion that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to take up that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] that the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, is in order and can be enter-
tc Pf-d. Bat for the House to resolve itself" into
Cor.mnitee of the Whole on the state of the Union
i:;>m any particular bill, unanimous consent must
he requimd, or a suspension of the rules by a vote ;
of two-thirds—and a motion to suspend the rules :
is lift tn order to-day. i
?,!r. POTTER. 1 beg to remark, that I do not !
desiru to make the motion to take'up this bill a j
port of my motion to go into Committee of the i
YV hole on the state of the Union. I did not intend i
it tin part of the motion. I merely intended to give ■
notice, that if the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union should pre-
vail, I should then move to lay aside the order of
business in committee, for the purpose of taking
up the general pobt-route bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The bill to which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] refers, con-
tains no appropriation. I submit, therefore, to
the Chair, whether the gentleman cannot move to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, from the consideration of that
bill .'
The SPEAKER. That motion will not be
in order except by unanimous consent. The fact
that the bill contains no appropriation, does not
make a motion in order which would otherwise We
out of order. No motion of that kind is in Older
except a motion that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. POTTER. Then I make that motion, and
I give notice that if it shall prevail, I shall, in
committee, move to take up the general post-route
bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a privileged motion.
1 move that the House adjourn.
The SPJEAKER. The motion submitted by
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is not
such a privileged motion as will entitle him to
precedence on the floor. The gentleman will be
entitled to submit that motion, if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Potter] yields the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mi. Potter,] as I understood, was
declared to be out of order.
The SPEAKER explained, that the motion last
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio (namely,
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole) was in order. And the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] having now the floor,
the motion to adjourn was in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.]
The SPEAKER. It may be done by unani-
mous consent.
Objection was made.
Tellers were ordered on the motion to adjourn,
and Messrs. Cabell, of Florida, and Booth were
were appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 92, noes 37.
Mr. POTTER asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 26, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. JONES asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the resolution which he bad in-
effectually attempted to introduce on Saturday last,
authorizing the Speaker to cause two seats to be
placed in front of the Speaker's chair, for the ac-
commodation of the reporters of the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. McGAUGEIY rose and objected.
Mr. JONES moved that the rules of the House
be suspended to enable hirn to offer the resolution.
REDUCTION OP POSTAGE.
The SPEAKER. T here is a motion to sus-
pend the rules now pending, and that motion must
be disposed of before another motion of that kind
ran be made. The Chair will state the question.
When the House adjourned on Saturday last, a
motion had been made by the gentleman from
New York [iMr. Matteson] to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer the resolution which the
Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Revolted, That the House bill No. 351, beuig a hill for the
reduction of po>tage and to abolish the franking privilege, be
made the special older fnrthe4ih Mondavof Augu-t mutant
at seven o'clock, p. in., and continue fiom da> to day, at the
same hour, until the -ame shail'be finally disposed of.
The resolution having been read—
_ The SPEAKER continued. Pending the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, the House adjourned.
The yeas and nnys had been demanded. The
question now recurs on suspending the rules, and
on ordering the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. INGE. Mr. Speaker, resolutions recently
adopted at a large and enthusiastic mass meeting
of the citizens of Alabama, held at the city of
Montgomery, have been sent to the Alabama dele-
gation, to be presented to this House. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that they may
be received, and that I may express my satisfac-
tion in offering to its consideration the indisputa-
ble truths therein expressed, and the firm resolves
of the people to maintain them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Inge] is aware that a motion to suspend
the rules is now pending.
Mr. INGE asked the unanimous consent of the
House to present the resolutions.
Objections being made, the resolutions were not
received; but they were subsequently presented
under the rule, and are as follow:
Montgomery, (Ala.,) Aug. 20, 1850.
Gentlemen: Tn pursuance of a resolution adopted at a
mas* meeting held in this city on the 17th instant, we have
the honoi to enclose you the proceedings of that meeting*;
and to remain, inostie-pectfutly,
Your obedient^ iv«int«s,
THOS F. LEONARD, ) c . .
P. H. BRITTAIV \ becl<Jtaries.
To the honorable Messrs, Inge, Milliard, Harris, Hub-
bard, Bowuos. Alston, and Cobb, Houie ol Represent-
atives, Washington, D. C.
MONTGOMERY MASS MEETING.
In pursuance of previous notice, a laige number of the
citizens of Montgomery and the adjoining couiiin-s, as--em-
bled id ma«s meeting m the city ol Montgomery, on Satur-
day, the 17th instant.
On motion ol R. C. Shorter, Jr., Esq., the following offi-
cers were appointed.
Presidents—James Gilchrist. Esrj, ofLowndes, and Tho?.,
S. May*, of Montgomery eountv.
T'ice Presidents—Morgan Smith, Esq , of Lowndes ; B. F.
Notile, Monigomei), D. C. Miller, Harbour; Jame* H.
Smith, Macon; Generat James J. Giliner, Montgomeij;
Boiling Mall, Autauga; Judge E. T. Smith, Benton; Dr Ja-.
W. Pierce, Montgomery; Dr. Morris, Lowndes; B'Mtiam
J. Iloole, Baibom; Richaid Felder, Montgomery Di. N.
Bozeman. do ; Colonel A J. Pickett, do.; and Major White,
of Macon county.
Secretaries—Thoma« F. Leonard and P. Ii. Bnttan.
Judge May*;, on taking the chair, made an appropriate
arid eloquent address, in returning thanks (or the honor cori-
fened, and in explanation of the purposes and objects ot the
meeting.
J. ti. Pugh, fesq , of EufauJa, wa< fir*t called upon, and
took the stand. Mr P.'s speech was a ma-teily exposition
and history of the anti-slavery crusade against the South,
and he was listened to with the deepest attention, and re-
ceived the frequent plaudit- ot the assembly.
At the conclusion of Mr. P.'s -speech, Colonel Williams,
of Montgomery, submitted the resolution*:
Resolved, Tnat as a compromi>e of the slaveiy questions
at i-sue between the North and the South, we approve the
platform of the Nashville Conversion, to wit: ine applica-
tion of the Missouri compromise lute of 36° isO' to ih« ten i-
tones of the United States, with a lecogiution of slavery in
those territories south of that line; and we pledge ourselves
to sustain the action of that Convention, resolved upon in
conformity with the above ptinctples.
Resolved, That the admission of California into the Union,
upon her present application, will be but a consummation
of one of the most stupendous frauds ever attempted upon
the rights of any people, and an enactment by Congress of
the Wihnot proviso in a disguised, though most effective
form.  
Resolved^ That in the event of the admission of California,
wuhouta full recognition of the nghw of the South, on the
basis of the Nashville resolutions, we recommend to the
people of this State, and to the people of the other slave-
holding States, to mepf in Convention, with a view to the
adoption of such measures as may he best suited to the
emergency of the occasion.
R> solved, That we have w itnessed, with unqualified satis-
faction, the action of the citizens ot Georgia in their pu-
inary meetings, in reference to the great questions at issue^
and in the event of the admission of Calhoruia into the
Union with her propo>ed boundaries, we look to the as-
semblmgof the Convention of that State, as the fir*t great
practical southern movement in vindication of the wrongs-
of the South.
Revolted, That looking to the past hi-tory of the gallant
State of Georgia, and to the acknoi\ lodged energy, firmness,
and practical wisdom of her citizen-, we cannot'doubt that
hei course in this cru-is will be worthy of ine fame of her
Troup, and of ihe great cau-e which rests upon her, as one
of its most efficient champions.
Resolved, That the admission of Texas- into this Union
was accomplished by the Representatives of the slavehold-
ing States, and m opposition to the strongest eftorts ot Free
Soil and Abolition; that in the act of her admission, the
prejudices of the North against our institutions were re-
xpected, by the prolulnliori of slavery in the States thereaf-
ter to be formed lung north or the line of 36® 30' north lati-
tude ; that h- r boundaries up to that line weie clearly estab-
lished by hei war of independence, designated by the
resolutions of her Congress, admitted hy the joint resolution
hy which she became a State of our Union, vindicated hy
the war with Vexico, arid finally ratified by the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo; and that any act of Congres. by which
any poition of her teiritoiy south of that line would' be sur-
rendered to fiee soihsm should be oppo&ed as a direct at-
tack upon ou  institutions.
Resolved, That the question now pending as to the bound-
ary ot Texas, is one in which the whole South is d* eply
interested, and that good laifh to her si-tor Stares of the
South, demand-* that Texas -.hall not consent to be di?mem-
bered in ihe manner marked out in what is Known a* the
Senate hill for the adjutant lit of the Texas boundary.
Resolved, That while the position o' Texas* is sought to be
made use of as the. breach thtouL'h winch an assault is to
be made upon the riguts of the sfavehoiding States, let her
be assured of the cordial support of the people of these States
in all measures she may take to sustain her boundaries, as
declared by her Congress; the people of the South have also
