1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1658
a right to expect of her that she will not be sn faNe to her- j
self and to them, as to accept a sum of money for admit- t
ting an enemy within her gates, and establishing therein j
stronghold forfcbolmonisui, and a harbor for fugitive slaves. i
Resohed, That any attempt upon the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to prevent .Texas from ex-
tending her lurisdiction over all the territory included with-
in her boundaries, a* defiutd by law at the date of the act
of annexation, will be a usuipauon of power by that Gov-
ernment, and an act not only without law, but against the
j«t\v of Texas, against the act of annexation, against the law
of the treaty with Mexico, and an invasion of the limits of
Texas. .
Resolved, That all attempt? to induce and to aid any part
of the inhabitants of the territory lying within the limits of
Texas, as defined hy her at the date of the act of annexation,
to form a separate government, aie fiauds committed upon
the rights of Texai, and t;nd directly to decide the question
of boundary against her.
Resolved, That Congress, under the Constitution of the
United States, has power to provide for calling forth the mi-
lam for three separate and specified pmposes, and none
othei, to wit: " To execute the laws of the Union; to sup-
press insurrections, and to repel invasions;" and that the
acts of Congress of 179j and 180* on tins subject are acts
pasyed in conformity with the above constitutional provision.
Resolred> That any attempt by the Proidentufthp^e Uni-
ted Slates to use the military power of the Government j
against an act of a t-oveieign State, does not come within !
either the letter or spirit of the Constitution of the United
States, or of the -tatutee passed hy Congie&s on the s-ubject
-of calling forth the militia, and- that such attempt to roerce
a sovereign State, would be a plain and palpable violation
of the Constitution, destructive of the liberty of the people,
and should be denounced and resisted by ail the States of
tins Union,
Resolved, That we apptove of the reassembling of the
Nashville Convention alter the adjournment of Congress;
and that tins district may be fully repiesented, we appiove
the holding of a District Convention at Clayton, that the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of General R. C.
Shorter, Sen., may he filled ; and that five-delegates be ap-
pn.nied to represent the county of Montgomery in said con-
vention.
After the reading of the resolutions, Pi evident May3 stated
that this meeting having been called for free discussion, any
one opposed to the resolutions was invited to come forvvaid
and take the stand. No one appearing to avail himself of
this invitation, Colonel Williams was called upon and spoke
at length, with eloquence and ability, in support of the reso-
lutions.
General G. W. Gunn, of Tuskegee, was next introduced
to the audience, and delivered an argumentative and able
speech, replete with waim and glowing language—breathing
devotion to the South and the maintenance ot her rights un-
impaired.
The Chair here again extended the invitation to any one
opposed to the resolutions to take the stand; but there
seemed to be fi none ot chat sort" present, and
B. W. Walker, Esq., of Macon county, entertained theau-
<3icuce fora short timewsthan earnest and patriotic speech.
Honorable W. L.Yancey was now enthusiastically called
for, arid took the stand. It is enough to say, that this effort
ot Mi. Y. was worthy of his high reputation as a debater
and otaroi, and was frequently and heartily applauded.
At the conclusion of this speech, the resolutions were put
■upon their passage, and weie adopted unanimously.
The harbaeue v\ a- then announced as ic.idy, and the crowd
repaired to the nble, the ladies, (a large number heingp es-
em.) of course, having the precedence. The fare wa* abun-
dant and well prepared, and all seemed to enjoy it.
After dinner, the. Presidents again called the meeting to
ord'ir, at about five o'clock, p. m. A consideiable number
responded to this call, and assembled around the stand,
where they were entertained by excellent speeches by Col-
onel John Cochran, of Barbour, IJamblin F. Lewis, Esq., of
Lowndes, and A Eiland, Esq., of Rus«ell county.
On motion of Colonel Seibels, tt was
Resolved, That a copy of the proceedings of this meeting
be forwarded to our Senators and Representatives m Con-
gress, including the able and patriotic Volney E. Howard,
Sue of the Representatives from the State of Texas, with
the request that they be laid before their respective Houses;
and also, that a copy thereof he forwarded to the Governor
of Texas, with a request that he will lay them before the
Legislature of that State, now in session.
R. C. Shorter, jr , Esq., chairman of the Committee of In-
vitation, here read letters from several gentlemen who had
been invited: John A.Campbell, E*q., and B. Boykin, of
Mobile; Colonels George W. Gayle and J. H. Campbell, of
Ca awha; Judge A. Bowie, Colonel S. F. Rice, and Thomas
B. Woodwaid,of Talladega; which being too long to imbody
in these proceedings, will hereafter be published in the pa-
nels of Montgomery.
On motion of Mi. Yancey, it was
Resolved, That this lmetmg recommend to the people of
his State, and the South generally, to subscribe to the
< Southern Press," at Washington city, as it is the only
organ of ihe South published at the seat of the General Gov-
ernment.
On motion of Col. Seib^ls, it was
Resolved, That a delegation of four be appointed by the
Presidents of this meeting, to attend the mass meeting to be
held at Macon, Ga., on the 22d instant, and to bear with
them the proceedings ;ind greetings ot this meeting.
The following gentlemen were appointed under this res-
olution: Messrs. John Cochran, J. L. Pugh, W. L. "iancey,
and P.T. Sayre.
On motion of Judge A. Martin, it was
Resolved. That the cordial thanks of the meeting are
tendered to F. M- Gilmer, Esq., for the use of his splendid
warehouse for the purposes of this meeting.
After the adoption ot a resoluuon of thanks to the officers,
for the manner in which they discharged their duties, the
meeting adjourned at about 7 o'clock, p. m.
JAMES GILCHRIST, )p ., .s
THO.VIAS S. MAYS, \ ^residents.
Thomas F. Leonard, £ secretaries*
P. II. Brittan, >
The question then recurred on ordering the yeas
and nays on the motion of Mr. Mattlson.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended
was then taken, and decided in the negative.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The business first in order was the motion
made on Saturday afternoon by Mr. Potter, that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (with the inten-
tion, if that motion should prevail, of moving to
lay aside the business fust in order, and to take
up the general post-route bill;) pending which
motion the House had adjourned.
And the question being on'that motion,
Mr. POTTER, said, he proposed to withdraw
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to move that, by unan-
imous consent, the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of this bill to establish
certain post-routes in the United States.
Mr. GOTT, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order to
move that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending the
other motion.
Mr. FEATHERSTON desired, he said, to state
to the House, that the bill had only just been
printed; members had not had an opportunity to
examine it. Some members were absent, and
might think it unfair that the bill should be taken
up in their absence.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Featherston] object?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I do.
Mr. POTTER, Then I move that the rules be
suspended, to enable me to make the motion, that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill.
The question was taken, and the vote stood
ayes 97, noes 33.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Potter, and having been decided in the
affirmative—
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union were discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
engrossment of the bill.
The routes in New Hampshire being under con-
sideration,
Mr. POTTER moved the following amendment,
which was read, viz:
From Bellows Fall?. Vermont, via Paper Mill, South
Acwoith, Lemster, and East Unity, to Newport, in New
Hampshne.
The amendment was agreed to.
•Mr.POTTER was about toofleranotheramend-
ment, when—
The SPEAKER, interposed, and paid the Chair
apprehended there would be some difficulty upon
this hill, unless the House should understand tn
advance in what manner it was to be disposed of.
No amendment to it had been adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, in order that amendments might be offered in
proper order, the bill would now be read by
closes.
Mr. INGE, (to the Speaker.) lias the bill
been read in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The bill will
now be read hy clauses, and. amendments can be
offered regularly, as in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It is the only mode in
which the House can act understandingly.
Mr. PUTNAM offered the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, viz:
From Batavia, m the county of Genesee, to Buffalo, in
the county of Erie,-alone; the plank load now being con-
structed between said points.
4. Mr. NEWELL proposed the following* to come
in under the head of New Jersey, which was read
and agreed to, viz:
Fiom Mount Holly via Chemung, New Gretna, to Tuck-
erville, New Jersey.
From Mount Holly via Pemberton, Brown's Mills, to Bar-
Barnegat, New Jersey.
On motion by iSessrs. CASEY and CALVIN,
verbal alterations were made in the bill.
Mr. ASHMUN now interposed, and said it was
very evident that this bill could not be disposed
of to-day- There were, he had been informed, a
great number of amendments to be offered. It
i was very important that the civil and diplomatic
1 appropriation bill should be disposed of, and he
would, therefore, move that the further considera-
tion of the post-route bill be postponed until Mon-
day next.
Mr. INGE. I hope that motion will be agreed
to. We have all been taken by surprise in having
this bill pressed upon our consideration at this
i time 
j The SPEAKER interposing Debate is not in
| order.
| The question on the n^ption to postpone was
j taken, and the vote stood—ayes 77, noes 59.
; Mr. POTTER. I call for the yeas and nays;
: and I desire to state, that I do so because we can
finish this bill in an hour if we will proceed.
It The SPEAKER. Remarks are out of order,
j The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to postpone.
| Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, (to the Speaker.)
j If the consideration of the bill is postponed until
i Monday next, will it then come up as the special
i order?
The SPEAKER. It will come up on Monday
next as the regular business, but not as a special
order.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, and decided in the negative—yeas 82, nays
107; as follow:
YEAS—Mess-r*. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Ashmun,
Averett, Bayly. Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Bowdon, ftreek,
Bruzs-. Burrow?!, Burt, C. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Jo-*. P. Caht-
w«,li;c<i«e\ .Claike, \V. R. \V. Cobb,Colcock, Cole, Dtberry,
i Divon, Diaiham, Elliot, A Evans, Kwina, Fitch, Freedley,
| Gerry, Gorman, Gott,Gould, Hall, Hamilton, Hampton. [. G.
. Harris. S.wwson YV. Harris, Havtnotul, Hebard, Henry,
I Hibbard. Billiard, Holmes, Inge, .Tame? L. Johnson, Jone-,
! jas. G. King, Jno. A. Kins, Lefflei. Littlefield, McGauahey,
! Robert M. McLnne, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Million,
I Morse, Moiton, N"|son, Outlaw, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman,
1 Reynold-*, Rockwell, Ros«, Savage. Schermerhorn, Silvester,
' Spaulduig, Spiague, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Thomas, John
B Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Underfill!, Van JDyke,
WatRms, White, and Wilson—S2.
ji jVAYS—Mebsis. Albertson, Anderson, A«he, Bny, Boaie,
i1 Bingham, Booth, BowJm, Albert G. Brown, William J.
l' Brown, Buel, Thoma* B. Butler, Joseph Cable. George A.
I; Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chngman,
Corwui, Crowe!!, Daniel, Dimmick. Disnev, Doty, Duncan,
; Durkee, Edmondson, Nathan Evans, Featherston, Fowler,
! Fuller, Giddingr--5, GrimieU, JJallowrn, Hammond, Haralson,
l Harlan. Hay, Homeland, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter,
i Jos. W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Julian,
I Gcoige G. Kmk, Pie-ton King, La i?e>e, Horace Mann,
1 J. Mann. Maishall, Ma-on, M.tU* &ori, McClernand, MeDow-
i ell, McLanahan, McQueen, McWiIlie, Meade, Moore,
! Moms Newell, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps,
1 potter, Putn uu, Richardson, R,vhbin-«, Robinson, Root,
R'lm^ev, Saekett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schoolcraft. Scddon,
«ln>ppp|d, Rich.nd II. Stanton, Stet>on, Stiong, Sweeper,
Tav 'or, James Thomp-0!i,Tuek, Tenable, Vinton, VYalden,
i Waldo, Wallace, W.-iibot-n, Womworth, Whittlesey, Wil-
' driek, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, and Young
I —107.
!; So the post-route bill was not postponed.
!; Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, sent up the foliow-
;■ ins: amendment:
!i Sec —■ Be it further enactcd, That all the roads and nav>-
l! jrable rivers in the United States, or the Territories theieof,
l! Row or hereafter to be opened, be and the same are hoieby
, declared to be po&t-roiites Cor the conveyance of the mails
! and the Postmaster General if? hereby authorized at his dis-
cretion to contract for carrying the mails from place to place
nver the same, in conformity with the law whenever in Ins
opinion the public good shall require the tame to be so
transported, m the same manner that he coukl if each route
were herein specially named, and not otherwise.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman offer the
amendment as a substitute for the biil ?
Mr. EVANS replied in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER said it would be in order after
I the bill should have been read through.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the consent of the House
that it may be considered in order now, and if I
am allowed, 1 wish to say a few words upon the
substitute.
j Mr. ROBINSON objected, and called the gen-
ii tleman to order.
|l Mr. EVANS said he would make some remarks
il to the bill then. He said he would not occupy tile
J, attention of the House above three or four nnnutts.
\ It must be well known to the Houfe that nearly
| i all the public roads in the Union had been declar.ed
!j post-routes, and he desired to know what reas.nn-
!' able objection there could be to m.alun.? them an
|! post-routes, whenever the Postinaster ycnoral
I; shall be of opinion that the public interest w.l< ye
