1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
{he Secretary of the Interior, and if it is necessary
to vote additional clerk hire, I will vote it. "i
hope it may be established It will be a sourcc of
information and profit to the farming interests
throughout the country, who should receive en-
couragement and protection at the hands of the
nation.
In relation to the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hampton,] now under
consideration, I wish to submit one or two remarks.
I find in the letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
addressed to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means—which was read yesterday—
the following paragraph:
"The ruasom explanatory of the necessity of employing
clerical nid in the performance of the duties required of the
department, which could not he po^tpo.md or neglected, and
why no aid could be received by a Hauler troni the Tied*-
wrj Oeputment proper, aie given in the second and thud
paragiaphs of mv report of the 3d of December la^t, accom-
pany 1115 the annual message ot the i'tesident, and to which
I lies; leave to icforyuu."
Now, (continued Mr. T.,) I beg leave to say to
this committee, that heie is another instance
wherein we cannot legislate advisedly—for that
document, which was sent to the Mouse in con-
nection with the President's annual message, has
not yet been printed and laid upon our tables.
The reasons assigned by the Secretary of the
Interior, why this clerical aid is necessary, he says
are contained in his report to the President, com-
municated with the annual message, which has not
yet been printed and laid upon our tables. The
first part of the President's annual message, and
*vcompanying documents, has been printed; but
the second part, containing Mr. Ewmg's report,
has not been furnished to us. I speak of it in
order that the Committee on Public Printing may
have their attention called to the subject, and if
they can find a remedy, 1 hope they will do so.
Mr. HARALSON (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a suggestion, in relation
to this particular point?
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HARALSON. The clause of the letter
which has been read, refers to the reasons why
this additional clerical aid has been employed by
the Secretary of the Interior. These reasons have
not as yet, as the gentleman states, been pub-
lished. They were contained in the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, accompanying the Presi-
dent's message. Now, what they were, we do not
know. No man can tell what were the reasons
operating upon the mind of the Secretary of the
Inteiior, which, in his judgment, justified him in
that act. Would it not be well, therefore, for
the gentleman who introduced this amendment, to
withdraw it for the present, and allow the bill to
be passed with no provision 011 this subject. Af-
terward, when the reasons shall have been pub-
lished, let a bill be introduced, and I, for one, will
be ready to sustain it, if the reasons are such as to
justify the action of the Secretary; if not, I shall
oppose it. I am against voting m the dark. I
want additional leasons. I do not want anything
to be left to conjecture.
Mr. TAYLOR, (resuming.) I do not propose
to occupy much of the time of the committee.
Mr. FULLER (interposing) explained, that
the reason why the second part of the President's
annual message and accompanying documents had
not been printed was, that, by the order of the
Committees on Printing in both houses, concurred
in by a prominent friend of the Administration,
in the Senate, [Mr. Smith,] who was a member
of the Senate committee, the printing of that mes-
sage had been deferred in order that the Califor-
nia message and accompanying documents might
fiist be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, (resuming.) I merely mention
this fact to show that, while gentlemen are finding
fault in Congress with the proceedings of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in employing additional
clerical force to carry on the duties of the depart-
ment, organized under the act of the last Con-
gress, we are absolutely legislating without all
the light which we ought to have. We have
muchi it is true. My distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Vinton,] who sits before me, by his exposition
this morning, has greatly relieved us. And I say
now, with this exposition, and thatof my colleague
from the Montgomery district, [Mr. Schencic,]
and the letter of Mr. Ewing, I am relieved of ail
doubt as to the propiiety of this amendment, and
am ready to vote for it.
Now, I find in the letter of Mr. Ewirig, which I
have before me, nddre-s&ed to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, several state-
ments which, it appears to me, have been over-
looked by gentlemen on the opposite side, in their
remarks on this subject.
One paragraph of that letter is as follows:
" The d statement, mat ked A, shows the number,
salaries, and dime*- ot ihe cleiks, not provided lor bv law,
and now employed in th« department proper. Bv this
statement, it will be peieeived, that the aggregate salami
of the tour clerks, now doing duty therein, but who are yet
upon (he p.u rolls, of the General Land Otllee, Indian Of-
fice, :md Pension Office, amount to £5,700. The*.*- <a!aue<!
propeily belong to those huieaus, and are needed for the
propei transaction ot business Hieicin; and so soon as an
appiopmtion 1- mude tot the clerk* necessary fot tlm de-
pattment for the present fiscal year, as estimated bv the
second item, those salaries will be letiu ned to those offices,
and be applied to the pa\ merit of cl«:ik  doing duty therein.
The ite of the salaries of the person** mnv employed,
as clerks in the depat iment proper, is. £1:2,500."
The $5,701), (continued Mr. T.,) being the
amount of the salaries of the four clerks now
doing duty in the department proper, as stated in
Mr. Ewing's letter, but who are yet upon the pay
rolls of the General Land Office, Indian Office, and
Pension Office, when deducted from the aggregate
amount asked for of $12,500, leaving $G,80(), which
seems to be the only additional amount absolutely
necessary to pay for the extra clerical aid, in per-
forming the dunes required by the said depart-
ment.
I think when we establish a new department of
the Government, one having more patronage than
any other, it is utterly impossible for any man to
provide in anticipation {or every contingency. It
must be expected that there will Oe some details—
some expenditures—not to be anticipated in the or-
ganization of that department; and it is for Con-
gress afterwaid to provide for such expenses as
are deemed absolutely necessary. I think that this
amendment of the gentleman liom Pennsylvania
should be voted for, and that we should uphold
this Department of the Interior. It is one of groat
interest to the people of the interior—of cspecial
interest to the people of the western country—par-
ticularly to those who have to do with pensions,
public lands, Indian agencies, patents—everything,
in fact, enumerated m the first ten sections of the
law, which prescribes the duties of the Secretary
of the Interior. They are numerous and veiy im-
portant, They have already been referred to, but
I hope the committee will pardon me, as I do not
often trouble them, for adverting briefly to them.
I find that the duty of the Secretary of the In-
terior is, in the first place, to have the supervision
of the Patent-Office. Allow me to say, that that
is an office which should command the talents, the
time, and the industry of any man among the first
men of this country, to discharge its duties faith-
fully. That is but one of the departments under
the supervision of the Secretary of the Interior.
I find, in the next place, that he has the super-
vision of the General Land-Office—of all our land
system, which is enlarging every year. He has
also the supervision of the accounts of the mar-
shals, clerks of courts,&c., throughout the thirty
States of this Union—a very important portion of
his duties.
In the next place, the office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs is transferred to his care—a
bureau growing every year more important—re-
quiring the highest talent—the most persevering
industry. This officer has duties to perform which'
would be sufficient for a separate department, if it
were deemed advisable to cieate it. I think it is
advisable. The vast tribes of Indians on out-
western frontier, require the supervision of the
Secretary of the Interior, and a careful execution
of the laws, by the President and General Govern-
ment of the country, to avoid unnecessary col-
lision with these savage tribes, which, if not very
carefully and faithfully executed, might involve
large expenditures of the public moneys. This is
very important.
In the next place, I find the office of the Com-
missioner of Pensions is under the supervision of
the Secretary of the interior. He had also the
charge of the taking and making returns of the
census—an important duty now about to be per-
formed. He has also charge of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, of the Peni-
tentiary m the District of Columbia, &c.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it may readily be seen,
that the Secretary of the Interior, with all these
various hureaus—the importance of which we all
acknowledge—has more patronage, more subordi-
nates to supervise and direct, and is a more im-
portant officer, as far as these responsible duties
are concerned, than any man in the Executive
Cabinet. And because he finds himself obliged, in
the discharge of his high public duiies,to make
reforms—to turn out the idlers and loafers, who
are a tax upon the country, and substitute men of
business capacity, and in some degree equalize
the patronage of the Government, as the people
of the United States have a right to expect will be
done—it is because Mr. Ewing has found it
necessary to do this, that we hear these attacks
from various quarters upon him.
Mr. CARTTER, interposing, and the. floor be-
ing yielded for explanation, said, he wished to ask
his colleague [Mr. Taylor] a single question.
Was the reason for the Secretary's requiring addi-
tional clerks, the fact that he had turned out these
loafers and put in smart men?
Mr. TAYLOR. My colleague made some al-
lusion to those who have been turned out, as being
very competent and faithful officers, and to those
who have been appointed as being very incompe-
tent and unfaithful. I have not designed to reflect
upon the gentlemen who have been removed, or Co
compliment those who have been appointed in
their placcs. I have sufficient confidence in the
Executive to believe that those whom he has dis-
placed were incompetent, unfaithful, and unworthy,
and those whom he hits substituted are competent
and worthy, and will meet the just expectation of
those who have placed them theie.
And now one woid to my colleague who socms
very much distressed that these loafeis, as he
terms them, have been appointed. It is very well
known to every member of this House, that not-
withstanding the reforms which have been made
in this department, and in every department of the
Government, the Democratic party have the ma-
jority of the offices now held in Washington. We
hear clamors from the Loco-foco presses through-
out the country, and the charge is rung by Dem-
ocratic members on this floor, and by their stump
speakers, that the biave old hero, and the eminent
citizen statesman, who fills the Presidential chair
has proscribed men for opinions sake, when he has
not e\en equah'/ed the, offices m the departments,
and given a just proportion of them to the Whigs
of the country. 1 say it was his duty to turn out
incompetent, unfaithful men. The people ex-
pected it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and the floor being yielded, said : If f under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,]
he states that the majority of these men in office in
5 Washington city belong to the Democratic party ?
Mr TAYLOR. I am so informed.
Mr. THOMPSON. Upon what authority does
the gentleman state that fact, and how has he
ascertained it? *
Mr. TAYLOR. Does the gentleman deny it.
Mr. THOMPSON. I certainly do deny it.
Mr. TAYLOR. Do you say that there is a ma-
jority of Whigs in office in Washington 3
Mr. THOMPSON. The gentleman asserts
that there is a majority of Democrats in office, in
the city of Washington. 1 desire to know how
he ascertained the fact, and upon what authority?
It is not so.
Mr. TAYLOR. Do you deny it positively ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I do deny it. It is my belief
that it is so.
Mr. TAYLOR. My belief is that it is so; and
as the gentleman has no authority for so stating,
the conclusion of my mind is, that lie admits my
Statement that there is a majority of Democrats in
office in this city. I state that I learn the fact
from gentlemen connected with the Executive
departments, and I ask if any gentleman on the
other side of the House is willing to arise arid
state upon his honor and truth, as a man, that the
Whiirs have now a majority in the pubhe offices
of this city? I hear no reply. I have done with
this subject.
1 say it was the duty of the President or the
United States to make these changcs—these re-
forms; not to proscribe men for political opinions,
but  .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (interpo-
sing ) I wish to set this matter ri<>ht. During
ihe°last Administration, the gentleman and myself
were members of this House. It was then con-
fidently stated in the circles in which I moved,
