1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 26,
organize the system, and not of Ways and Means,
The increase of appropriations for light-houses,
erected since 1846, is $125,041. The increase of ap-
propriation for books ordered by Congress, $2,885.
From these items of increased expenditure are
to be deducted a decrease of appropriation for sur-
veyors general and their clerks of $16,540. And
also the sum of $167,070 for the Post Office De-
partment, which was contained in the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill of 1846, and which
we transferred to the post office bill. Deduct
these two sums, and the increase, under the dif-
ferent heads I have mentioned, is $787,405. Now
1 have already shown, as I have gone along, all of
these additional appropriations were required by
laws of Congress, which the Committee of Ways
and Means couid not disregard, and against nearly
every one of which that has been passed since 1
have been in Congress, I not only voted 5 but active-
ly opposed; and so did the majority of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. And I have urged upon
the proper committees, and on the House, to modi-
fy and reform most of the others. And yet, we are
complained of by some who have voted for many of
thesa laws, for our appropriations required by
them. Gentlemen seem to misunderstand the du-
ties of the Committee of Ways and Means. They
seem to regard us as charged with the whole duty
of legislation. God knows, our duties are oner-
ous and responsible enough, but they do not ex-
tend that far. The title ot our committee precisely
defines us duties. It is the Committee of Ways
and Means. Our duty is to provide the ways and
meaua of carrying into effect existing laws. We
can originate no bills except appropriation bills
and bills to raise money, or bills relating to these
objects. Laws of a different character from these
must originate with other committees.
There has been added to the bill, since we re-
porte-d it, by amendments made here, appropna-
iions to the amount of $522,005. There have
been stricken from it appropriations amounting to
$30,332; of winch $12,207 was stricken fiom it
on my motion. Amount added beyond theamount
etucken out, $491,673 And there was added, of
the $522,005, $198,241 upon motions originating
with the Committee of Ways and Means, which
were required by existing laws; and the balance
was added by the House in opposition to us, and,
to a large extent, by the votes of those who are
complaining of our extravagance.
To recapitulate. The bill, as reported by us,
amounted to $9,709,732. To this add the sums
in the amendments recommended by the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, after deducting those
made of their motion, (viz., $136,034,) arid it
makes our bill, as we would have had it, amount to
^9,895,766- The act of 1846 appropriated $4,151,-
b7i. Difference £5,744,795. Byt new objects of
appropriation provided for in our bill amount to
$5,169,810; and the increase for old objects, made
necessary by law^and over which, as i have
shown, we had no control, amount to $787,405.
Kxciuding these, and our bill is below the act of
1846 £>21U,420, which, 1 am suie, would coverall
tlie jients put in the act of 1846 against the wishes
ot the Committee of Ways and Means of that
year; for it is known that General McKay had
great influence with that Congress, and that it was
very hard to get an appropriation inserted in one !
of his bills against his opposition. There has
been added to this bill beyond the reductions made,
by tne Committee of the Whole against the wishes
of the Committee of Ways and Means, $293,432.
But we have a Whig Administration, and no ma-
jority here to sustain us; and \ do not enjoy the
coniidence of the House to the extent General
Molvay did. It is true, in this estimate I have
made no allowance for amendments to be put on
in toe Senate; but we have put nearly everything
which ought to be in it, and 1 do not anticipate
many amendments in that body. Besides, 1 have
been ypeakinsf of the, bill as it comes from the
Committee of the Whole, without making any de-
ductions lor amendments made by that committee
which the House may reject; and I cannot but
hope that many of them will be rejected by the
House. [f this shall be the case, there will be a
large margin for amendments in the Senate. 1 have
thus snown, Mr. Speaker, that those complaints
whicn have been so industriously made of the
Committee of Ways and Means, have been made
by iho^e who were utterly ignorant of the facts.
Having vindicated the committee over which I
have the honor to preside, I will not detain the
House longer.
The question was taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 97, noes 35.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, which main question was, first, on agreeing
to the amendments adopted in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and then on or-
dering the bill to be engrossed for a third reading,
The SPEAKER. The Chair must insist on
order being preserved whilst the amendments are
acted upon. They will be read by the Clerk. If
any gentleman requires a separate vote on any
amendment, he must give notice of it; and the
Chair asks gentlemen to see at the desk that a
memorandum is made of the notice, so that there
may be no mistakes.
The Clerk then read the amendments, and mem-
bers designated those upon which they desired a
separate vote.
In the course of the reading—
Mr. HARALSON made a point of order, which
was as follows:
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the stare of the Union had repoited to the
House, among other things, r- provision in rela-
tion to certain rooms in the City Hall of Utica.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson]
sjated that in Committee of t he Whole on the state
of the Union, (and the recollection of the Chair
concurred with the gentleman's statement,) the
committee amended this provision by adding
another relating to the court-house at Marietta, in
the State of Georgia. Afterwards the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union struck out
the whole section; and, as a matter of course, the
amendments made m committee were lost, and the
only amendment reported to the House was that
striking out the section. The Chair rules that the
amendment referred to by the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Haralson] was not reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to the House, and that the House has no
knowledge or information concerning them.
Mr. HARALSON was about to make a sug-
gestion to the Chair on the point of order, when
he was interrupted.
Some conversation followed between Messrs
HARALSON, HILLIARD, VINTON, and the
Speaker.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, upon which
separate votes were not asked, were concurred in.
The following amendment of the committee,
upon which Mr. Hall had asked a separate vote,
was concuried in without a division, viz:
<• For carrvinj/ mto tfTuct the international exchanges of
book-- antboiized by the net or' the 30th June, iS 18, entitled
' An act to regulate the exchanges ot ceriain documents and
other publications ot CongiesV §2,(JU0."
The following amendment of the committee
upon which Mr. Meade had asked a separate
vote, was read, viz:
" To enable the Clerk of the Hon«e of Representatives to
furnish and deliver to each of the Meinh, rs and Delegates of
that Houxeof the present Coi^re.-s, who have not already
roceivod tbpin, such books as have been furnished to the
Members ot the 28th, 29th, and 30th Congresses, including
to all Member ami Delegate* of the present Hou^e the res-
idue of Hie 8th volume of'ihe Statutes ot the United States
already published, the 9th volume ot that work, and the in-
dex ; also the collected opinion* of The Attorneys General of
the United Stales, published under the direction ot H. i).
Gilpin, E-q , late Auniney General, and the Finance lie-
ports wiiK'h have bee prepared in obedience to the act of
Congress of May 10, 1*00—^30,0(10: Provided. That this
shairnot authorize the reprinting of any of said book-; and
the Cletk shall, before said book-? are delivered to tile Mem-
bers entitled to receive them, cause each copy to be imu ked
or stamped m some ineffaceable manner on the cover and
mle page with the name of the Member receiving the same:
provided, further, That no vvoik thus authorized to be
furnished *liall be obtained or delivered by the Clerk unless
ne shall be able to procure a sufficient number ot copies
thereof to furmsh a complete set to each Member and Del-
egate entitled thereto."
The question being on concurring with the com-
mittee—
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. BURT asked that the fortieth rule of the
House mi^lit be read.
The rule was read (in part) by the Clerk, as
follows:
" No member shall vote on any question in the result of
which he is immediately and paiticulaily iiiteiested, or in
any case whore he was not within the Imr of the House
when the question was put."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, suggested that
the Speaker should designate the members who
were entitled to vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not the duty of the
Chair to designate the members who are to vote,
or are not to vote, on this or any other question.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the rule preclude the
privilege of members voting on the question of
their per diem and mileage ?
Mr. TOOMBS made a remark, or suggestion,
of which nothing was heard.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that the amendment
contained an appropriation for the eighth volume
of the Statutes of the United States, and two or
three other volumes, to each of the members, in-
cluding1 old as well as new. He would remind the
old members who made the objection, that if the
new members were excluded from voting, the old
members also would be excluded; and thus no one
could vote at all, for all svere interested.
Mr. MEADE said heshould ask leave to vote
on the proposition in order that he might vote
against his own interest
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no rule of
the House by which a gentleman can ask for per-
mission to vote. The act of voting1 is a duty im-
posed on the member, not a meie privilege ac-
corded to him. The rule prescribes that a member
may ask to be excused from voting, but the Chair
is aware of no rule by which a member can ask
permission to vote. And such a motion can'only
be put by unanimous consent.
Messrs. WENT WORTH and ASHE rose to
put inquiries to the Chair; but
Tho SPEAKER said that all these inquiries
were out of order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in—yeas 98, nays 77 ; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews A^he, A>h-
nuiu, Btnneft, Bokt;e, Booth, Bieck, Brigg>s, A. G,
T>iown, Bmrows, Tboma- B. Butler, E. C Cahelf, C\i<-"v,
Chandler, Clarke, Cole, CMnvin, Crowell, Dimmiek, Dis-
ney, Diyoii, Dotv, Duer, Duncan, Eliot, Fowler. Freed
ley, Fuller. Gentrv, Giddmjr*, Could, Green, Hall, fJdllo-
wjy, Hampton, Hav, Hebard, Henry, Holland, Holmes,
Howe, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. Kit) , John A.
Km< , La Skre, Leffier, Lttflefidd, Horace Mann, JobMann,
Matteson, MeKissoek, Robert M. MeLane, F. E. McLean,
Meachatn, Mooie, Morse, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis,
Pea-;}ee, Phoenix. Pitman, Putnam, Reynolds, Root, Boss,
Rum^ev, Sacketf, Sawtelle, Schenc^ Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, F. 1* Stanton, R. H.
Stanton, Strong, Tavlor, J. B. Thompson, Thurman, Un-
derbill, Van Pvke, "YValdpn, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittle-
sev. Wilson, Wood, and Young—98.
NAVS—Messrs. Albertson, liavly, Bi'ngham, Bowie, W.
J. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell. J. P. Cald-
well, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, W. R. W. Cohb, Cnlcoek,
Daniel, Deberry, Dunham, Dnrkee. Edmundsori, Nathan
Evan*!, Ewins, Feather=ton, Fitch, Gerry, Gott, Hamilton,
Hammond, llaml&on, Harlan, lsham G. Harris, Hibbard,
Hilhnrd, Houston, Hubbard. Hunter, Inj e, Joseph W. Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson. Jone*, Julian, Preston King, Mc-
Dowell, McGaujjhev, Mc&iifen, Meade, Million, More-
bead, Morris., Morton. Oir, Outlaw, Owen, Parkei, Peck,
Pbelns, Potter. Richardson, Robluns, Robinson, Rockwell,
F..\age, Seddnn, Shepppid, Sprasjue, Stanly, Stetson,
Swe^teei, Thomas, Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Well-
born, White, Wildrick, Williams, Wilniot, and Wood-
ward—77.
The following amendment, upon which Mr.
Eyans, of Ohio, asked a separate vote, was con-
curred in, viz:
For compensation of surveyor general of Arkansas, per
act of 8th of August, 184fi, $9,(100.
Ihe following amendment, upon which Mr.
Cartter asked a separate vote, was read, viz:
For outfit of charge d'affaires to Portugal, New Gianada,
Guatemala, and Ecuador, $'18,000.
For salary and outfit of chaig6 d'affaires, to Nicaragua.
Mr. McCLERNAND said the last paragraph
of the above was a separate amendment, and
should not be involved in the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES remarked that he intended that the
demand for the yeas and nays should apply to the
whole.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for a division.
The CHAIR said the question was divisible.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the amendment, and it was concurred in—yeas
105, nays 79; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Andrews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie,
Breck, Brigs?, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. 0. Cabell, Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Claike, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Dixon,
Doty, Duer, Durkee, Elliott, Alexander Evany, Nathan
Evan«, Fowler, Fieedley, Fqllci, Gentry, Guiding. Gott,
Gould, H'llowav, Hampton, Hay, Hammond, IJebard.
Henrv, flilhard, Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hun-
ter, J.tmos L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. fCmg, James G.
