1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
K'nff, John A. Kins, Horace Marin, Marshall, Matteeor),
McClemand, Mt-Dowpll, McGaughev, McKissock, Meach-
am, Meade, Moore, Mori-head, Morton, Nel-on, Newell,
Oi  1c, Otis, Outlaw, 0\tfen. Phrentx, Pitman, Putnam. Rey-
nold.-, Rockwell. Root, JRum^ey, Packett, Sehenek, Peher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Rheppeid, Silvester, Spauldiug,
Snrague, Stanlv, Frederick P. Staunton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Tavlor, John B Thompson, Thurm,in, Underbill, Van
J)\ ke, Vinton, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Williams, and
Wil-or —105.
NAYS—Me««r*. Albert®on, A«he, Averett, Bay, Bealr-
Binszham Bi^'ll, Booth, Bowhn, Burt, Joseph Cable,Cart-
ter, VV. R W. Cobb, Dime! Deberrv, Di mmiek, Di>ney,
Dunham. E'hntind*on, Fwing, Feather^ton, Fitch, Gerry
Gr-eii, Halt, Hamilton, Hammond, flaralson, Harlan, I. 6!
Harris, Samp-on W. Harris, Hibbard, Hubbard, Inse,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson
Joni"-. Julian, Pies-on Kins, La Fete, Leffl-r, LiUlefield,
Job M. nn, Mason, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis
E ,\!ef,r>an, Million, Morris, Mor«o, Oir, Parker, Pea-dep
Pwk Phelps Potter, Richard-nn, Robbiim,Roli>nsmi, Ro*s!
P.n\tcl]!\ Scitdon, Stetson, Sfrnn™, Sweeter, Thomas.
J.Trjfa Thomp-on, Vi-nahlf, Walden, Waldo, Wallace;
Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, Wnnd, and
Ynnni;—79.
Mr. BAYLY inquired of the Speaker, if a mo-
tion was made to reconsider the last vote, and the
question was not taken this evening, whether the
question would be the first thin? in order to-mor-
row ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it would be recol-
lected that he had always so decided.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move a reconsideration
of the vote, arid move that the House now adjourn.
He, h owever, waived the motion at the sugges-
tion of—
Mr. PRESTONKING, to whom,by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House, of the papers n the case of
Lawrence Lawyer, for the purpose of reference in
the Senate.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the case
John Julian, for the purpose of reference to oneof
the executive departments.
On motion by Mr. HOWE, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of
William Roberts, for the -purpose of reference to
one of the executive departments.
On motion by Mr. WALDEN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal from
the files of th*Ho use of the papeis in the c-ise of
Ursula E. Cobb,*for the purpose of reference to
oir1 of the executive departments.
On motion by Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous
consent, l*ave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of Wat-
son, Chabot & Co., for the purpose of reference to
one of the executive departments.
Mr. BAYLY further waived h is motion to ad-
journ, to
Mr. JONES, who asked that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to offer the following reso-
lution, viz:
RcolveJ, That the Speaker of this House cause to be pro-
cured and placed in the front ot the Olei kV desk, two suit- j
able seats for the use of the Congressional Globe reporters,
and pay for the same out of the contingent fund of the
II >use.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. WOODWARD suggested the propriety of
so modifying the resolution as to strike out the
words "Congressional Globe reporters," and to
insert " the reporters of the House."
Mr. JONES moved the previous question-
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the whole subject
on the table. Pending action on the above,
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved that the
House adjourn*, which motion, on a count by tel-
lers, was carried in the affirmative—ayes 96,
noes 42
Mr. DOTY demanded the yeas and nays They
were not ordered.
The House then adjourned till to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to th§ ap-
propriate committees:
Ry Mr. SEDDON : The petition of J*r>hn R. Triplett &.
Pons and manv otheis, merchants and manufacturers of
Richmond, Virginia, and its vicinity, praying the, impo-ition
ul vpecinc'dtiui's on coal and iron, or Mich other remedial
leeisdatiori a* may save the coal and iron interests from the
nun alleged to be impending from the operation of the act
or 1846.
Bv Mr. THURMAN: The petition of Charles M. Watson
and 250 others, citizens of Clinton and Esstx counties, New
York, praying a modification ot the levenue law ot 2846,
so as to give greater protection to domestic industry and
impose specific dunes.
By Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia: The memorial of the
Georgia Exporting Company, praying the aid ot Government
in the establishment of a line of steamers between Savan-
nah arid Liverpool, to carry the mails, &c.
Ry Mr. KING, of New Jersey: Ten memorial* from citi-
zens of New York, for providing bv law for protection of
human life on board of steamers, by life-preservers and life-
boats, in sufficient number.
The following is the resolution offered by Mr.
SwEETRERafew days ago, which was ruled out of
order:
Resolved. Tbat the Secretary of the Treasury he requested
to communicate to this House the amount of money paid
out of the Treasury a* iniere-t upon the claim, commonly
called the Gaiphin claim ; and also the several sums, ifanv,
paid out of the Treasury as interest upon other claim*,
und> r the. opinions of the Attorney General since the 4th
March last.
Resolved, That the Committee of Wavs and Mean* be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending the
pavment ofintere«t upon claims, the ptincipal of which has
beea-heietofore paid, and upon all other claims not specially
piovided for, until Congress shall otherwise provide by law.
IN SENATE,
Movhat, JJugust 26,1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, made iu compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 23d ultimo, calling for " all the
c information in the department relative to the
{ condition of the swamp lands of Louisiana, with
* copies of any reports that may have been recently
* made on the subject," covering a communication
from the General Land Office containing' all the
required information.
On motion bv Mr. DOWNS,
Ordered, That the communication he on the table and be
printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted additional documents
and evidence in relation to the claim of 0. M.
Hitchcock, executor'of R. S. Hunter, deceased, ■
which, with the memorial and documents on the !
files of the Senate, were referred to the Committee 1
on Indian Affairs. |
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of;
citizens of Washington, in the District of Colum- :
hia, asking that the judicial system of the same
may be reorganized: which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also submitted documents relating to the
claim of Rhoda Fri^bee, widow of a revolutionary
soldier, asking a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. |
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In- j
dian Affairs, to which was referred the subject of j
the claim upon the United States by a portion of
the followers and friends of the lateGeneral Mcin-
tosh, of the Creek tribe of Indians, submitted a
report in writing, which was ordered fo be printed,
recommending an appropriation of $-39,901 67 as
the balance in full of all demands under the ninth
article of the treaty of 1826
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
L^nds, to which was referred House bill No. 244,
being the bill granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
mibtarv service of the United States, reported
back the same with sundry amendments, which
were ordered to be printed; and the bill was made
the special order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution, I
which was considered by unanimous consent, and ;
agreed to: \
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in- !
^tructcd to inquire into the expediency of icmuncratina: j
George Berrv. of Lee countv, Iowa, for the lose of a hor*e !
stolen from him by Indians in Iowa, whilst executing a dis- j
trict of surveying of the public hinds. '
Mr. DODGK, of Wisconsin, submitted the fo!- '
lowing; resolution, which was considered by unani- I
mous consent, and agreed to: 1
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed ll
to examine and report on the propriety of allowing a pen- ,!
sion to Fmilie Hooe, of Prairie dn Ciuen, widow ot Brevet j
Major Alexander Seymour Ilooe, in consideration of the en- '<'
tire lo«s of hi« right arm by a cannon shot in the battle of !
Re«;\ca de la Palma, M the commencement of the late war i'
with Mexico, ami of his consequent melancholy death in j!
December, 1817, while he was in command at Baton Rouge, j j
in Louismna,and as is generallv believed, a result ccea- jj
sioncd by the effect of that wound. ■'
Mr. JONES. I desire to submit certain papers
and documents in relation to the claim of Mrs.
Hooe, which 1 wish may have the same reference
with the resolution just adopted.
The documents were referred accordingly.
THE PATENT LAWS.
On the motion of Mr. TURNEY, the bill to
amend " An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts" was taken up and made the special
order'for Wednesday next, nt twelve o'clock.
REFUNDING DUTIES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the consent
of the Senate to take up bill 261, which is a bill
for therehef of the " West Feliciana railroad com-
pany. "
There being no objection, the bill was read, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill was reported by the
Committee on Finance. It includes two classes of
raihoad iron. A portion of it was lost in a steam-
boat, as stated in the bill, and the other portion
was laid down within a very short period of the
time required by law that it should be laid down,
in order to entitle the importers to the drawback.
The reason why it was not ail laid down within
the time limited, was on account of the opposition
of one of the persons through whose place the
road was to pass. The whole operations were
conducted in good faith, in manifestation of which
they paid the duty on the iron without objection.
Mr. DICKINSON. This bill had entirely es-
caped from my mind; and now that if is called up
by the Senator from Mississippi, I will state that
the Committee on Finance have no doubt that this
case comes withm the spirit of the law in regard
to the refunding duties on railroad iron. I hope
the hill will pass.
There being no amendment, the bill was reported
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
I The bill to provide for the more effectual execu-
tion of the third clause of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution of the United
! States came up on its third reading, and having
; been read a third time, the question was upon its
; passage.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, having eon-
i sented not to vote on this bill, to enable my col-
i league, who is opposed to if, to be absent a few
| days to recover his health, I deem it proper to
j state my opinions concerning if.
; The act of 1793,providing for the restoration of
! fugitive slaves under the Constitution, would, in
I my judgment, have answered the purposes for
i whic^it was designed, if it had been fairly con-
! strued and faithfully executed. And, although
! we may obviate Rome defects which expeuence
has detected, and add to its force by prescribing
: penalties for resisting its mandates, yet, as the
! whole difficulty has rested in a neglect to comply
j with a plain provision of the Constitution, the
! remedy will be sooner found, if sought, incuifiva-
I tinga sound state of public feeling and consfitu-
; ttonal obligation, among the people of the free
I States, by Executive recommendations and State
! legislation, than in multiplying penal enactments
I by Congress. The passage of a bill with suitable
provisions will do much good, but its discussion
here, going out as it will to the people of the
States, will do much more; for it will turn public
attention back from the contemplation of a spu-
rious philanthropy, and more spurious morality,
to the allegiance which all owe and all good citi-
zens acknowledge to the Constitution and laws of
their country.
In entering into a common compact, the several
States of the Union solemnly covcnonttd with
each other to restore fugitives from justice and
from service, and these provisions are too plainly
written in the Constitution to be mistaken or dis-
regarded with impunity.
The Constitution, article fourth, second subdi-
vision of the second section, relating to fugitives
from justice, is as follows:
" A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
other eilme, who shall flee fiorn justice and be found m
another State, shall, on demand of the Executive authority
of the State from which he fled, be delivered up■, to be re-
moved to theState having jurisdiction of the crime."
The third subdivision of the same section, rela-
ting to fugitives from service, is as follows:
" No person held to service or labor in one State, uride
