566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
rather not to give it to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, but to continue it in the hands of this board.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would ask
the honorable Senator from New York what ad-
vantage there would be in transferring it from the
Secretary of the Interior to the census board ?
Mr. DICKINSON. I think the section of
country from which the Senator and myself comes,
justifies me in answering his question by putting
to him another: of what particular advantage will it
be to take from the census board the control of
this matter? I am of the opinion that this Depart-
ment of the Interior will be abated before this ses-
sion is over
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) Abolished.
Mr. DICKINSON. No, sir ; abated is the
word; and it appears to me, therefore, that there
is no fitness or propriety in transferring the con-
trol of this matter to that department. It is now
in the hands of this board. They have printed
papers in relation to it, and they must have be-
come more or less conversant with the business.
I hold, therefore, that it is fit and proper that the
census board, having been created for this pur-
pose, should continue to have the control of the
subject. In the formation of the census board, we
have three departments of the Government com-
bined; and though I may not have assented to the
raising of the board, since it has been raised—
since it has been upward of a year engaged in the
work—I hope it will be continued by them to the
close.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the inquiry of the
Senator from New York, and in a manner which I
think will be satisfactory to him. 1 believe it has
been the practice, from the organization of this
Government down to the present time, to intrust
the execution of the census to the Secretary of
State. Up to the last spring, there was no such
department as that of the Department of the Inte-
rior in existence. At that period the department
was created, and certain duties were assigned to it,
and among other things was this matter of the
census. The committee, therefore, felt it to be
their doty to carry out*the design which the law
itself contemplated. It was pait of the original
arrangement, made when the department was es-
tablished, to transfer this duly to that department
of the Government. Now, it seems to me that if
it remains Ihere, it can be carried forward much
more correctly and conveniently; and theie is no
other department into whose hands it can be so
judiciously referred. By that department, the sys-
tem which has hitherto been proceeded upon, will
be carried out. That is all. The duties are, in
fact, transferied by law, from tiie Secretary of
State to the Secretary of the Interior, and go to
him with the oigamzation of the department; and
it is very manifest that it will be an inconvenient
labor to impose upon these tiiree gentlemen—tiie
heads of the thiee depaitments—and that respon-
sibility will devolve upon nobody. The depart-
ments are not organized to meet such a state of
things ; and if the Senator is desirous of having
this work carried on in the way in which it should
be, I think he will allow it to remain where it is at
present. The Senator says that the depaitment
will be abated. I do not know how that may be;
but if it should he the will of Congress to abolish
it, Congress will of course provide for the transfer
of this duty to some proper and suitable quarter.
I hope, then, under the circumstances, that the mo-
tion of the Senator from New York will not be
adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 do not intend to question
the pi opnety of bringing m a bill of this sort; but
that (foes not impose upon us the necessity of
passing it in the form m which it is presented :
here. The fact that we created the Department
of the Intenor, and that it contemplates taking
under us jurisdiction the duties of this census
board, IS no good reason that these duties should
be thus placed in the hands of that department, j
The law prescribing us range of duties is no:, like
that of the Medes and Persians, unalterable. I !
wish to overrule that law, so far as the commit- 1
ment of these duties is concerned. I prefer that j
they should be performed by the census board, !j
because I believe they will more efficiently dis- I
charge them, than if left to the care of any one of I
the departments. The bill creating the "Depart- j
ment of the Interior, it will be remembered, was i
passed almost without discussion; and the mere
fact that these duties were assigned to that depart- ij
ment, under that bill, is not sufficient to satisfy me
that it is proper that the Secretaiy of the Interior
should retain control over the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I appeal to my honor-
able friend from New York, to know whether the
remaining duties of this boaid are of sufficient
consequence to deprive the three departments of
the Government of their heads, to assemble from
time to time to consult in regaid to the manage-
ment of the business ? It seems to me that, after
legislation upon the subject, the remaining duties
to be performed are of so practical a character,
that it is wholly unnecessary to trouble the heads
of the three departments with them. I hope,
therefore, that the Senator will allow it to remain
as it is; and if we repeal the law establishing
the Department of the Interior, in the repealing
act it can, by a word, be declared whether the
completion of this business shall go to any of the
other departments of the Government. Now, I
think that, inasmuch as the work is nearly com-
pleted, we need not trouble the thiee heads of the
departments with it.
Mr. DICKINSON. One word further. I act on
the principle that, if it is going to tiouble three
heads of departments much, it must be exceedingly
troublesome to one, unless we reveise the old max-
im, and say that one head is better than three. The
duties devolving upon the board, under the act by
which it was constituted, are nearly completed, it is
true; but it is for Congress to determine to what ex-
tent they shall continue to act. Now, I propose to
set the question at rest, by declaring that the board
shall continue to have the control of the mattei
until the woik is completed. The board has a
secretary, and if they meet two or three times a
week, it will be sufficient; for their duties will be
merely supervisory, and they will in no way in-
terfere with the other duties belonging to those
departments. This Department of the Interior has
already swallowed up the duties of the Secretary
of War. In time of peace, he has no longer any
thing to do, as I am informed. I am opposed to
taking away everything from the other depart-
ments, and giving it to the Depaitment of the In-
terior, making that department oveishatlow and
supersede all the others. There are many objec-
tions that might be uiged against assigning these
duties to this one officer, but 1 know of no good
reason against giving them to the census board,
except that it will withdraw their attention to that
extent from their other duties; and I do not think
their other duties are so exceedingly onerous that
they cannot take the supervision of this matter,
especially as it will last but a few months, and
give us the advantage of the wisdom and uiscretion
of three gentlemen, instead of one.
Mr. BUTLER. There aie many things that
may be bettei done by one than by three. In regard
to the duties that devolve upon the board, I take it
for granted they aie rot likely to consult—they are
duties altogether foreign to any department of
the Government—it is a special jurisdiction. The
only way to make a department responsible is, to
give to it appropriate duties. The gentlemen
composing the board ha\echaigeof different de-
partments, while the control of tins matter belongs
properly to one ; and it does seem to me that it can
be better conducted by one than by three. If the
Secretary of the Department of the Interior has
any subject more appropriately than another under
his jurisdiction, it seems to me it is exactly such
a subject as this. Now, if an act should be passed,
abolishing the Department of the Interior, that act
will necessarily provide that these duties shall de-
volve upon some other department—perhaps the
Department of State; but I believe that a business
of this kind requires entirety of design, and that it
cannot be conducted as well by three as by one.
Mr. HUNTER, i have no doubt that the
business may be performed, either by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, or by the census board, and
that it can be as well performed by one as by the
other; but we have a bill pending here, which I
have introduced, for the abolition of the Home i
Department. I know not whether it will be passed j
or not. 1 hope it will receive the sanction of both
houses of Congress, for I regarded it with appre-
hension at the time it was created; but, so far as
this question is concerned, it seems to me to be
entirely a question of patronage. I have no doubt
that either the census board or the Secretary of
the Interior could discharge the duties, but 1 would
sooner confide those duties to the board than the
Secretary of the Interior, and for* that reason I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. SHIELDS. I take the liberty of slating,
for the information of my friend from New York,
one thing which, perhaps, may have escaped his
notice—it is this, that when the duties, formerly
peiformed by the Secretary of State, were trans-
ferred from his department to this new depaitment,
all the machinery appertaining to those duties was
transferred with them, and that there is in the De-
partment of the Interior, as in eveiy other depart-
ment, a particular bureau for the conduct, and
management, and superintendence of each of those
matters which appropriately belong to the depart-
ment. The Department of the Interior has a
special bureau for the control and management of
this particular matter, with a clerk or clerks, as
the case may be, well qualified to attend to it.
This subject, then, was transferred to the Secretary
of the Interior at the same time its other duties
were transferred; and if you take it away from
him, and give it to this board, embracing these
three heads of departments, you must authorize
them to establish something in the way of new
machinery to carry the work on. So far as my
expeiience on this point goes, I must say I am
rather for abolishing the board of census, and
getting rid of the secretary of the board, so far as
this duty is concerned; because, as every gentle-
man on this floor must see, our chairman and the
secretary have been at variance almost ever since
the origin of this bill. And now, sir, as it is a
question between the chairman of the committee
of the Senate and the secretary of the census
board, I must say that I prefer, for one, to stand by
our committee, rather than the secretary of the
board. It is a question to be determined here,
whether that secretary is to control the decision of
the Senate, or the committee appointed by the
Senate itself. I have no doubt the secretary is a
very excellent and a very worthy man, in his way;
but I know when he appeared before our com-
mittee, he appeared to think that the committee had
no power whatever to interfere with the power
that had been delegated to him The committee
could not revise, review, or correct any of the
propositions he made; and so far as that question
is concerned, I wish to get lid of the census board.
But, sir, independently of that,l have had some
experience in these departments, and I know, if
you transfer this matter to these three gentlemen,
as has been well said by the Senator from South
Caiolma, one of them must attend to the business.
You must fix the responsibility somewhere, in
order to have the business properly attended to.
Besides, sir, by taking this business away from
the Department of the Intenor, you will leave (he
paiticular bureau of that department, to which it
was assigned, unemployed. In mentioning this, I
would say to my honorable friend from New Yoik,
that I am not disposed to give that department any
more power than he desires to give it; but I can-
not but think it a much wiser disposal of ihia
question, to leave it to the Department of the Inte-
rior.
Mr. DICKINSON. It has not escaped me, that
some of these duties, which have been transferred
to the Department of the Interior, have been trans-
fered by the express language of the statute ; but
I imagine that the honorable Senator from Illinois
is mistaken in regard to the fact, that there has been
a bureau established expressly for the purpose of
looking into this matter. On the contrary, al-
though it is not strictly parliamentary to allude to
the proceedings of the other house, it appears that
in the Department of the Intenor clerks have been
employed beyond the number allowed by law, and
that department is now seeking compensation for
those clerks thus employed without authority of
law, and one bianch of Congress is now discus-
sing the question whether they shall be paid or
not. So far, then, from the Secretary of the Interior
liavine a bureau of clerks ready fortius business,
he has been obliged to employ clerks to transact the
business of the department without authority of
law.
Iri regard to this subject of patronage, I have no
sympathy with it; I do not know anything about
it. An to the secretary of the board of census, I
do not know him; and I have never conversed
with any member of the board upon the subject.
I am neither standing hy the committee nor hy
the census board, but by what 1 conceive to be tiie
