568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
then multiply the nine hundred by the seventy-six,
and you have sixty-eight thousand four hundred.
That will embrace the largest and most populous
counties in ihe New England States, and in the
most densely populated parts of the United States.
Well, sir, at $2 per hundred, which is the rate of
compensation proposed by this bill, it would give
you $1,368 for taking the census and enumerating
the inhabitants in a county of that size, and that
number to the square mile." Well, now, suppose,
instead of seventy-six to the square mile, you take
seventy-four to the square mile, and you get a
different grade of compensation. How will that,
on calculation, present itself? Multiply nine hun-
dred by seventy-four, and you will get sixty-six
thousand six hundred, and the compensation for
this is to be 50 per hundred; that will give you
$i,G65 as compensation for the marshal. Thus
the marshal, who does the least work, gets $297
more than the other.
Mr. DAWSON. That does not follow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It does follow, under
your bill, by mathematical demonstration. I will
repeat it again, because there is no possibility of
evading it. According to ihis bill, in all districts
that have a population of more than seventy-five
to the square mile, the marshal is to be paid for the
enumeration $2 per hundred. Take then a county
containing nine hundred square miles, and seventy-
six inhabitants to the square mile, and the com-
pensation will be$l,3G8; then the bill says that if
there be less than seventy-five inhabitants to the
square mile—and seventy-four is less—the mar-
shal shall receive $2 50 per hundred. So that in a
district of the same extent, but with less popula-
tion, and therefore less work, the marshal would
get $297 more than the man who has more work
to do. Well, sir, then try it upon a smaller coun-
ty; take twenty miles square, and you have four
hundred square miles; multiply that by seventy-
six, and you have a population of thirty thou-
sand four hundred *, multiply that aj>ain by £i2,
which is the rate of compensation, and you have
$008. Take another county with eeventy-four to
th«' square mile, and gc^through the same process,
and you will find that the man doing the least
work gets $132 more than the man who does the
most work.
Well, sir, I went on with these calculations,
and 1 took different grades, for I wanted to show
the monstrous injustice and inequality of the bill.
1 took nine hundred square miles and multiplied
it by foity-nine, which constitutes, being less than
fifty, another grade of compensation, and the le-
suit was a population of forty-four thousand one 11
hundred; and for this you pay $3 pr-r hundred— ji
so that you have $1,323 for this man's compensa- ,!
tion. Thus it appears that the man, who euunier- j
ates forty-four thousand one hundred people, may j|
receive within $45 of the compensation of the man ;l
who has enumerated sixty-eight thousand four !|
hundred people, in an equal extent of temtnry. |j
brother words, sir, relatively, you only allow in j;
this ease $45 for enumerating twenty-four thou-
sand thiee hundjed people, without regarding i,
the additional tuwel which theman lias to undergo !'
in enumerating the dense population more than \>
he would perform, in the same extent of tern-
tory, if the population were sparse. 1 put the l!
same lule down to the twenty-mile square, and I 1
find that the result of it is that the man who takes |
the population where there are only forty-nine to !'
the square mile, gets within $20 as much pay as ■'
the man who takes the population m a country
twenty milesquaie with seventy-six_to the square
mile. In other words, $20 is to pay for enumera- ,
ung ten thousand eight hundred persons; or rather
relatively, less than two mills per head is to pay
for enumerating these ten thousand eight hundred :
persons, when the lull allows, as the lowest com-
pensation, one and a half rents per head for
enumerating the population of the most crowded
cities.
But, sir, I did not half stop here in my calcula-
tions. I took this table from beginning to end, and
ail the jumps which it makes in itss compensa-
tion, just work precisely in this w<ty; and it is ut-
terly impossible to prevent it, under any such sys-
tem of compensation as this. Before f presented
my rule to the committee, I took up the compen-
sation of the States, according to their square
miles, and the population to the square mife, in
the different States, and 1 find that the greatest in-
equality existed under the last census; but I will
not go into it. Here is a plain statement to any
mathematical mind, beyond the possibility of be-
ing questioned. The rule proposed, must work
exactly as I have shown it, and it is utterly im-
possible to prevent it.
Well, having found out these inequalities, so
perfectly manifest, I set myself to work to find
out if there was any rule to prevent it, and to
combine the time consumed in taking the enumer-
ation of the population with the travel the man
must undergo in order to get the persons before
him; and 1 have, I think, made a rule which
works as mathematically certain, in every state of
the case, as that two and two make four; and that
does justice to everybody. Now, sir, if the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] will be kind
enough to listen, I will present a very plain case,
which illustrates the whole:
Suppose there are four square miles—that will
be two miles each way square; this is the sim-
plest case we can consider, and when we consider
it, it applies to millions of square miles just as
well as to four. Now suppose there are four
families on these four square miles, and only four
families; if you have these four families located
about the centre of each of these square miles,
you will just have to travel four miles to get at
each of tfieir houses. Begin at the centre of one
square mile, and go to the centre of the other,
and you have one mile; travel to the centre of the
other two miles, and then back to the point from
which you started, and you have four miles.
These four miles take you through the whole
square miles, and you have got to the whole four
families. Then, sir, if you will take the square
root of the square miles, being two, and the square
root of the families, being two more, and multi-
ply one by the other, it makes four—the number
of miles you travel. Now, you may extend that
to ten million of acres, or ten million of square
miles, and if you will dot families equally over the
whole, it will give you the precise number of
miles the census-taker or deputy marshal has to
travel, to get at each family. If, therefoie, the
families could be located in exact mathematical
and regular order, so as to be placed the same dis-
tance apart, the rule would work with actual
mathematical precision, and give you the precise
number of miles which the census-taker would
travel.
The next question that came up was, knowing
that they were not scattered over the country with
that mathematical exactness—knowing that the
families were not placed, if there was but one to
the square mile, exactly in the centre of each
square mile—knowing that that was not the case—
the next question for consideration was, whether,
m then dispersion over the country, they were
spiinkled with sufficient equality m all parts of the
country to justify the assumption of this rule.
The committee, upon reflection, thought that it
would justify the assumption of the rule, because,
if it d.d not work exactly coirect, the difference
would be m behalf of the marshals. Letmepiove
to you that it would benefit the census-taker,
if the people were not scattered over the country
with the precise mathematical exactness which
1 have supposed, ft will benefit the census-taker
a little, and a very little; and 1 will show you
exactly how far it would benefit the census-
taker; and when you come to look at it, I
thmk you will see that it is sufficiently accurate
to make the rule. Suppose you have the corn
in your field planted in rows—then, if you begin
to travel along your rows of corn, you know pre-
cisely the distance you have to travel between
each cornstalk. So, if families are placed with
the same regularity in which the cornstalks grow,
you know precisely the number of miles you have
to travel between each; but it, in the upper part of
the country, they are thinly scattered, and ail of
them congregattd in the lower part, the census-
taker uill have less distance to travel, to get the
population of that country, than he would if they
weie scatteied over the whole surface, with the
mathematical precision that I have stated. But it
is not a matter of very much concern to the Senate
and House of Representatives, whether the census-
taker makes a few picayunes or a few dollars by
the people being congregated upon this creek, or
upon that corner of rich'land, in the county—by
their being congregated in one particular neighbor-
hood, irisiead of* being plastered over with equal
smoothness everywhere. That is the whole ot it.
If, as I have stated, the families were placed in
equal numbers upon each square mile, the rule
would be perfectly accurate m every particular.
The provisions of this bill require that she mar-
shal shall report the number of stjuaie miles in each
district, and the number of families residing in
the district. You have, therefore, the elements
of applying the rule with perfect precision,
and the only possible injustice is, that where the
population may be more congregated in one part
of a county than another, the poor census-taker
gets a little advantage; and the committee were
willing to give that advantage, supposing the popu-
lation sufficiently spread over the counties to make
the rule a just one.
Mr. YULEK. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him why any new principle has been adopted
in regaid to the compensation of these marshals?
i have referred to the acts providing for the taking
of the census of 1830 and 1840, and I think that
this is altogether a novel compensation for these
services—certainly 1 can find no provision m any
former act for the payment of mileage to thes®
officers.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will answer my friend
from Florida with a great deal of pleasure. The
former acts, as 1 have already stated, compute the
compensation under the combined rule of square
miles, and population to the square mile. Of
course, under all therules of compensation hereto-
fore prevailing, they have endeavored to make it
from these two elements. The number of miles
that have to be tiaveled is blended in these
former acts of Congiess, and connected wnh the
extent of population to the square mile. A terri-
tory of four hundred square miles, for instance,
or twenty miles square, supposing there be two
thousand families, would give five families in
a square mile. Now, to reach all these fami-
lies by travelling over the country, you would have
to travel more miles than if there was but one
family to each square mile, and if there was but
one family to each five square miles, it would di-
minish the distance to be traveled. The rule of
computation has been, to combine the travel over
the country and the time consumed in taking the
census, in something like a computation table, such
as the Senator from Georgia has presented, it is
an unjust rule every way, as I have shown, and
the question is, whether the evil cannot be obviated
by combining these elements with something like
mathematical precision. It can be done if we take
the square root of the number of families, and the
square root of the square miles, and multiply
them one into the other.
I do not know that I can make this matter
plainer, but any Senator has only to make a dia-
gram for himself, as I have stated, and take four
square miles, and locate four families upon e,uch
square mile. There is the whole element oi the
calculation, and it can be worked out in its appli-
cation to a million of square miles, if necessary.
it has been suggested, that the marshals will not
understand this mode of computation. 1 do not care,
if they do not. It is not desirable that they should,
because thev are not to fix their own compensa-
tion. They are to report the number of families,
and the number of square miles in the territory;
and when they have made their report, the Secre-
tary of the Interior can at once ascertain, by this
lule, what is due to them, and compensate them
accordingly.
Mr. COOPER. Suppose that he has one hun-
dred families to one square mile, what will be his
compensation ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The case is very pK-un.
If you take one hundred families, and put them
on one square mile, and dot them equally over the
suiface, you have but to multiply the square root
of the hundred families by the square root of one
mile; and you will find, when you take the cen-
sus, that you have to travel more than a mile to
go to the families on it. The j uie is just as appli-
cable to one mile, as to five thousand; and if you
Mill take the trouble of making a diagram, and
irouig mro the calculation, you will find it so.
You will perceive, in a case of that sort, if you
have a hundred families, that the census-taker ha<j
ro go back arid forwaid across this mile fourteen or
fifteen times, and he may tiavel as many miles in
going to the houses on that square mile.
Mr. COOPER. How will it be in cities where
they may be all on one square?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Cities may be excepted,
