570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
all practicable dispatch. I saw that the effect of
that measure would be necessarily to postpone the
business, and I objected to it on that ground, and
on that ground alone. The gentleman who drew
this hill, says he was following out suggestions of
mine. He was not in my employ. He need not
have gone to my speeches of the last session to
find a guide. He was in the employ of the cen-
sus board; and it would have been better if he had
looked to.them for direction, than to my speeches.
I now renew the motion to adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 21, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BURT rose and insisted on the regular or-
der of business.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER stated, that the business first in
order was the resolution offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] providing
that all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the bill to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the residue of the fiscal
year, ending the 30th of June, 1850, should ter-
minate this day, at two o'clock, unless the com-
mittee should sootier come to a decision thereon;
[pending the question on the adoption of which
resolution, the House had adjourned;]
And the question now recurring on the adoption
of the resolution,
Mr. BURT moved to amend it by striking out
the hour of " two," and inserting " three."
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the adoption uf the resolution, and was decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted, and the House
decided that all debate on the said bill should ter-
minate this day at two o'clock.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, in the
Chair.)
CONVENTION WITH BRAZIL. '
The CHAIRMAN stated that he had been in-
formed there was a special order set apart for this
day.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the commit-
tee proceed to the consideration of the said special
order.
The title of the bill (fiom the Senate) was read
as " An act to cany into cffect the convention
between the United States and the Emperor of
BimziI, of 27th January, 1849."
And the committee thereupon proceeded to the
coiiMderation of the said bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he hoped no objec-
tion would be made to this bill. There were pru-
dential considerations which required the imme-
diate passage of the act. It had been reported
with entire unanimity by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. He moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, and the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Bayly] could then proceed with his deficiency
bill.
Mr. INGE said he would like to hear the bill
read.
The bill was accordingly read through.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that no explanations
of this bill were lequisite—it would explain itself,
ft was di\4wn according to the form usually adopt-
ed for bills, to carry into effect conventions with
foreign Government; and, as he had said before,
there were prudential considerations which en-
forced the necessity of its speedy passage.
No objection having been made,
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
[This bill, as explained by Mr. McClernand,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
embraces the following object: It is designed to
carry into effect the convention between this and
the Government of Brazil, concluded on the 27th
day of January, 1849, through the agency of our
worthy minister at the court of Brazil, (Mr. Todd.)
Under the convention, the Government of Brazil
is engaged to pay to the Government of the United
States the sum of 530,000 millreas, current money
of Brazil, and with six per cent, interest from the
first day of last July, in full discharge and satis-
faction of all the claims preferred by citizens of
the United States, being the subject of the ar-
rangement. These claims arise upon a variety of
grounds, originating with the Brazilian Govern-
ment—most of them probably near a quarter of a
century ago—and fall within different classifica-
tions. The object of the bill is to enable these
claimants, after long and injurious delay, to estab-
lish their claims, and to obtain indemnity, in whole
or in part, according to the sufficiency of the fund.
For this purpose, the bill authorizes a commission,
to be composed of a commissioner, with a clerk,
to be appointed by the President and Senate. It
will be the duty of the commission to give notice,
and proceed, without delay, to hear the proofs of
the claimants, and adjudicate their claims upon the
principles of justice and equity, and consistently
with the laws of nations and the provisions of
the convention, and to deliver a list of the
awards that may be made, to the Secretary of
State, within one year after the date of the com-
mission, when it is to expire. The Secretary of
Siate will also be required to furnish a certified
copy of the awards to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whose duty it will be to pay the awards, in
whole or ratably, according to the sufficiency of
the fund. Upon the expiration of the commission,
all the papers relating to the claims are to be de-
posited in the State Department. Such is the
outline and substance of the bill. It is not a bill
having for its object the expenditure of the public
money, but to get and distribute a sum of money
among those of our citizens who look to us for the
performance of this duty. Prudential considera-
tions, affecting the future availability of the fund,
enforce the speedy passage of the bill.]
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. BAYLY, the committee re-
sumed the consideration of the bill " to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30tb of June, 1850."
The state of the question was as follows:
The following item being yesterday under con-
sideration,
" For the salary of the chief clerk in the office
of the Secretary of the Interior, from the 9th
March, 1849, to the 30th June, 1850, at the rate of
$2,000 per annum, $.2,719 17;"
Which item Mr. Hampton had moved to amend
ss follows:
Strike out the above paragraph and insert the
following: " For salaries of chief clerk and other
clerks in the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
from the 9th of March, 1849, to the 30th of June,
1850, the sum of §il4>563 32."
Mr. CROWELL was entitled to the floor.
He expressed himself in favor of the proposed
amendment, on the ground that as he considered
the Secretary of the Interior was warranted in
calling to his assistance the extra force, not
provided for by law, to enable him to perform the
important duties imposed upon him, by the law
establishing the department, instead of it being
an act of usurpation, it was his imperative duty
o employ these clerks. Formerly, in the defi-
ciency bills, every cent called lor had been award-
ed. In the last Congress, the Whigs upon this
floor, and in the other branch of Congress, had
responded to all calls of this nature, made upon
them by the late Administration, and voted mil-
lions of dollars to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the various departments. This
was the first time that a Secretary, (or calling
around him a sufficient force to transact the indis-
pensable business of the bureaus of his depart-
ment, which he was required to see transacted, but
the clerical force to peiform which Congress had
omitted to furnish, had been denounced as an
usurper. During the late Administiation, why
had not the Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Vinton-,] recommended a similar
course of conduct, pending deficiency bills?
Mr. BAYLY asked of the gentleman from Ohio,
when he (Mr. B.) had voted for any appropria-
tions legalizing and sanctioning conduct on the
part of the former heads of any of the Executive
departments, similar to that now complained of on
the part of the Secretary of the Interior ?
Mr. CROW ELL replied that the gentleman had
not, as he (Mr. C.) knew, interposed any objec-
tion, when the last deficiency bill was passed.
His impression was, that the gentleman had voted
to make up deficiencies for the salaries of clerks,
at the last and preceding sessions, and had not
characterized the late Democratic Secretary of the
Treasury as guilty of usurpation.
My colleague, (said Mr. C.,) from the Stark and
Wayne districts, [Mr. Cartter,] has been pleased
to denounce the Secretary of the Interior in no
measured terms, and apply to him opprobious and
reproachful-epithets; and not content with ex-
hausting his own ample vocabulary of billingsgate,
he has laid under contribution the Washington
Union, and has sought to drag forth from the
gutter, and to make respectable, by his own en-
dorsement, the low, malignant, arid cast-off libels
of that loathsome sheet. It remains to be seen
whether he has power to do it. His disposition
to do so, no one can doubt, after what has hap-
pened.
That paper, I am aware, is held up as the sole
organ of my colleague's party, and its senior
editor is the patron saint of the Democracy. I do
no', blame my colleague, therefore, for any act of
devotion he may perform, in his presence, or any
demonstrations of reverence he may make toward
the aged patriarch, provided he performs them in
secret. He is the embodiment of the resolutions
of 1798, and the personification of Virginia ab-
stractions.
He proceeded to say, that he held in his hand
a list of the deficiency bills, passed under Mr.
Polk's administration, from which it appeared, that
at the first session of the twenty-ninth Cougiess
$1,700,914 99, and at the second session of the
twenty-ninth Congress $7,618,307 88, were ap-
propriated to supply deficiencies asked for in the
several Executive departments. At the first ses-
sion of the thirtieth Congress, the deficiencies
were not counted by thousands, but by mil-
lions—having amounted to the monstrous sum of
§15,115,666 88.
The deficiencies for the four years of Mr. Polk's
administration, amounted to §25,000,000 over and
above the estimates which had been submitted by
the Democratic heads of departments; and the no-
torious reason why those heads of departments
had fallen so far short, in the estimates they had
sent, to Congress, of the expenditure actually in-
curred, was, that they dared not come out honestly
before the country, and make known the enormous
amounts they required to carry on the Govern-
ment, but had left them to be supplied by defi-
ciency bills.
While the deficiencies in one year of Mr. Polk's
administration, as he had shown, amounted to
more than $15,01)0,000, and another year to over
$7,500,000, the present deficiency bill appropriated
only #1,457,986 28. Yet, with these facts spread
upon the records of the country, and starin^
gentlemen in the face, his colleague on the other
side of the house had, on the occasion of this
comparatively insignificant deficiency, denounced
the present Administration as profligate-—guilty
of usurpation ! Let the country determine" how
much weight should be attached to the gentleman's
random and gratuitous attacks.
He regretted that any attempt had been made to
give a party turn to the discussion—to nothing
was he so averse; but he felt it his duty to ex*
pose the unfounded nature of some of the charges
which had been made against the present Admin-
istratiori.
His colleague [Mr. Cartter] had complained,
that capable men had been turned out of office, and
that "cider-sucking" (he believed that was the
classical term which the gentleman had made use
of) politicians had been appointed in their places.
But he had entirely failed to substantiate any sin-
gle one of the charges which he had so profusely
poured out upon Mr. Ewing. The Secretary of
the Interior was known and honored throughout
the length and bieadth of the Republic. The col-
j umn of his fame towered so high, that any attempt
: of his adversaries to reach him", would prove abor-
! tive—the malignant attacks hurled at him, would
j but rebound upon his assailants. The poisoned
i arrows, though pointed with good will, would fall
1 harmless at his feet.
In the aggregate, taking all the departments of
the Government together, the Democrats holding
offices were largely m the majonty. He had evi-
dence to refute the charges which had been made
by his colleague, and other gentlemen, of a ruthless
