THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 29, 1850.
draw a certain paper, and permission to take out
a copy-right, and to print. Leave to withdraw is
very proper in this case. [A laugh.] Yes, sir, I
would give bim leave. Let him take away this
paper by all means. Gut we are to allow him to
have a copy-right, and to print at his own ex-
pense. Sir, do we grant copy-rights? What
could be meant by such a thing? Why, it would
be authorizing people to print their own works out
of their own tunds; that is all, and that is exactly
what we are required to do for Mr. Palmer. [A
jaugh,] Then it is called a "document," with
the title of it given at length. "A document!"
Well! in the olden times a document was an offi-
cial paper, emanating from the Executive or some
of the departments. But here is Mr. A. H.
Paltfier s description of the " Maritime countries
of the East," and so forth, which grows up to
the dignity of a document. And how has it got
to bo a document? 1 suppose Mr. Palmer made
a deposit of it somewhere, say the Depai tment of
State, and then got it back again, and that it has
undergone a process of filtration, which has made
it, from a common paper, a "document." Th
New Series No. J05.
seas, upon the land, or amidst the tumbling moun-
tains of polar ice, punuing the gigantic monsters
of the deep. I have read what Edmund Burke
said of them in the last century, and the black
emperor of Hayti, Christophe, m this. Both
seemed to be equally impressed with the energy
of our merchants, but expressed by Christophe
with most energy. He said, " hang up a bag of
coffee in hell, a Yankee would go and bring
judges its own contingent expenses; and though
the House of Representatives knows that this
book purchase is no contingent expense of the
Senate, yet it has to submit. Thus the House
are deprived of their rightful power over the money
m the Treasury.
Now, I wish the whole abuse to be considered
as being on trial; for in this case you see an exem-
plification of the whole abuse. It is an epitome of
it down without being singed." [Laughter.] This |! kll the evils of bYok "buying"" How d'idXs thing
an illustration of what enterprise Americans jt come before us? Who ever thought of originating
.1-I6-' a.m ,*° * cfiie(l upon j the printing of this book? No one but Mr. Pal-
mer, He has frequented these Halls for many
years past. He has congregated with us for many
years. lie has brought this thing before Con-
possess.
here to vote money to buy books for the purpose
of informing the American merchants whether j!
or not they can'carry on commerce with the EastJi
with China and Japan; and to do that at a timefji gress, and pressed it'on our hands.' Congress
when we have no bill impending on which we arelji would never have thought of seaiching for it. The
to legislate upon the subject of trade with those ji Senate would never have thought of searching for
countries, or with any country. So that here we'll it. But Mr. Palmer has come here. He has re-
books, was carried to the Department of State and
asked house room. There are a great many good
men m this worid, and many of them have been
Secretaries of State. Many things have been car-
ried and left there, and kindly "cared for. The
bantling is left, and when it is wanted, he who put
U there knows where to find it. As the boys say
in the street, the fox is the finder; and in this case,
1 presume there was a deposit of this paper with'
the Secretary of State, and that Aaron H. was the
findti. [brieat laughter.] And then he gets some
good-natured member of Congress—and there are
a great many good-natured members of Congress,
as well as among othei classes of men—to move a
resolution to have it brought down; after which the
printing at public expense, and the purchase of
some thousands of copies at double price, as a,
matter of couise!
Well, members of Congress get their feelino-s
excited, and call for the paper. It comes down
with great dignity. It comes down from the Sec-
retary of State, stopping in at the President's for
his puvate secretary to bring it up to Congress.
Hence it must be dignified; it must be deemed
very respectable. It comes upon us imposingly.
It is then referred to a committee. The committee j
bring it back to the House. By that tune it has I
ripened into " a document," and not only ripened '
into a document, but it nas undergone so many '
filiations and received so many imprimulures that
its value can scarcely be calculated. That is
about the state, I believe, of the present document,
named m this resolution. That is about its his-
tory, as I guess it. I have not taken the trouble
to make any inquiries respecting it; but I guess it
fiom what 1 see on the face of the paper, [Mr. B.
reading,] " Entitled ' Jl comprehensive view of the '
'principal independent maritime countries of the
' East,' illustrated by a chart, which accompanied the
' report of the Secretary of State to the Senate, under
' da'e of 23d of April lait, and referred to the Com-
' mittee on Foreign Relations." Very grand title. I
But, sii, what have we before us in the shape of !
oriental legislation on which we want instruction, |
to be gotten out of this " comprehensive view of |
the countries of the East?" 1 have read some-)
thing about the countries of the East ever since I j
was a little boy. I have read of Solomon, and of j
the East, in his day; and I have read something j
of what it has been since. And as for our mer- \
chants who carry or. tiade, I apprehend that they j
will not look at this in order to decide what branch j
of trade they can explore. They will not wait j
until the book is printed by order of Congress and j
then distributed, to find out where to explore any
branch of trade. I have read, during the last ,
quarter of a century, a great deal of our merchants j
and navigators, of their enterprise, of their cour- j
age, of their success in carrying on business, j
whether at one pole or the ottier; on the placid I
105
are at sea, widely at sea, proposing to purchase
a thing which has not the excuse of previous
books—that it is wanted—which nobody has read,
and when we have nothing to which it is to be
applied after we get it. This is going a length
which previous abuses have not gone in this
abuseful business—buying merely becausc it is a
book, and not because there is anything to which
we can apply it. Thus this abuse, in this case,
takes another great stride.
In the beginning, as I have shown, it was a
matter of law to purchase these books. It required
at least the sanction of the House before money
could betaken out of the Tieasury for the pur-
chase of books. It required an appropriation.
There happens to be a clause in the Constitution
of the United States that, no money shall be taken
out of the Treasury except by an appropriation
law. That appropi iation law must receive the
assent, the free assent of both Houses of Congress,
and must be signed by the President besides, j
These were the guards which the framers of our
Constitution placed around the Treasury. No ■
money was to be taken out of the Treasury ex- |
cept by law. That law should receive the sane- j
tion of a majority of each House of Congress, and '
then be signed by the President. j
In the early stages of the abuse, that provision I
of the Constitution was followed, in form at least.
The books were always bought by law. This [j
abuse has been going on step by step. We are j
to pay for this book " out of the contingent fund of ' j
the Senate," and take the money, not by law, but j!
! by a resolution, thereby depriving the House of 11
Representatives, to that extent, of their control
over the money in the Treasury, and applying our I1
contingent fund to a purpose for which it never;!
was intended. The contingent fund of every de- b
partment, of every branch of the public business,
necessarily attaches itself, and belongs to those
incidental expenses which result from the work-
ing of the department, and which are not foreseen,
and which cannot be enumerated beforehand.
There is propriety in the term " contingent" m
such expenses, and they are ahvays small. When
I fiist came here, the contingent expenses of the
whole War Department were $11,000. The two
Houses of Congress then acted upon the great prin-
ciple inculcated in the early days of our history,
and necessary both to economy and accountability,
that appropriations should be specific, not general
nor contingent. Every object of appropriation was
mained heie, instead of stayingat home attending
to his own business. He is here; he is levant,
couchant, and cormorant here. And he undertakes
to make a book for us without our leave, and we
are to purchase it, when it has no earthly relation
to anything we have before us; and we are to
purchase his book purely and simply for his bene-
fit; for I do not know what benefit it can be,to any-
body else. Sir, m this proposed purchase is com-
prised the whole abuses of the system. This book
is pressed upon us when we have no need for it,
no use for K, when it has no applicability to any-
thing before Congress. It is the most flagrant cat>e
, of abuse which has ever been attempted upon us,
j and comprises within itself all the abuses of this
j book-buying system." The resolution ♦•author-
izes" the Secretary of the Senate to subscribe for
| 5 000 copies of this woik of Mr. Palmer. He is
i " authorized" to subscribe. The words are to
, give him authority; but the meaning is that he
. shall buy Then, why not "direct" him to do it.
! We l( authorize1' him to do it. What is the mean-
ing of that word "authorize?" Does it mean
that he may examine and consider the matter,
and purchase or refuse to purchase as he may
deem best? No, sir. It is intended to bean order,
to direct the Secretary to buy the books. 1, there-
I fore, object to the phraseology of this resolution,
I us it contrives a mode by which we ate to avoid
! meeting the direct responsibility.
When this matter was first brought up, the Sec-
retary was to be authorized to subscribe for 5,000
copies of this book. They thought then that each
Senator should have about 90 volumes to digest.
But after awhile it was concluded that 50 volumes
a piece would be enough. So they dropped 5,000
and made it 3,000, as it now stands. They should
have continued this dropping process, if they had
taken one more jump of 2,000, they would have
reduced the number to 1,000, and in that way they
would have got down at a third jump, below nothing.
That ought to have been the process. Why did
it not go on ? Why stop at 3,000? What argu-
ment can there be for giving each Senator 50
copies? I want to hear the argument. I should
like to know why they dropped 5,000, and made
the number 3,000? Perhaps the argument was
this: 5,000 was more than would go; therefore
fall to 3,000. For whose benefit was this? Was
it for the benefit of the Senate or for the benefit of
Mr Palmer? Why, it was undoubtedly fur the
benefit of Mr. Palmer. The whole scheme has
specifically estimated, so' that they got down to j been to get the resolution through for his benefit,
contingencies in the War Department so low as
£11,000. Now, what will cover the contingent
expenses of one branch of the legislative depart-
ment—of the Senate alone? Wiil#hundreds of
thousands cover it? If confincd to its proper ob-
ject, a few thousand dollars would suffice. But
if you apply it to the purchase of books without
limitation, nobody can estimate what it will re-
quire for the contingent fund of the Senate. The
Treasury may be plundered. Bv acting in this
way, the House is deprived of their control over
the money in the Treasury. This purchase of
books does not belong to the contingencies of the
Senate. It is no contingency of the Senate. It, is
untrue, but the House is bound by it. Each House
If 5,000 copies were necessary when this resolu-
tion was first introduced, why is not that number
necessary now ? We are not then to buy the
book for ouiselves, but for the benefit of Mr,
Palmer, and he condescends to sell us 3,000, be-
cause we will not take 5,000. But says the reso-
lution these books are to be purchased "for the
use of the Senate." For what use of the Senate?
Here again is an expression which ought not to
be inserted. Is it intended fordistnbution? if so,
why not write down the words? Let us face the
music. Let us have it in plain language that
these work* are for distribution among ourselves.
Let us send it out in that way, and let us not have
a double proccss to go through, first to buy what
