1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 26,
we do not want, and then to distribute what we
cannot use.
Sir, I know how this distribution commenced.
We had books and documents piled up here atone
time until they formed such a blockade that we
had to make a passage through them to the Sec-
retary's office. The question then was, what shall
we do with {hem ? We have got them; now what
is to be done with them ? Why, we must distrib-
ute them. That was the argument. We were
to distribute tliem, in order to get rid of them.
Instead of going through the double process of
buyifig first and distributing afterwards to get rid
of them, there is a clause by which the whole may
be covered up—" for the use of-tbe Senate."
Now, can the Senate use them ? If the book is
really valuable, it can be Sought for the library.
$5,000 a year is allowed for the purchase of books
for the library. If the work is valuable, two or
three sets of it could be bought for the library.
There "is the place for it. But under the terms of
the resolution, these books are to be " for the use
of the Senate." Is there not a design to move the
distribution among Senators? That will be en-
forced on the ground that, having got the books,
we must do something with them.
Then the resolution says that these works "shall
be delivered by Mr. Palmer at a price not exceed-
ing two dollars per copy of not less than five hun-
dred pages, octavo; printed on fine paper, and
neatly bound in rauslm." Five hundred pages!
Well, Mr. President, I have heard a story which
is, perhaps, applicable to this case. A country
merchant, besides keeping a farm, and a black-
smith's shop, and a mill, also kept a dry goods
Store. At the time to which I refer, the term
" dry goods store" meant a store in which a little
of everything in the world was sold. This man,
like many other good men, attended to all these
things himself, and had an excellent wife, who
was a wife of all work, and attended to all these
things whenhe was away. A man came into the
store one day to buy some shot. She could not
find the pound weight; remembering having heard
that a " pint was a pound," she measured him the
pint of shot for the pound, and he took all the shot
she had upon those terms.
Now, in this case we are to go on the idea that
a page is a page. Now, I can give you a little ex-
perience on that point. When 1 first came to
Congress, I was beset to subscribe to a great many
works thai I had not seen. I had subscribed and
paid for nine volumes in advance. They came
out, volume after volume, until finally the whole
nine volumes octavo appeared, with wide margins,
big types, and a great distance between the lines.
I .had the curiosity to count it up, which was
easily done, and compare it with a real British
octavo then in my house. Well, that single Brit-
ish octavo contained upwards of a considerable
number of words more than those nine volumes.
That convinced me that a page was not a page,
though a pint might be a pound. [Great laughter.]
1 repeat, sir, that I wish the Senate to think of
all the abuses which have grown out of this sys-
tem, and consider whether it is not time to stop it.
We have made repeated efforts, but we cannot
stop it upon one case. That case goes through
and through, and another comes and that goes
through. We have had no general appeal to the
sense of the Senate, to consider the abuse of the
whole system, and I think a more appropriate oc-
casion than the present for putting an end to the
whole system cannot present itself. Look back
and see the mischief it has produced-, look forward
and see what will be the consequence of our pass-
ing this. [ think this is a most appropriale occa-
sion for trying the whole system, and putting an
end to the abuse. I now move the indefinite post-
ponement of the resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. I regret exceedingly that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum,] who was the introducer of this resolu-
tion from the Committee on Foreign Relations, is
not now in his place.
Mr. COOPER. If the honorable Senator will
give way, I will move that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed.
Mr. FOOTE. Oh no, I prefer goino' on now
This matter has already occupied too much of our
attention, and I am very anxious indeed that it
should be disposed of this morning. I was pro-
ceeding to express the regret which I feel that the
honorable mover of this resolution, so much better
qualified than myself to exhibit its true merits,
and vindicate it against unjust and illiberal assail-
ment,- happens not to be in his place, so that the
duty is imposed upon me, however inadequate to
the task, of saying something m defence of it.
But, sir, I should be wholly unworthy of the po-
sition which i hold in this body, as chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, were I in-
clined to shrink from the vindication of a resolu-
tion which has received the unanimous sanction of
that committee. 1 shall by no means undertake to
occupy the attention of the Senate with a discus-
sion of all the matters which have been brought to
our consideration this morning.- The Chair has
alieady ruled to the contrary; and, had not that
■decision of the Chair been rendered I certainly
should not have felt an inclination to debate topics
so wholly unconnected with the question before
us. I shall be allowed to say, however, that when
I heard first of the practice of printing books for
the use of the Senate, it struck me as being one
more than likely,to be productive of mischief. I
certainly found this system in full and active oper-
ation in this body when I had the honor of first
taking my seat here. I found that many such ap-
propriations had been made, under the lead of cer-
tain gentlemen whom I will not now specially
name; and there seemed to be a general acquies-
cence in the system, as one out of which great
public benefits might spring.
By the by, as a part' of the parliamentary his-
tory of the country, it is worth noticing that some
of those gentlemen who have most distinguished
themselves of late by what they seem to regard,
and evidently wish others also to regard, as a patri-
otic and public-spirited opposition to this system,
were at the period to which I allude most zealous
and efficient advocates of it. The honorable Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] will allow me to refer
to him as being one of the class of Senators alluded
to; and he will not be offended, I trust, if, for cer-
tain delicate reasons, I make somewhat freer refer-
ence to him in discussing this matter than I should
do but for the reasons alluded to. What I say of
him will be found much more forcibly applicable
to others, to whom I am not willing to make any
special allusion.
I have said, Mr. President, that I neither feel
authorized nor inclined to enter upon the exam-
ination of certain topics, to the consideration of
which we have been invited this morning; and yet
I hope to be pardoned for saying, in relation to the
business of supplying Senators'with books, that
the very first speech I had the honor to make in
this body was in opposition to that practice, and 1
believe that the very first vote I gave was given in
order to procure its suppression. But older Senators
had established the practice, and were daily fur-
nishing ample proofs that they still approved it,
and 1 did not deem it altogether seemly in one, who
was then a stranger here, to take upon himself the
ungracious character of a reformer. I wish it to
be distinctly understood too, Mr. President, that I
have never sold any book which I have thus re-
ceived, nor do I believe that any gentleman who
is at present a member of this body has thus dis-
graced himself and us. Certainly, if such a case
of unsenatorial meanness can be made out against
any one at present occupying a seat here, his es-
cape from immediate ejection will not be charge-
able to undue forbearance on my part. I strongly
suspect that my honorable friend from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,]—if he will allow me, for the sake of con-
venience, to refer to him again, as I always do
with kindness—I strongly suspect, sir, that he and
certain other members of this body are in ouite a
peculiar predicament in relation to this business.
I think that they have deliberately and repeatedly
voted for appropriations of this very kind, some of
them involving enormous sums of money; yet
they think proper at this time to manifest extra-
ordinary opposition to this proposal to incur a com-
paratively small expense, in procuring the printing
of Mr. Palmer's book, for the use of the Senate, as
the resolution expresses it. Indeed, sir, I really
have been almost inclined, when I recollect that
the Senator from Texas was the warm advocate a
short time since of the printing of certain maps
here, and has voted for various other propositions
of this sort, unnecessary now to be specified, to
apply to him, and those at present so zealously
cooperating with him, the language of Hudibras,
when he speaks of certain puritanical personages
of his day, whose practice was to
" Compound for sins they were Inclined to,
By damning those they had no mind to."
[Laughter.]
The printing of certain books and maps a short
time since was a very worthy and meritorious
thing, and in every way to be advocated, urged,
commended, and recommended before the present
generation and all posterity; but when another
proposition of the same kind, and, according to
my judgment, of not less merit by any means, is
presented to us for consideration, these same gen-
tlemen manifest the most holy indignation, the
most zealous and inflexible opposition, arid some
of them signalize themselves by indulging in lan«
guage of coarse ridicule and denunciation. 1 do
not say this of my friend from Texas, who, to
confess the truth, is always liberal, kind, and
courteous.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the Senator to refer to a sin-
gle case of this kind that I have been the advo-
cate of?
Mr. FOOTE. I did not^ intend to particularize
anybody, much less to wound the feelings of any
particular individual; but, being thus called upon,
I will respond with becoming frankness. That
honorable Senator voted for v,ariou3 appropriations
of this kind, a list of which I have in my hand,
for some of which I confess that 1 also voted, m
conformity with the examples of other Senators—
seniores Senatores—and in conformity also with the
established usage of the Senate, i voted with the
Senator frofn Texas, 1 think, for the printing,
lithographing, binding, and so forth, of a book
with which-is favorably connected the name of a
gentleman distinguished for scientific attainments,
for public spirit, and for patriotism, and who, I
trust, will shortly be, as 1 cannot doubt he will
prove, a distinguished ornament of this body. I
refer now, of course, to Col. Fremont. ! hold in
my hand a statement from our own Secretary, fur-
nished at my request, showing that the sum of
$30,835 91 was at different times expended upon
that book and the maps accompanying it; ail of
which was done by the Senate under very distin-
guished auspices indeed. I shall not go further
into particulars at present, but 1 ask my honorable
friend, did he not vote for that large appropria-
tion ?
Mr. RUSK, (in his seat.) I did; but that was
a very different thing.
Mr. FOOTE. I thought that I could not be in
error on this point. And now, since my honor-
able friend from Texas seems to have clearly com-
mitted himself heretofore, on more than one
occasion, by voting appropriations of the kind at
present asked, he will allow me to say that [
strongly suspect that his strenuous opposition to
this book of Mr. Palmer's arises chiefly from the
fact that he has never had an opportunity of ex-
amining it carefully and of ascertaining its intrinsic
value. I have too much respect for his taste and
judgment to suppose that he could look into the
pages of a work so valuable without feeling some-
thing of sympathy and respect both for the author
and this production of his genius.
Sir, a very extraordinary and unsparing attack
has been made this morning upon Mr. Greenhow
and his book on Oregon. 1 shall not attempt Mr.
Grecnhow's defence, though I should certainly do
so did I consider him in the least danger from the
assaults made upon him. In the controversy m
which he was involved several years since, 1 be-
lieve that the American public almost unanimously
regarded him as triumphant. It may.be allowed
me to say, though, that I know him well, and be-
lieve him to be a man of sterling sense, of excellent
attainments, and of unquestioned probity. I am
glad to know that he is now preparing for the pre3S
a valuable historical work, portions of which he
has done me the honor of showing me; and 1 ven-
ture to predict that when that work shall see the
light, Mr. Greenhow will be able to claim a re-
nown which none of his detractors of the present
hour have been able to attain.
Mr. President, it is far from my intention to in-
stitute a regular comparison between Mr. Palmer's
book and others, for the publication and distribu-
tion of which we have heretofore provided; being
perfectly mindful of the language of Dogberry,
that u comparisons are odorousNor shall i take
upon myself the task of criticising any of those
volumes which have formerly been ushered into
the world under the auspices of this body. 1 have
neither talent nor taste for the critical vocation;
