576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend it by striking
out the sum of" five hundred dollars," and insert-
ing <l five thousand dollars."
Mr. VINTON said this was the sum which
had been estimated for a3 necessary to procure
the library for this department; and even this
was a very small amount for the purpose. He
enumerated the various classes of books which
would be required in the performance of the mul-
tifarious duties of the department. The sum
proposed to be appropriated in the bill, was not
anything—it was not even a beginning—toward
the purchase of such a library as was required;
nor would the sum contemplated by his own
amendment be sufficient for the purpose.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the sum of " five thousand dollars"
and inserting " one thousand dollars."
Mr. BAYLY said, that he had offered this
amendment for the purpose merely of explaining
the motives which had governed the Committee of
Ways and Means in adopting the sum of $500.
We had a public library which had been accumu-
lating at great expense, and to which each of the
heads of departments had the privilege of free
access,and the committee thought that $500 would
be enough to purchase the books, which might be
required for constant and daily rcfcrence. Those
which would be wanted only occasionally, and at
rare periods, could be procured in the public libra-
ries.
But there was another motive also. It was
known that there was a bill pending before this
House to abolish the Department of the Interior.
Unhke the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,]
he (Mr. B.) hoped that it would receive the sanc-
tion of both houses of Congress; but, at any
rate, they ought not to prejudge the question, by
appropriating so large a sum as $5,000 in a bill of
this character—a deficiency bill—for an object not
authorized by law, and for the mere convenience
of a department which might not, and he trusted
would not, survive sixty Hays.
A motion was made that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment of Mr. Bayly to the amendment
of Mr. Vinton.
Mr. BAYLY said he had offered his amend-
ment pro forma only, to enable him to make the
explanation. He would now withdraw theamend-
ment.
So the amendment was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. VINTON
Teller# (Messrs. McGaughey, of Indiana, and
Waldo, of Connecticut,) were appointed.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 81, noes 89.
So the amendment was rejected.
A motion was made that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
The following item being under consideration:
"For compensation to temporary clerks, em-
ployed in the office of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, from the 1st of July, 1849, to the 30th of
June, 1850, six thousand five hundred and twenty-
nine dollars and seventy-eight cents."
Mr. BAYLY moved the following amendment:
" I'or compensation for nine extra clerks, under
the act of August, 1842, during the session of Con-
gie-ss, m the Third Auditor's Office, and contingen-
cies incident thereto." °
Mr. BAYLY, (in explanation,) said, that these
cleiks had been employed m pursuance of law,
and that, aftei careful examination, the committee
were satisfied that they were necessary. Hence,
he had been instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means to piopose this amendment, to which
he hoped there would be no objection.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and reported its action
on the Brazilian convention bill, and its progress
on the deficiency bill.
CONVENTION WITH BRAZIL.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be, on
ordering to a third reading the bill to carry into
effect the convention between the United States
nnd^the Emperor of Brazil,
Ihe bill, having been ordered to a third reading,
was lead a third time and passed.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of Josiah Hollister and
28 others, citizens of South Glenttrbury, Connecticut, ask-
ing tor a uniform rate of postage.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING, of New York : The petition of
the inhabitants of Long Island, New Y*uk, lor a light-house
on the northern extremity of Gardner's island.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of John C. Davis and
others, citizens of Philadelphia, asking for the constiucuon
of piers at Reedy island, in the Delaware.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of citizens of Green-
wich, Stanwich county, Connecticut, pra> ing that no State
be hereafter admitted into the Union unless the constitution
expressly piohibits slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition of citizens of the same county and same
State, to secure to alleged fugitives the n ht of trial by jury.
Also, the pelilton of citizens of; he same county and same
State, lor the repeal of all laws sanctioning the slave-trade
and slavery in the District ot Columbia.
Also, the petition of citizens of tiie same county and same
State, praying that slaveiy and the slave-trade may be ex-
pressly prohibittd in all the temtoiies of the United States.
By Mr. COBB, of Alabama: The petition of VV. It. W.
Cobb, of Alabama, pra\ ing Congiess to authorize the relin-
quishment to the United States, ot the valueless 16th sec-
tions in all the States, and the selection of other sections in
lieu "hereof.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: The remonstrance of 37 citi-
zens ot Zanevtlle, Ohio, against any further extension by
Congress of the Woodworth patent.
Alio, the petition of 91 citizens ot Guernsey county, Ohio,
praying for cheap postage.
By Mr. BUEL : The p: tition of C. P. Young and 62 oth-
ers, praymu for a new mail-route ftom the village of Wayne,
tn the county of Wayne, Michigan, via Romulus Centre and
Haion, to Brovvnstown, in said county.
Also, the petition of Nicholas Grewse!,one of the officers
of the volunteers in thewai with Mexico, praying additional
remuneration for their service by giants ot land.
Also, the petition of Oiange Porter and 37 others,citizens
of Michigan, for a distribution of the public lands.
Also, the petition of Samuel Spauldtng ior inciease ol
pension.
Also, the petition of Harry Lewis and otheis, citizens of
Michigan, tor a reduction of letter postage to two cents per
half ounce.
Also, the pctitiono i < hn Keys and 22 others, citizens of
Michigan, for a reduction of postage to two cents per half
ounce^
Also, the remonstrance of W. Ingersol and 68 others, cit-
izens of MichigaH, against a further extension of Wood-
worth's patent.
Also, the remonstrance of Hiram Walker and 41 others,
citizens of Michigan, against a further extension ot Wood-
worth's patent.
AKo, a claim of Francis Cicatt for pay for his services as
a captain of a company of Michigan militia in the war of
1812.
By Mr. WILMOT: The petition of 160 citizens of Brad-
ford* county, Pennsylvania, praying that slavery and the
slave-trade may be expies&Iy prohibited in the territories.
Also, the petition of'15 citizens of Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that no State be hereafter admitted into the
Union unless slavery be expressly prohibited by the consti-
tution of said State.
AKo, the petition of 100 citizens of Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, pravinii for the rr peal ot all laws sustaining slavery
or the slave-tiade in the District of Columbia, or in default
thereof, that the seat of Government be removed.
Al.-o, the petition of l(j0 citizens of Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praj ing thai the ngnt of trial by jury be secuied to
person< claimed as fugitives from labor.
BvMr. POTTER: The petition of J. M. Radabaugh and
David MeCnrdy,and 4t> other ciuzens of Putnam county,
Ohio, for cheap postage.
P V Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of the
Gc rman Horn an Cntholic Benevolent Society, pi a) mg to be
incorporated.
By Mr. WELLBORN r The petition of Jonathan Smith,
Thomas Smiih, and others, piavuigthc establishment of a
mnil-route from IJawkmsvillc to IrwiiiSville,Geoigia,on the
Hawkmsviile road, and to establish a post-ollice at Thomas
Smith's.
Also, the petition of Win. McLeod, Jeremiah B. Norman,
and other-*, pray nig the establishment of a weekly cro-s mail
route from Gintown post-office, in Irwin county, to Ocopilco
post-ofh"e, in Lowndes, county, Georgia, and to establish a
poH-oflice at Edmondsons, Lowndes coumy, and one at
Normals ormrt-gioftnd, in Thomas county, and one at
Henry Hammock's, in Irwm county.
By Mr. C()\0>E11: The petition of 27 mechanics, of
Truxtcn, Cortland county, New York, for the repeal of the
law of 1845,-extending Wood worth's planing machine.
Also, of 146 citizen- of Moravia, Cayuga county, New
\oik, praying Oi.it pnnision be made by 1 w, tliat when-
ever a person shall be arrested as a tuu'itive slave, m any
State other than that in which he i- held to service, he shall
riot be delrveted up, except on the finding of a jury that he
is the slave of tin claimant.
Also, of 145 citizens of the same place, pravme that
slavery be prohibited in ail the territoues of the United
States.
Bv VIr. IflBBAIU). The petition of S. W. Miles, and
others, citizens of Plainfn Id, New Hampshire, praying for a
i eduction and leform of the rales of postage.
IN SENATE. |
Thursday, March 21, 1850. j
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the Senate !
a communication from the Secretary of War, made j
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of1
thft 8th instant, calling; for the report of an explo- j
ration of the Territory of Minnesota, by Brevet
Captain Pope; which was ordered to he on the
table, and the motion to print referred' to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition, signed by-
one hundred and twenty-two citizens and le^al
voters of New Jersey, asking that the right of
trial by jury maybe secured by law to fugitive
slaves, when arrested in any other State than that
in which service is claimed; which was ordeied to
He on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
and electors of the town of Scipio, in the Stale of
New York, asking that the right of tnal by jury
may be secured by law to fugitive slaves, when
arrested m any other Slate than that in winch
their service is claimed.
Also, a petition of citizens and electors of the
same place, asking that slavery and the slave-trade
may be prohibited by law in all the teiritories of
the United States; which were ordered to iie on
the table.
Also, of citizens and electors of Montgomery
county, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be prohibited in
all the territories of the United States; which waa
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WHiTCOMB presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives of that State in
Congress, to use their exertions to procure the pas-
sage of a law increasing the compensation of jurors
in the United States district court m Indiana;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, in
favor of the enactment of a law allowing to the
soldiers of the last war with Great Britain, and
those who served in the several Indian wars, the
same amount of bounty lands, and the same rates
of pension, that weie granted to the soldiers in the
late war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the same, instructing the
Senators and requesting the Representatives of
that State in Congress, to use their exertions to
procure the passage of a law abohshiug corporal
punishment in the navy; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Rochester, New York, praying that the
act of February, 1845, extending the patent of
William Woodworth, may be repealed ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent-Office.
THE RESCUE OF THE CALEB GRIMSHAW.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I submit the
petition of Elisha W. Budd Moody, of Yarmouth,
in the province of Nova Scotia, merchant.
The petitioner states that he is the owner of a
certain ship called the "Sarah;" that the said
vessel sailed from the port of London, m the King-
dom of Great Bntain, on the 26th day of the
month of October last past, commanded by David
Cook, and bound to the port of St. John, in the
province of New Brunssvick; that on the 17th day
of the month of November last past, while prose-
cuting the said voyage, a ship was discovered in
distress, and the master of the Sarah tacked ship
and ran up to her, when he found that the Vessel
in distress, was the American ship Caleb Gtim-
shaw, of New York, with four hundred and
twenty passengers on board, and that she was then
on fne; that the ship Sarah lay by the side of
the ship Caleb Grimshaw for the space of four
days, roost of which time the wind blew a gale,
but she succeeded in itscuing from the burning
ship, three hundied and ninety-nine human beings;
that the ship then proceeded to Fayal, at winch
place she was quarantined, and heavy port chaiges
there incurred; that the provisions and water on
board of said ship were consumed by the peisons
j saved, which had to be replaced at Fayal, at double
[ the cost they were proctued for in England; that
j while lying at quarantine, a gale of wind came on,
which caused the ship to part cables, which, with
her anchors, were lost, and the ship only escaped
becoming a total wreck; that in consequence of the
deviation of the ship from her prescribed voyage,
the insurance effected on her became void, and
from her deviation the pecuniary loss to the peti-
tioner was very great, as a freight was engaged for
