i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
rote and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The next amendment was:
" The Secretary of the Treasury Is hereby authorized and
required to purchase, as soon as it can be effected on rea-
sonable terms, a site for a custom-house and post office in
the city of Bath, tn the State of Maine, and to cause to be
erected thereon such a building as may be suitable for a
custom-house and post office; Provide/if That (he said Sec-
retary should not deem it more expedient to have the pres-
ent custom-house repaired : Provided, also, That the entire
cost of said site and building, or of such repairs, shall not
exceed the sum of $35,000."
Mr. DISNEY asked the yeas and nays; which
"were ordered.
[supplementary census bill.
. A mesaage was received from the Senate, by
A. Dickins, Esq..Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had appointed a committee of con-
ference, to meet a similar committee on the part of
the House, on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the supplementary census bill.]
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 94, nays 87; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bayly, Bissell, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs, Burrows, Chester
Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Calvm, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Clmgman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Corwin,
Crowell, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Elliot, Nathan Evans, Fow-
ler, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Guiding*, Gilmore, Gould, Grin-
nell, Halloway, Hammond, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hen-
ry, Holmes, Howard, Howe, George g. Kins, James G.
King, John A. Kins, La Sdre, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace
Mann, .Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKi^ock, Rob-
ert M. McLane, Meacham, Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson
Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Phcenix, Pitman, Put-
nam, Reynolds, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
tefle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaul-
ding, Sprague, Stanly, Stetson, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck,
Underbill. Van Dvke, Wnton, Watkms.Wentworth, White,
Williams, and Wilson—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bovvdon, Boyd, Albert
G. Brown, W. J. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, G. a Cald-
well, J. P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Daniel, Deborry,
Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Kdmimdson, Alexander
Evans. Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Freedley, Gorman, Gott,
Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, S. W. Harris, Hibbard
Milliard, Hoagland, Hous.mii, Hubbard, Hunter, Joseph w!
Jackson, William T. JaeksoH, Andrew Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Preston Kin?, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand. Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McLanahun, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, MiNson, Morris, Orr, Parker, Peaslee
Phelps, Potter, Robbing Robinson, Root, Ross, Savage' Sed-
don, Richard H. Stanton, Strong, Sweetser,Thomas Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Vemtble, Walderi Waldo
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Woodward, and
Young—87. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, viz:
"And to enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to pay for reportingand publishing in the * Daily Globe'
two thousand columns of the proceedings of the Home of
101 lhJS 8easio"> at tlie rate of 50 a co1-
Mr. FEATHERSTON aaked the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers upon ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tollers were ordered, tind Messrs. Brown of
Mississippi, and Calvin were appointed. *
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 38.
. So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 103, nays 80; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Bayly, Beale, Bingham Booth
Bowdort, BoWie, BowJin, Brigg*, Albort G Brown w t'
Brown, Buel, B,'m, Tl,0„k* Cart
ter, Chanittef, Clmjinan, W. R. W. Cobb BibSi'ii!.
Dunhitin, IJtirkee, ImIrmindson, Ewinw, Fitcli, Fuller Gen-
lry> Gtlmore, Gorman, Green, Hamilton Hammond
Haralson, Isliam G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris., Hibbard'
Hnagland/ Holmes, Houston, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson'
Jam«a L. Johnson, James G. Kin?, John A K.na Preston
Stanton, Steteon, Sweetser, Taylor, Toombs, Un'ji= r'hill *
Van Dyke, Vcnable, Vinton, Waldcn btI 1
WratworHi, White, Wildriok W11 a,'JwVP' T ir°r2'
Woodward, and Young—103. ' VV,ll,dm3> Wilmot, Wood,
Albertson, Alexander, Anderson Ash
wwn, Averert, Bcnneit, Bokee, Bovd r !J d '
Clipper Butler, Joseph Cable, G. A. CaldwpH'l p
wn, Ca!vi„, Campbell, Casey, Cole
Disney, Dkon, Du >r, Duncan, Elliot' Ale\andp?i?V'
N.itiian Evans, Feathetsion, Fowler, Fradlev Com fv,
Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hampton,"HayHavmonHH.h'
ard, Filhard, Howe, Hubbard, ^unto'rS.' Eil
•on, Jones, George G, King, Horace Mann, J<a jS
Aug. 27,
Mdt-
teson, McLanfthan, Pinis E. McLean, Meacham, Millson
Moore, Morris, Morton, Newell, Outlaw, Parker, Rock-
well, Rose, Sackett, Schenek, Schermerhorn, Schoolcralt,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spautding, Sprague, Stanly!
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
1 tiompsoti, Thurman, Wallace, Watkins, and Wilson—80.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote, and
to lay that motion on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
The following amendment was read, viz:
"To pay for the binding of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for members of the 31st Concress,$ 10,000, or so
much thereof as may be required to pav for binding said
volumes in strong substantial Kussia leather backs and
corners: Provided, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall let the contracts for binding to the lowest
bidder below sixty cents per volume, and that the work
shall be commenced immediately alter the printing is done,
and concluded as soon thereafter as possible."
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays; which
were rePused.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Ogle and
Thomas were appointed.
Mr. STANLY desired to be informed by the
Chair whether it would be in order for him to in-
quire if it was not already provided by law that
the books should be bound P
The SPEAKER said the Chair could n$t give
, the information sought officially. The Chair was
not aware, however, that there was such'a law.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 93; noes 46.
So the amendment w^ agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The next question was on the following amend-
ment: *
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to purchase one hundred and thirty sets of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, .$8,000, to be kept by the Li-
brarian of Congress for the use of memhers during the ses-
sion, to be charged to each member as books from the
library now are.
" And for the purchase of one hundred and thirty sets of
the Registerof Debates, to be kept in like manner,"and for
the same purpose, $15,000."
Mr. EYANS, of Ohio, and Mr. JONES asked
the yeas and nays; which were refused.
^Tellers were ordered, ariif Messrs. Waldo and
Root were appointed.
And the question being token, the vote stood—
ayes 67, noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that'that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The next question was on concurring in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
striking out the item appropriating $6,125 for the
purchase of 1,225 copies of Mayo's book on the
Treasury Department.
The amendment was agreed to, and the item
was stricken out.
Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The next question was on the following amend-
ment, viz: *
" For the pay of draftsmen and assistants to the head of
flc cor"s employed in copying and record™
({7,000:) Ihe rent of rooms employed for assistants to the
bead of the scientific corps engaged in recording coiivinc
and including (net for the same, ($500;) attendance on
a"d expenses of employing messengers,
(Soul);) purchase of diawing paper and other neceJsarv
drawing materials and office furmlure, (.4375;) stationery
for offlco use, ($100 :) mileage and expenses of officers em-
ployed in examinations required on the frontieis of Vermont
and New York, ($840;) (or a survey and examination of
that portion of the line lying on the northern frontier of
Vermont and Niw York, embracing hire of men and their
transportation and subsistence, hire of horses and ba-Traae
wagons, camp equipage and its transportation, purchase of
instruments and all contingencies, ($5,000;) and the com-
pensation of two private soldiers for their services as drarts-
$15n430 „ree0n!itructlns maPs: in all the sum of
Mr. DUNHAM demanded the yeas and nays:
and they were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 104, nays 84, as follow:
YEAS-IWessrs. Alexander, Alston. Anderson, Ashmun,
Baker, Bayly, Beaie, Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Bowie
Kreck, Briges, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler Thomas K
Butler, E. C. Cabell (jalvin/Campbell Cas^ Chandler;
t ingman Colcock Oormn, Heberrv, Dixon, Dotv, D.ier
E'hot, Alexander Evan?, Nathan Evans, Fowler.'Gentry,
Giddings. Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hatnp-
Si' Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Billiard,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Howe, Joseph W. Jackson,
William T. Jackson, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. Kinff, Preston King, Horace Mann, Matteson,
McDowell, McKissocfe, Robert M. McLanf, Meacham,
Meade, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Outlaw, Owen, Phcenix, Pitman, Reynolds, Rockwell, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, Sehenck, Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spaiilding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Strong,Taylor, J. B.Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, UnderhiU, Van Dyke, Vinton*
Waldo, VVatkins, White* Williams, and Wilson—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Ray, Bing-
bam, Bissell, Buwdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert TJ. Brown,
William J. Riown, Buel, Joseph Cable, Grorg*1 A. Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, W. R. W. flobb, Cole,
Daniel, DimmicMpUisney, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson,
Kwing, Featherston, Pnch, Puller, Gerry, Gorman, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harri3, S W. Harris,
Hoagla'nd, Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian.
La bare, .Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason.
McClernand, McDonald, McLanahun, Finis E. McLean!
McQueen, McWillie, Morris, Moise, Olds, Orr, Parker,
Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Putnam, Richardson, "Rob-
bing Robmpon, Rosf, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Stetson,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Walden, Wallace
Wellborn,Weniworii), Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wood, Woo<^
ward, and Young—82. 5
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GOTT moved to reconsider the. vote, and
to lay that motion on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
The next amendment was reads
"To enable ihe Secretary of the Interior to take a per-
petual lease to the United Sfates, from the city of Unca,
New York, free of taxes,or other chaiges ot any sort, so
many rooms in the City Hall in said city, about to *be erect-
ed, as may be necessary for the proper accommodation of
the United States district and circuit courts holden in &aid
city, and their officers,,$12,GOO: Provided, That no part of
this appropriation shall be paid until it shall becpinfiedby
the justices of said circuit court that the said rooms are pro-
vided, and the said lease made."
Mr. STANLY. The amendment is, as I un-
derstand, to strike out what the Committee of
Ways and Means put in.
The SPEAKER. It is to strike out the clause
which has just been read.
Mr. DISNEY asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Tellers wete asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Toombs and Strong were appointed.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 74, noes 84.
So the amendment was not concurred in,
And the clause was retained in the bill.
Mr. MATTESON moved to consider the vote
and to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. STRONG demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MATTESON withdrew the motion to
reconsider.
All the amendments having been disposed of—
The question recurred and was taken upon or-
dering the bill to be engrossed, and decided m the
affirmative.
The bill was read a third time, and,
The question being on the passage of the bill-
Messrs, RICHARDSON, VENABLE, and
others demanded the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
And the question, " Shall this bill pass?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 121,
nays 62: as follow :
YEAS—Messis. Alexander,Allen,'Alston, Anderson, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bajly, Beale, Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Booth,
Bowie, Bowlin, Breelc, Briggs, Burrows, Chester Butler T.
B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P.'Caldwell.
Calvin, Campbell. Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin, Crowe}!
Deberry, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Elliot, Alexander Evans, N.
Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry
Giddings, Gilmore, Gott,Gould,Grinnell, Hallowav, Hamp-
ton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland.
Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jo>eph W Jackson, W.
T. Jackson, Julian, George G. King, James G. Kma, John
A. King, Preston King, La Fere,'Leffler, Littlefield, Horace
Mann, Mason, Matron, McDowell, McGaughev, McKis-
sock, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McWillie,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Nelson'. New-
ell, Ogle, Oti% Outlaw, Peaslee, Peek, Phcenix, Pitman,
Putnam, Reynolds, Robbing, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Hot-a,
Rum<ey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Scbermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, F.
P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, John B. Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wal-
den, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth, White
Williams, Wilmot, and Wilson-r-13l. 3
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, A*he, Averett, Bay, Bing-
ham, Bowdou, Boyd, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, G. A.
Caldwell, Cartter, Clingman, W. K. Vv. Cobb, Colcock,
Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Dotv, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
mundson, Featherston, Gerry, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton,
Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Sampson VV. Harris, Howard,
Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johiicon, Jones, Job Mann, McDon-
ald, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Meade, iVIillaon,
Morris, Owen, Parker, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robm-
son, Savage, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrkk, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young-62.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, being out of his
