1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
seat at the moment his name was called, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to record his
vote.
Objection having be«n made—
Mr. B. gave noticc that, had he been permitted
to record his vote, he would have voted against the
passage of the bill, because he was opposed to ap-
propriating one dollar towards the support of this
Government, until the difficulty between the two
sections of the country had been settled.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote on the passage of the bill, and that that motion
be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN PENNSYLVANIA.
IV r. STRONG gave notice that he would call
up this ease to morrow morning.
[M**rks of dissent in every part of the House,
mingled with calls for the Texas boundary bill,]
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following notice, memorials, and petitions,
were presented under the rule, and referred to the
appropriate committees:
Mr CABELL, of Florida, arave notice, under tin3 rule of
the Home, of his intention to introduce a lull to provide for
cnllutjf into tlx' " ivi<n> uf the United States, eiv* cnnpfuiipc
of mounted volunteer, to hrs emplojed in removing the
Seminole Indian* from Florida.
Bv Mr. HOWIE: The im lunria! of Robert P. Dunlop
and other*, citizens of Montgomery county, Mainland, pr.iv-
iiii^an appropriation for the con<unction of a pl.mk ro.id
from the City ot Washington to the Montgomeiy count)
line.
fly Mr. JACKSON, of Geoiyia* The proceeding of a
irit-etinsi of the citizens of Savannah, Geoisii.i, hold on the
23:1 July, 18")0, in opposition to the, mea-Miies embraced m
the late compromise lull in the Senate, on the shivery ques-
tion.
Bv Mr Sl'ACJLDIA'G ■ The petition of G. W. Rounds and
other citizens ot Buffalo, for the hpftei pto^rrvation of hu-
man life on steamboats navigating the western lake* and
mei-.
B\ Mr. PITMAN: The petition of William R. Fisher
and 114 othei citizen* of IVnn*vlvania. mtere-ted ni the
m,unit u tnre of iron, asking Congre&s to impose =ueh duties
upon forejcn iron as will tiring the lar;/e>r revenue to the
pui'hcTn a.-ury, and prrventthe pi e^ent ruinous fluctuations
and irieauUntie* in that branch of in<iu>ti v.
Also, the petition of M. Fermi>nu and 34 other citizens
of Penn>y!v.im< , for a Mindai purpose.
Also, the petition of Thomns Por*ter and £2 other citi-
z°?i* of PenttN\ hania, tor a -nmlar purpose.
AI*o, the peiuion ot John Benson and 85 other citizens of
Pennsj ivauia, for a similar put pose.
IN SENATE,
TuEbnAY, Jliigust 27,1850.
Mr. WJNTHROP presented the memorial of ;
underwriters, merchants, and shippeis of the >
city of Boston, interested in the prosecution of |
commerce on the Pacific—among the signers to i
which are fifteen presidents of insurance eompa- j
nies—setting forth that, aa advised by their cor- i
respondents"and agents in California, the interests
of commerce would be greatly promoted, and an
immense savins: realized both to shippers and con-
sumers, from the much greater facility and safety
in discharging cargoes at Benicia than at San Fran-
cisco, and asking that Benicia may be made a port
of entry.
Mr. W. remarked, that as a bill had nlready
been reported by the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Soui.e,] making Benieia, among others, a
port of entry, he would simply move that the
memorial be laid on the table; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BADGER presented (he memorial of Eliz-
abeth Armistead, widow of General W. K. Ar-
mistead, late of the United States army, asking
relief in relation to certain disbursements made by
her late husband, and disallowed by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Jo-
seph J. Graham, of Wythe comity, Virginia, set-
ting forth that, in the southwestern part of Vir-
ginia and East Tennessee, there are a great many
hardy, enterprising, and patriotic young men
anxious to remove west, and asking the authority
of Congress to organize a regiment of dragoons,
of not less than one thousand men, to constitute
a part of the army of the United States for a term
not less than three nor more than five years, and
that cifter their term expires a grant of a half sec-
tion of land be made to each, upon condition of
the actual settlement of the same; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affaire.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of Mrs. Myra Clark Gaines, widow of
Major General Edmund P. Gaines, setting forth
the long and arduous military services of her late
husband, the battles in which he was encag-ed,
with foreign powers as well as various Indian
tribes, the wounds received, &c., and asking to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
the heirs of Herman and Mayard Blannerhassett,
formerly residing on an island in the Ohio river,
setting forth that the property was taken posses-
sion of by an armed body of militia, called out
under a proclamation of the President in Decem-
ber, 3806; that, the cellars were broken open, and
the provisions and liquors taken, and the property
destroyed; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of citizens
of the United States residing in the valley of St.
Gabriel, and a petition from citizens of Buena
Vista, in California, asking a grant of land to the
Independent Emigration Company, No. 1, for
their services in opening and improving the route
to California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of physicians and other citi-
zens of Columbus, Ohio, asking that the, rank of
the medical officers of the navy may be assimi-
lated with that of officers of the army; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
Also, a petition from the faculty of the Ohio
Wesieynn University, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition from citizens and voters in the
Northern Liberties of Philadelphia, setting forth
that the present free population of the city and
county of Philadelphia is at least equal to that of
South Carolina, and under the operation of the
second section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, the representation in Congress of the slave
State is nm*, while that of the city and county is
only four; and that, as the slave owners only de-
mand to carry their property on terms of equality,
they ask that there, may be such alteration of the
Constitution as will prevent slave property being
the basis of representation in any new Territory
to be organized, or States to he admitted into the
Union; and that, until sueh alteration can he ef-
fected, Congress shall refuse to admit any more
States, or organize any slave territory; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr TURNEY presented the memorial of the
East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad Company,
asking the remission of certain duties on raihoad
iron; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WIIITCOMB submitted an additional
document in relation to the claim of Peter U.
Morgan, administrator of John Arnold, deceased,
and George G. Bishop; which, with the adverse
report made in the case, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was or-
dered that the memorial of the Western Chero-
kees, on the files of the Senate, asking a settlement
of their claims under the treaty of 1846, be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
House bill No. 107, being the bill for the relief of
Edward Everett, late a sergeant in the United
States army, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage. |
RESOLUTION. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol- j
lowing resolution for consideration: t
Resolved, That 500 additional copies of the me**a£re of,
the President of the 17tii of Julr last, onmmumeaiinar, in j
compliance with the resolution of the Senate, a lepoitof]
Lieutenant Weh*t^-r, of a survey of the Gulf con?t of the
mouth of the Rio Grande, together with the supplemental |
report, communicated the 23th instant, be printed. j
PRIVATE BILL. j
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
Senate bill No. 245, being the bill for the relief of
John Devlin; and no amendment having been
proposed, the bill was reported to the Senate and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.'
OATHS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
Senate bill No. 47, being the bill to authorize no-
taries public to take and certify oaths and affirma-
tions and acknowledgments in certain cases; and
no amendment having been proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I ask
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate the
petition and papers of A. R. McKee, relating to
some, money which he paid for Texas lands.
The PRESIDEN T. What is the condition of
the papers ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The papers were re-
ferred to a committee, and acted on favorably.
That committee reported a bill giving him money
for the land which the Government sold I can
state further, that Mr. McKee, under a sale made
by the Comptroller or Solicitor of the Treasury,
purchased lands which had been surrendeied by
Mr. Swartwout. The warrants which had been
granted by Texas had been placed in the hands
of a Mr. Mason. The Government made the
sale, guarantying, as the committee thought, thut
Mr. Mason should surrender the warrants. Mr.
McKee, at that time, had been unable to obtain
the warrants from Mr. Mason. I infer from his
letter, however, that since that time he has been
able, to get them. If he has, he has no claim
against the Government. On that ground he esks
that the proceedings here may be slopped and the
papers returned. 9
.On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
ordeicd that Alexander McKcc and Johnson Price
have leave to withdraw then petition arid papets.
RETURN OP ADVANCES TO GOVERNMENT.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the lelief of the Orange and
Alexandra Railroad Company.
This bill proposes to pay to this company, aa
assignees of the State of Virginia, $120,000, for
money advanced by the State of Virginia to the
United States, for erecting public buildings in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to inquire if the State
of Virginia herself has memorialized for the amount
which this bill proposes to pay to this company.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will give his
attention a few moments, I will explain this mat-
ter. At the last session of the General Assembly
! of Virginia, a law was parsed transferring to the
i Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company the
j claim0 which the State of Virginia had to the mon-
| ev which this bill proposes to pay. The memo-
' rial for the payment of the claim comes, therefore,
from the Orange and Alexandria Railroad Com-
pany, the assignees of the State of Virginia. It
is, nevertheless, as I understand, a debt due by
the General Government to the State of Virginia.
The State of Virginia have transferred their claim
to it to this railroad company, who are, therefore,
the petitioners for its payment.
In the year 1790 the Congress of the United
States passed an act establishing the temporary and
permanent seat of Govern merit of the United States.
That law located the permanent seat of Govern-
ment with in the State of Maty land, and comprised
within the District of Columbia no part of tne
; territory of Virginia. The fourth &cruon of that
I law provided that, for defraying the expenses of
! public buildings, the President of the United States
1 should be authorized and directed to acccpt giants
| of money. Prior to the passage of that act, how-
ever, in December, 1789, the Legislative of Vir-
ginia passed resolutions declaring, that if the Con-
gress of the United States would fix the seat of
Government anywhere within the States of Mary-
land or Virginia, on the Potomac river, the State
i of Virginia would advance to the General Govern-
| ment the sum of $120,000 in aid of the erection of
i the necessary public buildings. Afterwards, when
j in 1790 the Congress of the United States did lo-
cate the seat of Government upon the Potomac
| river and within the State of Maryland, the State
] of Virginia, by the law to which I have referred,
| recognized her obligation to advance this monty,
j althougn the District of Columbia was then located,
i altogether within the State of Maryland.
