3674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 27,
The President then was authorized to accept
grants of money fordefraying the expenses of the
public buildings, and the State of Virginia, prior
to that, had declared us willingness, if the seat of
Government was established on the Potomac river,
to advance a sum of money. When the seat of
Government was thus located on the Potomac
river, and the President was authorized to accept
grants of money, the State of Virginia, on the
27(h of December', 1790, passed a law, entitled
" An act concerning: an advance of money to the
Government of the CJnked States." Under that
law the sum of $190,000 was advanced to the
Government of the United States.
Now, the State of Virginia, considering this as
an advance of money and not as a gift, has trans-
ferred the claim, as I have said, to the Orange and
Alexandria Railroad Company, which company
petitions for its payment. I presume the only
question before the Senate can be, was this a loan
in the form of an advance, or was it a gift, in the
form of a grant. If it was a loan, I take it for
granted no one can deny the rightfulness of the
claim.
It will appear, as is set forth in the report of the
committee, and by the journals of the House of
Delegates of the State of Virginia, that on the 24th
of December, 1790, a bill was introduced " for
granting to the President of the United States the
sum of $120,000 for erecting public buildings on
the Potomac river, agreeably to a resolution of the
last Assembly." This bill passed through the
usual parliamentary forms of proceeding, and on
the 27th of December, 1790, it passed. But its
title, on its passage, was amended by substituting
for the words quoted above, the following: "An
act concerning an advance of money to the Presi-
dent of the United States for public buildings.''
This act is contained in the Virginia Statutes at
Large. The terms of the enactment are :
t( Whereas the General Assembly of Maryland have ac-
ceded to a proportion ot tlie Genera! Assembly of this
Commonwealth, contained in tli^ir resolution of the tenth
day of' Di-ef inb 'r, 1739, concerning an advance of money to
the General Government, to be applied towards erecting
pubh- building* at the permanent seat of the Government
ofthp United State's, should tho Congress deem it expedient
to fit it on the bank of th^ Potomac; and whereas, Con-
gress! have pa*s ed uri act for establishing the said seat of
Government on the Potomac. Be it enacted bvthe General
Jtssembly, That $120,000 >hall he advanced by thi« Common-
wealth to tite G-meral G vernment, payable in three equal
yearly t> lymenu, and to be applied towards erecting public
buildings at tli'- permanent *eit of the Government of the
Untf'd States on the hank of the Potomac : And the auditor
of public account i« hereby directed to i-«ue hi-* warrants
on the ir<ja*nr -r t'> th<> .uriount of §120,000, payable in the
manner hermnhefore directed to the order of the President
of the United States."
The history, then, of this transaction shows that
the State of Virginia, I presume in order to induce
the Government of the United States to locate the
seat ofGovernment on the Potomac river, proposed
that if the General Government would locate the
seat of Government on'he Potomac river, it would
advance the sum of $12Q,OUO towards the erection
of public buildings. The General Government
passed a law establishing the seat of Government
on the Potomac, und by the same law authorized
the President of the United States to accept grants
of money for the purpose of erecting public build-
ings. The State of Virginia, on the faith of its
previous resolution, subsequent to the law of Con-
gress, passed a law, not to grant the money to the
Government of the United States, as was origin-
ally proposed, but to advance it. The terms of
the law merely state that the purpose was ls to ad-
vance" the money. 1 submit, therefore, that it is
the duty of the Government of the United States
to refund the money.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 should like to be informed
by the Senator from Virginia whether the State of
Virginia has ever, previous to this time, made any
claim to have the amount of money refunded which
is now asked for by this bill? .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Never.
Mr. MASON. lam not aware that the State
of Virginia ever has-asked that this money should
be refunded. I recollect that pome four or five
years ago, after so much of the District of Colum-
bia as was within the limits of Virginia was retro-
ceded, a member of the General Assembly of Vir-
gin
introduced a resolution declaring that this l
sum of money had been advanced, was due, and
was subject to reclamation, and that it was then
proper to be reclaimed when Virginia no longer
possessed territory in the District of Columbia;
but no action was taken. I will state now that,
though the State of Virginia has certainly ad-
vanced the claim by assignment, yet that I,as one
of heir Representatives, have never received any
instructions from the State on the subject what-
ever. Nevertheless, Virginia has recognized the
claim by the assignment to this railroad company,
and I, as one of her Representatives, have deemed
it my duty to support it, and to ask that it be
paid. -
Mr. BRADBURY. To induce the location of
the seat of GoVernment-on the Potomac river, the
Commonwealth of Virginia proposed to advance
§120,000 to the General Government. The right to
reclaim it, I suppose, would depend upon the terms
of the grantor advancement. Now.sir, weshould
inquire what the intention of the Commonwealth
of Virginia was. At the time of making .this
proposition, did she understand thatshe was merely
making a loan to the General Government, or was
it a bona fide proposition—not depending upon the
technical terms in which the proposition was
couched—but a bona fide proposition to grant that
amount of money to secure the location of the
seat of Government upon the Potomac river?
! The conduct of Virginia for some sixty years, in
declining to make any reclamation of the fund,
would seem to show, as plainly as acts can show,
that the understanding of Vitginia was that she
j made it as a grant—as a donation to secure this
location. And, after this lapse of time, I think it
not a little remarkable that this company should
present an application of this kind, and expect
that the application would be granted.
Mr UNDERWOOD. I rise to state to the
Senate the reasons which have influenced me to
go for the passage of this bill. In looking at the
legislation of Congress, and also at the legislation
of Virginia, I am satisfied that the General Gov*
ernment received this money as a donation, and
so regarded it. Accounts, I believe, were kept at
the Treasury, looking upon it in the light of a do-
nation. But now, sir, this question comes up.
When you look at the legislation of Virginia, you
will find that when she came to act upon the legis-
lation of Congress, she did not conform her legis-
lation to the language which Congress had adopted
I toexpress her ideasand her views,but she adopted
i language which, as shown by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] had the idea upon the
face of it that she did not intend to make it a gift,
but merely an ndvancement, thereby leaving to
herself the right to reclaim the money, if she
might deem proper so to do, at a future day.
This was done at a time when the Government of
the United States was poor; and it was done, as
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] has said,
with a view to secure the location of the seat of
Government on the Potomac. Now, sir, I, for
one, under such circumstances, am not willing,
when the Government has become rich, to hold to
the money, even if it was regarded as a gift, when
she claims it back again from the Government,
through her assignee.
Sir, this is no new question with me. I recol-
lect a case which illustrates the whole subject,
which was discussed year after year in the Ken-
tucky Legislature. The citizens in and about
Frankfort made large donations for the purpose of
securing the location of the seat of Government in
their town. Some of them became unfortunate in
the course of their business transactions. They
became reduced from affluence to comparative
want, and they then applied to the State of Ken-
tucky to refund to them the money which they
had thus advanced when the Government seemed
to want it, and when they had the ability to make
the advance. I believe the Government, respond-
ing to that application, returned the money. I
think it ought to be done in all cases of the kind.
Now, I by no means represent the Common-
wealth of Virginia, my old mother, whom I so
much honor, in the position of a beggar, or in the
attitude of a pauper. Not at all. She can live
without this money. Her assignees, perhaps, can
get along without it. But she has thought proper,
for the purpose of aiding a great public improve-
ment—one which will redound to our advantage
as well as to hers; one connecting Alexandria, near
the seat of Government, with her western territo-
ry—to transfer her claims to the railroad company,
to be expended for these useful purposes. If it
had been a gift in every sense of the word, origin-
ally, <2 would not hold on under such circum-
stances. My disposition is, now that we are
able, to return it.
I think the Government ought to have located
the permanent seat of .the National Government
without any temptation to be derived from money.
I think it should have done it upon principle—in
reference to the general interests of the nation, con-
sidering population, centrality, and so forth. Sir,
the seat of Government turns out to have been
very properly located where it is, whether the
Government was influenced by the donations made
i by Virginia and Maryland or not. For, sir, the
tahles of population sho*w that, although in point
of centrality the proper location has been traveling
West, yet, in referenceto a northern and southern
line, it is within twenty or thirty miles of the
proper centre ; and at the time it was located, ac-
cording to population and territory it was a very
proper location. Though I think that money-
ought not to have been received as an inducement
to the Government to locate the seat of Govern-
ment here, yet I think we may pass this bill
Mr. MASON. One word more. If this had
been a gift on the part of Virginia, or a grant by
which they parted with their right, I trust the
character of Virginia in this Confederacy would
show that she would not either claim it herself or
suffer her assignees to do it. But, as it was an ad-
vance or a loan, by which the right was not parted
with, but subject to reclamation, there certainly is
no impropriety in Virginia disposing of the fund
in any manner she may deem proper.
Now, as I said, in the original proposition ttf
advance the money only, and upon its passage, the
title was altered and conformed with the text.
The title, which was to make a grant" of money,
was altered to lt an advance," and the enacting
clause showed that it was an advance.
But I will state further to the Senate, what es-
caped my attention at the moment, that, orior to
that, in 1783, the General Assembly of Virginia
made a proposition to Congress to locate the seat
of Government at Williamsburg, then the seat of
government of the State, where the public business
was transacted. At that time the Government of
the country lacked fiscal ability to command the
amount necessary to erect its public buildings, and
in order to induce the Government to locate the
seat of Government at Williamsburg, the State of
Virginia offered to give up to the Government all
its public buildings in Williamsburg,provided they
would locate the seat of Government there. The
terms of the proposition were these:
"Thatif the honorable.Congress should esteem the city
of Williamsburg, in this State, a fit placw for their session,
the Assembly will present them, on their removal (hereto,
and during their continuance therein, with the palace, the
cnpitol, and all public buildings, and three hundred acres of
land Adjoining the said city, together with a  um of money
not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds, (£100,000,)
this State's currency."
Subsequently, in oFder to induce them to locate
the seat of Government, not within the limits of
Virginia, but on the Potomac river, the proposi-
tion was that they would advance to the General
Government the sum of $120,000. Now, it ap-
pears from the report made by the committee that
that sum was till advanced. It was paid over to the
Treasury in sums of $40,000 a year; and it ap-
pears that Gen. Washington, who was not only a
citizen of Virginia, and conversant with this sub-
ject, but had the superintendence of the business,
asks, in a letter fi to the Commissioners of the Fed-
eral District,"dated August 29th, 1793, " In what
manner would it be proper to state the account
with the States of Virginia and Maryland, they
having advanced money which has not been all
expended for the objects for which it was appro-
priated And it does appear that the sum of
$40,999, part of this §120,000, was all that was
used by the Commissioners of Public Buildings.
1 submit to the Senate, therefore, that it was sub-
stantially a loan, and that the claim of Virginia,
which she has assigned to this railroad company,
is a just one.
Mr. BADGER. I have collected what little I
know about the nature of this claim from what
has been said here this morning, my attention
never having been pieviously called to the subject.
If I "understand it aright, more tharj^half a century
ago the sum of $120,000 was received by this Gov-
ernment from thegovernment of Virginia. ft was
received and treated by the Government as a sum
of money paid to the United States, to be kept by
the United States either as a gift or as a consider-
