1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOpE.
581
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the pri-
vate calendar.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules besusperded,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to talo up
the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. PECK said that, by the rules, this was the
day on which bills on the private calendar, to
which no objection should be made, could be con-
sidered. It was important, therefore, that the
House should proceed to the*consideration of the
private calendar. He hoped the motion to go into
committee on the private calendar would prevail.
The SPEAKER said the question would first
be put on the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Thomas,] to go into committee on
the private calendar.
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays, and
for tellers to ascertain whether there was a suffi-
cient number to order them.
Tellers were refused, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. JONES asked for tellers on the motion to
go into a Committee of the Whole, and they were
ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Buel and Clingman acting as such,) and there be-
in£ a tie—ayes 73, noes 73,
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, and
the question was determined in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Richardson in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bills on the private calendar.
Mr. JONES was understood to inquire of the
Chair whether, as this was objection day, it
would not be in order, to object to the whole calen-
dar at once; and thus save time ?
The CHAIR said objection could only be made
to the bills, severally, as they came up in order.
The first bill in order being the bill for the relief
of Camfield Averill, was considered and laid aside
to be reported to the House.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the Committee rise,
and report the bill to the House,
Mr. VINTON said it was of the utmost import-
ance that the deficiency appropriation bill should
be disposed of without delay, and expressed the
hope that the motion for the Committee to lise
would prevail.
The question was put on the motion, and it was
decided in the affirmative.
The committeee rose accordingly, and the chair-
man reported the favorable action on the bill for
the relief of Camfield Averill.
The bill was then read and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and, being engrossed,
it was read the third time and passed.
THE DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill to supply deficiencies in
the appropriation for the service of the fiscal year,
ending the 30th of June, 1850.
The bill was read by sections, with the view to
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY submitted the following amend-
ment, which he said had met the approbation of a
quorum of the Committee of Ways and Means,
viz:
For deficiency of appropriations for the contingent ex-
penses of the First Auditor's office, for the fiscal year, end-
ing 30th June, 1850, the sum of $650.
The question was put on the adoption of the
amendment, and it was agreed to.
FOREIGN MISSIONS.
Mr. BAYLY said he had been directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and in obedience
to a lequest from the Executive, to introduce the
following amendment, viz:
For outfit of the minister to Prussia, $9,000.
For outfit of charge d'affaires to Austria, $*4,500.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired whether
the outfit for the charge to Austria was for the
minister already sent, or for the future.
Mr. BAYLY said that Colonel Webb, who had
been rejected, had received his outfit; and that
if the House refused this appropriation, it would
cut off our intercourse with Austria.
Mr. McLANE expressed some objection to
making an appropriation, if it was to inure to the
advantage of the minister (Col. Webb) who had
been rejected, He was opposed to any appropri-
ation to cover this mission, in consequence of the
circumstances connected with his departure from
this country.
After a few further remarks, by Messrs. BAY-
LY, McLANE, and HUNTER,
Mr. McLANE moved to strike out the $4,500
for the outfit of charge to Austria, and made some
further opposition to such an appropriation. He
concluded by withdrawing the amendment.
Mr. ASHE renewed it.
The question was put on striking out, and dis-
agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND intimated a desire to say
something on the mission to Austria, but said he
would defer his remarks till Monday, when he
would express his views upon the subject.
The question was then put on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Bayly; and it was agreed to.
The clause next in order was the following:
" For fifteen days service? of Joseph Bn an, as commis-
sioner, appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, to take
testimony, and to report to him in the matter of Isaac H.
Robins, a clerk in the office of tile Auditor of the Post Office
Department, clmrged with purloining money fiom the iron
ehe&t, in the s?aid department, at <$8 per day, $l-20.';
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike out all of the
above after the word "Bryan," and insert as fol-
lows:
" As commissioner to take testimony in pursuance of an
inquiry by direction of the Secretary of tlie Treasury, at $8
pur day, $120."
Mr. BAYLY explained that the leason for the
change in language was, that the section states
what the charge was merely. On the investiga-
tion, however, Mr. Robins was fully acquitted.
It #vas obviousty improper, then, that the phrase-
ology in the printed bill should stand. The
phraseology, he proposed, would remove the ob-
jection.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the whole.
There was no authority for making such an ap-
propriation.
The CHAIR stated that it was not in order un-
til the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] was disposed of.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
Mr. Bayly's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES renewed his motion to stnke out
the whole clause. He objected to the investi-
gation by which the expense was incurred, as
illegal.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, explained that the
investigation—being one of inquiry merely—was
ordered on the solicitation of the friends of Mr.
Robins. He said that the gentleman had been
fully acquitted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
whether the proceeding was a legal proceeding ?
Mr. BROWN. No; it was merely an inquiry,
ordered at the instance of Mr. Robins's friends.
Mr. THOMPSON made some remarks, insist-
ing that the claim was wrong. The department
had no right to order such investigations at the
expense of the Government. The whole proceed-
ing was wrong.
The question was then taken by tellers (Messrs.
Brooks and Mason acting as such)on the motion
of Mr. Jones to strike out, and it was disagreed
to—ayes 63, noes 69.
On motion by Mr. GREEN, and by unanimous
consent, he was permitted to modify his amend-
ment, adopted yesterday,to read as follows:
" Provided, That thereafter the clerks shall be tran*fef red
from the departments in proportion to the business trans-
feried, to the Department of the Interior;, or from the bu-
reaus of other departments, and nothing herein contameJ
shall he construed to authorize any increase of clerical
toice in the several departments, in consequence of the
creation of the Department of the Interior, above the speci-
fication of the law of March 3d, 1849."
The following clause of the bill was next con-
sidered, viz:
" Toward the creetion of the wines of the Patent Office
building according to the original plan, under the direction
of the Secretary of State, ninety thousand dollars, to be
paid out of the patent fund."
Mr. O'i'lS moved to strike out the words " to
be paid out of the patent fund."
This amendment was discussed at some length.
Messrs. OTIS, SACKETT, SCHENCK, CON-
GER, and MATTESON, supported the amend-
ment, maintaining, that the building was not wanted
for the Patent Office proper, and should be con-
structed out of the common treasury.
Mr. CLARKE remarked, that he understood
that the two wings of the Patent-Office which we
were now building, and on which considerate ex-
pense had already been bestowed, were not neces-
sary for the use of the Patent-Office—that the de-
sign was to devote them to the use of the Home
Department. For this reason, he should oppose
their being built at the expense of the Patent-Office
fund. That fund was derived almost exclusively
from those who took out patents for new and use-
ful discoveries. Why use this fund to erect build-
ings for the general use of the Government? Gen-
tlemen say, that "these inventors ought to be taxed
* as well as others; that they are protected in their
' inventions; and that they exact large contribu-
' tions from the community for their inventions;
'that it is those who use, not those who make the
'inventions, that create this fund."
These inventors are taxed as well as others, and
the thirty dollars they pay for a patent is an addi-
tion to the general tax. No one contributes to
this fund but the inventor. No one will deny that
the country has derived incalculable benefit from
the labors of the ingenious men who have created
this fund: and who amongst them has made any-
thing by his inventions?
It is not the ingenious man that derives profit
for his invention—it is not his forte to make
money. It is the happy speculator in patent rights
that makes the money. It is the country that uses
the invention that receives the benefit. The poet,
and the inventor of the machine, are proverbially
poor.
It is amazing to hear gentlemen from the South
aver that it is right to tax these ingenious men for
their inventions, and that it is the country—those
who use the inventions—that create the Patent-
Office fund.
My countryman, Whitney, invented the cotton
gin—a machine that added perhaps half to the
value—the net profit—of the whole cotton crop.
History is wonderfully falsified if the South paid
for this invention. The inventor was nearly
ruined. The inventor of the first and best imple-
ment in agriculture—the iron plow—died poor.
The inventor of the horse rake, that has saved
millions to the country, never made a penny by
his invention.
Gentlemen say that it is a great privilege that
ingenious men are protected in the exclusive use
of their inventions. Without stopping to inquire,
how well the inventor is protected, or to comment
on the eternal depredations that are made on what
ought to be protected by the patent, 1 take occa-
sion to say, that, in my estimation, tlie inventor of
a new and useful machine has a natural, an inhe-
rent right to his invention, and, for a time certain-
ly, to its exclusive uae. His inventions are the
children of his brain, and are as much his as the
children of his loins. Some better, some nobler
use should be made of this fund; some use that
should stimulate, regulate, and direct inquiring
minds, and reward ingenious men.
If this fund is to be used for the common pur-
poses of Government, it is high time that the price
of obtaining a patent should be reduced.
I can see no plausible reason why these ingeni-
ous men should be exclusively taxed to erect
buildings for the Government, unless it be that
they live north of " Mason and Dixon's line."
Messrs. BAYLY, STANTON of Tennessee,
VENABLE, JONES, and HUNTER, opposed
the amendment, asserting that the ground upon
which the building had been commenced was, that
it was necessary for the purposes of the Patent
Office. They were for applying the Patent Office
fund, which was not wanted for any other pur-
pose, to that object.
Pending the discussion on the above,
Messrs. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, and HAR-
RIS, of Illinois, severally proposed amendments,
which were ruled out of order by the Chair. These
amendments were subsequently again offered, and
acted upon.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing as a substitute:
"And the funds hereafter arising from patents, after pay-
ing the expenses of the Patent Office, shall lie paid into the
Tieasnry, m the same manner as moneys arisingfrom cus-
toms."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order,
on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following, which
