582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
he asked the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Otis] to
accept as a modification of his amendment, viz:
" And that the said Patent-Office building, when com-
pleted, shall be appropriated to the use of the general De-
partment of the Interior, including the office of the Com-
missioner of Patents."
Mr. OTIS refused to accept it as a modification
of his.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Otis, and decided in the negative, on a
count by tellers, (Messrs. Waldo and Fowler
acting as such)—ayes 60, noes 80.
Mr. FULLER desired to introduce an amend-
ment into a clause of the bill passed upon, but it
was objected to.
Mr. SCHENCK again offered his amendment,
hs reported above, but
Mr. JONES objected to it on the ground of ir-
relevancy, and
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
After a few remarks by Messrs. STANTON, of
Tennessee, and THOMPSON, of Mississippi, as
to whether the original design had not been depart-
ed from, in the erection of the wings of the patent
buildinsr,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to strike
out all after the word " building," and insert
" §10,000, which sum shall be faithfully applied to
paying 'he debts now due the mechanics and la-
borers who have been employed in doing work on
said wings, to be paid out of the patent fund."
Mr. JOHNSON made some remarks in support
of his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to strike out the entire
clause in the bill, and offered the following as a
substitute, viz:
"Toward the erection of the wings of the-Patent-Offiee
building, according to the original plan, under direction of
the Secretary of ltie Interior, .«<> as to complete tile s«iid
building for tile use of the Department of the IntPrior, in-
cluding the offr-e ol the Commissioner of Patents, §90,0u0."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order;
then
After a few remarks by Messrs. THOMPSON
of Mississippi, BOWDON, McLANE of Mary-
land, BAYLY, JOHNSON of Tennessee, and
SCHENCK,
Mr. ASHE moved that the committee rise.
The question was put on the motion and decided
in the negative.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee; and it was re-
jected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, offered the following
amendment, viz:
" Provided, That hereafter the fee* now established by law,
to be paid by applicant* (or parent*, where such applicants
ar« cif z >ns of ihe United Slates, shall be leduccd to one
halt'their present rates."
Mr. BAYLY objected to the amendment as out
of order—that it was irrelevant
The CHAfR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. HARRIS took an appeal, and made some
remarks as to the relevancy of the proposed
amendment. He subsequently withdrew the ap-
peal.
Mr. SCHENCK again proposed his amend-
ment, which was read, [hs reported above.]
Mr. JONES raised the question of relevancy
upon the amendment.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
in order.
Mr. JONES took an appeal from this decision.
After a few remarks on this point, by Messrs.
SCHENCK, JONES, and DISNEY,
The question was put, "Shall thedecision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?" and
it was de:ermined m the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK explained, and enfoiced the
propriety of his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and 11 was rejected, on a count by tellers—
ayes 71, noes 79.
The following clause now being under consider-
ation, viz;
i( Fo- expen«e« of running and marking the boundary line
between 'lie United States and Meueo, and paying the
salaues of the officers of the commi^ion,
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the above, by
inserting: the words, "and men," after the word
" officers,"
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration,
viz:
"For contingent expenses of engineer ^officers engaged
in an examination of the coast of the United States on the
Pacific ocean, in reference to the defence of the same,
$15,000."
Mr. BAYLY moved to strike it out, and insert
the following, viz:
" To provide for unforeseen expenses in the survey of the
western coast of the United States, already commenced,
$15,000."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration,
viz:
" To provide for the removal and subsistence of the
Seminole Indians, now in Florida, west of ihe Mississippi,
$400,000."
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend it by striking
out. $400,000, arid inserting $200,000.
Messrs. CARTTER, PHELPS, JONES, and
HUBBARD, made some remarks in favor of the
amendment; and
Messrs. BAYLY, CABELL of Florida, HAR-
ALSON, and TOOMBS, opposed the amendment,
on the ground that it was not known how many
Indians were to be removed, and that if the full
amount that was necessary to remove and subsist
them for one year was not appropriated, a war
might be the consequence, which would involve
an expenditure of millions.
Mr. JONES proposed an amendment, appro-
priating $100,000 for the removal of the Indians,
and to strike out the word " subsistence."
The CHAIR stated that the question would be
first taken on the largest amount.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Cartter, by tellers, (Messrs.
Harris, of Tennessee, and Casey acting as such,)
and decided in the affirmative—ayes 75, noes 69.
Mr. JONES now moved to strike out the word
" subsistence," so as to leave the $200,000 appli-
cable to the removal alone of the Indians.
The question was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
COLONIZATION.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the follow-
ing amendment:
" To provide for the removal of the free negroes from the
United Staler to Liberia, $900,000."
The CHAfR decided that the amendment was
out of order, on the ground that there was no law
authorizing; such an appropriation.
Mr. EVANS said it was just as relevant in this
bill, as the proposition to remove the Indians.
INDIANS IN OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON moved the following amend-
merr:
a For the management of the Indian affairs in Oregon
teirron, to be expended under the direction of the I'resi-
dfiu, $10,000, to supply the deficiency in the appropriation
ma it; by the act of 14th of August, 1848."
ihe CHAIR decided that the amendment was
out of order, on the ground that it provided a new
object of expenditure—the purposes of the law of
J848 having been fulfilled.
Mr. THURSTON appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
The question now being, "Shall the decision of
the Chair siand as the judgment of the committee?"
Tellers were demanded, and ordered.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Bis-
sell and Duer acting as tellers,) and decided in
the negative—ayes 53, noes 69.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
The question was put, and decided in the neg-
ative.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. THURSTON rose and addressed the com-
miitee as follows:
He said: Mr. Chairman, if I can enlist the ear
of the committee for a few moments, I will state, ;
as conci&ely as 1 can, the ieabons for offering this !
amendment to the bill. The amendment proposes '
an appropriation of the small sum of ten thousand ■
dollars, to he expended, under the direction of the j
President, for the management of Indian affairs m j
Oregon Territory, to supply deficiencies arising I
under the thirteenth section of the act organizing i
the Territory of Oregon. And this sum, however !
small it may be, I should not expect to get, unless I
I could present to the committee a good reason |
why it should be granted; and what is the reason,
sir?
I wish the committee to understand, that al-
though the white population in Oregon reaches
about fifteen thousand, up to this time, the Indian
title to a foot of land in that ten itory never has
been extinguished. Consequently no man owns
afootof land in Oregon; but all of us are com-
paratively trespassers upon the soil. The laws of
the United Stales, so far as the same are applica-
ble, were extended over the territoy by the organic
act, approved August 14, 1848. Since that time
the whole territory, if not actually, to all intents
and purposes, an Indian country, is governed by
the laws regulating intercourse with the Indians.
The governor, as superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, feels himself bound to protect the Indians
in their rights, yet it is impossible for him to do
so, without disregarding the rights of the whiter.
The consequence is, that he is placed between two
fire3, one of which he is sure to receive. To en-
force the rights of the Indian strictly, would ope-
rate ruta to the whites; while to protect the inte-
rests of the whites, as they ought to be protected,
would be adding misery to the present wretched-
ness of the Indians. The whites are pushing
their interests, and the Indians are importuning
him for a redress of their grievances. The Inthans
could be pacified for a while, and would willingly
give way to the whites, if they could receive the
Feast evidence of the nation's of regard for them.
But to manifest toward them this legard, and to
| manage them properly, the governor of the ter-
ritory must have some means at his command, by
way of presents, to get them to yield peaceub'y
before the settlements of the whites, and to punish
them in case they commit depredations on the
whites.
The act organizing the Territory, was approved
the 14th of August, 1848. That act made an ap-
propriation of $10,000 out of which, two agents
sent here fiom Oregon were to be paid, ana the
balance expended, under the direction of the
President, for purchasing preserts for the Indians.
The payment of the agents exhausted the major
part of the appropriation. We are now on the
last half of the second year, since that appropria-
tion was made, and yet this nation has had the
magnanimity to expect the Governor of Oregon
Territory to manage swarms of ignorant, dissatis-
fied, and in many cases, hostile Indian?, on prin-
ciples of peace, with about $3,000 at hts command.
I will venture to say, Mr. Chairman, that the his-
tory of this Government does not furnish—and I
hope in God never will again furnish—such a cold
and heartless neglect, either of its own citizen-, or
of the Indians, as is to be found in its conduct to-
ward Oregon. Twelve long years have elapsed,
sir, since, at the instance of this Government,
American citizens began to emigrate to, and settle
in, Oregon, yet up to this time, that number of
thousands of dollars never have been expended
there, either for whites or Indians.
But, to show you the embarrassments to which
the governor of that territory must be subject, I
hold in my hands an estimate, taken from his re-
port to the department, by which it will be seen
that the number of Indians west of the Cascade
mountains, scattered all round among us—a part of
them located in our streets and living in our midst,
to the great annoyance of the people—amount to
8,448. Here, sir, are the details:
Cape Flattery Indians 1400
Snowguamieh Indians  500
Tribes along the western shore of Puget's sound  500
Tube" along the -bore of Hood'- canal  
Those around Ne&qualIy,Puiallep. and Sirmaini-h liv-
ers  ,350
Those living on the southern extiemitv o( YVludb}
j land, called the Stnahamwh 
The Snoqiialicktf 
Tne Skegvvonnsh Indian*  },=>()
The Skaget* -  r>oo
; The Nooklulumie Indians '.h?o
j The Cowlitz Indians  j-jO
i The Chinook>  ]00
l The tiueuoli and Chohali.-..    ,ii o
Oiher* livinjj on the Columbia, not named.....  150
Those living on the Falls of the Columbia  I.W
! Rlolallas    ion
Clackamas Indians  tO
Molalla*    -if;
Khckatats,.    ];-0
Calapoaias           oo
Tuahtms    CO
The Yam Hill Indians  90
Luekamiuke Indians 
Vmpua Indiana   200
The Kilamukee  2U()
