16 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 27,
this money as it is proposed, is because the Sena-
tor from North Carolina chooses to regard it as a
grant, in the nature of an irrevocable bounty. But
he, as well as others, if you would give him an
opportunity, would vote to give the public lands to
establish roads in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, or
Arkansas, and I believe in Alabama, and he would
vote money too. But in this case we are but
claiming back what Virginia has advanced, and
we are met by technical objections of this sort.
Now, Virginia regarded this, by her act, as an ad-
vancement; and I abide by her view of the subject
rather than by that which may be inferred from the
accounts of the Federal Government.
Mr. BADGER, I think there is a material dif-
ference between the two things which the Senator
from South Carolina seems to consider identical.
I might be very willing to vote this sum of $120,000
for the purpose of aiding an important public im-
provement, if it were asked on the ground that it was j
an important public improvement, and if it were
necessary to its completion to receive this assist-
ance. But I am not willing to pay that sum of
money for the satisfaction of a debt when, in my
opinion, no debt is due. If I vote for it, I want it
put on the ground of being a sum of money to aid
an important public improvement, and not assume :
the ground that I am paying back to the State of
Virginia the sum of one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars which this Government owes.
So, pir, with respect to granting public lands and
granting alternate sections or townships; I have
voted for many such propositions, and I am will-
ing to vote for them again on every suitable oc-
casion. But if, when a bill is brought in, it
commences by saying, 61 that whereas the United
States owes a sum of money," and it is intended
to vote it on that ground, I will not vote for it;
because 1 want it to stand exactly as it is. I un-
derstand the Senator from Virginia, who first ad-
dressed the Senate, [Mr. Mason-,] to put the claim
on the ground of its being an assignment to this
company of a claim for money which Virginia ad-
vanced to the United States. I understand that
the Senator from Virginia, who last addressed the
Senate, [Mr. Hunter,] puts the claim* on a dif-
ferent ground. 1 cannot recognize it in the char- ;
acter of a debt, and therefore 1 cannot put it into a
bill which assumes it to be a debt. If the State of :
Virginia puts m a claim for the payment as for a
debt due to her, I am willing to vote for it, but I
am not willing to treat it as a claim which may be
assignable to a company, however willing [ might
be to vote a sum of money to aid this .improve-
ment. ]
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted that if the
Senator from North Carolina stands here as? a*!
trustee, representing an interest confided to him .
by his* constituency, he will vote money if he 1
considers it due and right that it should be paid, j
And, if so, I cannot see how he draws a.distinc- ;
tion between paying money to a creditor or an ;
assignee of that creditor. I understand he would !
vote for it if Virginia should ask for it, and not >
the assignee. Nov/, if this isa jusj, and fair claim, ,
I cannot see why, if he would vote to pay the ■
creditor, he would not vote to pay an acknowl-
edged bona fide assignee. Virginia has assigned
this claim, as the report of the committee shows,
in the following language:
" To maintain the right of this company to the said claim,
the president and directors have exhibited an authenticated
copy of a joint resolution of the two houses of the Les>is- |
1 ature 6f Virginia, adopted the loth of March, 1850. By the
terms of ttiis act of the said Legislature, the claim of that
Commonwealth against the Government of the United i
State* for the sum of one hundred and twenty thousand '
dollars, advanced to the United States by an act of Assem-
bly of the 27th of December, 1790, is transferred to the :
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company, with power to
demand and receive tbp same, and the interest thereon; and
the same joint resolution unites to this transfer an obhg.i- ,
lion on the said company to issue stock for the amount
thereof to the use of the piimary schools of Virginia."
Now, what earthly difference can there be, so far
as the validity of the claim is concerned, whether 1
the claim is made by the creditor in propria ptr-
sona or by his assignee? If the Senator from
North Carolina means to be governed in this in-
stance by a strict application of the ordinary rules
of municipal law by which Virginia is barred by ;
lapse of time, and the assignee also, let him say :
so. But if he acknowledges the validity of the
claim in any form, I cannot see how he can draw
any distinction between the creditor claiming in ''
person and claiming through another. Sir, the i
facts are as I have stated. I have received no in-
structions from Virginia. The claim is presented
by her assignee. The State of Virginia cannot re-
claim this money from Congress, unless Congress
in its sense of justice and in its discretion deter-
mines to give it, for the claim would be barred by
the lapse of time; but it now rests upon the facts
which show that the money was given in the
nature of a loan.
Mr. BADGER. •# can very easily explain the
motive that would govern me, whether it would be
satisfactory to govern the Senator from Virginia or
not. In the first place, I do not admit that this is
& just claim; and the reason why I said I would
pay the State of Virginia, but would not acknowl-
edge her right to draw upon me for it through her
assignee, may be illustrated by a private transac-
tion. If a friend, twenty years sgo, had made me
a present of a sum of money, and thought proper
afterwards to come forward and say he chose to
convert the gift into a loan, there is a feeling with-
in me which would incline me to pay it, -while I
would not allow him to transfer his claim to Wall
street, and draw upon me as a bona fide creditor.
Mr. MASON. I apprehend the Senator from
North Carolina would make no difference between
a debt due to himself and a debt due to him as a
trustee. I would draw a distinction between a fair
and just claim, and one which appealed rather to
svmnathy. But, if this isa debt due to the State
of Virginia, T see not why it is not due to her as-
signee; and if it is not due to her, it is not due to
her assignee.
Mr. CASS, That the State of Virginia advanced
this money to the United States, long since, in the
day of their poverty, and that they now ask it
back in the day of their prosperity, are incontro-
vertible facts; for I consider the views presented
upon this branch of the subject by the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] as unassailable. Vir-
ginia, by the transfer of the claim and by the ap-
plication of the assignee, makes as true a demand
as though she had an attorney in fact here acting
by her special order. Now, what is the objection
to the repayment of this money? That the money
was a gift and not a loan, Mr. President, is a de-
fence unworthy of us. We have had the money
of the State of Virginia, used it for our purposes,
and now she asks us to refund it. It ill becomes
us to avoid the debt by saying that was a gift
which she says was a loan. It is a defence which
an honorable individual in private life would be
very unwilling to resort to. He would pay the
debt when he was able; and as we are now able
to pay, I am willing to act upon this principle, and
"discharge this claim by its fair payment, and not
by denying its validity.  
Mr. DAYTON. From the first statement of
this claim it has seemed to me to be one of a very
singular character. One of the Senators of Vir-
ginia predicated this claim upon a kind of legal
right. He looks upon it as a loan subject to rec-
lamation. It seems to me that the reading of the
law, and the statement of the facts, are a conclu-
sive ansv/er to that idea, that it was never so in-
tended, and that Virginia, for sixty years past,
since the date of the transaction, has never so con-
sidered it. The other Senator from Virginia pred-
icates the claim upon the ground of its equity of
some description, which I do not fully understand,-
because this case certainly has no analogy what-
ever to the common case of a grant of lands for
public improvements. The facts that relate to
this matter are within a. small compass. The
State of Virginia, like other States, was anxious
to have the capital located within the State, or near
to its borders, and as an inducement to have the
location made she offers $120,000 in money. That
inducement, connected with other inducements,
prevailed, the capital is located here, and the citi-
zens of Virginia now have in fact a market imme-
diately upon their own borders, the income of
which is twice told the amount of this money
every year. She has had full pay, pay tenfold,
for this inducement, which she then held out for
the location of this capital within the State, or
near her borders. And yet, under these circum-
stances, she comes here and asks—no she does not
ask; the State of Virginia standing erect will make
no claim for this money. She never has made
any, and her Senator says she will never make
any claim. Her Senators feel as the State of Vir-
ginia herself -feels. Appreciating the original char-
acter of this transaction, she disdains herself, in
her capacity as a State, to reclaim or ask back this
money; but, if there be an equity in this matter,
she assigns it over to the corporation of Alexan-
dria, and she may come and ask what the General
Government chooses to give. Now, this is the
position of the matter. The State of Virginia ad-
vanced this money foracertain purpose,and upon
a certain inducement, and she has had and is now
receiving the quid pro quo daily for the money ad-
vanced. And yet she comes here—not she, but
her assignee—and asks the* repayment of this
money. For one, I cannot see either the justice
or the equity of this transaction; and it seems to
me that if you recognize this claim on the part of
Virginia or her assignee, you must also recognize
the claim on the part of individuals who have
granted alternate sections or lots of land in the
District. Why, I understand that the very land
on which the city of Washington is built, is in
part individual contribution. Where, then, is this
thing to end? It seems to me, with great respect
and deference to the opinions of others, that this
is a claim which is not founded either in equity or
law, and I trust it will be rejected. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon the question.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am not disposed to pro-
long discussion on this question; and I would not
say another word were it not that 1 understand
this as the beginning of a new class of claim3
which are to be made upon the Government. If
this claim should be allowed by Congress, is there
any reason to suppose that the State of Maryland
may not stand ready to present a similar claim?
For anything we know, a bill may now be already
prepared with that view. And if the principle is
adopted by passing this bill, certainly the claims
of individuals, that have been adverted to by the
Senator from New Jersey, would come within
that principle, and could not be resisted. This
seems to be the day when antiquated claims are
presented, and sometimes allowed. We have in
this case the remarkable fact that Virginia, for a
period of sixty years, has at no time made any
claim upon the Government for this money. A
few years ago the Treasury of the United States
was overflowing, and if Virginia even supposed
that this grant was in the nature of a loan, she un-
questionably would have made a claim; because
the Treasury was in a situation then to have met
that claim. She did not make any such applica-
tion; and we have, in the fact that at that period
she made no claim, the strongest .reason to regard
it as conclusive that she considered it a donation,
and not a loan. So the original transaction shows.
No security was taken; and that is originally
the test in transactions of this kind—of the char-
acter of the transaction, whether it is intended as
a loan or as a gift. I think that, under the circum-
stances, we are not called upon to refund this
money. It is contended that it is to be expended
>'r^n enterprise, the benefit of which is to inure
to the city of Alexandria, and that it will equally
benefit the District of Columbia; and that we are
equitably called upon to restore the money, inas-
much as Alexandria has been retroceded to the
State of Virginia. But it should be remembered
that, before that retrocession, very considerable
expenditures were mad^by the Government, and
many public buildings were erected within the
limits retroceded; and that that retrocession was
at the request of the inhabitants of Virginia. And,
again, it may be within the knowledge of Senators
here—for I have so understood it, although I am
not in possession of the facts so as to assert posi-
tively that it is the case—that the Government has
been liberal towards the District of Columbia and
the city of Alexandria, and that that city has been
relieved from very considerable responsibilities bv
the Government in making subscriptions to some
public works that were undertaken by her. How
large those subscriptions were, and to what extent
she has been relieved, I cannot undertake to say;
but, if we are to go into the equity of the case,
these equities on the other side ought to be con-
sidered.  
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Many of the States of
this Union have advanced money in aid of this
Government in its Indian wars and for other pur-
poses; and, since I have been here, I do not know-
that a solitary bill that has ever been presented
on the part of any of these States to reclaim the
amounts thus advanced, or even the interest upon
them, as in the case of Georgia and other States,
has been rejected,-and-a compliance with its pro-
