1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
posals refused. Upon what ground is it that you
have set this example and paid back the money in
these cases? It is on the ground that the States
have thus advanced the money to the United States
for their use and benefit. These States have not
been called upon to make these advances posi-
tively; and yet even when money thus advanced
is expended in defending their own citizens, in
consequence of an obligation placed upon you by
the Constitution to defend them, you have invaria-
bly returned the money and the interest. Where,
then, is the difference between the case to which 1
have just adverted and that now under considera-
tion? The State of Virginia has advanced money
to the General Government for the purpose of
erecting the necessary public buildings; you have
accepted the use of the money, and have had the
benefit of it. You live in the houses which weie
erected with this money; in your daily transaction
of the public business you are sheltered by them;
and yet, when you are called upon to lefund the
money thus advanced, you make a distinction be-
tween money thus used and money which has been
advanced for the purpose of defence against In-
dians. Where is the difference ? I must confess
that my mind is not sufficiently acute to perceive it.
But the Senator fi"m Maine [Mr. Bradbury]
and the Senator from New Jersey [Mr T)ayto,yJ
say that if you pass this bill you lay the founda-
tion for a vast number of individual claims here,
because you got the whole of the ground on which
the city has been laid out, and you only paid for
alternate lots. Now, I will inform these gentle-
men that you have been acting time after time and
y<ar after year upon this principle; that you aie
bound to expend all this money-which would have
accrucd from the sale of the alternate lots for the
benefit of the city; and that that is one reason why
we make appropriations for the improvement of the
streets, for the election of a City Hall, and for other
impiovements. You are actually voting money or
making appropriations for the improvement of the t
streets and alleys upon the very ground that you j
have derived a levenue from the profits in selling j
the lots. And I believe that there is a permanent j
regulation directing the Commissioner of Public !
Buildings, who has the superintending and sale of j
tne remainder of these lots that belong to the Gov- ;
ernment of the city, to expend the money for pub- j
lie purposes. In this way you have actually rec- ;
ogmzed theclaim3 winch the gentlemen speak of, j
and have acted upon them. Now, sir, as to the j
idea of being alarmed about additional claims; alt ;
I have to say is, that, if they are juat claims, i
would pay tnem, even should they amount to :
millions, or come from what quarter they may; ;
and if they are unjust, and only amount to a pica-
yune, I would go against them. Sir, wc ought in j,
all these cases to discriminate by principle, and not j
by the amount of a claim. I have no idea of that !j
sort of legislation which is to make a vote tu$n jj
upon an amount. If you give me a principle, I
will respect it and support it, or oppose it accord- j!
ingly, as I may believe it to be right or wrong; j|
but { cannot consent to let my vote on a question jj
of this kind be regulated by the amount involved, jj
I have no idea of that species of legislation. ,1
The question bete is all in a nut-e-hell. It is j|
whether you will refund this money, which you j'
have received and applied to public uses, now that .1
the donor—if the State of Virginia was a donor m |i
the cjse, or the creditor, if she was a creditor— [j
says through her assignees " I desire the return ij
of itThe question is, whether under these cir- ;j
cunistances you will hold fast to the money or le- !j
fund it r The cases to which I have referred are [j
precedents against such legislation, and afioid good j j
ground why the money should be paid back, i jj
beg pardon for having detained the Senate in sub- ;i
mining these remarks; but this is all i shall have !:
to say on the subject. |[
Mr. RUSK, i have no difficulty iri voting for ;j
this bill on either of the grounds that have been i;
assigned. If the money was advanced by the A
State of Virginia to the Government of the United i|
States, about which there appears not to be the ']
slightest doubt, I think nought to be refunded. I ;1
have no difficulty whatever on that ground. If it j.
was a sort of bargain, as seems to be argued by jj
those who oppose the bili, that this money was '
advanced for the purpose of bringing the seat of !j
Government to the holders of the State of Vir- jj
gmia, or even into that State—if that was the j;
ground on which the money was advanced, I think !j
: that Virginia has received no consideration at all.
j On the contrary, 1 am inclined to think that bring-
ing the seat of Government so near to her was
j an injury rather than a good. On that I have no
I doubt; and I think that m equity the money ought
1 to be paid back.
| With regard to the objection that the claim has
[ been assigned to another party, so far from its
t being any objection to my mind, I think it is a
i very strong recommendation of the bill. They
' propose to transfer this money, which they gave
j or lent to the Government sixty years ago, to a
j company to be expended, not for the exclusive
j benefit of the State of Virginia, but for the general
: benefit, in constructing a road which is now m
| progress, and which, when completed, will be a
! benefit to the whole Union. I shall vote for the
, bill.
Mr. BALDWIN. If this money belongs to the
■ State of Virginia, it is very clear, 1 think, that
Congress have nothing to do with the manner in
! which Virginia may think proper to dispose of it;
nor, m my judgmtnt, ought the manner in which
that State has thought proper to dispose of any
interest she may have in this amount now claimed
from the United States to govern the action of
Congress upon this bill, if the money belongs to
the State of Virginia as a debt due for a loan
made to the United States, we ought to pay it to
her, and to pay it with the interest, whether she
wishes to place that money in her treasury, sub-
ject to her own control, or whether she chooses to
apply it to some object of internal improvement.
The manner in which this fund is to be disposed
of, cannot and ought not to have the slightest in- ,
fluence upon the action of Congress. '
The memorial o^ which this bill is founded, ;
when it was presented, was referred to the Corn- j
mittee of Claims. That committee carefully con-
sidered the claim and all the documentary evi- I
dence adduced in its support. They weie, I
beiieve, unanimously of the opinion that there was
no claim on behalf of the (State of Virginia, on
j which, as a claim, they could leport a bill; but it
I being a demand made indirectly by one of the
! States of the Union, desirous of reclaiming for a
j deserving assignee moneys which she had ad-
j vanced to the Treasury of the United Stales, that
j committee were of opinion that it was a proper
i case to be decided by Congress, and they agreed j
to report the facts, and to ask the advice of the '
Senate upon the facts thus reported by the com- '
• mit ee. The Senate, however, having made a
; reference to the committee, for the purpose of oo-
I taining their opinion, were not satisfied with the
j manner in winch the committee had disposed of
the subject. They recommitted it; and thereupon,
, by the assent of the committee, I believe, but
without any intention to give to the claim thesanc-
j tion of the committee as a valid claim, the honor-
| able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
: has introduced this bill.
Now, sir, it appears from documents which are
upon your table, connected with this case, that on
the books of the Treasury this amount, when
received from the State of Vnginia, was credited,
from time to time, as a donation. It was thus
credited on the books of the United States more
than fifty years ago. It, of course, must be as-
sumed to have been known by the State of Vir-
ginia, from that time to this, how these advances
were understood by the Government of the United
States to have been made; and, until the present
session of Congress, no claim whatever has ever
been made or attempted to be made by the State
of Virginia, that she legarded these advances made
by her for the use of tne United States as having
been made m any other; light than that in which it
was regarded by this Government. Now, we all
know that at the time when the seat of Govern-
ment was established here, it was a matter on
which both Congress and the country weie much
divided in opinion. The claims of the Delawute
were pressed by all the northern States, while the
southern States were desirous of the establish-
ment of the seat of Government as far south as
they could induce Congress to establish it. Fur .
the purpose of operating upon Congress as an in-
ducement to establish it heie, these proposals were
made by the States of Virginia and Mary land, and
they were made in consideration of the lo.'al ad-
vantages which would necessarily accrue to the
people of these States, if Congress should deem it 1
compatible with the public interest to establish the ;
i seat of government here. No doubt the* people of
j Pennsylvania, and of other States who were com-
petitors with Virginia and Maryland for the loca-
tion of the seat of Government in then* proximity P
would have been equally liberal, and would have
found it equally to their interest to have made
similar proposals to the Government of the United
States. Whether they did make them or not, {
do not know; but it is apparent that these propo-
•; sals were made as inducements to Congress calcn-
lated and intended to influence Congress to estab-
i iish the seat of Government here—to select this in
! preference to the other locations in contemplation,
j Well, the location was made; and Virginia and
rj Maryland have derived the local advantages which
: they anticipated; and nothing has occurred from
j; that time to this which can give the character of a
I claim to these advances thus made by Maryland
| and Virginia. If, however, these Siates were to
i come here, and directly ask Congre&s to,restore to
.■ them the money which was thus offered as a do-
!, nation, that would present a question which is not
|j now, in my judgment, the question upon which
;'! we are called upon to act. This is treated as a
ii claim—as an assignable claim; and, in that view
jj of jt, i am of opinion that it is without founda-
tion.
j Mr. DAWSON. If I understand this matter,
;; the charge seems to be that Virginia is not acting
,'f in good faith, m requesting the Government to re-
'i fund this money. Now, I beg to say that Virginia
jj has not received her portion of tne proceeds of the
y public lands, which were divided among the States,
jj As I understand it, hei proportion is now in pos-
|i session of the Government. The interest of' thai
'! money, from the time that the State of Virginia
; could have revived it, would be more thnn five
! times the amount of this claim; and in the event
that Virgin a should ever ask the Government for
'' her share of the dividends arising from the sales
< of the public lands, she can only receive the
amount, without any interest. Viewing it m that
; light, there would be no impropriety in paying
, back this claim; for I am convinced that if *ve
i weie to open an account with the State of Vir-
1 gmia, we are at this day largely in her debt for the
; interest of the money to which she is entitled; for
, this Government has been borrowing money at
' the rate of from four to six per cent/interest, for
,j many years since the State of Virginia was enti-
■ tied to receive this dividend. I cannot see any
; want of honor or good faith in asking for the re-
: turn of this money.
i There being no amendment offered, the bill was
[ reported to the Senate, and the yeas and nays
I were ordered on the question of its engrossment
i for a third reading.
i Mr. BERRIEN. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered on the bill, I desire to state very
; briefly the grounds on which I shall give nty vote,
j Notwithstanding what has been said on the tub-
■ ject, m the course of this discussion, I am forced
to consider this as a claim which the State of Vir-
! ginia justly has upon the United States. When {
' look to the original resolution, as passed by the
Legislature of Virginia, I find it there stated as an
" advance," which the Legislature of that State
j proposed to make to the Government of the United
j States, in aid of the erection of suitable Govern-
I ment buildings. In the terms of the act which
was subsequently passed, it purported to be a
" grant;" and in that respect it departed from the
offer of Virginia, contained in the ongmai icsoiu-
tion. But, upon the passmg of that bill, its ti le
was altered so as to make it conform to the terms
of the original xesolution; and instead of bei.ig
denominated an act ''granting" one bundled and
tsvemy thousand dollars to the Government of the
United States, it was declared to be an act " con-
cerning an advance " of one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars to the United Siates.
Now, sir, this act of the Legislature of Virginia,
by the terms on which they ptopo&td to transfer
this money to the United States, *hows distinctly
that, m their view, it was kl an advance/' and not
'* a grant.'* There was a pui pose, unquestiona-
bly, in the Legis«aiure in changing theteims of
this act from -* a grant" to "an advance" of
money to the United States, which they had full
right to do, nnd which they could do consistent!/
wiih the terms of tne original offer; and n was
with the Legislature of Virginia, and not with the
General Government, to determine the terms on
which the money was ap' ropjjated to the use of
