1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
The Clat-sa-Cannins    .,  300
<C!at<op Indians  50
Catatamet Indians ,  58
The Calooiis 200
TheNamoets*,.,  50
Rogue River Indians -  800
Yaekana Indiana 200
I have no doubt it is-short of the actual number.
This includes none of those herds and swarms
stretching from the Cascade mountains to the
Rocky mountains, a. dtstancc of some 800 miles in
longitude by 486| in latitude. Yet vou send a
governor there, to rule these savnge men for two
long years, with the sceptre of peace, and invest
him with the enormous sum of $3,000 for all con-
tingencies. And what are the contingencies?
For the last ten years, the white population in
that territory have been promising: the Indians that
the Hias Bosten Tijee (the President) would come
and pay them for their lands, and this was the
story tolfl them year after year, fur the sake of
peace. No sooner was it rumoied abroad that
this Tyee, in the person of the governor, had
come, than the news was carried on the wings of
the wind to all parts of the territory, that the day
of deliverance and doins; justice had come. Dele-
gations from tribes, and in some cases, whole
tribes, bedecked in all the paraphernalia of savage
grandeur, rushed from all parts of the territory to
the seat of government, to see the great chief, this
Si as scocum Tilicum, Governor Lane. And what
did they come for? Why, sir, they came to re-
ceive pay for their lands—they came to receive
presents—they came to toatttraic with this Boslen
Tyee, and see if he had a hias close turn-turn (a
very good heart,) toward them; and no so con-
vincing evidence of this could be given them, as
some showy present. Such delegations as these
have been visiting: the governor ever since. But
when these distinguished chiefs come to visit our
governor, they expect, as is their custom, to have
some close mucko muck (some good food.) Ttiis
the governor must furnish. To do all these
things, for two whole years, three thousand dollars
are dolled out to him from the overflowing coffcrs
of this rich and mighty nation. And this is not
all the governor must do. He must not only re-
ward and conciliate the deserving, but he must
punish the offenders; and here is an instance in
point:
In the month of May last, one of our citizens
by the name of Wallace was murdered by Indians
from the Sno-gualimick and the Skey-whamish
tribes, near fori NesquaUy; and others, I believe,
were wounded. The murderers escaped, and could
not be reached. Soon after this, J. Q.uinn Thorn-
ton, acting as sub-Indian agent, repaired to Fort
Ncsqually on business connected with the Indian
Department. He offered a reward of eighty
blankets to any Indians who would surrender the
murderers. The reward had its desired effect—
the Indians were brought in, and surrendered to
Captain Hill, of the United States army. Judge
Thornton had resigned his office,' because the pay
allowed him would not pay his traveling expenses,
consequently the Governor had to appoint some
one to prosecute these Indians. But these mur-
derers were under arrest—they must be tried, and
as a means of awing the surrounding tribes, it was
thoughtproper by Governor Lane—very properly,
too, in my judgment—thai these Indians should
be tried and executed, if guilty, in the sight of
their own and other tribes. Application was made
to the Legislature, then in session, to provide for -
the holding a court at Fort Stilacoom for the pur- ,
pose, which was done. To vindicate the law, a 1
prosecuting attorney had to be appointed pro hue ,
vice; and to secure justice to the Indians, another ■
attorney appointed to defend them. Tl\e juiors '
had to be transported two hundred miles, and 1
judges, lawyers, marshals, jurors, and all, had to
*be transported to the spot—rowing their boats by i
day, and sleeping by the foot of a tree at .night.
But it was done—the murderers were tried, and
two were convicted and executed within gaze of
their tawny brethren. And to show you the ex-
pense, I quote from the report of Governor Lane:
"The total expense of holding the court at Stila-
coom for the trial of these Indians, amounts to
$1,899 54, reward of eighty blankets, $480; mak-
ing the sum total of $3,379 54." This sum has
been expended to punish an atrocious murder.
None will doubt the wisdom of the course, for it
accomplished an end that it might have cost the
Government a hundred thousand dollars to accom-
plish by war. Governor Lane did right in adopt-
ing this course; and who, sir, will say this Gov-
ernment ought not promptly to make the appro-
priation asked, for the purpose, among other
things, of paying this expense? I know, sir, the
magnanimity of this House too well, and its good
feeling toward Oregon, to doubt its decision. Let
this simple act of justice be done us, and I will
trouble the committee no longer.
The amendment was unanimously adopted.
Mr. WOOD moved that the committee rise.
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. .TONES moved to strike the following
clause from the bill, viz:
" For continuing the pavement of the, avenue around the
Capitol grounds, ,>?I6;500."
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative without a count.
Mr. FULLER moved the following amendment
to the bill, viz:
" An additional ^um of ,1*5,000 to supply the deficiency in
the appropriation fot ihe completion of the custom-house at
Eastpou, Maine, and to compensate the architect for his
sei vices, for the fiscal year, ending the 13th June, A. D-,
]8T>0. 
Mr. FULLER explained the necessity of his
amendment.
And after a few remarks by Messrs. CONRAD,
JONES, BAYLY and VINTON,
The question was put on the amendment, and it
was adopted.
Mr. BAYLY said he was directed by the
Committee of Waysand Means to offer the follow-
ing amendment, as an additional clause to the bill,
\ iz:.
"ToMipplv the deficiency in the fmmer appropriation,
for house No. If and «auj\vaY, wall across timber dock,
discing out timbu dock, and for repairs at the Norfolk navy
yard, $60,000."
Messrs. BAYLY, TOOMBS, BROOKS, YIN-
TON, and MILLSON, explained and supported
the amendment. It merely anticipated the appro-
priation which was to be provided in the general
appropriation bill. They explained the necessity
of it, to save valuable umber, subject to destruc-
tion in the dock, unless the dock was immediately
repaired.
Messrs. CARTTER, arid HARRIS of Illinois,
opposed the amendment, as not in order in this
bill.
The CHAIR decided that it was in order.
A motion was then made that the committee
rise; which, being put to the committee, was de-
cided in the negative.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following amend-
ment, viz:
" To supply a deficiency in the appropriation heretofore
made for the Improvement and preservation of the harbor
of Sandusky bay, on'Lake Erie, <£30,000."
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order. There
was no law, he said, authorizing such an appro-
priation.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order
on that ground.
Mr. SCHENCK insisted that the amendment
was in order—that a partial appropriation had
been, some years ago, made for the work.
The CHAIR insisted that the amendment was
not iri order.
Mr. SCHENCK said he could not perceive the
reason, unless it was for the difference between
fresh and salt water—a salt-water proposition
having been admitted as in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the committee
rise and report the bill, but waived it at the sug-
gestion of
Mr. B.OWDON, who moved the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill, viz:
" For deficiency, in the appropriation for the fiscal year,
for lighting the Capitol and Capitol grounds, Pennsylvania
Avenue, and the President's House, $6,000."
Mr. BOWDON explained his amendment, and
enforced the necessity of its immediate passage—
there being $50£) now due for the object to be pro-
vided for in the amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
GERMAN CONFEDERACY.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the bill,
by adding an appropriation for an outfit for a dip-
lomatic agent to the Central power of Germany,
at Frankfort.
: Mr. McCLERNAND wished, in connection
I with the amendment he had offered, to call, the
| attention of the committee to the appropriations
! for the outfits of a minister to Prussia, and. a
' charge d'affaires to Austria. These appropriations
had been added to the bill upon the motion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and deserved careful consideration. It was not
Mr. McC.'s purpose to object to the appropria-
tions because they were inappropriate to this bill—
not being appropriations to supply deficiencies—
i although he would not say that there was not room
for objection on that ground; but he did object to
. the appropriations in view of the manner and the
j circumstances in which they were introduced.
What were those circumstances? It was well
I known that, in consequence of the extraordinary
I conduct of Austria toward Hungary and the Liun-
; garians, in their late struggle, public opinion was
! divided in this country upon the point of our
j continuing diplomatic relations with the Austrian
i cabinet. The appropriate committees of the two
houses, (certainly of the House,) were charged
with the consideration of this subject, upon peti-
tions by the people and legislative resolves. Be-
sides that, it was but the other day that the Senate
rejected our charge d'affaires to Austria, Under
these circumstances, the question was put, whether
it was proper, or respectful, to dispose of this
question in the summary manner proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and which had
been, almost without notice, adopted by the House ?
Whether it was proper, under such circumstances,
to wrest the subject from the appropriate commit-
tees and to prejudge it, in a manner, without de-
bate, as had been done? He expressed no opinion
upon the merits of continuing diplomatic relations
with Austria at this time—there was no opportu-
nity to do so, even if he desired it—his object was
to discharge his duty, by calling; the attention of
the committee to the subject. This done, he was
content for the present.
In regard to the mission to Prussia, there was
room for much to be said—and still more, proba-
bly, upon the arbitrary and unwanantable sup-
1 pression of the mission to the German Confedera-
| turn, which was substituted by the mission to
i Prussia. Upon the conduct of the Executive, in
! that connection, he would have been glad of an
opportunity to express his views at large—he
might do so yet, if a favorable opportunity should
occur. It was due, that the coalition of the Ex-
ecutive with Kings against the people of Germany,
in that connection, should be noticed with repro-
bation. Mr. McC. did not design to press his
amendment, at all events at present, and therefore
withdrew it.
Mr. BAYLY defended the course of the com-
mittee.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment to be out of
order, as not being connected with the general
purposes of the bilf, and the object not being pro-
vided for by existing law.
Some further remarks were made by Mr.
McCLERNAND, in which he insisted that his
amendment was in order, on the ground that the
only authority for the existence of foreign mis-
sions, in many cases, was, the simple appropria-
tion for the object. He concluded by appealing
from the decision of the Chair.
The question was put, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committeer"
and it was decided m the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
On motion by Mr. DUER, the committee rose,
and its chairman reported the bill to the House.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
agreeing to the amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to him to with-
draw the motion, in order to enable him (Mr.
McC.) to reply to some remarks made by the
gentleman in committee.
Mr. BAYLY said he would do so, if the gen-
tleman would renew the motion in five minutes.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he could not pledge
himself to do so.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I do not withdraw the
motion.
