584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr McGLERNAND moved that the House
"^"motion by Mr. GENTRY, it was resolved,
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
And then, at a late hour, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees r
By Mr, HARLAN: The petition of Dr. D. Milligan,of
Fortland,'Jay county, Indiana, for a post-route from Bra-
man , Mercer county, Ohio,to Fort Recovery, i n said county,
thence to Portland, Jay county, Indiana, thence to Camden
and said county of Jay, thence to Haitford, in Blackford
county, and thence to Marion, in Grant county.
By Mr. WENTWOUTH: The petition of citizen* of
Lake countv, Illinois, for a mail-route from Waukegan5via
Antioch, Butterfield's Corner, in the town of Benton, Mor-
timer, Hickory, Milburn, Otsego, and back fiom there to
Waukegan.
Also, the petition of the people of St. Charfes, Kane
county. Illinois, for land reform.
By Mr. GOCJLD: The petition of 334 citizens of Andes,
Delaware county, New York, to secure to alleged fugitives
the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of 136 citizens of Andes, Delaware
county, New York, to prohibit slavpry in the constitution
of all new territory to be admitted into the Union.
Alsr>, the petition of 134 citizens of Andes, Delaware
county, New York, for the prohibition of slarery in all the
territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of 137 citizens of Andes, Delaware
county, New York, asking a repeal of ail laws, and paits of
law?, authorizing slavery and the slave-trade in the District
of Columbia; and in case of the non-repeal, the removal of
the National Government to some more favorable location.
By Mr. MILLER : The petition of Wade Witherow and
others, citizen* of Knox county, Ohio, asking for a mail-
route from Miltersburg, Ohio, to Mount Gilead, Ohio.
By Mr. KOCKWELL: The petition of Chailes F. Ben-
nett and 19 others, citizens of Dal ton, Massachusetts, in
favor of establishing the rates of postage on prepaid letters,
weighing not more than half an ounce, at two cent*.
ByMr CONGER: The petition of 13-icitizens of Moravia,
Cayuga county, New York, for the repeal of all laws tol-
erating slavery in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennes>ee: The petition of A. J.
Semmps and others, citizens of the District of Columbia,
praying the abolition of the office of chaplain in the navy,
army, oranv other branch of the public service.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of E. Seymour and 30
others, citizens of Brattleborougb, Vermont, lor a reduced
rate of postage.
By Mr. WOOD: The petition of C. J. Often and 49
others, citizens of Fremont, Sandusky county, Ohio, asking
Congress to make an appropriation for removing obstruc-
tions to navigation at the head of the Sandusky bay, so as
to render more easy and safe, the passage of sailing vessels
and steamboats inio the Sandu^kv river.
ByMr. SWEETSER: The petition of L. W. Knowlton
and 105 others, citizens of Utica, Licking countv, Ohio,
praying the abolition of tiie slave-trade in the Distuct of
Columbia.
Also, the petition of the same, praying the enactment of
n law authorizing the trial by jury in the ca*e of fugitive
slave-*.
Also, the petition of the same, praying the prohibition of
slavery and the slave-trade m the territories of the United
States.
Al«o, the petition of the same, protesting against the ad-
mission of any more slave States into the Union.
By Mr. CROW ELL; The petition of W. F. Spelman
and others, citizens of Edinburgh, Portage county, Ohio,
praying that slavery and the slave-trade may be expressly
prohibited, by act of Congress, in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, the petition of Peter Ewing and others, citizens of
Edinburgh, Portage county. Ohio, praying Congress to .se-
cure to fugitive slaves, the right ot trial by jury, before being
delivered to the claimant.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Pelham Holme?, for
indemnities for French spoliations, prior to the year 1800.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 22, 1850.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, setting forth, that in their opinion the
right to life includes the right to a place to live; in
accordance v/itH which opinion they ask the free-
dom of the public lands, in limited quantities, to
actual settlers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, of citizens of Wabash county, in the State
of Illinois, deploring the evils of war, and asking;
that some substitute may be adopted therefor;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, of citizens pf Illinois, asking that all aliens
may be removed from office, and that a part of the
constitution of Illinois, in relation to aliens, may
be expunged.
Also, of citizens of the same State, setting- forth
thedanger ofabolition, or the freeing of negroes, to
the citizens of the United States and their posterity,
and urging Congress to check at once the prin-
ciple, as it was already alienating the affections of
citizens from each other, arid emboldening the ad-
vocates of abolition—-that nature nor nature's
God ever did make the negroes equal with the
white citizens; one or the other hs superior, and
that superiority is in the white people, besides
having high authority to believe the negroes were
made for servants for the white citizens and their
posterity.
Also, of citizens of Chicago, Illinois, asking the
abolition of slavery and the slave-trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia otherwise, that the seat of Gov-
ernment may be removed to some free State nearer
the geographical centre of the nation.
Also, of legal voters of Wabash county, Illinois,
asking that the Sabbath maybe more sacredly ob-
served by the different departments of Govern-
ment, and that the transportation of the mail on
the holy Sabbath may be stopped—setting forth
that, as we profess to be a Christian nation, and
governed by laws based on the holy Scriptures,
and as this great and flourishing Republic is held
up in the order of Providence as an example of
free government for all the nations of the earthy it
therefore behooves the representatives to uphold it
in its purity.
These several petitions were received and or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. BELL presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee, opposed to any action on the
part of the General Government on the subject of
constructing a railroad across the continent of
North America,.until full information shall have
been obtained as to the practicability of the several
routes proposed, and the comparative advantages
of each, and opposed to the selection of any route
forsaid railroad, but such as may be central; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed;
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Gtuashqueton to the county seat of Keokuk
county, in that State.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the enactment
of a law granting the public lands to actual settlers,
in limited quantities; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the legislature, instructing
the Senators and requesting the Representatives of
the State in Congress, to use their exertions to pro-
cure an appropriation for the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, of the same, in favor of the establishment
of a mail-route from Rushville to Nobiesville, in
said State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post-Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post-Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens of
Monroe county, Michigan, in favor of a reduction
of postage and the abolition of the franking privi-
lege; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post-Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Hardin, asking the reimbursement of ex-
penses incurred, and moneys advanced, by him for
the purpose of moving the Cherokee Indians in
the year 1828; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. «•
Mr. BENTON presented a petition of the faculty
and students of the medical department of the
University of St. Louis, Missouri,asking a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage to a uniform standard
of two cents per half ounce; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post-Office and Post R.oads.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition of mem-
bers of the faculty of Yale College, in Connecti-
cut, in favor of a reduction of the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BELL. I present the memorial and ac-
companying resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Tennessee, praying the establishment of
a marine hospital at the city of Memphis, on the
Mississippi river. The memorial sets forth, in
very strong terms, the great hardships and ine-
quality of throwing upon the citizens of that State,
and of the citizens of Memphis particulaily, the
burden of giving relief to the numerous invalid
sick emigrants. It is very well known to those
who have turned their attention to the course of
emigration to this country, that hundreds and
thousands—perhaps five hundred or one thousand
in the course of a year—pass up the river from
New Orleans to St. Louis, afflicted with conta-
gious diseases, which have latterly been very fa-
tal, particularly during the cholera season. There
are numbers of poor persons, and some even in
better condition, who are obliged to be put off the
boats, and who cannot be driven away from the
city in which they aFe landed, and are therefore
obliged to be relieved by the kind feeling and
charitable contributions of the city. They also
pray for the establishment of a marine hospital at
Nashville,, on the Cumberland river. I move that
the resolutions be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CHAPLAINS IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE.
Mr. CHASE presented nine petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, and a petition from citizens of In-
diana, praying that chaplains in the public service
may be abolished.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Somerset county, in the State of Maine,
asking that the office of chaplain may be abolished;
all of which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I present two petitions
from citizens of the State of Kentucky, asking
Congress to abolish the office of chaplain, and
henceforth to refrain from all legislation on reli-
gious subjects. I will read a portion of this peti-
tion. It sets forth, that
"The history of all nations, from the day of Nimrod to
the present lime, affords the most irrefragable testimony thai
no hu-i.an Government can possibly contnbuie to the pf-ace
and happiness of mankind, out of its own legitimate sphere
ot secular legislation. Religion is a matter exlusively be-
tween every citizen of the world and his God, and until hu-
man Governments can take on them the responsibility of
answenng at the bar ot God for the souls of tlieir eon>i«tu~
ent , they have no right m justice to legislate upon the sub-
ject. To your honorable bodies, we, as citizens of the
United States, cheerfully concede the right to legislate for
us m all secular concern?, restricted only by the Constitu-
tion, and in all <=nrh secular legislation, we enteiiain the ut-
most confidence m, and respect for, the w sdom, virtue?
and integrity of our honorable Senators and Represent-
ative*; but when, under the impressron that the cause of
religion requires aid-, patronage, or legislation, trom your
honorable bodies, or that it is conducive to the welfare of
our nation, by such means, to conciliate the favor of religion-
ists-, you have been induced to make provisions of any kind,
or to any extent, for religions establishments, however pure
the motives by which you have been actuated, we have re-
garded all such legislation <ts an infringement of the most
&aered right* guarantied to us by the Constitution.
"In contravention of that express provision of our Con-
stitution, which declares that ' Congress shall make no law
' respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the
'free exercise thereof,' we are sorely burdened by the reli-
gious establishment of a national chaplaincy as a creature
of State. We are compelled, against our own sense of right
and in violation of our own consciences, to support that es-
tablishment of religion, and therebj we are prohitited the
fiee exeicise of our own religious rights. The appropriation
ot oui national funds, to support a national cleigy tor the
Houses of Congress, for the army and navy, tor military
schools and fndian stations, is as burdensome and oppres-
sive to us as citizens of the United States as ifthesame tax
wore levied to sustain a luitiorud church. A national chap-
laincy, no less than a national church, is considered by us
emphatically an 'establishment of religion.'
"We beg* leave to assute your honorable bodies that this-
petition and remonstrance is not induced by any want of
respect for that religion which is from Heaven or that king-
dom which is not of tins world. We a-k, as religionists,
only what we ate willing to concede to all others—the free
exercise of the religions establishments to w hicn we sever-
ally belong, 5«o far as the bee exercise of our religion shall
not infringe the equal rights of our fellow-citizcns.
"If the members of the Houses of Congress are disposed
to pray, or if they are inclined to hire mcn~to pray for them,
on their own responsibility, and at their own individual ex-
pense, we claim no right to object; butwhen they officially,
and in our name, and by the appiopriation of our fund'?,
make legal provisions for the support of an army of ehap-
lain«, we are involved in the responsibility, and thereby ag-
grieved.
I move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as it piays for the abo-
lition of chaplains in the army.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to say, that this matter
of military chaplains jn the army of the United
States, seems to be misunderstood, and hence a
run of petitions is got up against them. We all
| know how it is when any persons undertake to
j get up a run of petitions. Now, there is no such
| thing as the employment of chaplains, m the old
sense of the term—or what seems to be the under-
standing of these petitioners—in the army of the
United States. Some years ago—twelve or fifteen
years ago—when I was a member of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and personally acquainted
with the condition of the posts upon the frontier,
and personally knowing to the fact, that the officers
and soldiers of the army were obliged, out of their
