il?8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 28,
the United States. Virginia was the party ad-
vancing the money; and she had a right to de-
clare whether it shoufd be considered as an advance
or as a gift. She did declare it emphatically by
this modification of the act; and f think, therefore,
that it is a subject of equity; and the entry on the
books of the Treasury of the United States has
nothing to do with it. In my view*of the case it
was an advance made, and liable to reclamation ;
and, as no distinct^lay was mentioned for us re-
payment, the Government was liable for its repay-
ment on demand; and the time, therefore, that it
has ru# would not bar it by limitation. I can
readily coriceiv® why Virginia was not disposed
to make this demand. There is the pride which
is natural to a Siate in such a transaction. Vir-
ginia aided the Government, when it was com-
paratively poor, furnishing means for the erection
of the public buildings, although the whole was
not appropriated to that object; but she aided the
Government under these circumstances, no' doubt
with a view of gratification to herself in having the
seat of Government here. But she had a right, ac-
cording to the terms on which the money was ad-
vanced, to recover it on demand being made.
Now, the fact that she has not made such de-
mand herself, but has assigned the claim to others,
famishes to my mind a sufficient justification for
the course which Virginia has pursued, and relieves
her from all imputation of indelicacy, or too rigid
an economy in making this demand. As I under-
stand the matter, it is transferred to the city of
Alexandria, on condition that they ta.ke stock in
this railroad company to the amount for the ben-
efit oT the primary schools of Virginia. The Uni-
ted Slates no longer require the money. Their
treasury is amply filled. Virginia claims the
amount, and appropriates it primarily to the aid
of a useful public work, and secondarily to the
promotion of education in the State. These being
the facts of the case, I can see no good ground of
objection to the refunding of the money.
Mr. FOOTE. My attention was drawn to this
subject some months ago, and I then investigated
this matter fully. I do not deem it necessary to
present my views in regard to it on the present
occasion; nor do I rise for that purpose. 1 simply
rise to declare that i entertain an undoubted con-
viction that the claim of the State of Virginia is a
good claim, and a just claim; and that it is right
and proper, under all the circumstances, that we
should give it our acquiescence. 1 shall vote for
the proposition with much pleasure.
Mr. PRATT. 1 desire to say a word or two
in relation to this proposition. Alexandria, the
party to be benefited by the action of the Senate, if
this bill should pass, is on the natural margin of
my native county. It is a question therefore in
which they have an interest, and one on which I
may b£ allowed to say a word. Now, sir, to strip
the question of all the surrounding circumstances
which I think are not necessary to a proper un-
derstanding of it, and as it presents itself to my
mind, it is this: Here is a contingent proposition
on the part of the State of Virginia towards the
construction of a railroad running from Alexandria
westward through the State of Virginia, a road
which will not only be beneficial to that particu-
lar city, but also to the District of Columbia, that
part of it which was ceded by Maryland, and
which still remains the District of Columbia.
Now, it is said by the Senator from New Jer-
sey, and others, that Virginia does not make a
claim upon the Government. She has assigned
this as a claim, and the Orange and Alexandria
Railroad Company come here and present it as a
claim. Now, for the life of me I cannot see why,
where one assigns to another what he sets out as a
claim, and the assignee of that individual or gov-
ernment comes and claims upon the party against
whom the claim is supposed to exist, it is not as
much a claim as it would be if the assignor came
here and made the claim in person. Where is
the distinction? Virginia, setting up a claim for
$120,000, has assigned it to this company, to be
used in the construction of this road. Now, when
the assignee of the State of Virginia comes here,
doe- not Virginia come here? The claim was as-
signed to this company that they might come here
and receive this money, to aid them in construct-
ing this work of internal improvement. Now, in
any point of view in which 1 have been able to
look at this question, it seems to me that we ought
pay this claim. The Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Baldwin] says that this was a donation, and
was so entered upon the. books of the Treasury
fifty years ago'. Concede it to be a donation on
the part of Virginia, and I ask any Senator whether
a donation, having been made to the Government
when it was poor and wanted it, and was willing
to accept it, and when -the party making the dona-
tion wa3 willing to accept it back again, the ori-
ginal receiver having grown rich and powerful, and
having no longer any need of this money, we
ought not to restore the money? Why, sir, the
very fact that it was a donation, is the strongest
argument that can be urged, in my opinion, why
the Government should restore it,"having no longer
any need to keep it. I do not apprehend on the
part of Maryland that there will be any claim on
tiie part of Maryland on the Government for what
was conceded by her. She. has never been di-
vorced, nor does she wish to be divorced; and she
will not therefore ask to have her marriage portion,
which she gave upon her union with the General
Government, given back to her. 1 shall vote for
this bill with pleasure, and I hope it will pass.
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, and resulted
thus:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bell, Berrien, But-
ler, Cfi.vs, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Poole, Hou-ston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Morton,
Pratt, Ru.>k, Sebastian, Smith, Soul6, Spruance, Turney,
Un erwood, Wales, and Walkei—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright,
Cha>e, Cfaike, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Mississippi, Davtoii, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Feleh, Greene, Hamlin, I'earce, Shields, Sturgeon, CJpham,
Wluteomb, and Yulee—22.
BILL READ A THtRD TIME.
The engrossed bill for the relief of the West
Feliciana Railroad was read^-a third time and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate then
resolved itself into executive session, and after
some time spent therein, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, August 23, 1850.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved
Mr. BOOTH rose and said, that he had re-
ceived from the Governor of Connecticut certain
resolutions upon the subject of slavery, passed by
the Legislature of that State, containing a request
that he would lay them before the House. He
had waited for some tune, in the hope of having an
opportunity of presenting them in the regular order
of the call of the States. A long time, however,
had elapsed since the Sfate which he in part rep-
resented had been called. There was but little
prospect that it would be called within any reason-
able period, and he therefore asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to present the resolu-
tions at this time.
Objection was made.
So*the resolutions were not received.
Mr. MeCLERNAND, (to Lhe Speaker.) Will
the Speaker be so good as to state, for the infor-
mation of the House, whether it is practicable to
teach the territorial bills now lying upon the
Speaker's table, in any other way than by pro-
ceedmg with the regular order of business, which
is, I believe, the call of the committees for reports?
The SPEAKER. In reply to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernanjd,]
the Speaker will state, that the House cannot
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table until one hour shall have been de-
voted to the regular order of business, which is
the call of the committees Tor reports.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. No motion is required to
proceed to the regular order of business, it comes
up as a matter of course.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I give notice that 1
shall persist in my efforts to keep the House to
the regular order of business, until the territorial
bills upon the Speaker's table shall have been dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
select committees.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STRONG. I rise to a question or privi-
lege. I move that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of the report of the Committee on
Elections, in the case of the contested election
from the fourth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania. being the case of John S. Littell vs. John
Robbins, jr.
TheSPEAKER. Thereportof theCommittee
on Elections being a question of privilege, is en-
titled to priority, and is the business before the
House.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JACKSON, of New York. I rise to a privi-
leged question.
The SPEAKER. There is a question of privi-
lege already pending, but the Chair will hear the
statement of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Jackson.]
Mr. JACKSON. On the amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, making an
appropriation for the relief of mariners on the
western waters, my vote was recorded in the affirm-
ative, (referring: to the u Globe.")
The SPEAKER. The Journal of the House
will be examined for the purpose of ascertaining
how the gentleman voted.
The Clerk having referred to the Journal—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's vote is re-
corded in the affirmative.
Mr. JACKSON. It should have been in the
negative. I voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER said, that the change of the
gentleman's vote wo'jld not change the result of
the question. And the Chair put the question
granting leave to make the correction.
No objection being made,
The Journal was ordered to be corrected in ac-
cordance with the fact as stated by Mr. Jackson.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] is entitled to the floor.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN PENNSYLVANTA.
Mr. STRONG resumed the floor.
Mr. ASHMUN. I understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] previous to the
interruption of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Jackson,] to move that the House proceed
to the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee on Elections in the case of the contested election
from the State of Pennsylvania. • No vote having
been taken on that motion, I submit to the Chair
that the House may say whether it wilt or will
not proceed to the consideration of that question.
I object to its consideration at this time, unless a
majority of the House should decide that it will
take it up.
The SPEAKER. When a question of privilege
is presented to the House, in the opinion of the
Chair it has priority. The House, however, has
the control over it, and can postpone us considera-
tion to another day. But the question comes up
in preference to other business, and is before the
Ejpuse for its action; and, in the opinion of the
Cnair, a vote of the House is not required to take
it up.
Mr, ASHMUN. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] as I
understood it, was that the House now proceed to
the consideration of the report. This is a mere
privileged question.
The SPEAKER, ff the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] submits the proposition m
that form, the Chair will so entertain it. But the
Chair understood the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia as calling up the report of the committee as a
question of privilege. It is in the nature of any
other question of privilege, and does not require a
vote of the House to take it up; but a majority
can, if it sees proper, postpone its consideration to
a day certain.
Mr. ASHMUN. I understood the question dif-
ferently from the Chair. I understood the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to make the motion that
the House proceed to the consideration of the re-
port. I think the gentleman himself will say that
he made that motion.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] will state what his motion
was.
Mr. STRONG. I did not desire, nor do I in-
tend, to force the consideration of this report upon
the House in opposition to the wishes of a major-
ity. 1 certainly made the motion that the House
proceed to the consideration of the report. That
is true. My object was this; if a majority of the
House does not see fit to proceed to the considera-
