1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
small pay, to get chaplains to do the business of
performing; divine service on Sunday, and of teach-
ing their children during the week—I, seeing and
knowing that, did move this Senate to allow
chaplains to be employed, to perform the double
duty of teaching the children at the post during
the week, and of performing Divine service on
Sunday—to be limited to fourteen of the outside
posts, where they could not have that advantage,
unless they went to the expense out of their own
pockets, or the United States did it for them. I
was certain then I was doing a service to the army,
and extendinga justifiable relief to the officers and
soldiersofthearmy; and 1 really think,if thepeople
of the United States only understood it as it is, that
we should have no more of these petitions for
abolishing chaplains in the army. We have no
such thing as chaplains in the army. They are
chaplains of the frontier posts, partially paid out
of the post fund, and a mode provided by which
they are supported and appointed. I have been to
those posts, where these chaplains are in service,
since the time they were appointed, and I have
had great reason to congratulate myself on the
little part I had in securing their appointment.
Mr. BUTLER. Petuionsof a similar character
as those presented by the Senator from Kentucky,
have been referred to the Judiciary Committee. It
was at first supposed that a formal report was not
needed; but the number presented have induced
the committee to think it better to make some re-
port on the subject. The petitioners have a claim
for that much of respect at least, and to refer the
petitions now presented to the Military Committee
might produce some conflict on the subject. They
should either all go to the Judiciary Committee, or
all to the Military Committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should be pleased
to have these petitions go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee; and it is but fair that I give notice to the
Senator from Kentucky, if' he takes any interest in
this subject, that, if he sends it to the Military
Committee, I promise a most adverse report, so
far as 1 have any control over it. I agree with all
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has said
in regard to the appointment of chaplains in the
army, and I have, like him, some personal know-
ledge of the subject. They are selected by the
officers who have charge of the fiscal affairs—the
council of administration—of the post; and they
are partly paid out of a fund raised by the officers
and soldiers of the post, to perform divine and
funeral services, and to teach the children—em-
phatically the children of the country, for they are
born in the service of the country—where other-
wise they would neither be taught nor preached to.
These petitions against the employment of chap-
lains for Congress, which are sent here, may be
well enough, if we are already sufficiently pious;
but as these chaplains perform the duties of a
schoolmaster, and are paid wholly out of the
public treasury, that constitutes an entirely differ-
ent case. I rose, however, merely to say, that if
the Senator from Kentucky is interested in the in-
vestigation of this matter, and hopes for a favorable
report upon it, he had better not send it to the
Military Committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I had no such hope as
that in giving it the direction of the Military Com-
mittee; and I think now, after having heard the
suggestions of the Senator, that we ought, by ali
means, to send it there. The petitioneis say that
they desire to get rid of supporting chaplains be-
longing to the army. Now, the best answer to
this would be, that there exists no such establish-
ment as that of which they complain, and that,
therefore, their money is taken for no such pur-
pose; and who is there who is so well qualified to
give that answer, after what has been suggested,
as the Military Committee?
Mr. DAVIS. With some limitations, the Sena-
tor's understanding of my remarks, is correct. I
said that the chaplains were confined to the mili-
tary posts of our frontier, partly paid by those for
whom, and by whom they are employed, and that
they are limited in number, as stated by the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think I understood
every word that was said, and I think, too, that if
the Senator would 'draw up a short report, just to
gratify these petitioners, and that they may see
upon what grounds their designs are rejected by
Congress, it would be the best answer that could
be given to them. It must be remembered, also,
that they pray for some reformation in the naval
as well as in the military service; and if one of
these petitions should go to the Naval Committee,
and they could make a report to the petitioners
and the country, on this branch of, the subject,
that would be just as satisfactory, perhaps, as 1
trust will be that from the Military Committee,
if the matter is referred to them, and they report
upon it.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not very anxious that
the Judiciary Committee should perform this duty,
but I will say, that the subject has been brought
under their notice, and steps have been taken to
make a report on it. All these memorials, I be-
lieve, should go to one committee, and I care not
whether it be to the Military or to the Judiciary
Committee.
The motion to refer the petitions to the Military
Committee, was negatived, and they were then
refened to the Judiciary Committee.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of Mrs.
A. M. Dade, asking a renewal of her pension, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mrs. A. M. Dade,
widow of the late Major F. L. Dade; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. B. also, from the Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the report of the Secretaiy
of War, in relation to an exploration of the Terri-
tory ofMinnesota, by Brevet Captain Polk, report- :
ed in favor of printing the same; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was icferied the memorial of
Charles P. Sibbald, asking indemnity for injuries
sustained, by being deprived of the possession of
his property, submitted a report, which was or- !
dered to be printed, accompanied by a joint reso- j
lution for the relief Charles F. Sibbald ; which i
was read and passed to a second reading.
PENSION TO THE WIDOW OF GEN. WORTH.
Mr. BORLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referied the bill j
for the relief of Margaret L. Worth, widow of the
late General Worth, of the army of the United
States, to report back the same, with the blanks
filled up. In view of the ments of the case, I
ask that it may be considered now.
The bill was read a fust time by its title, and
then, by unanimous consent of the Senate, read a
second time, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole. The first question was on the filling up
of the blanks, as recommended by the committee.
Mr. BORLAND. I have asked for the consid- i
eration of the bill immediately, as it is one which, !
appealing at once to the judgment and feelings of
the Senate, will, 1 apprehend, give rise to no
debate, and meet no opposition; and if passed at
all, should, from peculiar circumstances, become a j
law at once. It is not necessary that I should say !
anything in commendation of the character and !
services of General Worth. They are so well j
known to the Senate—they are so deeply engraven |
upon the hearts of his countrymen—that, however
brilliant the picture I might draw, I feel that I
should do injustice, by falling far, far below the
merits of the original. I am unwilling, therefore,
to#occupy the time of<he Senate, by what would
be the feeble expression of the very strong feelings j
which fill my own heart, (and though unuttcied, j
find, I am sure, a full and ready sympathy in every ,
heart around me,) or to delay the passage of the !
bill by unrequired advocacy. But! cannot forbear '
the reading of a letter 1 hold in my hand. It is a ,
letter written by General Worth—among the very \
last letters his hand ever wrote. 1 will read it, for J
two reasons—as a noble exhibition of that spirit 1
of devotion to the scrvicc of his country, which \
never faltered in the face of any danger, but ever i
impelled him forward and upward, wherever duty  
called; and in evidence that he fell in the perform- >
ance of duty, and in meeting dangers far more j
serious—far more appalling—than any he had ever j
before encountered in fighting the battles of his j
country, numerous dnd great as they are known !
to have been. He, with his wife and children, at '
the head of his column, (where he ever was, when i
duty was to be done, or danger encountered,) was
approaching San Antonio, Texas. He knew that
the cholera was there, and death and desolation
were its attendants; and yet he pressed forward.
A messenger met him, to say that the danger was
great, and to suggest that he would do well to halt
until the danger had in some degree passed away.
What was his answer ? Hear it:
McUleli.an's, 20 miles from San Jlntonioy
Three o'c/vcfc, p. m. .April 3fl, 1849.
My Dear Major : lam here with the head of my column.
The centre and rear will be up in an hour or so, rather re-
tarded by disabled hordes, having made one hundred and
fifty mites in four and a half days. I have your note of this
morning, and draw from H thp comfortable belief Hint your
buffeting are abating. Whether that be so or not, J must
goon; it is my duty, and the ladies will not be left behind.
So we shall be with you, I hope, by thiee or four o'clock
to-morrow, taking it quietly and coolly. Under other cir-
cumstances I would certainly halt, but cannot do it now,
ukai.ever may be the hazard to mz or mine. Major Dx-hiels
will reach youto-nighl, and pay oil the four months*advance
to the 3d infantry, which shall bo put iu mouon for EI Paso
del Norte as soon as a*stued of Us disinfection. Much as
we want to see you, do not expose yourself to the-un by
coming to meet us; but if you could send a bottle of old
brandy, to meet us at the crossing, some four or five n ilet*.
it would be useful; onr one bottle, with which we stalled
from Levaca, has given out. You s, mo«t truly,
W. J. WORTH.
To Major L. S. Capers, San'Antonio, Texas.
This letter was written on the last day of April.
On the 7th of May, just one week afterward, he
was buried. It is for the wife, (now the widow,)
the noble woman, with a devotion to duty unsur-
passed even by that of her noble husband—it is
for her, that this bill is introduced—it is for her, it
provides for the remainder of her life, darkened as
that life must be by desolation of heart—an allow-
ance of one half the pay pertaining to the rank of
her husband.
To one other thing I ask the attention of the
Senate while I read. It is a passage from one of
General Worth's official reports—his report of the
battle of El Molmo del Rey. I read it to show
the true spirit of chivalry which filled his own
heait, and prompted him to speak the feelings of
the other noble spirits wilh whom he was associ-
ated. He had enumerated the gallant officers of
his command who fell around him, on that bloodiest
of all his fields, and thus concludes:
"All of thOfe gallant men fell as, when it plen *rd God,
they would have wished to fall, fiahtmg bravely at the he<id
ot their troop-;, leaving a blight example to the service, and
s-potlcss names to the cherished recollections of comrades."
Such, sir, was his estimate of a soldier's feel-
ings, and the fitting circumstances of a soldier's
death. In this, I am sure, he spoke the heartfelt
sentiment of a soldier's heart, it was not given
him, as it was to those gallant men, as, when it
pleased God, he had wished to fail, fighting at the
head of his troops; yet he did fall at" the head of
his troops, and in the performance of duties re-
quiring more true courage than any which ever
marked the battle-field; and, in falling, no man has
ever left a brighter example to the service, a more
spotless name to the chei ished recollection of com-
rades, or won a higher or more honorable claim
upon the admiration and gratitude of his country.
I will add nothing in favor of the bill, believing
that, as it ought, it will pass at once and without
opposition. It may not be improper to add, how-
ever, that the amount of pension provided for Mrs.
Worth, is the same allowed by special act for
Mrs. Decatur, widow of Commodore Decatur, be-
ing one-half the monthly pay of her deceased hus-
band at the time of his death.
Mr. KING. What is the sum allowed ?
Mr. BORLAND. Fifty dollars a month, being
the half-pay of a brigadier-general.
Mr. KING. I have very great reluctance in
saying anything in opposition to this bill. It
involves feelings of the high estimation in which
General Worth was held by lus country in general,
and it is exceedingly unpleasant for a Senator, m
the discharge of his duty, to be obliged to throw
any opposition in the way of the manifestation, by
the Government, of its high respect and regard for
this distinguished soldier. But in granting pen-
sions of this kind, we ought not to be influenced
merely by our feelings,- for if we go to the extent
proposed by the bill in this case, we may hereaf-
ter he compelled to follow the precedent in other
cases. Now, I understand that General Worth
was merely a brigadiei-general by brevet. The
pension granted to the widow of Commodore De-
catur, was given to her for the actual rank which
Commodore Decatur held at the time of his death.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me
to make a single remark ? General Worth was a
major-general by brevet, and during the war in
Mexico he commanded as a major-general; and
