1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL. ftLOBE.
Aug. 28.
Resolved, That the liberty of the pras3 and freedom of dis-
cussion demand that editors of public journals should not
be required by the Government, or any bianch thereof, to
suirender the names of their correspondents for mere po-
litical purposes.
Mr. STANLY, (to Mr. Meade.) The gen-
tleman from Virginia has left poor Sengstack in
the lurch!
Mr. MEADE. What does the gentleman say ?
[Great confusion.]
Mr. STANLY rose (apparently) to repeat his
remark.
The SPEAKER. Conversation is out of order.
Does the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Evans]
yield the floor to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina? [Mr. Stanly.]
Mr. EVANS. lean state what the gentleman
from North Carolina said.
-Mr. DUER addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Evans.) Does the
gentleman from Maryland yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York?
Mr. EVANS responded affirmatively.
Mr. DUER. I wished merely to ask of the
Chair to request gentlemen to take their seats and
preserve order.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
requested gentlemen to resume their seats.
Mr. EVANS repeated the remark of Mr. Stan-
jly, that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
had left Mr. Sengstack out of his resolution.
Mr. MEADE. . I omitted Sengstack because he
had nothing to do with the press. I only made
the assertion of a great principle. But £ am will-
ing to amend the resolution provided the gentle-
man from Maryland will allow the resolution to be
before the House as a subject of discussion. It
involves a great principle, I am glad the editor of
the Union has refused to answer the questions.
Mr. EVANS resumed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand, before the gentleman from Maryland pro-
ceeds, whether this resolution is before the House ?
Mr. EVANS. 1 do not offer it. If the gentle-
man from Virginia does, it is immaterial to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
can only offer the resolution at this time by unani-
mous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. EVANS resumed the floor and said, that
he had appealed to the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. HibbardJ to withdraw his mo-
tion to lay the report on the table, and that gentle-
man had refused to grant his request. He believed
that this was the first instance on record where
any gentleman had, after addiessing to the House
an argument, or a speech, involving great prin-
ciples, closed his remarks by adopting the" ex-
traordinary course of moving to lay the subject on
the table—thus cutting off all opportunity for reply.
And he believed this subject did involve an im-
portant principle. But what was the course pur-
sued by the gentleman from New Hampshire?
He i ose in his place—(he may be a member of the
committee for aught he knew. If so, he had pro-
duced no minority report)—and after making his
speech, he moved to lay the whole subject on the
table. Such a motion came with little grace from
that gentleman. And what was the amount of the
argument of the gentleman from New Hampshire
before he made the motion to lay the report on the
table? Why, that the parties concerning whom the
committee was authorized to inquire and investi-
gate, had only been spending their own money when
tHey weie occupied in the work of corruption, if so
be that they were thus occupied. Such an argument
justified the implication that, provided the parties
had not dipped their hands into the Treasury and
employed the public money for that purpose, no
principle had been violated. He admired the can-
dor of the gentleman, while he could not but dis-
sent from the morality of the argument. The
gentleman from New Hampshire had given per-
haps gjod reasons why this investigation should
noc have been commenced. But what sort of
reasons had he given why a witness should be
excused from answering such questions as weie
proposed to him ? So far as he had listened to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, he did not hear
Irom him a single good reason why such a witness
mignt be excused. He would venture to assert
tmu tne gentleman could not assign a solitary legal
reason wny he should.
He admitted that he himself might be justly
subject to censure for speaking on this subject,
and condescending to make any remarks concern-
ing the " Union" or its editor. He confessed, that
when he rose to speak of an editor who for the
last forty years had been the constant assailant of
all thai wa3 morally or politically pure, and of a
paper which was, and had been for a long series
of years, a common sewer through which the
vilest slanders found their way to the public eye,
he did waste the time of the House. But he
had himself been the objcct of these slanders; he
had been assailed by that press in the most wanton
manner; and at a proper time he would show the
false and unprincipled character of these attacks;
and would place him who made them in no envi-
able position before the public.
He would now proceed to show in what cases,
according to the provisions of law and the practice
of our highest legal tribunals, a witness may re-
fuse to answer questions proposed to him m the
course of taking testimony. A committee of tins
House was a tribunal competent to take testimony
according to the rules established m the courts of
law. This committee had full powers committed
to it. And the witnesses summoned before it for
examination are as much bound to answer inter-
rogatories as witnesses in a court of law. In
making this statement, he did not pretend to set
up any new principles; he was merely endeavor-
ing to explain the principles which uniformly
govern the taking of testimony, as laid down in all
the books on evidence.
In the first place, a witness may refuse to answer
questions, the replies to which will have a tendency
tocriminate himself. Now, was there anything in
the questions proposed by this committee to Mr.
Ritchie, the replies to which could, by any
possibility, tend to his crimination ? He does not
pretend to deny that the articles appeared in his
paper. He only refuses to give up the name of
the writer. How could the disclosure of the name
of the witter criminate Mr. Ritchie ? It was im-
possible that it could have any such effect. He
cannot, therefore, come before this House and ask
to be excused from answering the questions pro-
posed to him under the first great and governing
principle of law.
What is the second ground on which a witness
may demand to be excused from answering ques-
tions ? It is in a case where, by answering a
question put to him, he will subject himself to a
forfeiture or penalty. Now, what forfeiture or
penalty wouid Mr. Ritchie incur by giving a reply
to these questions? None whatever. There
could be no forfeiture or penalty imposed on a free
press. None whatever. The editor of a public
journal has an unquestioned right to publish what
he pleases. He publishes on his own responsibil-
ity. If, in the exercise of this right, he publish a
libel, he is answerable to the law, as well as the
writer of the libel. Thomas Ritchie could certainly
incur no iWfeiture or penalty by replying to the
questions of the committee—ceitamly no further
forfeiture of public confidence or lespect. He
cannot, theieforc, come to this House and ask to
be excused on this second legal ground.
The third legal ground on which a witness may
claim to be excused from replying to a question is,
where the question is not relevant to the issue, and
the tendency of the answer would be to degrade the
character of the witness. And was there any ques-
tion of this kind proposed to Thomas Ritchie?
None at all. It would be difficult, indeed, to con-
struct, or even to propound any question, the an-
swer to which, by possibility, could degrade his
character. What! degrade the character of one
who, as every man knows, has, for forty years,
been engaged at Richmond and here, in the,propa-
gation of slanders against all noble, truthful men?
Such a thing is, indeed, impossible. How, in the
estimation of every right-minded and true-hearted
I gentleman, could any mterrogatoiies be propound-
; ed to such a man, the answer to which woi^ld m-
i volve a deeper dcgiee of degradation of character
| than that which he has long since brought upon
[ himself?
j He was sorry to be compelled to make these re-
| marks. But through this paper he had been him-
! self assailed with the most bitter vituperation. He
was not in the practice of commencing a personal
war against any one. He called on any gentle-
man on the floor to point out to him a single in-
stance in which he had made an unprovoked at-
tack on any individual, if any gentleman would
gay he had done so, he would beg pardon of that
gentleman and of the House. Now, the " Union "
was generally known to be the lowest sewer of
corruption. It had been so characterized by mem-
bers of the House, and he agreed with them on
this point. In attacking that paper, he hoped it
would not be charged against him that he designed
to assail the public press of our country, but merely
to expose one who had descended from that high
ground which an editor ought to occupy, to in-
dulge his degraded taste, by resorting to personal
scurrilities-and slanderous vituperation. He knew
that Thomas Ritchie had an audience which he
(Mr. E.) could never reach. The slanders upon
him had been sowed by this man broadcast over
the whole extent of the country. In consequence
of that wide dissemination of these ribald attacks,
he had received anonymous letters of an abusive
character from parts of the country where he was
not personally known. But every one here was
well acquainted with the true character of Thomas
Ritchie and of the paper under his control.
Thegentleman from New Hampshire has totally
failed to show that these parties could claim to be
excused from replying to the questions put to
them, under either of the three principles which he
hud quoted. The question is one strictly legal in its
character, whether a witness is, or is not bound to
answer the interrogatories put to him. The prin-
ciples on which this question turns are laid down
in the best works on evidence, and he had given
them as they were laid down. They had never
been controverted in any court of justice. If it
could be shown that Thomas Ritchie claims under
either of these grounds of excuse, he may refuse
to answer these interrogatories put to him by the
committee. It was a great question—not perhaps
as regards Thomas Ritchie, or so far as he is con-
cerned; but it is an important question because of
the magnitude of the principle which it involves.
And u ought not to be disposed of hastily and
without consideration. In the midst of stirring
topics demanding our attention, it is perhaps out
of place that we should proceed to consider any-
thing concerning Thomas Ritchie. But we might
devote an evening session to the question of the
right of refusal to answer, interrogatories. Great
principles he at the bottom of this matter. If he
be compellable, the party ought to be compelled to
give an answer to the questions. And if we are
riot disposed, at this late period of the session, to
go into a full consideration of the subject, it may
be better to protest against any conclusion adverse
to our nght3 flowing from our indisposition now
to pursue it. * .
He had heard it said, that in the State of Penn-
sylvania a Roman Catholic priest was exempted
from the obligation of disclosing in evidence any
facts which may have been communicated to him
under the seal of Confession.
Mr. CASEY said, the contrary had been held.
Mr. EVANS said he was informed by a law-
yer from that State, that the practice was exactly
the reverse. And if it is not so in that State, it is so
in no other place. And if the priest is not exempted,
this editor should not be. Counsel may, indeed, re-
fuse^o answer questions, but this is not the privilege
of the counsel, but of the client, whose interest he
protects; and he had never heard, until to-day,
that editors were privileged to receive communica-
tions concerning which they could not be ques-
tioned. Some had, indeed, from time immemorial,
been privileged to abuse private character. Any
one who is able to raise means to purchase a press
and types and paper, may exercise this privilege,
if he descend so far. But he had never heard of
any legal reason why an individual exercising this
privilege, should be exempted from tfie rule which
requires that witnesses shall answer the questions
proposed to them. Editors can claim no exclu-
sive exemption from this rule. The privilege
granted to them, if granted at all, is to be by our
timidity. It is because we are fearful of giving*
offence-to an editor, whose practice it is to assail,
indiscriminately, whomsoever he chooses, that we
desire to establish such a principle. It is a privi-
lege to be bestowed on anonymous writers, on
slanderers, and on one who has grown old in the
business of perpetrating his assaults on purity of
character. It is such a man who is to be priv-
ileged. Now, he respected the freedom of the
ptess as much as any man. He had no«desire
that it should become a practice to surrender the
names of all those who write for the public jour-
nals, by requiring signatures to the articles, as has
