586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2*2,
when he died, he was in Texas commanding as a
brigadier-general.
Mr. KING. I am perfectly aware of that—I
understood it. So if he had been a lieutenant, and
brevetted as captain, he would have been captain
when there was no captain to command. I am of
pinion that, in giving these allowances, we
should look to the actual rank of the individual.
If that is not done, I do not see where we are to
stop. I ask the Senator from Arkansas why we
should not as well give to this lady the half-pay
of a major-general ? General Worth was a major-
general by brevet; he commanded as major-gen-
eral during*a portion of the war with Mexico; he
was a major-general, because there was no older
officer of that gradfe serving with him. So at the
time of his death, he commanded as brigadier-
general, because there was no older brigadier-gen-
eral serving with him; but he was in fact a colonel.
Now, I object to the precedent of leaving these
matters to be decided by the kind feelings of the
Congress of the United States, toward persons
who have performed distinguished services.
I repeat again, that it is with great reluctance
that I throw any obstacle in the way of the mani-
festation of a liberal and generous spiiit, on the
part of the Government, toward the widow of this
distinguished officer; but I wish that it should be
done in a way such as we may practice hereafter
in similar cases, and not leave it uncertain, merely
to be settled by the degree of feelina:. I think
that the half-pay of a colonel is all that should be
granted in this case.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state to the gentleman
from Alabama, that General Worth was not acting
in thecapacity of a brigadier-general because there
was no older officer of that grade to take the rank,
but had for years been a brigadier-eeneral by the
assignment of the President of the United States.
True, he was in the line only a colonel—a colonel
of infantry; but he had for years been acting as a
brigadier-general under the assignment of the Presi-
dent, and not by seniority only. He went into
Texas to take the command there, not by senior-
ity, but by the assignment of the President, which
was to all intents and purposes an appointment as
brigadier-general. Therefore, the committee have
fixed upon this rate, in view of the rank he held,
not merely by brevet, but by the assignment of
the President, and in which he wa3 known to the
country, and as which he had long done duty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Arkansas has certainly not done more than justice
to the merits of the deceased soldier. I think, in-
deed, that he has fallen short of it His glories are
not half told in the narration of all his services
connected with the Mexican war. Holding a less
rank, he was equally distinguished during the war
of 1812. Conspicuous for his gallantry at Lundy's
Lane, he there received a wound, from which he
never recovered, but which continued seriously to
affect him throughout the whole course of his life.
There is, probably, no one here, whose sympathy
is as much excited by this case as my own; yet I
agree with the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. King,]
that this should not be made a mere question of
feeling. I agree, that however meritorious and
gallant may be the officer, and however his claim
may be presented to the Senate, there are higher
considerations than those of mere feeling. I think
they exist in this case. The rule of this Govern-
ment, in relation to the army, is to pay them the
smallest compensation for which such services can
bo obtained; and it is the certainty of pay, and the
prospect of promotion only, which holds men of
true abilities now in the army; and without that
inducement, they certainly would not remain there.
That componsanon, however, endures only so
long as the officer may live, unless under an espe-
cial act of Congress it is extended for the benefit
of his family; and its rate is so low as to forbid the
supposition of provision having beer made for the
future support of those who depended upon him.
The question we now have to decide is, whether
such extension shall be made to this case or not?
Had this officer fallen, while on duty, in the war
with Mexico, then his widow would have been
placed on the pension list by the existing law.
Mr. KING To what extent?
Mr. DAVIS. The highest rate of pension is
the half-pay of a lieutenant-colonel, and her name
would have been placed on the list at the highest
rate the law admits. Though the Senator from
Arkansas justly alluded to the soldierly manner in
which this officer met death by disease, in advanc-
ing on San Antonio, I think he might with justice
have said his constitution was shattered in Mex-
ico, and that he brought from that contest the
seeds of disease which rendered him peculiarly
liable to the epidemic of which he died. Officers
who have not Encountered that epidemic, are now
suffering on sick leaves throughout the country,
from the like effects of that war. The distinction
is, to say the least of it, a very subtle one, which
gives the benefit of the law to one who died in
Mexico, of disease contracted in the line of his
duty, but withholds it if he lived long enough to
return home. I would go further, and say, that
while we pursue this low rate of compensation,
and obtain a capacity which would secure double
the amouut in other walks of life, that we should
make provisions that would render them satisfied
with this compensation; and one of them would be
to provide for their families afrer death.
This officer would have been entitled to a pen-
sion any day that he might have left the army, for
the wounds he received in battle, and we but ex-
tend to the widow, left destitute by the sudden
death which cut him off while engaged in the ser-
vice of his country, the pension which the officer
might have secured for himself, and, free from
that danger, have lived long to enjoy. I vote it to
his window, on strict principles of justice. ! ask
nothing from feeling, however high the claim to it
might be, and I think that strict justice requires that
we should place the widow oh the pension list, at
least at the highest rate known to our existing
laws.
Mr. KING. That would be the half-pay of a
lieutenant-colonel ?
Mr. DAVIS. Well?
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the bill will pass with-
out amendment. We are very much in the habit
of erecting marble monuments by way of testify-
ing our gratitude and regard for the meritorious
and gallant dead; but I prefer living monuments
of our gratitude. It is in that point of view that
I would provide for the widow of the gallant sol-
dier, who rendered public services to his country,
and who, if he lived now, would be entitled to the
amount provided for.
Mr. SHIELDS. I concur, sir, in the remarks
of my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
on this subject. I do not like to remain silent
when a question of this kind comes before the
Senate, for I was well acquainted with General
Worth in his lifetime. It is not necessary for me
to say that a more gallant, a more brilliant, a more
talented officer, has never commanded m the Amer-
ican army, since its first organization; and I say to
my friend from Alabama, [Mr. King,] who I know
would do nothing that even appeared to be un-
generous to General Worth, that throughout the
whole of the Mexican war, he commanded, not as
a colonel, but as a brigadier-general, by assignment
of the Government. It is true, sir, that it was not
his rank in the line, and it is true also, as the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] said, that no
man can get a higher pension under the existing
law than that of a lieutenant-colonel, and I think
the system is exceedingly wrong ; but General
Worth, throughout the whole of the Mexican war,
commanded as a brigadier-general.
Mr. "DAVIS, of Mississippi. Part of the time
as a major-general. ~ *
Mr. SHIELDS Yes; part of the time as a
major-general, and this by the special assignment
of'his Government; and if there is any pension
due to his widow, it is not according to his mere
lineal rank, but according to that which he actually
held and occupicd. I should be very sorry, there-
fore, to see any movement made here to lower the
pension under fifty dollars.
I agree with the Senator from South Carolina,
that while we give marble testimonials of our re-
gard for the brave men who have fallen in battle,
this is a more substantial testimonial to the hero
who has fallen, though not in battle, yet, as was
said by the Senator from Mississippi, under the
effect of a disease which he contracted in the ser-
vice of his country.
Mr. KING. There is no man in this nation
!• less disposed to detract from the merits of General
ij Worth, than myself. I had the pleasure of know-
h ing him from a much earlier period than the Sena-
| tor from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] I knew him,
ij sir, in the war with Great Britain, in 1812—I knew
il him well, and in every station in which he has
been placed, hedischarged hisduty gallantly, faith-
fully, and in such a manner as to distinguish him-
self before the whole American people. It is not
becausel underrate the services of General Worth—
certainly not; but gentlemen speak in this matter
as if a pension was to be given to General Worth,
which is usual and -ordinary, and not to be taken
out of the ordinary rule because of his distinguished
services, and because he occupied a particular
grade in the army. This is not so. If Genera!
Wor',h had fallen in any of the battles in which he
fought in Mexico, wheie he covered himself with
glory, what would have been the condition of his
widow? According to the existing laws, she
would be entitled to a pension of the half-pay of a
lieutenant-colonel, and nothing beyond it. Now,
I am prepared, in this particular case, although it
does not come strictly within the provisions of the
law—for General Worth has not fallen in battle—to
waive any objections which exist on the subject,
and place Mrs. Worth on the pension list at a
higher rate than, with one exception, any widow
of any officer of any grade ever before received,
and that alone by a special act of Congress; and
that one was the widow of an officer of the naval
service. Is thatanythingungenerous? Thiswidow
will get a higher pay than the widow of any other
officer, provided we give her the half-pay of a full
colonel, which was the rank of General Worth.
Is that any thing illiberal, to astonish gentlemen,
or to show that we are not disposed to ^ive some-
thing substantial to the widow of this gallant
officer? Certainly not.
I repeat again, sir, that, having known that offi-
cer long and well, and appreciated him as highly
as the Senator from Illinois possibly can, it is with
great reluctance that I present myself in opposi-
tion to any manifestation of the respectand regard
which the Senate of the United States is disposed
to show to his memory, by placing his widow on
the pension list at the highest possible rate. But
the highest rate under the law would have been
that of a lieutenant-colonel, and I am prepared to
take it out of the order, and give her the pay he
would have been entitled to receive, provided his
life had been spared.
Mr. BORLAND. If the general law had pro-
vided for the case, no difficulty would have existed.
It is because the general law does not provide for
it, that this bill is introduced.
Mr. DICKINSON. Representing in part the
State from which this lamented officer came, I rise
to second the wish that the bill may pass, lest my
silence under the circumstances should be re-
garded as indifference, and to signify my high
appreciation of the testimony which has been
borne in favor of the memory of this brave officer
by Senators who have preceded me, and espe-
cially by his noble companion in arms. There is
little danger that the passage of this bill will be
drawn in precedent for some improper occasion.
Wars, it is to be hoped, will not be frequent; and
such gallant and generous spirits as those of the
departed Worth, will be " few, and far between."
The amendment to fill the blank with per
month, was then agreed to, the bill was reported
to the Senate, the amendment agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. MORTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting, on
certain conditions, the alternate sections of the
public lands along the route of a railroad from
Pensacola, in the State of Florida, to Montgom-
ery, in the State of Alabama, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which lies over:
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Buildings be m-
sUuctfd to inquire into the expediency ot in:ikmg-om<: fur-
ther ami adequate arrangement for tlie accommodation of
the official reporters of the Senate.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Mason, on the 16th of January last, was taken up
and referred to the Committee of Claims:
Resolved, Tlrnt the Secretary pay out of the contingent
fund of the Senate to Willtsim Collins!, Ute First Auditor,
and Peter G. Washington, late Sixth Auditor, the  um of
M ven hundred and fihy dollars each, for services rendered
in examining and stating the accounts in the case of Jen-
