1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
nings, Roddy, and Carter, in accordance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 11th of August, 1848, reported by them
to the Senate on the 12th of February, 1849.
And that he a!*o pay to William D. Bagnall, the sum of
one hundred dollars; to   Pritchard the sum of forty
dollars; and to Moses M. Myers the sum of twenty dollars,
for services rendered by them jn examining and stating ac-
counts from the banks at Norfolk, Richmond and Peters-
burg, respectively, pertaining to said claim, and at the re-
quest of said auditois.
UNITED STATES AGENT IN HUNGARY.
Mr. BELL. I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to a resolution offered by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] some time ago, calling on
the Secretary of State to inform us whether there
had been any agent sent from this Government to
Hungary. I move the consideration of thatieso-
lution, and I would merely state, that I do so upon
having my attention called to some paragraphs in
a speech delivered in the other house, m which
some representations were made of the action of
this Government very different from what t sup-
posed to have been the course pursued. I trust
the Senate, therefore, will see the propriety, in
view of such a statement going abroad, of calling
for the production of the correspondence in the
matter. I do not know what the fact really is, or
what is the character of the correspondence, or the
particular nature of the interference of our Gov-
ernment. I have only understood, in general
terms, on making inquiries at the proper source,
that it is very different from the newspaper repre-
sentations of the day, and particularly that in the
apparently carefully-prepared speech to which I
have referred.
The resolution was taken up and adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quited to communicate to the Senate a copy ot the in-
structions givi-n to ihe a^ent of the United States, who was
employed to visit Hungary durins the recent war between
that country and Austria, and of the correspondence by
and with such agent, so far as the publication of the same
inay be consistent with the public interest.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The hour for taking up the special order of the
day having arrived,
Mr. Smith and Mr. Foote rose simultaneously.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator fiom Connecti-
cut yield the floor for one moment?
Mr. SMITH. I will for a moment.
Mr. FOOTE. I beg leave to suggest that the
Senator from Connecticut very courteously pro-
posed yesterday to yield the floor for to-day, pro-
vided he could have an opportunity to occupy the
attention of the Senate to-morrow, and the subject
on which^he was speaking could be made the or-
derof the day for to-morrow at half-past 12o'clock.
I hope, by general consent, that arrangement may
now be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the order of business. The first order of
business is the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the resolution of the Senator from
Maine,and on this question the Senator from Con-
necticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that that subject be
postponed, and made the order of the day for to-
morrow at 12 o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, I desire to say that I cannot
vote for this motion, because I do not like the pre-
cedent. I think it is due to the Senator from Con-
necticut to extend to him the same courtesy which
has been extended to other Senators, whose Re-
marks have been interrupted by the hour of ad-
journment. I think that courtesy to the Senator,
as well as the importance of the subject, demand
that attention should be given to its present con-
sideration. _
Mr. FOOTE. I am incapable of discourtesy to
the honorable Senator from Connecticut. I very
explicitly stated, that the motion I was about to
offer was one on which I had the consent of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut himself. If
the honorable Senator from New York had paid
attention to the progress of the matter, he would
have known that Senators were courteous enough
not to require to be collected by the castigatory
lash of his rhetoric. As I said before, I made the
motion with the consent of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut; and how it is that the honora-
ble Senator from New York thinks that discour-
tesy has been shown to the Senator from Connec-
ticut, and feels it his duty to get up and shield him
from our barbarous discourtesy, 1 cannot say. I
am certain that the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, from the prowess and intellectual vigor
he displayed yesterday, is at least as able to defend
himself from our assaults as the honorable Senator
from' New York is to afford him the gracious
shelter of his protection.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 desire the Senate to adopt
such course as will be most acceptable to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut. I understand the Senator
from Mississippi to say, that he has the consent of
the Senator from Connecticut in making this mo-
tion. If it is the desire of the Senator from Con-
necticut that the question should be postponed till
to-morrow, I shall vote for it; but if he would pre-
fer to have it go over to next week, I shall be will-
ing to adopt that course.
Mr. SMITH. I have yielded to the earnest
solicitations—1 will not say importunities—of Sen-
ators, to allow the question to be postponed, as well
as in consideration of the somewhat tedious details
into which I am constrained to enter in connection
with this subject. 1 am prepared to proceed with
my remarks at this time, and would prefer to do
so, but 1 know that my honorable friend from New
Jersey is very desirous to have the floor to-day,
and the Senator from Mississippi has also some
views, which he wishes to present, in relation to
some motion that he has submitted to the Senate
for raising a committee. I said to the Senator from
Mississippi, that if the Senate would give me the
floor to-morrow I would waive my claim for to-
day, but with the understanding that my right to
the floor is not to* be superseded by any business
which may be before us at the hour of adjournment.
The question being taken on postponing the
consideration of theresolution of the Senator from
Maine till to-morrow at 12 o'clock, and a division
being called for, there were ayes 22, noes 12.
So the motion was agreed to.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON COMPROMISE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness is the consideration of the resolutions of the
Senator from Tennessee, which the Senator from
Mississippi has moved to refer to a select commit-
tee of thirteen, and on this question the Senator
from New Jersey is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate nearly two
hours and a half, [of which a report will appear
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BALDWIN. I moved that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
Wednesday next; for if 1 understand alight, by
general conscnt the session of to-morrow is to be
devoted to the speech of my colleague, [Mr.
Smith;] on Monday the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] is entitled to the floor on the Pres-
ident's message, in regard to California; and on
Tuesday the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] has
the floor on the other special order. I suppose,
therefore, that Wednesday will be the earliest op-
portunity I can have of expressing myself upon
the general topics presented by these resolutions.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to appeal to the
Senator from Connecticut—for I know that ap-
peals from this source to him are of no avail on
any subject—but to suggest to those who have in-
fluence with him, whether it isexpedient or proper,
under the circumstances of the case, that this mo-
tion of mine should be postponed as he proposes.
There are other questions pending, which the Sen-
ator, and others disposed to continue this debate,
can discuss, while this motion of mine is being
carried out. The committee which I propose, could
be raised, and proceed with the performance of
their duty, while this discussion could proceed on
some other of the various resolutions on the same
I subject that have been submitted to this body. I
! will not urge the matter, but I had hoped that we
'• should this day have raised this committee of thir-
teen. I do believe the country desires immediate
; action on this subject, and I had hoped no obsta-
1 cle would fiave been interposed fiom any quarter,
to taking the voteand raising the committee to-day,
or, at least, that action upon the subject would not
have been postponed to a later period than Monday.
I had a sort ^f informal understanding with sev-
eral gentlemen some time ago, that if I would not
press the matter, the vote should be taken on that
day. I have certainly no wish to interrupt the
current of debate, and 1 am very willing to hear
J any and every gentleman; but it seems to me this
! committee should be raised at once.
| A single remark, and I have done. Why it is
i that Senators who wish to discuss the questions
involved in this motion, cannot reserve them-
selves for the report of this committee—which, 
if appointed to-day t would probably come in on
Monday or Tuesday—when they would have the
opportunity of discussing some specific and defi-
nite plan, and of speaking more profitably to the
country and to themselves, I do not understand.
I say, again, I have no hope of succeeding with
the Senator, and I trust that some gentleman on
the other side will prevail on him to withdraw his
motion for so long a postponement. If he does
not, I" do trust that Senators who concur in opin-
ion with me, as to the necessity of immediate ac-
tion on this subject, will vote in opposition to his
motion, and thereby allow this committee of thir-
teen to be appointed at the piesent time.
Mr. BALDWIN. If it is not the design of
Senators to afford me an opportunity of delivering
my sentiments on the general question, on the
amendment which I myself offered to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi, by postpon-
ing it to some future day, I shall of course be
obliged to proceed on the present occasion, and
discuss, as it is my intention to discuss before the
question is taken on this propostion, the-policy
which has been indicated by the proposal to se-
lect a committee of thirteen, from the North and
the South, to settle thi3 question, upon which it is
said that the country is divided as a sectional
question, but which I, for one, standing here as
an American Senator, am unwilling to admit. I
claim, sir, that these questions are to be decided
as they present themselves, irrespective of any
other feeling applicable to any of these proposi-
tions, upon their own intrinsic merits 1 am ut-
terly opposed to the system of bringing together
propositions, having no relation to each other,
standing on consideiatious entirely independent
of eaeh other, and insisting that they shall all be
referred together to a committee composed of
members from different sections, and settled upon
the principle of a mutual concession. Sir, that-
is the principle of the proposition pending before
the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator bear with me
for a few moments ? I wish to hear him speak,
and if the Senator will proceed with his remarks
at the present time, I think all will listen to him
with a great deal of pleasure.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. BALDWIN. 1 am ready to proceed now,
but if it is the desire of Senators I should not, I
will move that the further consideration of the
subject be postponed until Wednesday next.
Mr. FOOTE. It has been intimated to me by
gentlemen, who concur with me in the propriety of
my motion, that after the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Connecticut that he wishes to speak on
this proposition because he offered an amendment
to it, 1 am bound to yield to that suggestion. In
doing so, however, I appeal to the Senators on the
other side of the chamber, that after the Senator
from Connecticut shall have spoken next Wednes-
day, they shall permit the vote to be taken on this
motion. Or if gentlemen can state some earlier
^lay on which they think they can agree with me
in having the vote taken, I assure them I will
throw no obstacle m the way. I will go with the
Senator from Connecticut in the postponement of
the question until Wednesday next, in Older to
give him an opportunity of being heard, with the
understanding, I trust, that the vote shall be taken
on that day, after the speech of the Senator.
Mr. BALDWIN. The ordy understanding I
can have with the gentleman is, that it is my de-
sire to address the Senate before this vote shall be
taken. If others wish to address the Senate on
the same question, after I have concluded the ob-
servations 1 intend to offer, certainly by no motion
of mine, nor by any consent of mine, will I enter
into any arrangement to deprive them of an oppor-
tunity to do so.
The motion to postpone the further .considera-
tion of the subject until Wednesday next was then
agreed to,
And the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 23, 1850.
The Journal having been lead,
ORDER OF THE DAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated that the Sen-
ate had made the resolution of the Senator from
