588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] under discussion on
- Thursday last, the special order for this- day, at
tweN o'clock. The rule directed the reception of
petitions, reports of committees, &e., before the
special orders should be taken up. Unless this
usual order of business was waived by unanimous
consent, the Chair would proceed with the call for
petitions.
Mr. HUNTER suggested that the special or-
der be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. YCJLEE said that he was under the im-
pression that there was no quorum present, and
therefore it was not possible for the Senate to pro-
ceed to business.
Mr. SMITH was of opinion that the resolution
of the honorable senator from Maine was made the
order of the day at half-past twelve o'clock, and
not at twelve o'clock.
Several Senators. It was at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that the resolution was made the order of
the day at twelve o'clock.
Mr. SMITH preferred to proceed with his re-
marks, if there be no objection, as it had been a
somewhat embarrassing subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida [Mr. Yulee] has raised an objection.
Mr. YULEE withdrawing his objection.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the consid-
eration of the following resolution, submitted by
Mr. Bradbury:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
laid beloie the Senate, all charges which have been pre-
fer! eil or filed m any of the depirtments against individuals
who have been removed from olficc &ince the fourth day of
Match I.ist, with a &p  cihoation of the cases, if any, in
which lheoflic< rs charged have had opportunity to be heard,
and a natement of the number of removals made under
each depaument, including Miboidmaies in the custom-
houses and other brandies of the public service.
Mr. SMITH resumed and concluded his re-
marks, in reply to Mr. Bradbury's speech in
_ support of the resolution. [His remarks will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. S. having concluded his remarks,
Mr. BRADBURY and Mr. SEWARD arose
simultaneously.
The CHAIR recognized the former.
Mr. B. asked if it was ;he desire of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] or any other
gentleman, to address the Senate on the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. SEWARD said he had risen to ask a post-
ponement, for the benefit of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell.]
Mr. BRADBURY, with that view, moved that
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until Thursday next,and that it be made the
special order for one o'clock; winch was agreed to.
Mr. B. suggested to the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Smith,] that when he came to
publish his tevi&ed Mpcech, he would, when quo-
ting from the pievious lemarks made by him,
(Mr. B.,) be particular to give his sentiments as
uttered.
Mr SMITH said it was quite possible that lie
might unintentionally have misquoted the Senar
tor's language, and if so, the correction should be
made.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, JMarch 25, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY rose, and said it was very im-
portant that the deficiency bill should be disposed
of. He asked the House, therefore, by unani-
mous consent, to take it up.
Objection was made.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules of the House
be suspended for the purpose he had indicated.
The question on that motion was taken, and
decided m the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
The House, thereupon, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending;
the 30th of June, ]830. ;
The pending question was on seconding the j
demand for the previous question. j
And the question having been taken, there was !
a second. j
And the main question (being first on agreeing \
to the amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and then on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing) was ordered to be now taken.
The SPEAKER said that the Clerk would
report all the amendments, and that upon an inti-
mation by any 'gentleman, that a separate vote
was desired on any one of them, that amendment
would be excepted.
The amendments were then read, and those on
which a separate vote had not been demanded,
were concurred in.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr., JONES and Mr. HALL demanded a sep-
arate vote, and the yeas and nays on concurring
in the following amendment:
" For salaries of chief clerk and other cleiks in the office
of the Secretary ot the Interior, from the 9th of March,
ld49, to the 30th ot June, 1850, the Mim ot $14,556 $2;
Prodded, That thereafter the clerks shall be transferred
fiom the other departments in proportion to the business
transfeired, to the Department of the luteiior, or fioiu the
bureaus ot other departments, and nothing herem contained
shall be construed to authorize any increase ot clerical
ioice m the s"veral departments, in consequence of the
I creation of the Department ot the Interior, above the speci-
fication of the law of March 3d, 1849 "
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, and Mr. WENT-
WORTH called for the reading of the amend-
ment, and it was read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, stated that,
having paired ott with Mr. White on the un-
derstanding that he (Mr.T.) should not vote until
the return of that gentleman, he should decline
to vote.
The question on concurring in the said amend-
ment was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 93, nays 83, as follows:
YEAS—Mt$?rs Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bennett, Booth, lioyd, Breek, Bngg-j, Brooks, Burrows,
Cnester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Claike, CHngman, Cole, Conner,
Coiwin, Ciowell, Deberry, Dickey, Duly, Duer, Duncan,
Duikee, Fowler, Freedley, Uenuy, Ciddmgs, Goudenow,
Gott, Gould, Gunnel), Hdlloway, Hampton, Raymond,
Ilenry. Hilhaid, Huwb, Hunter, William T. Jackson, James
L. Johnton, Julian, Ken, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
' James G. King, John A. King, lloiace Mann, McGaugtiey,
j iMeKissock, FuiisE. McLean,McMullen, iVleaeham,Moore,
j Moieheud, Morton, Nelson, Nr.s, Oile, Orr, Otif, Owen,
| Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
| Rum?.ey, S.iekett, Sehenck, Sciiermerhorn, Schouleiatt,
' Shepperd, Silvester, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, TiKiddeus Stevens. Strong, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
; Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, Williams, YVin-
throp—yy.
NAYS—Messrs. Albcrtson, Ashe, Bay, Bayly, Bcate,
Bingham, Bi-sell, Bocoek, Bovvdon, Buvvlm, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Bucl, Burt, Cartlei, Cleveland,
VV. R. w. Colli) Dimmiek, Disney, Dunham, Featherston,
Fitch, Full< i, Gilmore, Gorman, Guen, Hail, Hamilton,
Maralson, Marian, Thomas L. iJauio, liibbaid, llo igland,
llolhda\, Howard, Ilubbaid, Jaine.* T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Kobeit W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
Preston King, La fc-ere, Leffler, Littleheld, Joo Mann,
Mason, MtCiemaiid, Mi-Donald, McDowell, Robert M.
McLane, AliUueen, Miller, Millson, Mouis, Moise, Olds,
Parker, Peailee, Peck, Phtlps, Potter, Powell, Robinson,
: Ros<, Savage, Siwtelle, Seddon, Stetson, Swettser,
' Tnomas, James Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs,
i Venabie, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth,
Wood, Woodward, Youn"—83.
I ' ? ©
1 So the amendment was concurred in.
i Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, accidentally out
; of his seat, when his name was called, asked the
unanimous consent of the House, to record his
i vote.
Objection was made.
! PRUSSIA AND AUSTRIA.
| Mr. McCLERNAND demanded a separate
! vote, and the yeas and nays on concurring m the
; following amendment: j
1 " For outfit of the minister to Prussia, .$9,000 For outfit ;
1 of charge d'allanes to Austria, ^-4joOU." j
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
i And the question, " Will the House concur in !
j the said amendment r" was taken and decided in !
j the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 72, assfolIows: j
! YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Al.-ton, Anderson, An- !
' drew*, Ashmun, Aveieit, Bajly, Bennett, Bocoek, Boyd, :
J Breek, Bnggs, Biooks, Buirows, Burt, Cntster Butler 1
Thomas B. Butlei, Josepn P. Caldwell, Calvin, Ca-ey,
Chandler, Clark, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowtll, Dtberiy, i
Dickey, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander.Evaris>3 Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Gott, Gouid, Gun- '
nell, Hall, ffallowdv, Hampton, Haialson, Lhani G. Harris, ,
Haymond. Henry. Milliard, Holluiay, Howard, Howe Hub- '
bard, Hunter, James W. Jackson, William T. Jackson •
James L. Johnson, Kerr, Damei P. King, Geoige G. King <:
James G. Km?, John A. Km?, Horace Mann, Marshall, <
M.iUeson, MeGanghey, iMeKi^oek, Finis E McLean
McUueen, Meacham, Millson, Moore, Morehead, Morton >
Nelson, Xes, Ojjle, Otis, Owen, Parker, i'eek, Phelu*,, Plioe' i!
nix, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Kockwell, Root,'Jio e, |l
Rmnsey, Sacke.tt, lavage, Scheiiek, Sciiermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Sadden, Sh«'pperd, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly,
Frediriek P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurinan, Underbill,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, and
Wmthrop-—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Bingham, Bissell,
Booth,Bowdon,Bowhn,AlbertG Brown,WilliainJ.Brown,
Buel,Cartter, Cleveland,VV. R.W. Cobb, Coleock, Dunmick,
Disney, Doty, Dunham, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller Gilmore,
Gorman, Green, Hamilton, Harlan, Sampson VV. Hairis,
Thomas L. Harris, Hibbaid, Hoagland, Inge, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston
King, La SGre, Leffier, Littlefield, Job Mann, .Vinson, Mc-
Clefnand, McDonald,McDowell,It. M. McLane, McMullen,
Miller, Morti ,Morse, Olds, Orr, Pedalee, Potur, Robinson,
Ross, Sawtelle, Stetson, Strong, Sweet^er, Thomas, J unes
Thompson, William Thompson, Venabie, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Wentworth, Wood, Woodward, and Young—72.
So the amendment was concurred in.
SEMINOLE INDIANS.
Mr. BAYLY asked for a separate vote on the
following amendment, viz: To strike from the ap-
propriation providing for the removal and subsist-
j ence of the Seminole Indians, now in Florida,
I west of the Mississippi, the sum of $400,000, and
| to insert $200,000.
| Mr. CARTTER asked the yeas and nays; which
| were ordered.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 75, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Bay,
Bennett, Bingham, Bi-sell, Bocock, Booth, Bowiin, B< yd,
William J. Brown, Buel. Burrows, Chester Butler, Cartter,
Clark, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Conger, CioweP,
Dickey, Dunmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
niuudson, Alexander Evans, Featherston, Fitch. Fowler,
Freedley. Fuller, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman,
Gott, Gould, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Harlan, Ishatn G.
Iidins, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Ilairis, IJenry,
Hoagland, Howard, Ilowe, Hubbaid, Hunter, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Daniel
P. Kins, Preston King, LelHer, Littlefield, Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell,
McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E.
McLean, Meaeham, Miller, Moore, Morrn, Morse, Ogle,
Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Putnam,
ij Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Ross, Saekett, Savage, Saw-
'j telle,Schenck, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Sweet-
1 ser, Thomas, James Thompson, William Tiioinp-on, Ven-
i able, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth, Wood, Wood-
! ward, and Young—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, A=hmun,
Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bowdon, Breek, Brigg<, Albert G.
Brown, Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Casey, Chandler, Chngman, Coleock* Cole, Corwin,
Deberry, Duer, Duncan, Gentry, Green, Grinnell, Hamp-
ton, Haralson, Haymond, Hibbard, HiIhard,Holhday, Inge,
James W. Ja< kson, Wm. T. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Kerr, George G. King. James G. King, J. A. King, Marshall,
J McGaughey. McQueen, Millson, Morchead, Morton, Nelson,
i Ne*, Orr, Owen, Parkei, Phoenix, Pitman, Reed, Rose,
| Rum^ey, Sohermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silve&ter,
: Spalding, Stanly, Fiederick P. Stanton, Richard H. btin-
i ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Taylor, Tooinh-s, Underbill,
| Van D>ke, Vinton, Watkins, VVelLorn, Williams, and
i Wmthrop—75.
i So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments having been now disposed of—
: The question recurred on ordering the bill to a
third reading; and the, question having been taken,
| and decided in the affirmative, the bill was ordered
; to a third reading at this time.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of that
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
It was so ordered.
The bill was then read a third time by its title,
and the question being " Shall this bill pass r"—
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second, and the mam question was
ordered to be now taken.
i ^Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked the yeas and
nays on the main question.
The SPEAKER having counted, said there was
not a sufficient number in favor thereof,
j Mr. HARRIS called for tellers on the yeas and
i nays, (and Messrs. Calvin and McQueen were
| appointed.)
And the question having been again taken, the
! yeas and nays were ordered.
[ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked if the
bill and amendments had been engrossed.
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
A brief conversation followed.
Mr. JO-NES inquired whether it was in order to
call for the reading of the bill as engrossed.
The SPEAKER said the bill had been already
read a third time.
Mr. JONES said, only by the title, not through.
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the reading of the bill by the title the third time,
was such a rending as was contemplated by the
rules of the House.
The question, "Shall this bill pass?" was then
