1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 28,
Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Robinson, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanlv. Strong,
Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tburman,
Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Walden, Waklo, Wal-
king Wentworth, "White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams,
Wiimot, Wilson, Wood, and Young—140.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill from the Senate, entitled "An act for the
relief of Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas Rogers,"
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
GRANTS OF LAND IN ARKANSAS.
The next bill was a bill in relation to donations
of land to certain persons in the State of Arkansas,
which was twice read by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
reading of the bill.
The bill was read through.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said: This bill
provides for the location of claims which have been
in existence for many years, and most of which
have been located; those which are not now lo-
cated, and cannot be in consequence of the limita-
tion having expired; all claims which belong to
minor heirs, and claims which, having been loca-
ted, had become the subject of dispute and had at
a subsequent period been rejected from the par-
ticular location. The bill was one which had
passed the House at the last Congress (according
to his present recollection) and had failed in the
Senate for want of time. It had now passed the
Senate, and, unless it was forthwith passed here,
it would again fail for want of time. It was a just
bill, and he moved that it be put upon its passage.
The question being taken—
The bill was read a third time and passed.
OCRACOKE.
The next bill from the Senate was the bill en-
titled "An act to amend the act entitled, 'An act to
amend, in the eases therein mentioned, the act to
regulate the duties on imports and tonnage;' "
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. GRINNELL, said,the bill merely transferred
one collection district in North Carolina to an-
other district for the accommodation of those inter-
ested. There could be no objection, and he asked
that the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. HALL asked that the bill be reported.
The bill was read.
And the question being taken, the bill was passed.
TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
The bill next taken up was the bill from the
Senate, entitled " An act (No. 307) proposing to
the State of Texas the establishment of her north-
ern and western boundaries, the relinquishment by
the said State of all territory claimed by her exte-
rior to said boundary, and of all her claims upon
the United States." The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following propositions shall
be, and the same hereby are, offered to the State
of Texas, which, when agreed to by the said State,
in an act passed by the General Assembly, shall
be binding and obligatory upon the United States,
and upon the said State of Texas: Provided, The
said agreement by the said General Assembly shall
be given on or before the first day of December,
eighteen hundred and fifty.
First. The State of Texas will agree that her
boundary on the north shall commence at the
point at which the meridian of one hundred de-
grees west from Greenwich is intersected by the
parallel of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north
latitude, and shall run from said point due west to
the meridian of one hundred and three degrees
west from Greenwich; thence her boundary shall
run due south to the thirty second degree of north
latitude; thence on the said parallel of thirty-two
degrees of north latitude to the Rio Bravo del
Norte, and thence with the channel of said river
to the Gulf of Mexico.
Second. The State of Texas cedes to the United
States all her cliim to territory exterior to the
limits and boundaries which she agrees to estab-
lish by the first article of this agreement.
Third. The State of Texas relinquishes all claim
upon the United States for liability of the debts of
Texas, and for compensation or indemnity for the
surrender to the United States of her ships, forts,
arsenals, custom-houses, custom-house revenue
arms and munitions of war, and public buildings
with their sites, which became the property of the
United States at the time of the annexation.
Fourth. The United States, in consideration of
said establishment of boundaries, cession of claim
to territory, and relinquishment of claims, will
pay to the State of Texas the sum of ten millions
of dollars, in a stock bearing five per cent, interest,
and redeemable at the end of fourteen years, the
interest payable half-yearly at the Treasury of the
United States.
Fifth. Immediately after the President of the
United States shall have been furnished with an
authentic copy of the act of the General Assembly
of Texas accepting these propositions, he shall
cause the stock to be issued in favor of the State
of Texas, as provided for in the fourth article of
this agreement: Provided also, That no more than
five millions of said stock shall be issued until the
creditors'of the State holding bonds and other cer-
tificates of stock of Texas for which duties on
imports were specially pledged, shall first file at
the Treasury of the United States releases of all
claim against the United States for or on account
of said'bonds or certificates in such form as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury
and approved by the President of the United
States: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to impair or qualify anything
contained in the third article of the second section
of the " joint resolution for annexing Texas to the
United States," approved March first, eighteen
hundred and forty-five, either as regards the num-
ber of States that may hereafter be formed out of
the State of Texas, or otherwise.
The bid was read the first time by its title;
And the Clerk was proceeding to read it the
second time; when
Mr. INGE rose to a question of order. He
asked thatthe bill be subjected to the test prescribed
by the llfith rule.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman refer to
the rule which requires that if after the first read-
ing opposition be made, the question shall be
" Shall this bill be rejected ?"
Mr. INGE replied in the affirmative.
Note.—The rule referred to is as follows :
"The first rending of a hill shall he for information, and
if opposition lie made to it, the question shall he, "Shall
this bill be rejected [f no opposition be made, or if the
question to reject be negnlived, the bill shall go to its second
reading without a question."
The question will be then, Shall this bill be re-
jee'ed >
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILLIARD inquired if this was a privi-
leged motion, which, like the motion to lay on the
table, cut off debate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion is debatable.
Mr. HILLIARD obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House for nearly an hour. He main-
tained the right of Texas to the boundary of the
Rio Grande from its mouth to its source; but as
other gentlemen differed with him; as it was a
matter of dispute, and as the Representatives of
Texas (in the Senate) had consented to take the
line proposed by this bill, in consideration of the
payment of ten millions, he declared his intention
to support this measure of peace and settlement,
on the condition, that the proviso should not be
applied to the ten itoi y taken from Texas, or to
the other territory of the United States. He
urged the necessity of a speedy settlement of all
the disturbing questions between the different sec-
tions, in a spirit of harmony, and of equal justice
to all, and declared his unwavering attachment to
the Union, administered upon these principles.
[See Appendix for the speech.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] accompanied his motion
with a statement of the object he had in making-
it. ft was, as I understood, to test the sense of
the House upon the bill, whether it was likely to
pass, or whether it was in the power of those who
were opposed to it, to reject it at once.
Mr. INGE interposed and explained. It was
impossible (in the great confusion which pievailed)
to hear what he said; but he was understood to
disclaim having expressed that opinion, and to
say that his remark was, that he wished the ques-
tion put under the rule.
Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded. The gentle-
man has qualified his remark. I understood him
to mean by the word "test," that he wished to
test the strength of the bill by a vote, if that was
his object, I am prepared to meet him. Let us
have a vote, for it is only by taking a vote, that
we can test the sense of the House. I am op-
posed to debate at this time, because it can lead to
no practical results. It is out of order to move an
amendment. The bill cannot be amended in the
present state of things; so that whatever debate we
may now have, will probably be repeated at a
more advanced stage of the proceedings. There-
fore, to save time, and to put off debate until it
can be directed to some practical purpose 
Mr. WOODWARD interposed, and desired the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] to al-
low him to say a word in explanation.
Mr. McCLERNAND yielded the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD made two or three re-
marks, the purport of which being generally
guessed at, (from the few words that reached the
reporter's ear,) was, that he had understood the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Inge] to be, to test the sense of the House,
whether the boundary of the RioGrar.de should
be made a debatable question. He (Mr. \V.)
was unwilling to make a question where he con-
ceded that the United States had no right honor-
ably to make it. This was his understanding of
the import of the remark of the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. McCLERNAND resumed the floor.
Mr. INGE appealed to him to yield for a few
moments.
Mr. McCLERNAND again yielded the floor.
Mr, INGE then made a few remarks, of which
the purport seems to have been (for it was im-
possible to hear with anything like certainty) that
the object which he had in view appeared to have
been misunderstood. Gentlemen concurring in
his view of the matter dtd not conceive that there
was any open question in relation to the Texan
boundary. The arguments made here seemed to
proceed upon the supposition that there was a
question which was to be settled by one of the
departments of the Government—eithpr execu-
tive or judicial. Some gentlemen thought that the
Executive ought to settle it. Those who sus-
tained the views of the late message were neces-
sarily placed in this position. He held that there
was no open question involved—that there was
no question for any department of the Government
to settle. The western boundary ofTexas 
Mr. VAN DYKE interposed, and made the
point of order, that the gentleman was making
general remarks, not in explanation.
Mr. McCLERNAND hoped (he said) that
the gentleman from Alalwrma [Mr. Inge] would
confine himself to an explanation.
The SPEAKER said, if the objection was per-
sisted in, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Inge]
could not proceed.
Mr. INGE took his seat.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (resuming.) I was about
to say, that the debate should take place on the
third reading of the bill, when amendments can
be offered 
Mr. SEDDON interposed, and was understood
to request Mr. McCi.ernand to yield the floor, to
allow Jiim (Mr S ) to request the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Inge] to withdraw his objection.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. INGE made a remark not heard.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (keeping the floor, and
resuming.) 1 move the previous question, and
on that motion I stand.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired of the Speaker, to what
extent the previous question would operate ?
The SPEAKEP,.. The previous question, if
sustained, and if ihe main question should be or-
dered, exhausts itself upon the quesiion, " Shall
the bill be rejected:" And if that question isdecided
in the affirmative, the bill is of course rejected; if
in the negative, the bill goes without a question to
a second reading; after the seacond reading, it will
be in the same position as it would have been if
this question had not been made at all >
Mr. INGE. Will the Speaker state what the
precise question before the House is?
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Shall the
bill be rejected
Mr. INGE was understood to remark, that he
had not understood that question to have been
brought up by any motion to that effect, but under
the rule of the House.
