1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 140,
nays 44, as follows:
YEAS-*Meswrs. Alexander, Alien, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bennett, Booth,
Boyd, Brcck, Briggs, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas
• B. Sutlei, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvm,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Col-
cock, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry,
Dickev, Dimmick, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Genuy, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway,
Hampton, Haralson. H.irlan, IJaymond, Henry, Hibbard,
Hilhard, Holhday, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Jaines W.
Jackson, Win. T. Jackson, James L. Johnston, Julian, Kerr,
Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, La S£re, LetTler, Litilefield, Horace Mann, Marshall,
Mason,Matt- son,McDowell, McGaughey,MeKissock,Finis
E. McLean, Meachnm, Millson, Mo6ie,'Morehead, Morris,
Nelson, Nes, Ogle, On, Otis, Owen, Paiker, Peaslee, Peck,
Phelps, Phisinx, Pitman, Puinam, Reed, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackelt, Sawtelle, Schenck, Sehermeihorn,
Schoolcraft,Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague,
Sianly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stetson, Stiong, Taylor, James Thompson,
John B. Thompson, William Thompson, Toomb«, Tuck,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watden, Waldo, Watkins,
Wellborn, William*, Wwithiop, and Woodward—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bingham, Bi^sell, Bo-
cock, Bowdon, Bovviin, Albert G. Brown, Buel, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Disney, Edmuridson, Gorman, Hamilton, Ishain'
G. Hants, Sampson W. Harris, Thos. L. Harris, Hoagland,
Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaui'nnn, Preston Kntu, Job Mann, MeLanahan, Robei t M.
McLaiie, McQueen, Miller, Old*, Potter, Powell, Robinson,
Ro>^, Savage, Swretser, Thomas, Venable, Wallace, Went-
worth, Wihnot, Wood, and Young—44.
So the bill was passed.
' Mr. BA.YLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
And the bill stands passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented certain depositions which had been trans-
mitted to him, in relation to the case of contested
election, from Iowa.
The depositions were referred to the Committee
on Elections.
CALIFORNIA.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special message of the
President of the United States, transmitting- the
constitution of California, and of the bill hereto-
fore introduced by Mr. Doty, providing for her
admission as a State into the Union.
Mr. THURSTON was entitled to the floor, and
addiessed the committee during the allotted hour,
in favor of the admission of California as a State
into the Union with her present constitution and
boundaries defined therein. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr BRRCK nextaddressed the committee,upon
the slavery question. He argued in favor of the
settlement of the entire question—in favor of the
admission of California—and of providing terri-
torial governments for the other territories, and of
leaving the question of slavery therein to the Su-
preme Court, and the people of the territories,
when they shall have the political ri°;ht to act.
[His speech will be published Appendix.]
Mr. B having concluded,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to—
The committee rose and reported progress.
"WIDOW OF THE LATE. GENERAL WORTH.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the House, by
unanimous consent, to take up the biil from the
Senate, granting a pension to the widow of the
late Major-General Worth.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the rules of
the House be'suspended, for the purpose of taking
up said bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired (he
said) to put a question to the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Featherston,] which would
determine his (Mr. T.'s) course. Did the gentle-
man intend to propose to pass the bill, or merely
to move its reference to a committee?
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he desired that the
bill should be put upon its passage.
Mr. THOMPSON said that he should then
object.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he would state, for
the satisfaction of the House 
The SPEAKER interposed? and said that, on
a motion to suspend the rules, no remarks were
in order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I merely desire to
state a fact.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may state it
by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
The question then rccurred on the suspension
of the rules.
Mr. JONES. I ask the yeas and nays. You
will not give it to the soldiers who died, and I will
not give it to the officers.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules, and, being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 79, noes 34.
No quorum voting—
Thereupon, the House adjourned.
NOTICE OX-1 A BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice of his intpntion to in-
tioduce a lull, to giant an additional section ot lands in each
township in Illinois, tor the use ot schools.
PETITIONS, Sec.
The following petitions, memorials, &,c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. FUEEDLBY: The petition of Jesse J. Maris and
42others, citizens ol Delaware county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing tor the establish nent ot an Agricultural bureau.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of J43citizens ot Brutus,
Cayuga county, New Yoik,for the repeal ol all laws toler-
ating slavery in the Distuct ol Columbia.
Also, the petition ol 60 citizens and electors of Seipio,
C.ivuga countv, New York, for the same.
AKo, the petition of 141 citizens ot Brutus, Cayuga coun-
ty, New York. fur ttie establishment and pioitction of liee-
d<mi in tin1 ii 11 hoi ics of the United States.
Also, the petilion of SO citizens ot Scott, Cortland county,
New York, toi the same.
Also, the petition of 73 citizens of the same place, to se-
cure to alleged fugitives the light of ttial by jury.
Abo, the petition of l-kScitizensol Brutus, Cay uga county,
New York, foi the same.
Also, the petition ot 150 citizens of the same place, against
the admission of more slave States into the (Jnion.
By Mr. MEACIIAV1 : The petition from J. B. Rockwell
and 64 electors of Cornwall, Vermont, and A. iiurd and
40 students of Middlebury College, against the admission of
slave States.
Also, ihe petitions# from J. B. Rockwell and 63 elector.? of
Cornwall, Vermont, and A. Hurd and f>0 students in Mtd-
dlebury College, tor piotecuon of freedom in the teintones.
Also, the petitions from 60 electois of Cornwall, Ver-
mont, and A. Hurd and 63 students of Middlebury Col-
lege* and E D. Culver and 50 electors m the State ot New
York, foi the repeal ot laws supporting slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the petition ftom 50 electors of Cornwall, Ver- ]
mom, and 87 students ol Middlebury College, and Irom :
50 elector ot the Slate of New York, lor secuung lugiuve j
slaves the light of trial by juiy. j
By Mr. PITCH: The petition ofT. P. Whitehead and 36 ]
other citizens ot La Poite county, Indiana, a-kmg a i educ-
tion ot postage. U> two cents pet hall ounce on prepaid mat-
tei
AI«o, the petition of Evan* and Meeks, of Chicago, Il-
linois, praying that exchange scientific pamphlets and pa-
peis be transmitted by mail free ol postage, a* in the ca.*e of
exchange newspapers.
By Mr. MOORE. A memorial from the Board of Trade of
Fluid telphid, asking a reduction of the present rules ot
postage.
By Mr. LTTTLEF1ELD • Thr petition of Samuel Cordis,
and others, for sccunng the light ot tual by jury to alleged
fugitives.
Also, the petition of the same, for the establishment of
fieedoin in the terruones.
Also, the petition of the same, for the lepeal of all l.uvs for
the support ol slavery and the slave tiade in the l)i>inet of
Columbia.
Also, the petition of same, against the admission of any
more slave States into the Union.
By Mr GRKKN: Three pennons, signed by citizens of
Clark and Lewis counties, Missouri, pM>mg Congress to
provide additional remedies and facilities concerning the
reclamation of fugitive slave-, in nicoidance with the true
spirit and meaning ol the Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of Owen & ilurl-
burt, and 41 other citizens of South Lee, Massachusetts, for
one cent postage on newspapers, and two cent postage on
prepaid letters "not exceeding half ounce weight, and other
corresponding reforms.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of citi-
zens ot Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the further ex-
tension of the patent for Wood worth's planing machine,
and asking the lepeal ol the act of the 2Jth of February,
1845, extending said patent.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut: The petition of
Ephiaim Lymon and 80 others, citizens and electors of Ply-
mouth, Connecticut, praying Congress to pass a Iaw> secur-
ing the privilege or a trial by juiy to alleged fugitive slaves.
Bv Mr. CONRAD: The memorial of sundry merchants
of New Oilcans, praying for the establishment ot a regular
weekly mail communication between New Orleans and the
ports of Mexico.
By Mr. HEED: The petition of William Scott and.39
others, electors of Pennsylvania, praying the rspeal of all
laws sanctioning slavery, or tlie slave trade, in the District
ot Columbia, and, in the event of their non-repeal, that the
seat of government be removed to some more suitable loca-
tion.
Also, the petition of William Scott and 38 others, electors
of Pennsylvania, praying that no State be hereafter admitted
into the Union, unless slavery shall be prohibited by its con-
stitution.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of William P. Manlyand
120 others, citizens ot PiUslord, Rutland county, Vermont,
that no Stale be hereaitei admitted into the Union, whose
constitution doe« not piohibit slavery.
By Mr. THOMPSON, ot Pennsylvania: The petition of
James Geer, lor compensation on account ot services ren-
uered by his father, Roger Ueer, in the revolutionary war.
Al-o, a petition of citizen* of Pennsylvania, tor a mail-
route Irom Caledonia post office to Edt mars,in said county.
Also, a memorial of the Bar, at Baltimore, in regard to
the United States court loom.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 74 citizens of Ihe town
and vicinity of Greensboro5, m Henry county, Indiana, pray-
ing the reduction ot postage to the rales of two cents per
half ounce on all picpaid letters, and one cent on each
newspaper.
By Mr. WfLMOT: A petition, signed by 40 citizens of
the State ot New York, praying lor the establishment of a
tri-weekly mail-rouie from Leroysvilte, in Pennsylvania,
through Warren and Windham, to Sm?thboro,? in the State
of New Yoik.
AI*o, a petition, signed by 28 citizens of Susquehanna
county, Pennsylvania, praying that no Stale herui'ter be
admitted into the Union, unless slavery be expressly pro-
hibited by the constitution ot such State.
By Mi. I10VVE; The petition of Robert Russell and 70
other*, officers and soldiers (and their descendants) of the
war ol 181-2, and citizens of the county of Beaver, Penn-
sylvania, piaying Congress to make just provisjou for that
class of citizens.
Also, the petition of James R. Ileniy and 40 others, citi-
zens ot Ciavvford county, PennsjIvauia, praying Congress
to repeal all law-* sanctioning slavery and the slave tiade m
the District of Columbia.
Also, one of the same impoit from James Trimble and 80
Others, citizens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania.
ANo, the petition of John McFanri and 45 otlieis, citizens
of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, puiymg Congress to
aboh-h slavery and ihe slave trade in all the terruones be-
longing to the United Slates.
Also, one of the same import from James Donaldson and
83 others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania.
Al-o, the pennon of S. A. McGeau and 27 otheis, citizens
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, placing Congrt^s to avert
the evils of war by submitting all national disputes to a con-
gress of nations of ailntrament.
Also, the petition of William Henry and 45 others, citi-
zens ot Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to give fugitive slaves the right ol trial hyjuiy.
Also, the petition of James Tumble ami 79 others, citi-
zens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, piaying Congress
upon the same subject.
ANo, the petition of Charles M. Hopkins and 82 others,
citizens of JMeicer county, Pennsylvania, piaying Congress
to admit no State her-after into ihe Union unless the con-
stitution of such State thrill expressly prohibit the existence
of slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition of William Henry and 50 others, citi-
zens of Crawfoid county Pennsylvania, upon the same
subject.
By Mr. PRESTON KING; The petition of 104 citizens
of St. Lawrt nee county, New Yoik, a-kmg that the amount
of duties in the tariff ot itilG be made specific instead ol ad
valorem on iron.
Also, the memorial of citizen1? of Ogdensburg, New York,
against extending Woodworth's planing machine patent,
and asking a repeal of the act of 1845.
Also, the peiiLion of a large number of citizens of E'mira,
Chemung county, New \ ork, against the admission of any
more slave States into the Union.
Also, from the same, for a repeal of ail laws enacted or
adopted by Congress lor the support of slavery in the Dis-
trict of t. olumbta.
Also, fiom the same, for Ihe establishment arid protection
of fri edoui in the terntuncs ol the United State-.
AI«o,fiom thf same, against the delivery of fugitives with-
out a tual by pn v.
Also, the petition of 90 electors of the town of Granby,
O.-ucgo couniv, New York, to piohibit slavery in all terii-
tories o( the. United States.
Also, fiom the same, against the admission of any more
slave State*.
AI>o,hom the same, against the dehveiy of fugitives with-
out a trial by juiy. * .
Also, fiom the same, to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, or to*remove the capital.
AUo, the petition of citizens of Otsego county, New York,
for the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Congress for
the support Of slavery In the Disti ict of Columbia.
Also, from the sann1, against the admission of any moie
slave States into the Union.
Also from the same,for the establishment and protection
of freedom in the tenitonos of the United States.
Also, from the same, to secure fugitives the right of trial
byjnrv.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of Lewis county, New
York, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of 150 electors of Volney, Oswego
county, New York, to prohibit slavery in the terruones.
Ateo, from the same, to prohibit slaveiy in the Dutnct of
Columbia, or remove the capital.
Also, from the same, to establish the claim of fugitives to
trial by jury.
