590
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Also, from the sarao, against any more slave States.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of Scipio, New York,
against any more slave States.
Also, the petition of D. M. McL'iohlan and other citizens
of Vienna, New Vork, for the establishment and protection
of freedom in the territories in the United Suites.
Algo, from the same, against any more slave States.
Also, from the same, to secure the right of trial by jury to
fugitives.
Also, from the same, for the repeal of all laws enacted by
Congress for the support of slavery m the district of Co-
lumbia.
Also, the petition of citizens of Wyoming county, New
York, against any more slave States.
Also, from the same, for the repeal of laws enacted or
adopted by Congress for the support of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, from the same, for freedom in the territories.
Also, from the same, to secure to fugitives the right of
trial by jury.
By Mr. SAWTELLE ; The petition of Rufu* Foisom and
39 others, citizens of Cornvdle, in the county of Somerset
and State of Maine, praying Congress to pass a law,.estab-
lishing a umfor m race of postage not to exceed one cent on
newspapers, and two cents on prepaid letter®, of half an
ounce, for all distances, and for other corresponding re-
forms.
Also, the petition of Stephen Weston and 90 others, citi-
zens or Madison, hi the county of Somerset and State of
Maine, praying that no State hp hereafter admitted into the
Union, unless the Constitution of such State shall expressly
prohibit the existence of slavery within its limn*.
Also, the pennon of £1. P. Pratt and 59 others, citizens of
Skowhegan and vicinity, in the State of Maine, praying
Congress to establish the late of postage on prepaid letters at
two cents per halt ounce, and the postage on newspapers may
be so altered that papers may go free to any distance within
thirty miles fioin the place of publication, and papers sent
through the mails over thuty miles and not out of the State
one cent, and out of the State one and a halt cents.
Also, the petition of Joviah Harmon and 50 others, citizens
and elt-ctois of Thomdike, in the county of Waldo, m the
State of Maine, praying that no State be'hereafter admitted
into the Union unless the constitution of such State shall
expressly prohibit the exigence of slavery within its limits.
Also, the p tuion of the same, piaying that slavery and
the slave trade may be expressly prohibited by act of Con-
gress m all the territories of the. United States.
Also, the petition of the same, praying that provision be
made by law, that whenever a person shall be arrested as a
fugitive slave m any State other that in which he alleged
to be held to service, he shall not be delivered to the claim-
ant, or his agent, except un the finding of the jury that he is
Hie slave of the claimant.
Also, the petition ol the same, praying for the lepeal of all
laws enacted by Congress, by which slaveiy or the slave
trade is authorized, or sanctioned in the city of Washing-
ton, or the Distiict of Columbia, and in the event ot the
non-repeal, that the seat of the National Government may
be removed to some moie suitable location.
JBy Mc, MATTESON : The petition of Daniel Smith, jr.,
and 14 others, cit'zens of Lee, Oneida county, New York,
praying for a uniform reduction of postage to iwo cents on
prepaid letters weighing less than half an ounce.
Also, the petition of John Master&on and 19 others, citi-
zens of the same place, for the same purpose.
Ala0? the petition of Mo-es T. White and 22 others, citi-
zens ot the same place, tor the same put pose.
Also, the petition of David J. Millard, Fiederick Ilollister,
and 34 others citizens of Clayvilie, in the same county, foi
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. C. Chuichill and 20 others, citi-
zen* < l' Utiea, in the same county, lor the same purpose.
Also, the peiition of Isaiah Tiffany and 9 otheis, citizens
of the >ame place, lor the same purpose.
Al*o, the petition of Gcoiyc W. Wood and 180 others,
citizens of Oneida county, New York, praying a repeal oi
the law granting an extension of Woodwoith's patent for a
planing machine.
Also, the petition of Owen Richaids and 85 others, citi-
zens of Utica, Oneida county, New York, praying that "no
State shall be hereafter admitted into the Union, unless
the constitution ot said State shall expressly prohibit the
existence of slavery within us limits."
Also, the petition ol W. G. Miller and 75 others, citizens
of tfie same place, for the same purpose. I
Also, ihu petition of Job Parker and GO others, citizens of i
the same place, for the same purpose. ,
A'so, the petition of Wesley Bailey and 70otheis, citizens {
ol the same place, for the same piupose. f
Also, the petition <>f George Graham and 235 citizen*, :
elect rs ol' Whitestown, in the same county, lor the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel F. Edgerton and 235 citi-
zens, electors of the same place, for the same purpose.
AL-o, the petition ot Rjuben Hough and 233 citizens, elec-
tor® of the same [dace, for the same puipose.
AL-o, the petition of Miah Hobby and others, citizens
and electors of the same count), lor the same purpose.
By Mi. HAMILTON# The petition of the professors of
St. Jame-'s Coileg*, Maiylantl, lor ar< duction of postage.
AUo, the petition of the students ol the same college, for
the same purport.
By Mr. C KG WELL : The petition of D. B. Hadley, A.
B. Berry, and others, citizen^ of Akron, Ohm, praying for
Lhe abolition ol slavery m the District of Columbia.
By Mr. HAMPTOV : The petition of sundry citizens of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, piaying for the sale of a certain lot
of gtound, situated in said city, belonging to the United
States:, and for the erection of a suitable building for the
prist office, custom-housi*, United States court-,, kc.
By Mr. ANDREWS: The petition of W. Ii. Uingham and
37 otl>eis, citizens of Chntonviile, Nt*w York, lor the repeal
ot'aU laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the support
of-slavery in the District of Columbia."
Also, the petition ot L« D. Gay and 47 others, citizens of ,
the same place, to secure to alleged fugitives the right of ||
trial by jury. '■
Ateo, iba petition of L, B. Gay and 49 others, citizens of j j
the same place, for the establishment and protection of
freedom in the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of L. D. Gay and 49 others, citizens of
the>same place, against tne admission of more slave States
into the Union.
By Mr. GREEN ; Three petitions, signed by citizens of
Clark and Lewis counties, Missouri, praying Congres-s to
piovide additional remedies and facilities for the reclama-
tion of fugitive slaves, lit accordance with the true spirit and
meaning otthe Constitution of the United Stales.
By Mr. CALVIN: A petition of Thomas Dasher and61
other citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of A. McCalhster, and 75 other citi-
zens of the same county.
Also, the petition of Jonathan JPacht and 50 others, from
the same county.
Also, the petition of Charles Haines and 23 others, of
the same county.
Also, the petition of Samuel R. Schumeker and 32 others,
of the same county.
Also, the petition of Washington Givter and 17 others, of
the same county.
Also, the petition ol A. G. Curtin, and 100 others, citi-
zens of Centre county, Pennsylvania
Also, the petition ot William R. Alexander and 75 others,
citizens of the same county.
Also, the petition ol Ludwick Kurtz and 44 others, citi-
zens of the same county.
Also, the petition of David Edmistan and 81 others, citi-
zens ol the same county.
Al*o, the petition oi John Watson and 46 others, citizens
of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania.
AUo, tne petition ol John Potter and 62 others, citizens
of the same county.
Also, the petition of Geneial S. M. Green and 38 others,
citizens ofthe same county.
Alio, the petition of Wuham Caldewood arid 151 others,
Citizens oi Clanon county, Pennsylvania—all praying Con-
gress to modify the tariil ot IS46, so as to alfoul piot.,euon
lo the gieatiron interests of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of W. W.
C osby and 72 others, citizens of Russell, Massachusetts,
p ymg (oi cheap postage.
AUo, the petition of Seth B. Cushmg and 51 otheis,
citizens ot Hmgham, Massachusetts, lor the same object.
Also, the petition of Lyman Gilbert and 10 others, citi-
zens ot Newton, Massachusetts, tor the same object.
Also, the petition of R. L. Storrs and 52 others, citizens
ol Braintree, Massachusetts, tor the same object.
Also, the petition of the Mayor, Aldermen and Common
Council, of the city oi Hoxbuiy, Massachusetts, tor the
same object.
Also, Ihree petitions of Edward Russell and 11 others,
citizens of Sandwich, Ma^uchusctts, praying, respectively,
for the abolition of slavery and the slave-Uade in the L)is
tiict oi Columbia, and m all the terntoiies of the United
States-; and that no luoie slave States be admitted into the
Union.
By Mr. BUTLER, ofConnecticut: The memorial of Wil-
liam S. Booton and 47 otheis, citizens of Norwalk, Con-
necticut, pra>mg that no new Stale be admitted unless its
constitution exclude slaveiy.
Also,of the same, piaymg a trial by jury in lavorof ar-
rested fugitive slaves.
Also, ofthe same, praying that slavery and the slave
trade, be prohibited in the territories ot the United States.
By Mr. BOYD: The memorial of D. Matthews and
others, in favor of cheap postage.
By Mr. ASHE : The petition of the citizens of Fayette-
ville, North Ca>ohna, piaying for the completion ofthe
Noith Cdiohna arsenal.
Also, the memoiial ot citizens of Onslow county, North
Carolina,a>king an appropriation to remove ob.Uiuetions at
the mouth of New river, and to establish a port of entry at
the town ot Jacksunvi.fc.
By Mr. DUUKEE: Tne petition of Wilder Deaiboin and
185 others, citizens ol Chelsea, in the btate of Vennont,
asking for the establishment and protection of freedom in
the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition ot Thomas S. Hubbard and lfc2 others,
citizens of the same place, a-kmg loi the repeal ot all laws
enacted or adopted by Congress, lor the suppoit of slavery
in ihe Lhstiict of Columbia.
Also, the petition oi L. Bacon and lb8 others, citizens of
the same place, asking to secure to alleged fugitives, the
right tit trial by juiy.
Abo, the petition of Levi B. Vilas and 191 others, citi-
zens ot the same place, against the admission ol anymore
slave States into the Uutoti.
AUo, the pennon of Lucius Foote and 73 others, citizens
of the State of Wiscon-in, asking for tne redneLion ot post-
age to two cent-., on each letter.
Also, the petition of Lucius Foote and65 others, citizens
of Delavan, in the Staie ol Wisconsin, asking tor tne es-
tablishment of '-stipulated arbitration," or Congress of
nations for the settlement of inteiuational affaus.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 25, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition, signed by-
one hundred and fony-two citizens and electors of
the town of Albany, New York, asking that in
any bill which passes Congress relating to fugitive
slaves, the following scriptural clause may be in-
serted: "Thoushuit not deliver unto his master
' the servant which is escaped from his master unto
i thee. He shall dwell with thee, even among you,
4 in that place which he shall choose in one oi thy
4 gates where u Iikeih htm best,; thou shalt not op"-
1 press him/' (Deuteronomy, eh. 23, v. 15, 16.)
This-, Hays the petition, is not typical, but moral
law. The petition was received, and ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, of one hundred and forty-two citizens and
electors of the town of Albany, in the State of
New York, asking that slavery and the slave-trade
may be expressly prohibited by act of Congress
in ajl the territories of the United States.
Also, of one hundred and forty-two citizens a^d
electors of Albany, New York, against the admis*
sion of any more slave States into the Union.
Also, of one hundred and forty-two citizens and
voters of the same town and State, asking that the
right of trial by jury may be secured to alleged
fugitive slaves.
AH of which were received, and ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, of citizens of Moravia, in the State of
New York, asking that the right of habeas corpus
may be secured to every person m the United
States who is deprived of his liberty under pre-
tence of his being property; which was received,
and ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens and voters of Wash-
ington county, in the State of New York; also,
of citizens and voters of Erie and Cattaraugus
counties, in the same State; also, of citizens and
voters of the city of Auburn, Cayuga county, New
York; also, two petitions of citizens and voters
of the town of Stockbridge, Madison county, New
York, all praying that slavery may be expressly
prohibited by act of Congress; which several pr-
titions were received, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, two petitions of citizens and legal voters
of Stockbridge, Madison county, New York; also,
one of citizens and legal voters of the town of
Auburn, Cayuga county, New York; also, one
of citizens and legal voters of Erie and Catta-
raugus counties, New York, all praying that the
right of trial by jury may be extended to fugitive
slaves; which several petitions were received,and
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, two petitions of citizens and legal voters
of Stockbridge, Madison county, New York; also,
one of citizens and legal voters of Erie and Cat-
taraugus counties, New Yoik; also, one of citi-
zens and legal voters of Washington county, New
York ; also, one of citizens and legal voters; of
Scott, Courtland county, New York; also, one
of citizens and legal voters of Auburn, Cayuga
county, New York, all praying that no State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union whose con-
stitution does not expressly prohibit slavery within
its limits; all of which were received, an(l ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, two petitions from citizens and legal voters
of Stockbridge, Madison county, New York; also,
one from citizens and legal voters of Albany,
Albany county, New York; also, one from citi-
zens and legal voters of the town of Scott, Court-
land county, New York; also, one from citizens
and legal voters of the counties of Cattaraug'u3
and Erie, New York; also, one from citizens and
legal voters of the city of Auburn, Cayuga county,
New York, all praying that slavery and the
slave-trade may be abolished in the District of
Columbia, or in default thereof, that the seat of
government may be removed to some more suitable
place; all of which were received, and ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of Stockbridge,
asking the adoption of measures for the adjust-
ment of international difficulties; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
RESOLUTIONS OF A STATE LEGISLATURE.
Mr. MILLER presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey; which were
read, as follow;
Resolved, That the Union of the States is of inestimable
value to the people of New Jersey, to Atneucd, and the
cau^e of civil liberty throughout the world
Resolved, That ihe advice of the iinmoital Washington,
in hp farewell address to the p -ople ot the Umti d States, to
avoid sectional division* and anirm sities, and to ft own in-
dignantly upon any attempt to alienate one section of the
country fiom another, is deserving ot profound respect and
veneration from all pan totie citizens ; and that no existing
circumstances will wai rant our di-n gard and non-observ-
ance of that advic e at the present time.
Resolved, That v\e view with regret the systematic at-
tempts of many mi-guided persons to alienate one section
of our country from another} and that New Jersey, the bat-
tle-ground ot the Revolution, deprecates any action, m Con-
gress or elsewhere, which may have any such tendency, or
serve to endanger the union ot the State*.
Resohed, That our Senators and lti preventatives in Con-
gress arc hereby reque-tcd to vote on all qu-<tions of a sec-
tional chaiaeter in such a manner, consistent with a rigid
construction of the Constitution, aa will have a tendency to
allay any geographical animosities which may exist, ami
promote the cause of harmony m our national councils.
