5m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
to the Union. And now, all at once, it seems as
if the vocabulary of adulation was exhausted to
find commendat on to bestow upon the honorable
Senator for the course which he took in that
speech, by a paper which, up to that moment, had
constantly and continually abused him, and not
only him, but every man who stood with him. If
I am mistaken, this veryastute ami sagacious
editor is mistaken; and the whole country is mis-
taken, also.
But, sir, I have impugned and impeached no
man's motives. I would almost sooner lose my
hfe, than suggest that the honorable Senator, in
making the change, has been governed by any-
thing but the high and patriotic motives which
have been imputed to him, and the other honora-
ble Senators who have made an effort to settle
this distracting question, which disturbs the coun-
try; but I cannot shut my eyes to the convictions
of my own judgment, and when I see a man oc-
cupying the position which the honorable Senator
occupies—a man, whose fame is part of the inher-
itance of every son of New Hampshire, at least,
if not of the whole country; when I see him
taking a course calculated, in my judgment, to
sacrifice interests which are dear to every northern
man; when I see him, in the great contest now in
issue—when the eyes of Christendom are fastened
upon us, and on which the interests of unborn
millions, ihrougnout the countless generations in
which the world shall exist, are suspended; when
I see a man occupying such a position, in a con-
test like this, taking a course different from that
which he has hitherto pursued, I cannot shut my
eyes to the fact; and I have simply called attention
to it, without suggesting anything improper or
discourteous toward him; and I think that, if an
issue is to be made between my candor and intel-
ligence, and that of anybody else, in thi3 matter,
that the verdict of the country must be, that there
is a marked and wide difference between the po-
sition occupied by the honorable Senator now,
and that which he occupied in 1848.
Mr. WEBSTER. This is not a question of
motives; I ifo not throw myself back for protec-
tion upon the purity of motives; it is a question
of opinion—a question of consistency. The gen-
tleman says that he quoted this extract without
saying there was any inconsistency about it; yet
his whole argument now is to prove that there is
such inconsistency. He says the whole country
thinks so too. Sir, i do not take that gentleman's
understanding of the opinion of the whole country
as authentic, nor do I think him a competent wit-
ness to prove what the whole country's opinion is
in regard to the consistency of my opinions. He
can speak for himself, and state his own impres-
sions; hut he is taking rather too large a jurisdic-
tion to himself, when he stands up here to speak
for the whole country, I demur—I hesitate—(
doubt—1 repel any such authority of the honorable
member. 1 leave it to the country to judge and
to speak its own opinions; I shall not say what is
the sentiment of the country. I do not find myself
competent to say, yet f trust I am nearly ad com-
petent as the member who undertakes to lay down
what the sentiment of the whole country is. After
all, I believe, sir, it comes pretty much to this:
The gentleman's observations, if they did not
originate in, are somewhat tinctured by—they
take a little flavor, an odor, a perfume from—the
fact, not, it seems, at all agreeable to him, that a
certain portion of the public press, which he says
for a series of years has been unfavorable to me,
now comes out in commendation of my speech
and my sentiments.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill from the
House, for the relief of Thomas Dennis, reported
the same back without amendment. For this bill,
said the honorable gentleman, I ask the immediate
consideration of the Senate, as the poor man is in
suffering and want. It is to provide for him a
pension of thirty dollars a month, for injuries
received at the time of the lire and explosion of the
steamer Missouri, at Gibraltar. This young man
lost both arms; they were amputated near to the
shoulders; and he is, of course, incapacitated from
aiding himself in any manner whatever, and is in
very destitute circumstances.
nf*tv!e wuT l^en cons^ei-e^i as in Committee
trie Whole, and no amendment having been
made, was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
NEW STATES AND TERRITORIES.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred the several bills
and memorials, relating to the admission of the
State of California into the Union, and the memo-
rials and bills relating to the establishment of ter-
ritorial governments^ and the settlement of the
boundary of Texas, reported the following bills:
A bill for the admission of the State of California
into the Union,
A bill to establish the Territorial governments of
Utah and New Mexico, and for other purposes.
I am directed also to state, said the honorable
gentleman, that one member of the committee was
absent from the city, and among those present,
there was a difference of opinion on some points,
m regard to which, each reserves the privilege of
stating his own opinions, and of acting ii\accord-
ance therewith; and the two members of the com-
mittee, who are under instructions, also reserve
the privilege of offering such amendments as shall
be necessary to comply with those instructions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Have these bills
been referred to the committee?
Mr. DOUGLAS. They are reported as sub-
stitutes for bills which have been referred to the
committee.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to ask the Senator
whether he and the committee desired, in the re-
porting of those bills, to give one the preference
over the other, or was it merely the inadvertence
of the Secretary in reference to it? As it is proba-
ble that these two bills will be considered together,
or, if passed, be passed pari passu, I suggest to the
Senator, whether it is not desirable to consider,
first the bill about which there is the least doubt,
and leave the California bill to be disposed of
afterward.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The committee gave no di-
rection on that point. The California bill was
reported first, because it was referred first; but it
was the intention of the committee to leave the
order of their consideration—the priority of busi-
ness—to the decision of the Senate, without any
direction from us. I move that the bills be laid
on the table for the present, and printed.
The bills were then severally read, and passed
to a second reading.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BELL. 1 desire to call the attention of the
Senate to a subject of interest to the body gener-
ally, and to offer a resolution in relation to it. i
refer to the delay in the public printing. 1 have a
resolution, not exactly in conformity with my own
judgment, but which has been suggested to me as
most appropriate, which 1 will offer, it may be
put, if necessary, in the form of a joint resolution:
Resolved, That the Committer oil Punting be instructed
to inquire and report, whether any and what arrangement or
legislation is netes-ary to eilect a more prompt and proper
execution of the pinning of Congress.
The second section of the act of 1846, which
provides for this subject, is drawn up in such
terms as to render it a little doubtful what is the
proper course for the Senate to put sue, in regard
to it, in order to remedy the evil we all have in
view. The second section of the act is in these
words:
4{ That a committee, consisting of three members of the
Senate arid three members of the House of Representatives-,
shall be chosen by their respective houses, winch shall
constitute a Committee on Printing, winch shall have power
to adopt such measures as may be deemed necessary to
remedy any neglect or delay on the part of the contractor to
execute the woik oidered by Congress, and to make a pro
refit reduction in the compensation allowed, or to refuse the
work altogether, should it be inferior to the standard."
That, I'think, gives full power to the commit-
tee to act on the subject. I understand, however,
that the Committee on Printing have had the sub-
ject under consideration, but they have found so
much difficulty under the power given to them in
general terms, that they have not been able to act
under it. It is to lelieve the committee from em-
barrassment, that I deem it necessary that the Sen-
ate should pass some resolution of this character.
I had supposed myself, that the most prompt way
of effecting the object, would be to pass a resolu-
tion which 1 have myself drawn up, and which I
may propose in heu of the one I have just offered.
If the chairman of the Committee on Printing
does not object to it, I will suggest, that I think it
offers a better method of securing the object than
the resolution sent to the chair. However, as that
resolution has had the concurrence of other gentle-
men, perhaps the one I hold in my hand may not
be so successful as the one I have offered. The
resolution, which I hold in my hand, will authorize
the Committee on Printing at once to put all the
important printing into the hands of other persons.
The resolution which has been sent to the chair, is
merely a resolution directing the committee to in-
quire into the subject; and it may be a fortnight or
a month before any report may be made, or any
method adopted, of remedying the inconvenience
under which we now labor. I trust that the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing will state
whether, in his opinion, this latter method will
not be the best*
Mr. BORLAND. I feel, as much as any one
can, the inconvenience under which we labor,and
I do not know that it is very material which reso-
lution shall be adopted. I think, however, that if
there be any advantage in the one over the other,
it is in favor of the resolution which has been sub-
mitted, for the reason that the committee have had
this subject under consideration, and have ascer-
tained what they can do to expedite the printing,
and will be prepared to report to-morrow what is
the conclusion to which they have come from the
inquiries made by them.
Mr. BENTON. I agree, sir, in the existence
of the evil which has been stated by the Senator
from Tennessee. We all feel it—we all know-
that our public printing is not executed, and that
the object of public printing is no longer secured.
The object is to have the information for the Sen-
ate to act upon within the time in which they want
it; but we do not get it. If this had been a short
instead of a long session, we should have ad-
journed before we had obtained any of the large
documents.^ They may come in hereafter, in time
for the commencement of the next session. I agree
with him as to'the existence of the evil, but I dis-
agree with the Senator from Tennessee toto ccelo, as
to the remedy which he proposes. I hold that our
present course is fundamentally wrong. I hold
that it is radically wrong, to make any committee
of this body a committee to contract for its print-
ing. I hold that our officers are the proper persons
to do this, and that all the Senator has to do, to
accomplish his object, and in a way most advan-
tageous to the Senate, is merely to copy the woids
of the joint resolution of 1819. The words of that
resolution provide, that where any of the public
printing is inconveniently delayed, either the
House or the Senate may order its Secretary or
Clerk to have it done, and done in time for the use
of the body, and if they do not get it done on the
same terms as the public printer had contracted for,
the excess shall be charged to him. If we had
these words of the joint resolution of 1819 restored,
we should be able to go on at once with the public
printing. We should then have an officer to get
this work done, whose duties are administrative,
and whose business it is to look out for persons to
do the work in time, and who is responsible to the
body. Sir, Senators are not responsible to us for
the manner in which they execute trusts of this
kind. We cannot censure them—we cannot even
call upon them to tell how they have done it. We
cannot ask them to tell us why they give the work
to one person, and not to another; but we might
dismiss our Secietary if he should do anything of
which the Senate disapproved. Sir, the idea is
wrong—fundamentally wrong—of employingSen-
ators to make contracts—we should leave this to
the administrative officers of the Senate. If the
Senator from Tennessee will only adopt the words
of the resolution of 1819, I will go with him with
all my heart; but if he brings in a scheme by
which a committee of this body is to be charged
with this duty, I, as a working member, and one
who wants materials to work upon, must oppose
it, and endeavor to get the resolution of 1819
adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON. My object in rising, is to
say, that it is obvious that this debate is not going
to close here, and the time having arrived for pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the special order of
the day, 1 move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BELL. 1 desire to say, that I have no
objection to the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, and that 1 concur in thereason
assigned by him; but I doubt whethei his objec-
tion will not defeat the object altogether, and
whether we shall not get into a discussion without
