1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ifi87
These bills have never been printed. There is a
general disposit'on to adjourn, and 1 hope that the
gentleman, retaining his right to the floor, will so
far yield it as to allow that the bills shall be
printed, that we may know what they are.
iMr. MEADE. 1 rise to a question of order.
IVlr. BOYD. I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. Meade] rises to a question of order.
The gentleman ts entitled to the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. BOYD. I do not yield the floor for that
purpose That is not a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
will state what his point of order is.
Mr. MEADE. It is this: Does not a motion
to amend the first section of the bill take prece-
dence over the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky? [Mr. Boyd.]
Mr. BOYD. I object 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man from Virginia (Mr. Meade] cannot claim the
floor on an amendment whilst an amendment is
pending on which another gentleman is entitled to
st. The Chairhas recognized the gentleman from
Kentucky, and he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MEADE addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
gentleman from Virginia is not entitled to the floor,
and that the gentleman from Kentucky is entitled
to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to yield the floor—to offer an amend-
ment.
The intended amendment is as follows, viz:
A Bill to admit California as a State into the Union.
Whereas the people of California have presented
a constitution, and asked admission into the Union,
which constitution was submitted to Congress by
the President of the United States by message,
dated February 13, 1830, and which, on due ex-
amination, js found to be republican in its form of
government:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the State of California shall be
one, and is hereby declared to be one, of the Uni-
ted States of America, and admitted into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever.
Sec. 2 Arid be it further enacted, That until the
Representatives in Congress shall be apportioned
according to an actual enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States, the State of California
shall be entitled to two Representatives in Con-
gress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
State of California is admitted into the Union upon
the express condition that the people of said State,
through their Legislature or otherwise, shall never
interfere with the primary disposal of the public
lands within its limits, and shall pass nMaw, and do
no act whereby the title of the United States to, and
ri ht to dispose of the same, shall be impaired or
questioned; and they shall never (ay any tax or as-
sessment of any description whatsoever upon the
public domain of the United States, and in no case
shall non-resident proprietors, who are citizens of
the United States, be taxed higher than residents;
and that all the navigable waters within the said
State shall he common highways, and forever free,
as well to the inhabitants of said State as to the
citizens of the United States, without any tax, im-
post, or duty, therefor: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed as recognia-
ino- or rejecting the propositions tendered by the
people of California as articles of compact in the
ordinance adopted by the convention which formed
the constitution of that State.
Mr. BOYD. I reply to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] as I did to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.] I
cannot yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman refuses to
yield. ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the House ad-
journ. „ :
* Mr. VENABLE. As this seems to be the
fragments of the old omnibus which broke down
in the Senate, collected with perseverance, and
polished up with grape-vines, hickory withes, and
old plough gear; and as many doubt whether
the wheels will bear weight or the team pull, I
think we ought to adjourn, to have time to examine
tho vehicle
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
the motion, not having the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have the floor. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] has yielded
it to me for this motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield the floor for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BOYD. I will yield, in order to test the
sense of the House whether it will adjourn or
not.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I urgently
apoeal to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Wjlt.ums] to waive the motion, that the bills
may be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
bill may he ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. And the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
amendment also. But the Chair must distinctly
understand whether there is objection or not.
Objection was made.
Mr FOWLER addressed a remark orinquiry to
the Chair, of which nothing was heard; and
Mr GENTRY, at the same time, asked that
members might be required to take their seats.
The question was stated to be on the motion that
the House adjourn.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. McWillie and
Mr. Titck were appointed.
Mr. STANLY, (to the Speaker.) If this House
should now adjourn, in what condition would this
bill be left ?
The SPEAKER. Tf the House should now
adjourn, the bill will come up as the unfinished
business on the Speaker's table, and the first busi-
ness in order when the House shall again proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
—nves 109, noes 29.
So the House adjourned.
1; PETITIONS. &c.
11 The following petitions and memorials were pre-
: sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
, priate committees:
By Mr. DLr£R: Two petition"? of citizens or Madison
1 county, New York, praying for a modification of the tariff
: of 1846.
Kv Mr. BOWIE : The petition of Washington B-mifant,
; Dr. Washington Duval', and 92 others, citizens or' Mont-
gomery county, pravtng for the construction of a ptank
. road from the city of Washington to the Montgomery county
. hue,
1-c By Mr. POTTER: Two memotials fmm 1) V,. Smiih,
and'other?, citizens of Toledo, Ohio, a-kins Congr^ ro
: pass some law for the better s-ecurity of lite on steamboats.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday. August 28, 1850.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Rob-
ert Grant, asking that an appropiiation may be
made for the purpose of testing the merits of the
calcium light, invented by him for the use of light-
houses; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Joseph R. Pirson, asking that his patent condenser
for supplying the boilers of marine engines with
fresh water may be adopted for the use of the
navv; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLAY presented a petition of cit:zens of
Hillsborough, in the State of Indiana, asking the
adoption of measures for encouraging the emigra-
tion of the African race to Africa; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me-
morial of the President and Directors of the
Georgetown College, asking that certain real estate
may be exempted from the corporate limits of
Georgetown, reported a bill to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to alter the corporate limits of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia;" which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant to
the State of Missouri the right of way and a por-
tion of the public lands for the purpose of aiding
in making a railroad from St. Louis to the western
limits of said State, with an eastern extension to
Cincinnati and Louisville, through Illinois, Indi-
ana, and Ohio, reported back the same with an
amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
the chiefs and warriors of the friendly Creeks, for
indemnity for losses sustained during the war of
1814, submitted a report', which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Mary Jernigan. asking: indemnity for property
taken by the Indians in Florida, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1851, and for other pur-
poses, was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
estiblish certain post-roads in the United States
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read a third
time and passed:
The bill for the relief of the Orange and Alex-
andria Railroad Company,
The bill for the relief of John Devlin.
AVAR BOUNTIES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. At an early part of the
session I introduced a resolution for the payment
of war bounty scrip, and I have learned at the
War Department that some of them have been
paid without interest, which the department will
not pay without authority by further legislation.
I therefore £rive notice that I shall ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for that purpose.
SURVEY OF THE RIO GRANDE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions on the table; and the following, which was
submitted by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, yester-
day, came up in its order:
Resolved, That 1,500 additional copies of the message of
the President of the I7th of July last, communicating, in
compliance with the resolution of the Senate, a report of
Lieutenant Webster, of a survev of the Gulf coa*t of the
mouth of the Rio Grande, together with the supplemental
report communicated !he2Gth instant, be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senate have
ordered the printing; of this document, and it^is
for the Senate to dccide whether they will print
extra copies or not. If they intend to do so, they
had better order them at once, so that the printers
may not have to reset the type. 1 will also say
that this is a topographical survey of the lower
Rio Grande. If it had been submitted to the
Senate last year I think it would have saved them
from a very great blunder, which they made m
the establishment of a custom-house. I consider
it very valuable to the Senate and the country.
The resolution was adopted.
ELECTRO-MAGiNETISM.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Benton on the 19th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
« Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navv be directed to
report to the & nale tin1 result* of the expeiinputs in e]?e-
tio-ma2neii$m a* a motive power, authorized to be, made by
Proie^oi r.iy under an appropnatiim of the. last ses>ion of
Cwnzr^, ami unter the supervision of the Secretary of the
Navy.5'
MAP OF NEW MEXICO AND TEXAS.
The resolution which was heretofore submitted
by Mr. Ru?k for purchasing a certain number of
copies of Disturnd's map of New Mexico, &c.#
which accompanied the treaty with Mexico, was
next taken up. .
On the motion of Mr. BENTON, it was laid
on the table.
ADMISSION TO THE SENATE.
The following report, submitted by Mr. Hale,
from the select committee on the rules, came up
for consideration:
"The Committee to whom was referred the resolution
offered by the Senator from 3v<'w Hampshire, and the
amendment thereto by the Senator from North Carolina,
relative to an amendment of the rules ot the Senate reguia-
ung admissions to the floor of the Senate, having had that
