1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 28,
subject under consideration, report the following addition
to the 47th rule, viz :
" Blank tickets, equal to the number of the Senators for
the time bein<j, shall be prepared, and one ticket may be is-
sued under the direction of the Vice Piesident, by such
officer as he may designate, to eaeh Senator at his request,
on which ticket his name shall he indorsed, and which ticket
shall entitle the person to whom it may be delivered to ad-
mission on the floor of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the report was
laid on the table.
THE PREVIOUS QUESTION.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Douglas, the 27th July, came up for considera-
tion :
fi Resolved, That the following he and the same is adopted
as a standing rule of the Senate: That the 'pievious
question ' shall he admitted when demanded by a majority
of the members of the Senate present, and its effects shaii
be to put an end to all debate, and bring the Senate to a di-
rect vote, first, upon a motion to commit, if such motion
shall have been made; and, if this motion does not prevail,
then, second, upon amendments reported by a committee,
if any; then, third, upon pending amendments; and, finally,
where such questions shall have been decided, or where
none shall have been offered, or where none may be pend-
ing, then it shall be upon the main question, or questions
leading directly to a final decision of the subject-matter
pending before the Senate. On a motion for the previous
question, and prior to the seconding of the same, a call of
the Senate shall be in order; but after a majority «hall have
seconded such a motion, no call shall be in order prior to a
decision of the main question. On a previous question
there shall be no debate. All incidental questions of order
arising after a motion shall have he^n marie for the previous
question, and pending such motion, shall he decided,
whether on appeal or otherwise, without debate "
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the resolution
was laid on the table.
The following resolutions submitted by Mr.
Walker, the 18th June, came up for considera-
tion:
t( Resolved, That no penal law of a foreign country for
alleged political offences can or ouaht to be enforced, directly
or indirectly, within the United Stale-; and that it is the
duty of the Executive o{ this Government to pioteet citi-
zens of the United States again-t anv attempt of foteign
Powers or their diplomatic representatives to interfere with
the private pursuits, rights, or privileges, officii citizens, for
the purpose of visiting upon them the effects of such for-
eign penal law?.
"Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate the foregoing resolution to the diplomatic agents
of all foreign Powers having such agent* accredited to tin*
Government; and that he b*  al-o directed to inform his
Majesty the Emperor of Ru-si.i that this Government disap-
proves of the attempt of the honorable Alexander de Bo-
disco, to supersede ih" authority of Gaspard Toebman, E-q.,
attorney and coun«ellor-at law, under the employment of
the heirs of General Thaddeus Kosciu-ko."
On motion by Mr. BRADBCJRY, the resolutions
were laid on the table.
APPOINTMENT OF A POLICE OFFICER.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Turney, the 31st July, come up for consideration:
" Resolved, That the President of the Senate appoint a
police officer to attend to the Senate and that portion of the
building in its occupancy, to perform Mich duties as he •shall
direct; and that he receive for hi* services the •same amount
of compensation as is allowed and paid the principal police
of the Capitol."
On motion by Mr. TURNEY, the resolution
was laid on the table.
LINES OF STEAMSHIPS.
The following: resolution, submitted by Mr.
Dayis, of Massachusetts, on the 13th instant,
was taken up for consideration:
" Resolved, That the Postma>fei General he instructed to
communicate to the Senate such inl'01 matmn ns he pos-
sesses in regard to the several lines of ocean steamers in
the mail service of the United States, m the following par-
ticulars: =
"First. Has each line fulfilled the contract entered into
with the United States; if not, m what does the delinquen-
cy con^t?
« Second. How many ships are in the service in each line
and how many does each contract require ? '
"Third. How much money ha; been oaid to each line
under what laws, and at vvh«tt times, and how much remains
to be paid ?
" Fovrfh. What is the aggregate of postage which has
be«n derived to the Government from each line, and what
i^ the annual amount realized Irom each ?
Fifth. Have the mails been regularly and safely trans-
ported and delivered, accotding to the requirements of the
law and the instructions of the department?  
Mr. DICKINSON. I call the attention of the
Senator from Massachusetts to this lesolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think the
information which is asked for in this resolution is
very desirable to the Senate, and indeed is neces*
sary to enable them to act with intelligence upon
subjects which must necessarily be presented to
them when the appropriation bill comes up. The
Senator from New York, I believe, does not object
to this view of the subject. He concurs with me
in it, but he thinks that this information will be
furnished to the Senate from other sources. If
that be so, I shall be satisfied, if it only comes to
us in a form to enable us to see it and clearly to
understand it. The Senator from New York, 1
believe, expects that this information will come in
some manner through the Post Office Committee.
If, however, the information is prepared for other
purposes, it will be very little trouble to furnish it
directly to the Senate, and I am inclined to think
that it is best that it should come before us in that
form. The information adverted to by the Sena-
tor from New York does not embrace one of the
lines. My desire is to embrace all the lines, and
that the Senate may know whether the contracts
have been executed, how many ships have been
put upon each line, the annual expenditure, and
the amount of money which has been paid up to
this time. If I can obtain that information, it is
all I care for.
Mr. DICKINSON. I*know of no earthly ob-
jection to the information being obtained, unless
we have it already, as I suppose we have, and
therefore I called the attention of the Senator from
Massachusetts to it. The only suggestion I made
! in regard to this resolution, when it was offered,
was the usual one, that it lie over one day under the
rule, in the belief that we had substantially all that
it asked for before us and before a committee un-
der examination. The resolution having, how-
ever, now come up in regular order, I shall by no
means object to its adoption, if the mover desires
it. The information the Postmaster General com-
municated to the House, in answer to a resolution,
in March last, as I think, covers the whole subject,
so far as regards the Chagres, Pacific, and other
lines in that direction. It is a document got up
with considerable labor, and embodies much of
detailed information; and, as that officer informs
us, contains all the knowledge he has upon the
subject. The resolution of the Senator from Lou-
isiana embraces a much wider range, and was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads in May last. Perhaps they strictly
cover the Bremen line, although it comes within
the scope of the inquiry before the Post Office
Committee; and besides, as to that line, the law,
the contract, and tho, annual reports of the depart-
ments, all before us. show all that the departments
know upon the subject. The Postmaster General,
it is true, can duplicate the information he has al-
ready given to the House, and send us what we
already have, and more if he has it, without a
great deal of trouble. My suggestion was merely
that it would be unnecessary to impose that labor
upon the Department, and inciease the expense of
the Government, and unnecessarily multiply docu-
ments, without additional information. As, how-
ever, the mover of the resolution seems to think
we may gain something by its passage, let it, by
all means, be adopted.
Mr. UPHAiVI. I believe that a resolut'on of
this character is now pending before the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, which was
introduced by the Senator from Louisiana. I have
understood the chairman of that committee to say
that he had collected the facts in the case, and that
he was about to make a report and give the infor-
mation required by the Senator from Lousiana,
[Mr. Dowvs ]
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The difference
is this: The resolution of the Senator from Louisi-
ana is quite comprehensive, but it leaves out the
Bremen line. In other respects, perhaps, it covers ,
substantially the information whi^h I require j
The information which I desire is simply an au- I
swer to the inquiries which I propose, in a con-
densed form. I do not expect a large document,
and I supposed the information could be furnished
in a condensed form, so as to be of value to the
Senate. And perhaps an additional reason why
this resolution should pass, is, that it has got
into the papers, as I am informed, that there was
an attempt being made to smother this thing, and ,
that my resolution had gone on to the table by j:
some arrangement or other for that purpose. Ash
have no such intention, and as I presume no other
gentleman has, I prefer that the resolution should "
Mr. DICKINSON. I certainly have not the
least objection to it in the world.
Mr. DOWNS. As has been stated by several
Senators, I introduced some months ago a resolu-
tion similar to the one submitted by the Senator
from Massachusetts. I was not aware that the
Bremen line was omitted, though it is likely that
it may have been. At the suggestion of several
Senators at the time, I thought it best to modify
the resolution so as to refer it to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, instead of calling on the Post Office
Department for the information required; but, as I
think it important that we should have it speedily,
unless I am assured by the chairman of the Naval
Committee that we shall have an early report on
the subject, I shall vote to call on the department.
It is important that we should have the information
at once, in view of the fact that we shall probably
soon have the appropriation bill before us.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. I think it better
to let the information come directly before the
Senate.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator from Louisiana
has misunderstood the reference of his resolution.
It never came before the Naval Committee; n wasr
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DOWNS. I beg pardon; I thought it was
the Naval Committee. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office, I perceive, is not here
thi* morning.
The resolution was adopted.
AMENDMENT OP THE RULES.
The PRESIDENT announced the next resolu-
tion in order to be that which was offered by Mr.
Underwood on the 22d instant, for the amend-
ment of the rules of the Senate, as follows:
(iResolved, As an amendment to the rules, that a motion
may he made to lay anv proposition to amend a bill or reso-
tion upon the table, and if it prevail, the proposed amend-
ment ?h.\M be laid on the table, but the bill or resolution
shall not go with it.5'
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow me
to say half a dozen words.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will do so, if the Senator
will renew the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will do it, but I shall
vote against it, the floor being obtained by me on
a condition of that sort. The effect of that amend-
ment will be to enable us to get clear of long de-
bates upon amendments to a bill or original reso-
lution. It will have something of the effect of the
previous question, though not wholly the same.
It will separate the amendment from the original
resolution, and it will be a great time-saver, and I
hope the Senate will adopt it.
I now renew the motion of the Senator to lay
the resolution on the table, but I hope the Senate
will vote against it.
The question was taken on laying the resolution
on the table, and there were ayes 13, noes 18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an important innova-
tion upon our rules.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) Yery important.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me it is going to
a very great length in departing from previous
usages and practices in the Senate, in relation to
this matter. It will have the effect of abridging
debate to a great and alarming extent, as it appears
to me; and not only that, but it will be impra< Uca-
ble. I have always found that a departure from
old parliamentary law has involved us m diffi-
culty. What is this proposition ? It is, that we
should lay an amendment on the table and thus
separate it from the bill to which it applies, and in
connection with which it is considered. This will
be in effect applying the previous question to one
part of the proposition, and not to the other. I
feel sure that this is the first time such a pratice
was ever attempted, and that under such a rule we
shall find very serious inconveniences. This mat-
ter of proposing amendments to a bill is often one
of the ways of testing and arguing a proposition,
by bringing them into competition with each other,
and forcing comparisons between the original bill
and the amendment. You will, by adopting this
rule, say that he who offers the original bill or
resolution may debate it as long as he chooses-,
while he who offers the amendment that comes in
competition with it, and those who may agree with
him, shall not enjoy the same privilege in relation
to their proposition. This will be giving an op-
portunity to argue a proposition on one side and
not on the other, and thus the light of debate will
