1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 28,
amendment of the rule, therefore, is to put these
amendments and the debate upon them within the
powerof this body, when the members of the Sen-
ate themselves may conceive them to he so irrele-
vant and improper as not'to be peimitted to occupy
the time and attention of the Senate in their con-
sideration. That is the object I had in view in
proposing it; and I do think that if it were adopted
it would operate beneficially. At any rate I think
we might give it a trial. J know that there are a
great many persons who are opposed to all inno-
vation; but there is a " progress" party who are
sometimes in favor of innovations, if, by making
such innovations, we can make any " progress."
Bat if we are to continue under the old rule of
laying; upon the table any proposition because an
amendment to it may be voted to be laid upon the
table, we shall make no legislative progress. I am
disposed to try this method in order to see how it
will operate. I cannot but think that it will pro-
duce beneficial results.
Mr. BUTLER,. I shall very much regret, Mr.
President, if this resolution should pass. I know
that a partial majority will always regard anything
as an inconvenience that may stand in their way,
I have no doubt that such a majority would be
very willing to remove all the lets and hindrances
to our proceedings with a view to obtain their end
at once, and in the simplest way possible. But,
sir, I have great respect for all those inconvenien-
ces which have been alluded to. All these delays
have a beneficial, a considerative operation. I
should be truly sorry if, by the adoption of a sys-
tem of rules merely for the purpose of economi-
zing time, we should get into the habit of allowing
measures to pass with too much rapidity. There
is more danger in celerity of legislation than there
is in any of the delays to which our rules may
subject us. These very delays constitute, in a
great measure, the excellence of our system, and
distinguish it from monarchical and other arbitrary
Govei nments. Here we have two separate Houses
through which all legislative measures must pass,
so that the rights of the nation may be guarded.
And as it regards the administration of justice, we
have trial by jury, with all its accompanying inci-
dents, so that the rights of the individual may be
guarded; a system, it is true, which i3 almost un-
intelligible to continental nations, but 'he value and
excellence of which we have fully tested. They
can scarcely understand it. This very complica-
tion of proceedings constitutes their excellence;
and thus in requiring a bill to be read three times,
and in enabling an amendment to control a bill,
we have one of our greatest securities. If you re-
move all this apparent complication, what do you
do' You subject a minority to the arbitrary will
of a majority for the time being, because, so far as
regards any amendment, this rule will operate pre-
cisely as a call of the previous question. A gen-
tleman may rise and offer an amendment which is
perhaps not altogether acceptable to the body. He
discusses it; and an impatient majority, wishing
to bring the question to an end, moves that the
amendment be laid upon the table. No matter
how important the mover of the amendment may
regard it; no matter how important the minority
may regard it, its importance is not to be devel-
oped by discussion. I ask gentlemen, then, to
pause before they adopt this modification. 1 con-
tend that this complication in our rules operates
well. It operates so as to delay legislation; toar-
re^t attention; and to prevent that fearful celerity
to an end which is sometimes obtained without
due consideration.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I merely wish to
say one word, and that is to express the hicrh
gratification which I feel on finding that we have
got so able a convert to the new doctrine of
44 progress" as the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Now, I am inclined to be of the same opinion
as the Senator from Kentucky. I have no belief
in this parliamentary law as being the best law in
the world, or that this nation would be ruined
without it. There is " progress" in that law, as
well as in any other, and I think we have no
light to say that we will not change it because it
has been practiced in the House of Representatives
and in the Senate. We should make a rational
inquiry into the matter, and not avow that we will
support the present rule because it has been lone
in use. I am not frightened at the idea of innova°-
tion or change in our parliamentary law. The
" progress" to which the honorable Senator from
Kentucky alludes is as applicable to that law as to
any other law; and I suppose we have scarcely
got a stationary Senator upon this floor— so sta-
tionary as to say that the law never shall be
changed, or that it is the best law that ever was
or ever can be continued in operation.
Mr. President, f am a friend to freedom of dis-
cussion; but, at the same time, I must be per-
mitted to say that I believe that the people of this
country know a great deal which they have never
learned from Congress; and I further believe that
they are fully competent to discuss every question
that arises here. That is my belief; and if I had
not that belief, my doubts as to the stability and
excellence of our institutions would be much
greater than they now are. That is my opinion
as to the capabilities of the American people.
Still, I am perfectly willing to sustain freedom of
discussion.
But I heard the honorable Senator from South
Carolina just now talk about the celerity of our
movements, after we have been here nine months
and done nothing. Why, sir, if that be celerity,
i should like to know what slowness is. (^Laugh-
ter.) It is well known that the slowness of our
movements is a matter of reprobation from one end
of the country to the other. Do you believe that
when a matter has been discussed here daily for
two or three weeks by minds fully illuminated, we
do not understand the subject? Why, sir, many
of those questions which we have discussed here
are so well understood that, if Solomon were to
come down with all his wisdom, he could not sug-
gest a new idea, or even a new word in which to
clothe an old one. The subject is exhausted; and
yet we are to be told that the American people
do not understand it, and we are to go on discuss-
ins- it.
Now, I have nothing to do with the mechanical
part of this business. I do not see how that can af-
fect the freedom'of discussion. Here is an amend-
ment to a bill which, if a motion to lay that amend-
menton the table should prevail, carries the bill
with it. It is proposed so to alter the rule as to ob-
viate this carrying a bill with an amendment in such
a case. And it seems to me that such an alteration,
instead of limiting discussion, will promote it. I
do not see how it is to stop discussion at all. It
seems to me both natural and proper that, if you
have a bill under consideration, and have had an
amendment to it discussed for a certain length of
time, you should dispose of that amendment, so
as to allow the Senate to proceed tqjhe consider-
ation of the main question.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President,! did not speak
of celerity having its hazards; but I spoke of de-
lay having its advantages. And perhaps the Sen-
ator from Michigan and myself have taken very
different views of measures which have been sus-
pended. I may think that it would have been bet-
ter for the country if some of the measures which
have occupied our time had been delayed forever,
and never had passed. And the Senator from
Michigan may think it would have been better
had they passed in a single day, upon a single
reading, and perhaps without a single speech.
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) I beg pardon.
Mr. BUTLER. I am for delay when I think
mischievous measures likely to pass. The Senator,
not thinking them mischievous, might wi«*h them
to be passed in a single day. Here is a difference
of opinion between the Senator and myself. Per-
haps history will have to decide whether it would
have been better for us to have legislated quickly,
or to have dalayed much longer than we have,
upon some measures to which he has alluded.
But I had no idea of alluding to those partic-
ular measures when I spoke of the parliamentary
principle. The delay in reference to these meas-
ures has perhaps grown out of the subject rather
than anything else. I do not suppose that the
facility which may be effected by this resolution
will be a very wise counsellor for us. I know
that a majority may adopt it very easily. But I
choose to regard every one of those delays inci-
dent to our legislation as the best security of
which I can avail myself as belonging to a mi-
nority.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish to say a word by
way of explanation. When I spoke I alluded to
no particular measures at all. I merely said that
we were approaching the tenth month of the ses-
sion, and yet we had done almost nothing.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to lay this resolution
on the table for the present, in order to call up the
order of the day.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. CLAY. Before proceeding to the orders of
the day, I desire the Senate to take up the bill to
suppress the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia, for the purpose of fixing an early day for its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
I taken up.
Mr. CLAY. The bill being before the Senate,
I wish to propose such a day as will be most
agreeable to the Senate. I move that it be made
the special order for Monday next, at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE. I am in favor of that motion, but
I hold in my hand an amendment which I desire to
present, in order that it may be printed.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE. I also have an amendment
which I desire to submit to the Senate for the
same purpose.
The amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, by way of
a test vote in relation to this bill, I move to lay it
upon the table, and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken were:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Butler,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Houston, Hunter,
Mason, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Sou!6, Tumey, andYu-
lee_]6.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Brad-
bury, Hriglit, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper. Davis of
Massachusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wi-conMn,
Dodge of Town, Don«!as, Evvnis, Felch, Foote, Greene,
Hamlin, Jones, King, Manjium, Pearce, Phelps, Shields,
Smith,Sprunnce, Sturgeon,'Underwood, (Jpli.im, Wales,
Wmthrop, and Whuconib—36.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator from Kentucky
will modify his motion so as to make this bill the
special order for one o'clock, instead of twelve.
We have several important bills upon the table
which we have been hitherto unable to reach, and
we have this morning received two important ap-
propriation bills from the House of Representa-
tives, which will require our early attention. By
making the bill now before the Senate the special
order for one o'clock, the Senate will have two
-hours each day for its general business.
Mr. CLAY. I am always disposed to " com-
promise, " and I should be quite willing to fix one
o'clock, if it would be more convenient to the
Senate; but I really cannot suppose that the bill
will give rise to much discussion. I hope it will
not occupy the Senate one hour.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
made the special order for Monday next, at twelve
o'clock.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to postpone the prior
special orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
" granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military service
of the United States." It is a bounty land bill
which the House has passed in a liberal spirit, but
which has heretofore been kept back in the Senate
for the purpose of allowing other important
measures to pass. I hope it will be received in the
same spirit which actuated the House, and that it
will be considered and disposed of.
Mr. BRADBURY. I perceive, from the man-
ner in which business is transacted, that it will be
impossible ever to reach the business on the table.
I hope that we may be permitted to take up the
special orders in their order, and dispose of them
without departing from that order. I moved this
morning to lay on the table a resolution by which
it was proposed to change the rules of the Senate,
without having an opportunity to explain my
reasons at the time it was pending; I wish, there'
fore, now to say that I did it because I desired
that we might have an opportunity to get through
with the business in its regular order. I think it
is too late in the session, and that we have too
much important business before us, to undertake,
at this late day, to engage in amending our rules.
I hope the Senator will consent to let this matter
come up in its order, and probably we shall soon
reach it.
