596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
on the state of the Unian. As you are aware, sir,
and as the members of this House are aware,
it is a resolution very frequently offered, and for
that reason printed blanks are kept at the Clerk's
table, to be used whenever a member desires to
offer a resolution of this character. When the
gentleman from New York rose and offered this
resolution, he had not reduced it himself to writing,
but he requested that the Clerk should do so. I
directed that it should be done by the Clerk. The
gentleman from New York immediately made the
motion to liy it on the table; and the vote to lay
the resolution on the table was taken, and passed
upon by the House, before the resolution had been
filled up by the Clerk at the desk. Immedietely I
saw that the resolution must be to stop debate upon
the California message, and 1 so directed it to be
recorded. The journalizing clerk, however, (as
you perceive there are three or four gentlemen at
the desk,) did not hear the direction given by me
to the reading clerk, and the resolution was filled up
by him, (the former.) As is well known to every
member of this House, it is my duty, as Speaker
of the House, to correct the journal of the House;
for this purpose, it is read to me on each morning
after the adjournment of the House. When the
journal of the day was read to me on the succeed-
ing morning, I found that the resolution was en-
tered as a resolution to stop debate upon the Presi-
dent's message, and the bill pending before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I instructed the Clerk, to strike out the words re
ferring to the bill, giving him at that lime the very
reason which I give to tiie House this morning for
not entertaining the resolution of the gentleman
from New York, viz., that this was a privileged
question, and had been entertained as a privileged
question to stop debate upon the California mes-
sage, which had been referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, by the
House. But as the bill had not been before the
House, and the House had no parliamentary
knowledge of the pending of the bill in commit-
tee, as they could not entertain as a privileged
motion a proposition to stop debate upon the bill,
the alteration in the journal should be made. Jind
the journal, «s corrected, teas read lo the House on the
moining following. The circumstances occurred
precisely as I have narrated them to the House.
I have nothing more to say, as I desired simply
to make a statement to the House of the facts.
Mr. KING, i do not desire at this time to go
into any examination of the facts in this case;
and I wish here to state, that for the honorable
gentleman from Georgia—the Speaker of the
House—I have a very high respect. His opin-
ions were such that 1 could not vote to put him in
that place, [the Speaker's chair,] because J antici-
pated that the opinions of the State he represents
might compel him, upon these questions of order,
to vary by his fiat his decisions.
[Cries of " Order." " Let him go on," &c.l
Mr. RICHARDSON called the gentleman from
New York to order.
The SPEAKER decided the gentleman in order, !'
ami |
Mr. KING proceeded. As I said before, it was !i
rumored that there was an intention to smother I
this California bill in committee, and substitute |
another for it. Deeming this the regular and
proper mode, in order to procure the action of the
House, directing that committee to report the
bill to the House, I offered the resolution, for
two "purposes—one was to indicate my readiness
to vote for the admission of California without
connection with any other matters; and the other
was to ascertain whether the Speaker had any
doubts as to this proposition being in order.
■.Vji. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interposing.)
1 wish to jriquiie of the gentleman from New
York if he cJ.ew up that resolution at all >
Mr. KING. No; the Clerk drew it up. !|
_ Mr. STEPHENS. I desire to make another i|
inquiry. j:
Mr, KING. I desire to answer the first ques- ij
tion first. I
Mr. STEPHENS. Did the gentleman see the |i
resolution until after it was voted upon ^ i!
Mr. ICfNG. I did not. ' ' j'
Mr. STEPHENS. Was the blank filled up l!
until after it was voted upon? j
Mr. KING I will state to the gentleman1!
the history of my action upon this!
.I rose ia my place, and offered a resolu- jj
tion to close debate upon the bill to admit Cali-
fornia. The question was so stated in my place
to the House, and the Clerk was directed to
fill up the resolution as I moved it. These are the
facts of the case. I did not examine the journal,
because I had no doubt that the resolution had
been entered as I moved it. It is, as the Speaker
states, the usual form; and if objection was to be
made to it, it should have been made then. That
is why 1 charged that it was an after-thouaht.
1 stated the motion distinctly,and the Clerk was
directed, as is usual, to enter the motion I made
in the printed blank; and then, having ascertained
that the motion I made was in order, I said, I did
not desire to press it to a vote at thai time, that I
was willing that gentlemen should have every fair
opportunity of discussing the subject, but I was
unwilling, by any indirect act, that we should
be deprived of the right to vote upon the bill in the
House, where the yeas and nays could be had. It
was with this view that I made the charge, that
the facts may be shown to the House and to the
country.
1 am not disposed to distrust the House in re-
gard to this matter. A majority—a large major-
ity—have repeatedly declaied their opinion in
favor of passing a bill admitting California, dis-
connected from any other matter. That is my
desire. I desire that the vote shall be taken in
the House, wheie we can h we the record.
Mr. fJOLMES. It is obvious, after the state-
ment which 1ms been made by the honorable
Speaker, that there is no foundation whatever for
this charge. 1 therefore wiihraw my motion.
Mr. ALBERTSON said he wished to ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Preston King]
one question.
After some conversation and interruptions,
Mr. ALBERTSON proceeded. I wish, said
he, to ask the gentleman from New York if he did
not hear the journal read the next morning after
he offered his resolution ?
Mr. KING. I did not. The first knowledge
I had of it was, when I understood that the ques-
tion of order would be raised against my resolu-
tion. I went to the Clerk's office and examined
the journal yesterday.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor. He said; \
do not wish to resist what I understand to be the
general feeling of this House 
Mr. BURT interposed, and (the floor being
yielded) said . I desire to offer this resolution. I
do not wish to make any remarks about the ex-
traordinary proceedings in this House, but simply
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That tbo oharire rnnde against the Speaker of
this Hou'p, of mutilating the journal of tins Hou e, l>y Mr.
Pklston King, a member from the State of New Yoik, is,
hy his own statement, without she color of' it-rvson ot foun-
dation.
Mr. BAYLY said that the resolution met very
much the objection which he was about to make
to the course which the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] had indicated his purpose
to pursue.
Mr. HOLMES said he had withdiawn his res-
olution.
Mr. BAYLY continued. Ho differed as to the
propriety of withdrawing the resolution, unless
some such proposition as that indicated by the
gentleman's colleague [Mr. Burt) was substituted
for it, for the reason that a groundless and a base
charge against the Speaker of this House would
ffo upon the journal, anil would there endure for-
ever. The refutation of it, which had been so
clearly made out this morning, would live in the
fleeting pages of the newspapers only. Not only
as a personal and political friend of the Speaker,
but as a member of this body, and a citizen of the
Republic—feeling an interest in the character of Us
history—he was not willing that the permanent
journals of this House should go down to posterity
without a decisive vote of condemnation on the
part of the House upon this pioceeding—a vote of
condemnation which should appear side by side
with the charge itself. A baser charge had never
been made.
The SPEAKER interposed, and was under-
stood to caution the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] against the application of terms reflecting
upon the motives of a member. *
Mr. BAYLY begged pardon of the House, he
said,, if he had indulged in any unparliamentary
language. The feeling which dictated it was a
natural one, and he hoped it would be excused
The Speaker of the House had been charged with
a mutilation of its journal, for a political object;
 t was stigmatized as an aftei-thought, and an arti-
fice, to defeat the views of the gentleman who
offered the resolution—a charge, than which a
more criminating one could not possibly be made.
He (Mr. B.) for one, therefore, could never con-
sent to let the matter pass off in this informal way?
his own preference would even be, that the subject-
should be referred to a committee, who might re-
port upon it, and stamp the matter as it deserved;
but as he saw that the general feeling of the
House, indignantly manifested as it had been, was
averse to treating the matter in so formal a man-
ner, he would acqoiesee in the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina. [Mr. Burt.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Get>rgsa, said that he had
no feeling upon this subject. He was satisfied
(he was understood to say) that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] had been laboring
under a misapprehension. He thought that the
House was now tired of the question—every gen-
tleman must be heartily satisfied with the expla-
nation which the Speaker of the House had made.
He (Mr. S.) cordially approved of the resolution
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt,] and to get rid of the subject, would
move the previous question.
Mr. STANLY rose to inquire whether the res-
olution was m order?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is pending.
Mr. STANLY. I inquire whether the resolu-
tion is in order ?
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was
clearly in order.
Mr. STANLY said he could not hear what the
Speaker said.
The SPEAKER repeated, that the resolution
was clearly in order.
Mr. STANLY* I think the whole business is
out of older, and that it is not worthy of being
enrried any further. It is time we should get rid
of it. 1 have no idea that any vote of censure is
going to be passed. It is not worth it—it is not
worthy of debate—no one supposes that the
Speaker of this House has done any wrong. I
move that the whole subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN begged the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to withdraw his
motion to lay the whole subject on the table. It
would be highly unjust to the honorable Speaker
to pass it by without taking action upon the
charge. The reputation and character of the
Speaker would come out untouched and unsullied
from this malicious accusation. A resolution
i ought to be passed by this House, that the charge
is unjust, unfounded, and untrue.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to lay the whole subject on the table, and
that motion is not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK said he knew the motion waa
not uebatable. Therefore he had risen to appeal
to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
and to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] to withdraw their respective motions for
the previous question and to lay on the table. He
(Mr. S.) did not. wish to be placed m a false posi-
tion He wanted to acquit the Speaker.
The SPEAKER interposed, and asked the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] and
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
whether they withdrew their motions.
Mr. STANLY withdrew his motion, and
Mr. STEPHENS waived his motion, for the
purpose of allowing an explanation to be made by
Mr. SCHENCK, who said, that all he desired
was to say a few words in explanation. He was
satisfied that the matter would result as he had
supposed u would. From the explanation made
by the Speaker, lie (Mr. S.) believed that the
Speaker had done nothing but what was right, and
nofhine: but what he ought to have done. He
(Mr. S ) recognized the propriety of the view
taken by the Speaker of the point of <5nler. This
House, as a House, knew nothing of the bill
pending for the admission of California as a State
into the Union The Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, originated that bill. It was
an incident to the consideration of the special mes-
sage of the President, and of the debate which
had arisen upon that message. If the House ter-
minated the debate on the President's message, it
terminated debate on all the incidents oonnected
