1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
with it; and the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union might report to the House any
proposition within the rule, which it might think
proper to report. And if might be that a biif
might be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. But the bill itself, he
repeated, originated in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It was not a matter of
record, §nd therefore the Speaker was right in de-
ciding that no resolution was in order, making
reference to that which was exclusively within
the knowledge of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and was not within the
knowledge of the House. He did not know how far
the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. King] might
have been misted by his feelings, or by misappre-
hension. Some alteration had certainly been made,
though he thought the gentleman was wrong in the
motive he hail charged. At first sight, therefore,
he had been in favor of the investigation. He was
•satisfied now with the withdrawal of the resolu-
tion for the appointment of a committee. He
thought that the House ou^ht to pass some reso-
lution—but a resolution only declaring that the
•Speaker of the House was not liable to any cen-
sure whatsoever. He did not desire to make out
a h.ll of indictment against the gentleman from
'New York, (Mr. Kmc,j or any one else. That
gentleman had his feelings—other gentlemen had
theirs. He (Mr, S.) regretted that the gentleman
should have said so much about motives, because
be felt satisfied that so far as any charge had been
made, it could, on being sent to a committee, be
perfectly explained. Having heard all the expla-
nations, both by the gentleman from New York,
who made the charge, and by the Speaker of the
House, he (Mr. S.) was satisfied that nocensuie
should be cast upon the Speaker for that which
he had done. And he (Mr. S.) was ready to vote
for a resolution of the character he had indicated.
But if any resolution was offered in the shape in
which this now was, keeping up the ball between '
these gentlemen, he should vote against it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, who had yield- j
ed the floor to Mr. Schenck, for the purpose of 1
explanation, now took the floor. He called for
the reading of the resolution of the gentleman j
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt.] !
The resolution was r^ad. (
Mr. SCHENCK desired Mr. Stephens to yield ,
the floor for a moment, to allow him (Mr. S.) to !
offer an amendment. j
Mr, STEPHENS declined to yield, that the !
amendment might be offered, but yielded that it j
might be read for information, >
And it was read for information as follows; j
Resolved, That after hearing the statement made by the !
Hon. Preston King, a member of this House, and the ex-
planation of the Speaker, the Hmi?e is perfectly saiisfird !
that there exists no reason for ca-tins censure'upon the
Speaker; but that he did only what he had a rieht to do, in
the discharge of his duty as a presiding officer^ in the cor- '
rection of the Journal. " i
Mr. INGE (Mr. Stephens further yielding) '
desired to put a question to the gentleman from i
New York, [Mr. Kin«.] Pie (Mr. I.) was willing
to adopt the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] if the gentleman from New
York would withdraw the charge which he had
made against the Speaker. This would settle the
whole controversy, if the gentleman would not
withdraw the charge, he (Mr. I.) was not willing
to vote for this proposition. If, after the explana-
tions which had been made by the Speaker, the
gentleman would not withdraw the charge, it
would be evident that he had not acted under
misapprehension, but from a guilty intention;
but while he thus persisted in the charge, he
(Mr. L) was unwilling to exonerate him from
censure. He appealed to the gent!eman from New
York to say whether, after the explanations which
had been made, he would withdraw the charge?
Mr. KING (Mr. Stephens further yielding)
took the floor.
Mr. INGE. I hope the gentleman will respond
to my mquiiy.
Mr. KING. I have stated the reasons which, on
Wednesday, the 13th of March, induced me to offer
the resolution introduced by me on that day. If j
there was any doubt on the mind of the Speaker, i
or on the minds of this House, whether that reso- ;
lution was in order, then was the time, and there i
was the place, in my judgment, when and where
the question of order should have been raised.
The resolution was definite as to the time at
which the debate should be broughtto a close. I
was content, and so expressed myself, that the
resolution should be laid upon the table, to be called
up or acted upon whenever the House was ready
to terminate debate, if any question of order was
to be made, I desired that it should be made at an
early day, it is known that the minority of this
House had expressed a determination that the
judgment and the will of the majority should not
be met. I say, that if a question of order was to
be raised, it should have been raised at the time I
offired the resolution. That was the last i heard
of it. I understood a few days ago, that there
was a question of order. I went to the Clerk, to
ascertain if my motion had been entered. I
found there had been a change—that the journal
had been erased—that the very words—the only
words in which I made the motion—had been
stricken out, and that others had been substituted
for them. How and when it was done, I know
not. I entertain no doubt in reference to the decla-
ration of the Speaker, or to the manner in which
it was done. I say, I entertain no doubt of the
tiuth of that declaration. I do not make any ques-
tion of veracity with the honorable Speaker of this
House. I have a high tespect for him; but I be-
lieve he had violated the record, and I desired
to test the question before the House. I was
depiived of the opportunity of testing it on the
question of order. Of the fact I have no doubt. I
believe that it is nothing but constraint that has
induced it, and gentlemen here who will threaten
the existence of this Government, will not hesitate
to resort to artifice, or any other means, to accom-
plish their purposes.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming the floor) called
for the reading of the resolution, and of the j
i amendment suggested by the gentleman from j
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. KING, (continuing.) If there is to be any
| resolution of censure from any quarter, I hope that
: the facts may be ascertained, and that a vote may
, be taken on the resolution as I offered it. i
j charge 
! Mr. STEPHENS claimed the floor.
Mr. KING was proceeding 
| The SPEAKER said the gentleman from New
! York was out of order, because the gentleman
1 from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] claimed the floor.
' Mr. INGE. I understand now that the gentle-
man reiterates the charge.
: Mr. KING (turning to Mr. Inge) made a re-
; mark, scarcely heard, but which was understood
! to be, That is your understanding of it.
Mr. INGE. There can only be one under-
standing of it.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, I ciaim the
floor.
The SPEAKER asserted the right of Mr. Ste-
phens.
The resolution and amendment were then rend.
Mi. KING asked that the charge might also be
read.
And it was read accordingly.
Mr. STEPHENS. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] so
to modify his resolution as to strike out the words,
" according to his own statement."
Mr. BURT said, that he had not desired to cast
any censure upon the gentleman from New York
[Mr. King.] He (Mr. B.) had thought that the
best mode to show that the gentleman was mis-
aken, was to adopt the language of the resolution. 1
Mr. STEPHENS. But the gentleman repeats I
the char^c. j
Mr. BURT said he had no objection to modify ,
the resolution, as suggested by the gentleman from 1
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] |
And the resolution was modified accordingly, i
Mr. STEPHENS now called for the reading of j
the resolution as modified. j
And it was read. 1
Mr. STEPHENS said he had one or two i
words to say before submitting the motion which I
he designed to make. The charge was, that the j
journal had been mutilated. He apprehended that !
a large majority of this House were fully satisfied
that there had been no mutilation—that there had
indeed been no change in the record—thut there
had been no change in the journal—none what-
ever. There had been no erasure of the journal,
because it was not the Journal of the House until
it had been read and approved by the House. It
was barely, at the best, a change in the minutes of
proceedings kept by the Clerk, and that minute
kept under the otder of the Speaker at that time.
There was, then, no change—there was no mutila*
tion; and as he believed that the House was tired
of the subject, and as the resolution of the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] had been
modified in such a manner as he (Mr. S.) sup-
posed would meet the approbation of a large ma-
jority of the members, he would move the pre*
vious question.
Mr. KING asked Mr. S. to withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. DUER also requested Mr. S. to withdraw
the motion for a few moments.
Mr. KING said he rose to a point of order.
Mr. DUER claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. King,] states that he rises to a point
of order The gentleman will state his point of
order.
Mr. KING. It is this, whether it is in order
for any member to take the floor, and then to as-
sign it only to such gentlemen as he chooses?
The SPEAKER said, that according to the uni-
form practice and precedents of the House, a gen-
tleman might yield the floor to another member.
Mr. DUER. -If the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens,] will waive his demand for the
previous question, I will pledge myself to renew it
in five minutes.
[Voices m different parts of the Hall, "Do not
withdraw."]
Mr. STEPHENS. I think that the House has
already got as much light on the subject as it needs.
If I yield to one gentleman, I must yield to another,
and another, and so on without limit. I hope,
therefore, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Duer] will not persiftt in his request, i cannot
withdraw.
Mr. DUER. Then I rise to a question of order.
I understand the Speaker to have stated that, ac-
cording to his impression, there is a course which
the parliamentary law calls for, and that that is
the proper course. Now, I make the suggestion
| for the benefit of the Speaker, and all others,
j whether it is best to act thus impulsively; whether
j it is best to take, in this sudden manner, the state-
i ment of facts, as the Speaker has given them, and
i whether it would not be better to have a commit-
! tee of investigation, composed of some of the prin-
j cipal men of this House.
j Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a question of
! order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Dueu.) What is the
! point of order which the gentleman makes?
j Mr. DUER. That the parliamentary Jaw calls
I for a committee of investigation; that that is the
j best mode which can be adopted, so that testi-
I mony may be taken; and that, after deliberate in-
: quiry, the committee may report the facts for the
action of this House.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
with a remark not heard, but the general purport
of which was understood to be, that there was
nothing in the parliamentary law which required
the appointment of a committee, or anything else.
Mr. DUER. Then 1 shall vote against the pre-
vious question, and I hope that it will npt be sus-
tained by the House.
[Voices. Move to lay the resolution on the
table.]
Mr. DUER. No, I will not make that motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, made the
point of order, that no remarks of any kind were
now m order.
Mr. WOODWARD appealed to the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to withdraw his
motion for two minuter, on his (Mr. W.'a) pledge
to renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS declined, remarking tkat he
believed a large majoiity of the House were satis-
fitd with the resolution as it now stood.
So the SPEAKER stated the question to be on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, desired to
say one word.
[Calls to order.]
Mr. STEVENS. I want to put the record
right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. INGE. I insist upon the question.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot proceed.
