5m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Mr. CLEVELAND rose,^nd desired to pre-
sent, as a point of order, the inquiry whether, if
a gentleman rose and offered a resolution, which
was out of order, but which was received by the
Speaker without any objection on his part, or on
the part of the House, the fact of the non-acdon
or the non-objection by the Speaker, and by the
House, did not legalize the resolution, and make
it in order?
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. SACKETT rose (he sai$) to ascertain
whether there was any charge upon the record,
and he asked the reading of the charge'
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
charge will be read.
Objection was made.
Mr, VAN DYKE rose to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the previous question was sustained,
the effect would be to cut off the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck?]
The SPEAKER said there was no amendment
pending.
Mr. VAN DYKE inquired whether the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio had not been
received ?
The SPEAKER said it had not. The gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] who held the
floor, yielded it, not for the purpose of allowing
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schlnck] to offer
the resolution, but simply that it might be read for
the information of the House; therefore the amend-
ment was not pending.
Mr. SCHENCK, (to the Speaker.) Do I un-
derstand the Speaker to say that my amendment
was not received ?
The SPEAKER answered that the amendment
was not received, and explained.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then 1 hope the House will
vote down the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SACKET^T. I understand there is no
charge upon the record against the Speaker.
[There was great confusion in the Ha l ]
After order had been partially restored,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair states dis-
tinctly that there is but one proposition pending,
and that is the resolution offered by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] as subsequently
modified by him. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] yielded the floor for the purpose
of having the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] lead, to see whether he [Mr.
Stephens] would allow it to be moved—the gen-
tleman from Georgia all the time lelaining the
floor. The gentleman objec.icd to the amendment,
and it was not received; thn-efore, the only prop-
osihon pending before the House, is the resolution
of thegentleman fi om South Carolina, as modified.
And the question, ** Will the House second the
demand for the previous question r" was then
taken, and decidcd in the negative—ayes 73, noes
So there was no second.
Mr. WENTWORTH paid he would occupy
the floor but a very few moments.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and appealed to
the gentleman to yield, to allow him to offer the
amendment which had been read.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he would yield if
he did not thereby lose his right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield the floor ?
Mr. WENTWORTH replied that he did, for
the simple purpose of allowing the gentleman from
Ohio now to offer his amendment to the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK then moved the following as
a substitute for the resolution of Mr. Burt, viz:
Re-ohc</, That after hem in? the statement marie by the
Hon. Proton King, a member of the Hou>e, and the expla- !!
nation of the Speaker, the House is perfectly satisfied that i
there exists no reason for ca-ting censure upon the. ^peakei; 1
but that he did only what he had <i rt^ltt to do in the piop^r !
dischdr^e of Ins duty, as presiding officer, in the correction j
of the journal, j
Mr. WENTWORTH said, after the explana- ;
lion of the Speaker, he was willing to go as far as \
any man on this floor in exonerating him fiom
any wrong in the matter complained of by the !
gentleman from New York. Indeed, it occurred to
hmi that the whole difficulty grew out of a mis- |
understanding upon a point of order. He remem- j,
bered well the introduction of the resolution by jj
the gentleman from New York, and his memory J,
was strengthened by the very singular couise of !
that gentleman in relation to the resolution. Pie \
had hardly introduced it, before he moved to lay j
it on the table himself. The singularity of this
proceeding struck him very forcibly then, and
from that day to this, he haa never been able to
understand his motives in thus disposing of a
resolution which he deemed it necessary to intro-
duce. But he had a right to dispose of it as he
pleased, and also a right to have it go upon the
journal as he wrote it. He wanted it to go on
the journal exactly in that way, and complains
that it did not. The Speaker acknowledges that
he gave orders for the change. As to the facts,
then, there is no difference between the parties.
The question then arises, did the Speaker do
wrong in doing as he did ? The answer must be
determined by the consideration of a point of
order. The gentleman from New York wished to
close the debate on the bill which he considered is
now before the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, when that committee, as the
Speaker understands it, and as I understand it, is
now considering the California message only, and
this House officially knows of no bill being before
[ the committee. "What do your journals show?
I They show that we go into committee on the
! California message of the President, and make no
allusion to a California bill. What does your
chairman say, when he takes his seat? He says,
the first thing in order is the California message,
and says nothing of any bill. What does he say
when he reports to the House ? I-le says the com-
mittee has had under consideration the President's
message in relation to California, and says nothing
of a California biii. The House has referred no
California bill to the committee, and there is no
knowing yet that the committee will ever consider
any California bill. It may take up a joint resolu-
tion, or it may take up (as some are desirous of
doing) an omnibus bill, disposing of all our new ter-
ritories together. To be sure, the gentleman from
Wisconsin has given notice of his intention to
pffer a certain bill, when the debate shall be closed,
and that bill has been printed for the use of the
House. 1 contend that the gentleman from Wis-
consin has the control of that bill now, and can
withdraw it, if he pleases. It is his bill then, and
not the committee's, and much less does it belong
to the House. There is, then, no bill to close the
debate upon, nor can any bill be entertained by
the committee, until the debate is closed. The
gentleman from New Yotk wanted to stop debate,
and get the bill before the House; and I would
like to do so too, if I could. The Speaker, how-
ever, knowing that the California message was the
only thing that debate could be closed upon, na-
turally concluded that the gentleman intended to
close debate on the message, and had the journal
changed to read accoidingly. The journal, how-
ever, is not understood to be made up until it is
read to the Bouse; and each member js presumed
to listen and to see if it is toirect; and a motion
to correct or amend the journal is always a privi-
leged motion. The journal, as it now stands,
was read to this House, and no correction was then
asked for. Plad the Speaker oidered the change
after the journal had been read to the House, the
matter would have been quite different. The
whole difficulty arises, then, out of a misundei-
standing of the Speaker m relation to the intention
of the gentleman from New York. So believing,
I am sincerely desirous to vote for a resolution
that will exonerate the Speaker, to the fullest ex- ;
tent, and there stop.
The gentleman from New York says the journal
now neither gives his resolution, nor the intention
of his resolution; of course, then, he has a right
to call the attention of the House to the matter
and he has taken his own way to do so. H e may
put a different construction upon the motives of j
the Speaker, from what I do; and in this day of !
free thought and free speech, he has a right to i
make known that construction. And 1 am not'
going, as honest as I believe the Speaker in hi.s i
intentions, to give any vote that can be construed, 1
or even misconstrued, into the least particle of
censure upon him, for insisting upon what he be- 1
lieves is right, although I may believe him wron®-.
Mr. McLAJNE interposed, and stating' (hat the ,
resolution did not propose to censure the gentle- 1
man from New York, [Mr. King,] suggested that j
the gentleman from Illinois dispense with his ■
remaiks upon a vote of censure, until such a vote ;
was proposed to be taken. j
Mr. WENTWORTH said it was hard, amid I
the general scramble, to get the floor; and while i
he occupied it, he should free his mind. These
are exciting times. We hear of schemes and plots
continually. Men's suspicions and jealousies
were aroused; and he believed that if any man
even suspfected the Speaker to be wrong, instead
of being entitled to censure, he ought to be
encouraged in proclaiming his suspicions. The
House was very much excited, and he feared that,
in its anxiety to do the Speaker justice, it might
do a gross wrong to the gentleman from New
York. He was sorry to hear the intemperance of
language and resolutions. It looked as if there
was a design to browbeat and censure a devoted
frignd of the rights of free labor, and one of the
ablest men in the free States, because he, in his
zeal for free-soil, had dared question the motives
of a southern Speaker. Sir, censure that man,
even constructively, and you kindle a fire through
the whole North, which the efforts of every man
on this floor, and in the galleries, and in the city,
cannot allay. Your conduct will be accounted for
solely with reference to the excitement growing
out of the question now agitating this House and
this country. The intemperance of this House
has already made one political martyr, and doomed
him to a perpetual seat on this floor. Impeach,
in the remotest, degree, the conduct or the motives
of the gentleman from New York, and you have
a similar martyr. He stands too high in the affec-
tions of one of the most patriotic and enlightened
constituencies in this country, to be injured by any
opinion you may express of his conduct this day;
and I believe he is actuated solely by his sense of
his own duty.
Much then as I would he pleased to exonerate
the Speaker, I cannot support the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina; and if that reso-
lution is forced to a vote, I will not vote at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interposing.) Will my
colleague allow me to put him a single question ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman says
the construction placed upon the resolution of the
gentleman from New York was perfectly cor-
rect, does he not?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I say, I so believe.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 ask if, entertaining
this opinion, my colleague is willing to let the
gentleman from A'cw York go, after hearing this
explanation, made by the Speaker, when he rises
and reiterates the charge.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have nothing to do
with the conduct or motives of the gentleman
from New York. He is a Representative upon
this floor, from the State of New York, and is
bound to do what he believes to be his duty, and
is accountable, not to this House, but to his con-
stituency. The Speaker is our presiding officer.
His official conduct is arraigned, and 1 am ready
to give my vote on that subject, being now the only
subject before the House.
A resolution would carry more weight with it,
and would be more gratifying to the friends of the
Speaker, as it must be to himself, if drawn so as
to pass this House unanimously, which it cannot
do as now worded; and I believe the best way to
settle this question is, to amend the journals so
that the resolution of the gentleman from New
Yoik shall read as he drew it up, and pass a vote
exonerating the Speaker to the fullest extent, with-
out any allusion to the gentleman from New York,
Mr. VENABLE. I think that the discussion
upon this subject, and everything which has taken
place, must be sufficient to convince every gentle-
man that it is impossible to present this matter in
such a way as to get a unanimous vote upon it.
I therefore regret that the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] has withdrawn his mo-
tion for a committee.
Mr. HOLMES, (in his seat.) I renew it.
Mr. VENABLE. If the gentleman fromSouth
Carolina will renew his motion to raise a select
committee of nine members, to investigate this
charge, 1 shall be extremely gratified. If the
gentleman does not see fit to renew it, hoping that
I shall not be placed upon that committee, I will
renew it.
Mr. HOLMES rose and renewed his motion for
the appointment of a select committee of nine
members to investigate the whole subject.
The SPEAKER announced the first question to
be upon this motion.
Mr. VENABLE. I wish to be heard upon this
subject for a moment. I am satisfied that the
