1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
when the resolution was adopted. I will not aver
that there was any preconcerted action among the
Whig members, in accordance with which they
convened at that particular time, with a view to
this particular action. Piobably a secret sym-
pathy concentrated simultaneously their minds,
and attracted their persons to the committee-room
on that morning, without reference to any action
which was to be had! Democratic members may
be held excusable, however, for esteeming it some-
what strange that all the Whig members were so
conveniently present at that particular meeting,
when there was but one Democrat to say "nay"
to the resolution.
The report charges Mr. Ritchie and Mr. Seng-
stackwith refusingtoanswercertain interrogatories.
It is usual in a court of justice for a witness to be
required to swear to " the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth." The commits de-
parted from this rule, and required a witness to
depose to " the truth and nothing but the truth,"
but refused to permit him to state <( the whole
truth," lest it should implicate Whig officehold-
ers in some disreputable transaction—a catastrophe
which the Whig portion of the committee reso-
lutely declared it was not their design to bring
about—was not the purpose for which the com-
mittee was appointed. Mr. Sengstack, findinghe
could only be permitted to tell the truth in part,
declined answering altogether. Mr. Ritchie, in
answer to one branch of the inquiries embraced in
the resolution under which the committee was ap-
pointed, stated generally that he must be excused
from betraying the correspondents of his paper.
He was then a^ked, " Was the author of the com-
munication in the Union of September 12, 1848,
and officeholder embraced in the resolution of the
House?" which question he respectfully declined
answering, for the reason previously given.
The reference in this interrogatory to the com-
munication in the Union of September 12, 1848,
makes such communication a legitimate subject of
discussion before the House. 1 have here the
Union of that date, (holding it up,) and find some
half dozen anonymous communications in it. Of
which of these did the chairman of the committee
desire the authorship? 1 confess I know not—
nor do 1 believe does any other member of the
committee, except the chairman. It must have
been an important communication,containing grave
and weighty matters—charges perhaps of a serious
character against General Taylor or other prom-
inent Whig; or else the chairman surely would
not now esteem it of such preeminent importance
as to make a refusal to answer a question relative
to its authorship the subject-matter of a special
report to the House, asking for its advice in the
premises, and follow such leport with a resolution
requiring that the recusant be arraigned at the bar
of the House for trial.
We will glance at the communications, and see
which, if any, contains matter entitling it to the
importance the report has given it. The first is
upon the subject of the pamphlet Life of General
Cass. It is preceded, however, by an editorial,
stating that it was written by the author of that
pamphlet. As the chairman and committee knew
who that author was without asking Mr. Ritchie,
this of course cannot be the communication re-
ferred to in the resolution. The next is an article
upon the subject of the veto; one which any man
would esteem it an infliction to read before, elec-
tion, and which could not have the least import-
ance after that event. The next is a very harm-
less and good-natured article, charging General
Taylor with being a candid old General, of an
" honest mind," because of his confession in one
of his letteis of his incompetency to peiform
the duties of the Presidency. The next two
are from abroad—one from Ohio and onefrom Vir-
ginia—upon the subject mostly of local elections,
into which it cannot be supposed the chairman
wishes to inquire. The next and last is headed,
"Another gun spiked. The Michigan witness
blown sky high;" andjs devoted to refuting charges
against General Cass*. This, I opine, must be the
communication referrtdto in the interrogatory. My
reason for so supposing is, not that the article con-
tains anything of present, or much of past import-
ance, but that the " Michigan witness," who
was so unceremoniously " blown sky-high," has
since alighted upon terra jhma, and was in this
city at a period not very remote from the time at
which the interrogatory was put to Mr. Ritchie;
and the interrogatory, I fancy, was put at his
(Michigan witness) instigation, lor the purpose of
enabling him to ascertain who had taken the liberty
to " blow" him k< sky-high."
None of these communications can have had any
other than a trivial importance at the time they
were written, and even that was wholly lost after
election, leaving them unworthy the attention of
the House, or the committee, or any one of its
members. Then why did the chairman [Mr.
Stanly] and his Whigassociatesattempttocreate
a mountain from such a mole-hill? The House
and the country have a right to demand an answer
to this question. As a member of the committee,
I shall answer it to the best of my knowledge and
belief. The reason is to be found, not in the com-
munication itself, or m any necessity lor knowing,
or real desire to know its author, but in the nature
and trifling character of the facts elicited by the
committee; in the ridiculous position in which the
party majority (Whig) of the committee found
itself placed by its failure to hunt up a single dis-
reputable act against any number of Democratic
officeholders. They found (in language which
i think the honorable chairman has been heard to
use) that the investigation was all " tomfoolery;"
and they wished it to quietly die, that they might
never be called upon lor a report in full, in which
they would have little to report except their self-
stultification. Hence this " repoit in part" was
made, with the full expectation that its trifling
character would induce the House to lay it upon
the table. It might then be very convenient to
aver that nothing more could be done by the com-
mittee, as the House had refused to compel wit-
nesses to answer.
That such was the true motive dictating the re-
port, I infer further from one of the closing sen-
tences of the remarks of the chairman, [Mr
Staklt,J after sending the report to your desk,
and which sentence 1 will read:
" He had no wish to consume the time of the House by
any furihei remarks; ins only object being lo obtain sut-U
action on the part ot the Uou*e a> would be an instruction
to the committee m the lurther prosecution ot the investi-
gation wuh winch they had been charged, if it uas the desire
oj Ike House that thii investigation should be continued
I cannot permit the yesterday's remarks of
the member from Maryland [Mr. Evans] to pass
unnoticed. I am not Mr. Ritchie's.apologist for
any act of omission or commission. 1 disagree
with him on more than one subject, and among
others, on the sectional and slavery controversy
now pending. But I trust political differences
will never so prejudice me as to induce me to be-
come the Billingsgate personal assailant of any one
who is older, and may well claim to be a better
man than myself; or to permit such assault by
others to pass unnoticed, when made in connection
with a subject which it has been my duty to aid
in part in investigating, as in this instance. It ill
becomes any one of the age of the gentleman from
Maryland and myself, who by some fortuitous
circumstances may happen to occupy a seat in
Congress, and is indebted perhaps to that for all
of notoriety he possesses, to assail with rancor-
ous personalities a man much his senior—a man
who, whatever political errors may be chargeable
to him, has ever borne the character of a good
citizen and honorable gentleman; who has for
forty yeais been a leading political editor, giving
tone and sentiment to tnousands of merit, and
patriotism, and talent, equal to whatever of those
qualities the gentleman from Maryland may pos-
sess. U ill becomes any verdant politician, like
him and myself, to assail one who has been the
companion and intimate friend of Jefferson, Madi-
son, and Monroe. And any assumption, upon
our part, of that exalted preeminence which the
gentleman fiom Maryland affected above such a
man, will be apt to be charged by the country to
the arrogance of vanity. It is folly, worse than
folly, to assail such a man as "a hoary and vet-
eran slanderer;" to assert of him, as did the gentle-
man from Maryland, that he had been engaged
" for forty years in the propagation of slander
against all noble and truthful men;" and to inti-
mate that no gentleman could propound interroga-
tories " to such a man, the answer to which would
involve a deeper degree of degradation of charac-
ter than that which he has long since brought upon
himself." Such languuge applied to such a man
can only recoil upon its author's head, and should
burn his cheek, if" Upon his brow shame is [not]
ashamed to sit."
Sir, whatever the member from Maryland may
say of Mr. Ritchie, the friends of the latter gen-
tleman—(I claim not to be one of them, having
scarcely a speaking acquaintance with him)—his
friends can truly claim for him the possession of
those qualities which constitute the gentleman,
and which though possessed (as 1 doubt not they
are) by the member from Maryland, are not man-
ifested in scurrilous personal attacks upon one
whose years, services, and talent entitle him to
rank his assailant.
The honorable member charged that the "Union"
was "known to be the lowest sewer of corrup-
tion"—"a common sewer through which the
vilest slanders found their way to the public eye."
No one, who has been long a reader of that pa per 
will believe that so much "sewer" matter was
ever admitted into its columns as is to be found
in the honorable member's yesterday speech, or
ever will be admitted while under us present edi-
torial management. He professed to be acting on
the defensive in thus speaking of Mr. Ritchie;
said he was not in the habit of attacking any one*,,
and challenged any gentleman to point out a single
instance in which he had commenced the attack.
.Let us see, Mr. Speaker, what the facts are in
this case, and who was really the first to attack.
I find in his speech of July 16, (last,) which f now
hold in my hand, that he twice distinctly charges
Mr. Ritchie with a " gross swindle." Is not that
an attack ? Does not the gentleman understand
the meaning of language ? If 1 charge the perpe-
tration of a " gross swindle" upon a man, is it
not a charge which, if substantiated, makes him a
swindler, a villain, in the estimation of the public ?
It was an attack which no honorable man could
permit to go uniepelled. So much volubility as
the gentleman possesses should be accompanied
with a good memory. He should remember what
he does say. " Many a man's tongue shakes out
its master s undoing." It was an attack, and be-
cause replied to in the only manner in which the
assailed could reply—through his paper—the as-
sailant now lustily shouts forth, like another in-
ijured man, whose wrongs are recorded by an
English dramatist—
" He hath wronged mp, indeed he hath; at a word he
hath, behove me; .Robert Shallow, esq-, saiih lie is wronged.'*
I seek in vain in this editorial of the Union,,
(holding up the paper,) in answer to the gentle-
man's charge of "swindle," for evidence of the
paper being a " sewer through which the vilest
slanders find their way." It is not here. I find
the following:
" ft often happens that men are forced to reply to unfound-
ed calumny, because it emanates from tho.^e who are
known to the country; but in tlie present instance we aie
forced to reply to tike criticisms of the konornhle Alexander
Evans, of Maryland, for an opposite reason—because he is
not known to Uie countty."
If this introduces the honorable member to the
public, extends the area of his fame, does it not
rather merit his thanks than the charge of vile
slander? The rest of the article appears to be
devoted to defending the editor from the charge
of"swindle/'preferred against him bythe honor-
able member. I am no lawyer, as is well
known ; but wish to call the attention of the House
for a moment to the law-portion of the gentle-
man 's argument, in which he endeavors to con-
vince us that an editor is under legal compulsion
to betray his coriespondents. For this purpose
he quoted—no! pointed to certain law books upon'
his desk. The exercise of a very small share of
the industry and research which the honorable
member possesses, will enable him to refute his
own argument—for it will enable him to find ju-
dicial decisions declaring that a priest is not com-
pelled to betray the secrets of the confessional, nor
a physician the ailment of his patient. Ifrefusals
to answer questions upon the pait of the gentle-
man's political friends will justify such a refusal
in his estimation upon the part of a Democrat, I
will call his attention to two examples. I find
here, in the report of the Galphm committee, (hold-
ing it up,) that a Whig officcholJer, a witness be-
fore the committee, refused to answer questions;
and refused, among other things, to betray the cor-
respondent of a paper. Whenever a report is
made from another select committee of the House
relative to certain post office charges made against
a member, it will be found that a Whig editor re-
fuses to betray a correspondent of his paper, and
a Whig officeholder refused to answer whether
he was the author of a communication in that
