1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 29,
editor's paper. Do these committees come before
the House with reports, in part, complaining of
matters of this trivial character, asking advice,
arrest of parties, and other legislative steps, at
an expense of time and money to the country?
No, sir; they have too much self-respect—too
much regard for the dignity of the House and the
business of the country. VVhenan editor refuses
to betray a correspondent he but assumes the re-
sponsibility of the authorship of the article in
question. Tnis he has a right to do if he so
pleases, and no man can gainsay the right. In
this instance I presume the editor of the Union
has no disposition to shrink from such responsi-
bility, whenever the honorable chairman of the
committee (Mr. Stanly] will assess the degree
of responsibility to be incurred.
Somewhat was said by the honorable member
from Maryland of the bribery and corruption in
connection with the electieri funds raisedln this
city. If there was either corruption or bribery in
raising or using such funds, (of which there is no
evidence before the committee,) itwas common to
both parties. The funds were raised and used by
both in a similar manner. If the gentleman is
really desirous of exposing attempted bribery—
holding it up to the scorn and condemnation of the
country, I respectfully direct his attention to an
attempt at bribery upon the part of a prominent
Wh>g—Truman Smith—an attempt to bribe the
voters of an entire State, (Indiana,) by holding
out to them a conditional prospect of office—con-
ditional that they should strengthen the ranks of
a Whig administration by sending to this House
Whig members. The bribe was indignantly
spumed, and a proper reward meted to him who
offered it—a people's contemptIf the gentleman
from Maryland wishes to expose corruption, let
him turn his attention to the thousand instances in
which Democratic postmasters have been turned
out of office for interfering in elections, and Whig3
turned in that they might interfere. Among these
instances I would particularly desire his attention
to the case of my friend on my left, from Ken-
tucky, [Mr, Stanton,] who was turned outof a
po.st office, and immediately afterwards the office
flooded by Truman Smith with Whig electioneer-
ing document, which of course were to be dis-
tributed by his Whig successor.
Mr. S TANTON. There was no evidence that
the postmaster (his successor) connived at this
matter.
Mr. FITCH. That makes no difference. They
were sent by a leader of the Whig party for that
purpose, and the new appointee knew what was
expected of him.
A few words lelative to the Democratic portion
of this committee, and I will occupy the attention
of the House no longer. We desired and at-
tempted to enlarge the powers of the committee,
that we might examine into the conduct of Whig
as well as Democratic office-holders. This en-
largement was refused us. We wished "the whole
truth " to be made public—not a partial and gar-
bled version of it. We desired, wherever wrong
exited among officials, to ferret it out without re-
gard to their politics—to expose it, whether m
Whig or Democrat, to the condemnation of the
country, that the proper correction could be ap-
plied.
During the delivery of Mr. Fitch's remarks—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, interposed, and
asked if the gentleman from Indiana was about to
take up Mr. Ritchie's quarrel?
Mr. FITCH replied, that he had just disavowed
it. Yet he was willing to do him justice. He
would not sit quietly and hear any man, though
ditfermg with him as a politician, assail him as
he was assailed yesterday.
Mr. EVANS ay;ain interposed, and said, Mr.
Ritchie was a>>le to defend himself, and that the
gentleman fiom Indiana should not indulge in
personalities towards him, for he would not sub-
mit to them.
Mi. FITCH said, that no threats would induce
him to fin bear saying what it was in order for
him to soy.
Mr. EVANS said a word in reply, of which
nothing; was heard by the reporter.
Mr. PITCH Said, I cannot hear a word the
gentleman says. 1 might as well resume my re-
ks.
Mr. EVANS again interposed, and asked wheth-
er, in the allusion Mr. Fitch had made to Mr.
Ritchie being a gentleman, &c., he intended to
imply that he (Mr. E.) wa3 not a gentleman ?
Mr. FITCH. Did I not tell you that I sup-
posed you were possessed of all the attributes of
a gentleman ?
Mr. EVANS said, that the gentleman from In-
diana had made an attack against him more in the
way of inuendo than direct charge. But he desired
to ask that gentleman to say explicitly, whether, in
any of the remarks which had fallen from him, he
desired to make a personal difference with him.
Mr. FITCH (Mr. Evans yielding for the pur-
pose) replied, that he had been replying to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Maryland made
yesterday- He had heard but a few words of
what had fallen from that gentleman this morning.
But he disavowed any intention to make any per-
sonal attack on that gentleman.
Mr. EVANS (resuming) said, that in that case
he would go into no further remark on that point.
He would only remark, that when a member of
this House rises in his place, and indulges himself
on a question in which he has himself no personal
interest, but which relates only to a third party, in
strictures on another member; when he so far steps
out of the regular course of discussion as to assail
another member, he does that which is emphati-
cally improper and indefensible. It was a course
which he had not expected in the gentleman from
Indiana. And he would now say to thatgenileman,
and in so saying he (Mr. E.) disavowed any design
to make a personal threat, that he could not permit
such language to be applied to him.
The language he had used yesterday in refer-
ence to Mr. Rr.chie may have been harsh. It was
intended to be so to a certain extent. But it was
not proper for the gentleman from Indiana to take
him to task for such expression of his sentiments.
He would now say, that after the disavowal of the
gentleman from Indiana, he should not regard what
had been said as personal; but he desired to add,
that if such remarks were repeated here, after his
avowal that they were offensive, he should con-
sider them personal.
Mr. FITCH. My remarks will be reported.
Mr. EVANS. In relation to the remarks he
had made when the question concerning the public
printing was under discussion here, it was impos-
sible that they could be understood as having refer-
ence to Mr. Ritchie alone. They were applicable to
the whole system under which the public printing
is executed. He had never contemplated any per-
sonal attack on Mr. Ritchie. The report of his
remarks had not been revised by himself, and per-
haps may have made them a little stronger than
they were as delivered; and, in a day or two after-
wards, the Union came out with an assault upon
him. Now it was not his practice to make attacks
which were personal in their character. He had,
at the time, stated that he intended no impeach-
ment of the personal character of Mr. Ritchie. He,
nevertheless, now repeated, that when the report
of the select committee on printing should come
before the House, all that he had previously as-
serted would be fully justified. That was what he
had stated, and it couid not be got rid of.
So much as to Mr. Ritchie and the public prim-
ing. The gentleman from Indiana, who had taken ;
it on himself to get up here as the defender of j
Thomas Ritchie  j
Mr. CARTTER said he desired to ask of the j
Speaker if the morning hour had not expired? i
The SPEAKER replied that it had not. !
Mr. EVANS resumed. The gentleman from !
Indiana had taken a stand which his o^n sense of j
propriety would not justify. He had done noth- j
ing to cull for the attack which had been made on :
him by that gentleman. If the gentleman from
Indiana, had indeed acted under some secret and '
powerful influence—if he desired to win the friend- !
ship of the editor of a powerful press by stepping i
forward m his defence—then, indeed, he might !
justify to himself the course of remarks he had 1
adopted. But to him (Mr. E.) the remarks of that i
gentleman appeared to be exceedingly improper !
and entirely uncalled for. And lie must tell that !
gentleman again, that he would not suffer such re- ;;
marks to be repeated to him.
The gentleman fiom Indiana, as he understood
him, lmd disclaimed any intention of acting in a
manner which could be regarded as petsonal to
him. He had, in the progress of the debate, asked
the gentleman if he intended, by his inuendo that
he (Mr. E.) was no gentleman, and that he had
acted the part of a slanderer, to cast any personal
imputation on him. The gentleman from Indiana
made no reply. He had put the question to him
again when he concluded; and he had then under-
stood him to disclaim any such intention. He
could not therefore take it upon himself to imagine
that such language had been used at all. But if
a dispute of this kind between Thomas Ritchie
and hirtiself should hereafter occur, he would ad-
vise the gentleman from Indiana to leave Mr.
Ritchie to take care of himself. Mr. Ritchie had
great experience in these matters, and understands
pretty well how to act in his own defence. There
was little doubt that Mr. Ritchie would reply to
what he had said concerning him, and would give
him trouble enough. It was not necessary that
any member on this floor should volunteer a de-
fence of him and his journal. And he thought
that^asense of discretion, of the couitesy which
ought to be cherished between members of this
House, ought to prevent them from assailing each
other in this way.
Mr. SCHENCIC said, he had no desire to de-
tain the committee; but unless some other member
of the committee proposed to address the House,
he deemed it necessary that he should say a few
words. A committee had been appointed by this
House, and among other things which it was made
the duty of the committee to inquire into was, as to
who were the correspondents of certain newspa-
pers. Mr. Ritchie was summoned, and required
to give evidence before the committee; and being
asked as to whether any persons who contributed
matter for publication in the columns of the Union
were connected with the public departments of this
Government, he refused to answer the inquiry, on
the ground that there was, by courtesy, a confiden-
tial connection existing between the editors and
ontributors of newspapers which forbade him to
reply to the interrogatory. This was the reason
that he had assigned; and the committee had re-
ported that fact, and desired the oider of the House
thereupon. They desiied to know whether this
refusal was sanctioned by the House—whether the
House would back out from the inquiry, and
whether Mr. Ritchie, as a witness, might at his
pleasure refuse to answer the question that was
put to him, or whether the House would use its
power to compel him to answer?
Mr. EVANS (interposing, and the floor being
temporarily yielded) said, he desired merely to
make an inquiry of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch. J From what gentlemen around him
said, he was led to believe that he had misunder-
stood a remark of the gentleman. He would ask
the gentleman from Indiana for his attention for a
moment.
Mr. INGE objected. It was not in order, he
said, for the gentleman, another member being
in possession of the floor, to make any such in-
quiry.
Mr. EVANS. Cannot the gentleman yield the
floor for this purpose?
The SPEAKER. The floor can only be yielded
for a personal explanation, and not for the pur-
pose of propounding an inquiry.
Mr. STRONG inquired if the morning hour had
expired ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it had not yet ex-
pired.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to t'np. Speaker ) Can-
not the gentleman proceed, if it be the sense of the
House that he have permission to proceed ?
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made the
gentleman can proceed.
Mr. INGE inquired if it did not require unani-
mous consent ?
The SPEAKER said, that the Chair understood
the gentleman fiom Ohio as yielding the floor fur
a personal explanation. The gentleman from
Maryland must confine himself to such explana-
tion.
Mr. EVANS (resuming) said, th§t when he
was addressing the Hoube a little while ago,
among other things he had asked the gentleman
from Indiana whether, in what he had said, he had
intended any personal offence to him; and he had
understood the gentleman to say that he had not.
He was at the time glad to hear the disavowal of the
gentleman, and was satisfied with it. Immediately
afterwards, however, as he was informed by gentle-
men around him, the gentleman from Indiana, on
turning away, was understood to Ray, that the
gentlemen from Maryland might, if he chose,
