1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
consider his remarks as offensive. He desired
to ask 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. FITCH (interposing) said, the informant
of the gentleman from Maryland is mistaken. I
only said that my remaiks would be reported. I
had already disclaimed personal attack, and said
nothing further m regard to it.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor. His re-
marks were bat imperfectly heard by the reporter.
He was understood to say, that the question raised
by the report which had been submitted by the
committee, was a question for the House as a
court of justice to decide.
Mr. McDONALD (interposing) inquired of the
Speaker if the morning hour had expired?
The SPEAKER replied that it had.
Mr. McDONALD then moved that the House
proceed to the consideiation of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion having been agreed to, the House
proceeded to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill from the Senate proposing to
the State of Texas the establishment of her north-
ern and western boundaries, the relinquishment by
the said State of all territoiy claimed by her ex-
terior to said boundaries, and of all her claim upon
the United States.
And the pending question was on the amend-
ment offered yesterday by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd.]
Mr. BOYD took the floor.
Mr. MEADE. 1 rise to a point of order. 1
understood the Speaker to announce that the un-
finished business was the consideration of the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Boyd.]
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] to suspend his remarks
until order had been restored in the Hall.
After a pause—
Mr. MEADE proceeded. My point of order
is made under the 27th rule of the House. Until
1 read the rule this morning, I supposed the first
business m order would be the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd.] But X
find, on reading the rule, that after the expiration
of the morning hour, the following provision is
made m the third clause:
" Bills arid resolutions from the Senate on their first and
second reading shall be referred to committees, find put
undo! wav ; hut if, on being read a second time, no motion
be made io commit, they are to be ordoied lo their thud
reading, unless objection be made ; in which CHi,e, if not
othejwise ordered by a majority of the House, they are to
be laid on the table in the general file of bills on the
Speaker's table, to be taken up in their turn."
{ understand that this bill is now on its third
reading. That being the case, the rule requires
that this bill shall be laid upon the Speaker's
table in the general file of bills to betaken up in
their turn. I submit that the rule is peremptory
that the bill, unless otherwise ordered by a ma-
jority of the House, shall be laid upon the Speak-
er's table and taken up in the order of business—
the oider of business being certainly behind bills
and resolutions from the Senate on their first and
second read ins:.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] submits as a point ot order
under the twenty-seventh rule, that the bill now
before the House does not come up at this time,
but must take its place among the bills provided
for in the thud clause of that rule, where they
have been oidered to a third reading. The Chair
overrules the point of order, and states that this
bill is in order as the first business on the Speaker's
table, on the ground that it was the unfinished
business at the time the Hou.se passed from the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table
by adjournment. If the gentleman from Virginia
will examine the rule which he has read, he will
find that it provides for the reference of bills and
for ordering them to a third reading, and where
bills have been read a second time, and no motion
is made to commit, they are to be ordered to a
thud reading, unless objection be made; in which
case (that is" to say, where they are ordered to a
third reading;, and where it is not otherwise
ordered by the House,) they are to be laid on the
table in the general file of bills on the Speaker's
table, to be taken up in their turn. Where the
House has ordered the bill to a third reading, the
question arises, when shall the bill have its third
reading? A majority can order it to a third read-
ing immediately, if it is engrossed. If it is not
engrossed, it cannot be read a third time should ob-
jection be made.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said: On yes-
terday I examined this question now raised by the
gentleman from Virginia, and decided by the Chair;
and as J dissent from the decision of the Chair, 1
feel constrained to appeal from that decision.
Some time since we had under consideration a j|
bill from the Senate, granting alternate sections of
land to the railroad from Mobile by Cairo to Chi- \\
cago; that bill has been read a second time, an jj
amendment was offered and is now pending, the ]
previous question was also moved; at this stage of i
the bill the House passed to other business. With-
out a close examination, 1 had supposed this bill i
would be the first in order when we reached the I
business on the Speaker's table. But under the ;
27th rule, under your decision, this bill was made
to yield a preference to Senate bills on their first
and second reading, and 1 became convinced, on
inquiry, that this arrangement was correct.
The language of the rule is distinct and intelli-
gible; the 3d class of business is *«■ Bills and reso-
lutions horn the Senate, on their first and second
reading, that they be referred to committees and put
under v ay. But if on being read a second time,
no motion be made to commit, they are to be or-
dered to their third reading, unless objection be
made. In which, case, if not otherwise ordered by
a majority of the House, they are to be laid on
the table in the general file of bills on the Speaker's
table, to be taken in their turn." Now, this is a
Senate bill; it wa? taken up and read the first and
second time; no motion was made to commit; the
question is now upon ordering it to its third reading,
and objection is made. The precise case con-
templated by the rules is now before us, which re-
quires it to be laid on the table m the general file
of bills, unless the majority of the House hay
otherwise ordered. Now, we all know it has
not been otherwise ordered—the House has taken
no order about U; and however willing I may be
to proceed with this business—indeed I want the
issue to come, but m order to effect this 1 will not
do violence to the rules.
The 4th class of bills is " Engiossed bills and
bills from the Senate on their third reading." This
is, in my opinion, a bill from the Senate on the third
reading, and should take its proper place on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Mississippi is certainty wrong in supposing
that the practice stated by him has been the uni-
form practice of the House. So far as this session
is concerned, the only case similar to this which
has arisen, has been treated precisely in the man-
ner in which it is proposed to treat this Senate
bill; and I submit, that if any other course is taken
than that suggested by the Chair, there is no place
at all provided under the 27th rule where this bill
can go. Now, if thegentleman from Virginia will
read the third clause of the 27th rule, he will find
that when Senate bills come in upon their second
reading, and aie read a second time, if no motion
is made to commit them, the bills are in position to
be ordered to a third reading. Now, no motion to
commit was made, and the question is, shall the
bill be ordered to a third reading. And until the j
question is taken, the 27th rule could not execute
itself upon the bill. This rule provided, that if no
motion was made to commit the bill, the question
necessarily presented itself, Shall the bill be read
a third time? No motion to commit was made,
and the question being on ordering the biil to a
third readme, it was the parliamentary right ot a
member to move an amendment. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] obtained the floor, and
did move an amendment: and he submitted that
the gentleman from Kentucky was rightfully enti-
tled to the floor, and that his amendment was the
question first in order. No other course could be
taken. But the argument submitted by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi would leave this bill alto-
gether out of the rule. He submitted to the gen-
tleman, what would become of the bill which had
been read a second time, and upon which no mo-
tion was made to commit?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. It will go
upon the Speaker's table as a matter of course.
Mr. McLANE. Under what clause of the
rule?
Mr. THOMPSON. Under the 4th clause.
Mr. McLAiNE. Not at all. The 4th clause re-
lates to " engrossed bills and bills from the Senate
on their reading." This bill is not on its third read-
ing—not until it is ordered by the House to be read
a third time, does it come under the 4th clause.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (the floor
being yielded) wished to call the attention of the
gentleman from Maryland to the exact wording
of the rule: " but if, on being read a second time,
'no motion be made to commit, they are ordered
* to a third reading unless objection be made; in
' which case, if not otherwise ordered by a ma-
jority of the House, they are to be laid on the
' table in the general file of bills on the Speaker's
4 table, to be taken up in their turn.'' The rule
makes no difference between the second and third
reading.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi cannot escape the phraseology of this 3d
clause: "but if, on being read a second time, no
4 motion be made to commit, they are to be ordered
' to their third reading, unless objection is made;"
and then follows the 4th clause, which relates to
bills which have thus been ordered to a third read-
ing. I submit it is indispensable that there shoultl
be an order for the third reading, and the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] proposes to have
it amended, before he is willing to have it read a.
third time. Unless so amended he is opposed to
the third reading—the case is clear.
Mr. JONES. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair if
this is a debatable question ? is it not a question
of the priority of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would probably
have considered it a question relating to the pnor-
ity of business. But it is an important question,
and the Chair was inclined to indulge debate. The
point of order, however, being made, be feels com-
pelled to arrest the discussion.
Mr. ASHMUN. Believing that all this debate
is unnecessary, 1 move to lay the appeal on the table.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the motion of Mr. Ashmun; and said he would
state to the gentleman from Mississippi,and to the
House in reference to the bill from the Senate to
which thegentleman referred, granting lands to the
Mobile and Chicago Railroad, that that bill did
not stand in the same condition as the bill now
under consideration, as thegentleman from Missis-
sippi conceived. If thegentleman was correct in
his recollection of the facts, the Chair would rule
that that bill would have priority over any other
business upon the Speaker's table, and would
come up as this bill did. But there was this differ-
ence in the state of facts : the bill now before the
House was taken up as business on the Speaker's
table, and ordered to its first and second leading,
and the question being upon ordenng it to a third
reading, the House adjourned—leaving it the first
business on the Speaker's table. But the bill re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Mississippi was
taken up as business on the Speaker's table, it is
true, and was read a first and second time, and then
referred to one of the standing committees of the
House, by which committee it was reported back,
and brought before the House and considered as
morning hour business, and no motion being made
to commit it, the House parsed to other business,
and the bill went upon the Speaker's table in that
class of business to which it belongs.
Mr. MEADE. I rise for the purpose of un-
derstanding 
Mr. ASHMUN called the gentleman to order.
Mr. MEADE. 1 rise for the purpose of obtain-
ing information.
The SPEAKER stated that remarks were out
of order.
Mr. MEADE, (still retaining the floor.) I want
to know what we are voting upon. I want to know
in what condition this bill is. it has been read
twice; is it upon the third reading or not?
Mr. ASHMUN again inter posed, to call the
gentleman from Virginia to order.
The SPEAKER said the bill was upon its third
reading. The question was, first, on the amend-
ments: if no amendments had been offered, the
question would be directly upon ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. MEADE. Then do I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky has
the effect of an objection to the third reading?
