1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 29.
The SPEAKER. Not at all. The question
upon the amendment must be disposed of before
the question upon ordering the bill to a third read-
ing can be taken.
Mr. MEA.DE again addressed the Chair, and
was again called to order by Mr. Ashmun.
The SPEAKER., (to Mr. Meade) This con-
versation is out of order. Remarks are objected to.
Mr. MEADE. From that decision 1 take an
The SPEAKER. From what decision ?
Mr. MEADE. From the decision that I am
out of order in inquiring of the Speaker as to the
precise state of the question now before the House.
The SPEAKER. One appeal is pending, and it
ia not in order to make another until the first shall
have been disposed of.
Mr MEADE was understood (though very
doubtfully heard) to say that that decision deprived
him of his rights.
The SPEAKER (also very doubtfully heard,
for the reason that he turned away from the re-
porter) was understood to say, that because but
one appeal could be entertained the Chair was uni-
formly disposed to indulge gentlemen in similar
circumstances, and was extremely reluctant to
enforce the ruie which prohibited debate; but ob-
jection being" made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and others, the Chair had been com-
pelled to arrest the gentleman's remarks.
The gentleman from Mississippi (the Speaker
added, had submitted the point of order, that this
bill did not come up as unfinished business upon
the Speaker's table: the Chair had overruled the
point of order for the reasons he had stated to the
House; from this decision the gentleman from
Virginia had taken an appeal, and the gentleman
from Massachusetts had moved to lay the appeal
on the table. The question was first, Shall the ap-
peal be laid unon the table?
Mr. ME.^DE. I ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER propounded the question upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question hemg taken,
The SPEAKER stated thatbut twenty-one gen-
tlemen had risen in the affirmative—not a sufficient
number.
Mr. MEADE asked for tellers on ordering the
yens and nays.
Telleis were ordered, and Mr. Featherston
and Mr. Tuck were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported ayes 23, noes 106.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question, Shall the appeal be laid on the
table? was taken, and decided in the affirmative,
without a division.
Mr. MEADE addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Boyd] is entitled to the floor upon the
amendment which he has offered.
Mr. MEADE said a word, which was entirely
lost to the reporter.
The SPEAKER (in reply) said, the question
was first upon agieeing to the amendment.
Mr. BOYD rose to address the Speaker.
Mr. BURT rose simultaneously, and said: I
claim the floor from the gentleman from Kentucky.
1 do not know that the motion I propose to make
is of a privileged nature, but I think that the Chair
yesterday was m error in holding that, as the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky was upon the floor to move
an amendment, it was not in order for me to move
to commit the bill. The rule which has just been
read, as the House will remember, is in these
words, or so much of it as relates to the point
which I make! k' But if, on being read a second
time, no motion be made to commit, they are to
be ordered to their third reading, unless objection
be made." My point is, that, before the gentle-
man from Kentucky can move an amendment to
the bill, 1 have the right, to move to commit it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and I put it upon the explicit language of
the rule itself. Besides that, it is very obvious
that if I could not rule the gentleman from Ken-
tucky off the floor for the purpose of moving to
commit the hill, the motion to commit the bill never
could be made; the gentleman has the r'ght 'vhen
he offers his amendment, and makes such remarks
as he may choose to offer respecting it, imme-
diately to move the previous question, which you
know would cut off the right to move to commit
the bill. 1 submit, therefore, as a point of order,
that I have a prior right to move to commit this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from South
Carolina. The provision of the rule is as follows:
" But if, on being read a second time, no motion
be made to commit, they are ordered to their third
reading, unless objection be made.'' In the opinion
of the Chair, the motion—whether to commit or
to amend, is dependent upon the wilt of the indi-
vidual who obtains the floor. This provision of
the rule, as the Chair understands it, does not
necessarily require that the floor shall be given to
any member who may desire to make the motion
to commit, but simply directs the Chair how to
proceed provided no motion at all be made. It
points out the mode in which the bill shall pro-,
ceed through its various stages after its first and
second reading provided no motion intervene. If
the gentleman from Kentucky, the gentleman from
South Carolina, or any other member, had made
no motion on the subject, the rule provides that
the Chair shall propound the question—upon
ordering the bill to a third reading. That is the
construction placed upon the rule by the Chair:
in his opinion, it does not require the floor to be
given to the gentleman from South Carolina after
the gentleman from Kentucky has taken it and
while he is upon the floor.
Mr. BURT. I must appeal from the decision of
the Chair—and i beg the House distinctly to un-
derstand that I do not do it with any purpose of
delay. I am in favor of commuting this bill; and
I beg the House to remember this—I will not say
that it is the case here—but I will say that the
Speaker of the House might know that a member
of the House might desire to move an amendment
which would cutoff, according to the decision of
the Chair, the prior right to commit the hill. The
Speaker might recognize that member as entitled
to the floor, and unless the right to move to com-
mit the bill be recognized as a prior right, as a
paramount right, that motion never can be made.
The question being, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
Mr, PHELPS said tie desired to understand the
question now propounded to the House—and he
therefore inquired whether the motion which the
gentleman from South Carolina desired to make
was a motion to commit or not?
The SPEAKER replied, that thegentleman from
South Carolina had risen and, avowing his inten-
tion to move to commit the bill, claimed the floor
upon the ground that he was entitled to make that
motion, although the gentleman from Kentucky
had previously obtained the floor and moved an
amendment arid had not relinquished the floor.
Mr. BURT, if the Speaker will allow me, I
desire to say this- 
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Phelps.) Does the
gentleman from Missouri yield the floor?
Mr. PHELPS replied affirmatively.
Mr. BURT. I say I rose and claimed the floor
to move to commit the bill; that is my purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood it.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire further to know, if the
motion to commit is made pending the motion to
amend, whether the motion to commit will not
have the precedence ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit, when
received, has precedence over the motion to amend.
Mr. ASHMUN. 1 move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. BURT. I ask the yeas and nays. I desire
to see how far this arrangement will go.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, u Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken, and resulted—yeas 154, nays 54; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
Baker, Bay, Bealo, Bissell, Bokce, Bowie, Boyd, Breck,
Bugg;^, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester
Butler, Tiiorna< B. Butlei, E. (J. Cabell, Joseph Cable, G. A.
Caldwell, Jo-eph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Canter,
Cas-ey, C :andler, Chngman, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corvvin,
CroWfcjl, Deberry, Dickey, Dimmiek, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Evvmg,
Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore, Goimau,
Gould, Green, Gunnel!, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Hamp-
ton, Haralson, Harlan, kham G Harris, Hay, Havmond,
Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland, Houston,
Howard, Hunter, Joseph W. jackson, William T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, K'-n,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S6ie,
Letfier, Littlefieid, Job Mann, Marshall, Maite&on, McCler-
nand, MaDonalU, McDowell, McGaughey, McKissocfc, Me-
Lanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, Mt Mullen,
Meaeham, Moore, Morebead, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Ofie}Oid^, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Pea^lee, Phelps,
Phoenix, Pitman, Potter,Reynolds, Richardson,Robbing Rob-
inson, Rockwell, Ro*e, Ro*s, Runisey, Savvfelle, Schenok,
Sohermerhorn, Suepperd, Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Stet-
son, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Tnompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tlmnnan, Toombs,
TueTc, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo,
Walking, Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Wbiuleoey, WiJ-
dnek, Williams, Wilson, Wood, and Young—1.54.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bf.n-
nett, Bmyham, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown,
Burt, Oolcoek, Daniel, Disney, Do}y, Durkee, Edinundson,
Featherston, Fowler, Giddlnijs, Goit, HalJowa), Sampson
W. Harris, Holmes, Hovve, Hubbard, Inge, Robert W. John-
son, Julian, Preston Kins, i-loraoe Mann, Ma-on, McQueen,
MeWillte, Meade. Millson, Morris, iVlorse, Oir, Peck, Pow-
ell, Putnam, Root, Sackrtt, Savage, Seddou, Spauldmg,
Frederick jp. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Venable, Wallace, Wilmot, and Woodward—54.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BOYD then resumed the floor. The amend-
ment, he said, which I had the honor to introduce
yesterday, has been printed in the Congressional
Globe, and is now upon the table of every member
of this House. In various other forms the bill and
the amendment, in all their important features,
have been printed, and have doubtless been well
considered by all of us, I do not propose, there-
fore, because 1 regard it as entirely unnecessary,
to take up the time of the House in examining the
character of the amendment or of the bill. Hav-
ing taken no part in the very long and able discus-
sions which we have had upon the general question
of slavery, as connected with the Territories ac-
quired from Mexico, 1 did intend, when I first
introduced this amendment, to examine at some
length the propositions embraced in it, as well as
those contained in the bill. But, upon mature re-
flection, I have determined to waive my intention;
to forego the purpose of addressing the House at
any length upon the question which now engrosses
its consideration. Sir, the path is beaten. We
have all investigated each and every proposition
contained either in the bill or in the amendment.
I say that we know—all of us know—what these
propositions are; and I take it for granted that
every member of this House is as well prepared
this moment as he will be next week, or next
year, to say how he will vote in relation to these
propositions. Everything we do—every move-
ment that we make in relation to the delicate and
important questions involved in the propositions
before us, has a consequence in it of the gravest
concern. It has become a matter of importance
whether we shall consider the bills in a connected
or in a separate form. There are various opin-
ions, and various degrees of feeling exhibited in
relation to them. Before I offered my amend-
ment, having avowed my intention to dc* so,
I was approached on the one side and on the
other; and the opinions which I have heard have
been so variant and so conflicting, that I am left
very much in doubt what it is,my duty to do in
relation to this amendment. We have had, m
another branch of this Capitol, a measure which
has been called the omnibus. Piece by piece it
broke down; and there are many gentlemen here
who are unwilling, after it shall have heen coopered
up, to take passage in it. There are many gentle-
men who think that every measure sent to usfrom
the Senate may be passed through this House if
the vote shall be taken singly upon them. Other
gentlemen think that it is impossible to come to any
settlement of the question, unless the California
and other bills shall be connected together, so
as to help each other on. For my own part, I
avow what my object is in offering this amend-
ment. ltisto test the sense of the House in relation
to the establishment of territorial governments
upon the non-intervention principle. I believe
now, as I have always believed before I came here
and since, in every stage of the progress of these
bills through this and the other branch of Congress,
that non-intervention is the principle, and, in fact,
the only principle upon which it would be possi-
ble for this Congress to base any measures for the
establishment of territorial governments. I reli-
giously believe it to be so; and I declare that my
sole object in insisting, as I have done, upon this
amendment, was to bring the House to a test upon
that principle. It is, in my humble judgment, the
principle of the Constitution itself. It is the prin-
ciple which has been sanctioned and advocated by
the Democratic party through the entire country,
North and South. It is acknowledged to be a just
principle by very many persons, even outside of
