1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
believe that the bill whie.h is before the House is
one essential to the great interests, to the peace
and quiet of the country, and I desire it to be
passed, and not be encumbered with anything else.
£ have further to say, that the precise bills which
have passed the Senate shall {if I have the oppor-
tunity to give my vote upon them) receive my
vole as separate and distinct measures. I am will-
ing to vote for cach one of them; but rn case they
should not succeed separately,! am willing to vote
for them all in one bill. But 1 do not consider
th.it the hest policy. I am willing to vote for this
bill, the territorial bills, the California bill, sepa-
rately or together. { believe, however, that each
one of them standing by itself, separately, on its
own merits, will command more strength in this
House. Let us try at least the strength of this
bill, as it stands by itself, unencumbered with any
amendments. If it fails, we can then try what
we can do by connecting other measures with it.
And with the view of the House trying the strength
of it, instead of longer trying the strength of our
lungs and the patience of the House and the coun-
try, I move the previous question.
Mr. BURT appealed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw the previous question,
to enable him to move an amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN declined to withdraw.
Mr. W1LMOT. 1 desire to inquire of the
Speaker, in case these two amendments are voted
down, whether the bill will then be open to amend-
ments if .the previous question is sustained?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The previous
question will not have exhausted itself until the
bill is ordered to be engrossed.
Mr SCHENCK. if the^fe amendments be vo-
ted down—the previous question having been sus-
tained, we shall go on to vote upon the engross-
ment of the bill; in other words, if the previous
question be now sustained, there will be no chance
of modifying the original bill.
Mr. WILMOT. None at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state as to the
effect of the previous question, that the previous
question,if sustained, will bring the House to a
vote, first on the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clikgman] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd,] as amended or not amended, as tiie House
shall, by its vote, determine, and then upon the
engrossment of the bill, before the previous ques-
tion shall have been exhausted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to modify my
amendment, by adding, at the suggestion of my
friend, the following 
Mr WHITE rose toa point of order.
The modification of Mr. Clingman was read,
and is, m substance, as follows :
Jin <1 be it further enacted, That all lows hprptofore
pa=sed bv Congress wherein- slavery in the territories of the
United States w inhibited, be, and the same are hereby re-
pealed."
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Clingman.) Does
the gentleman adopt that as a part of his amend-
ment?
Mr CLTNGMAN. As an additional portion of
my amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As there seems to be some
question as to whether my modification is in order,
I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, then,
that the gentleman's amendment stands in its ori-
ginal form.
Mr. CLINGMAN assented.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose, he said,
to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi will state his point of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
.point of order. Under the 133d rule, this bill
must be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. This rule thus reads:
"All proceedings touching appropriations of money shall
be first discussed in a Committee ot the Whole House.'-'
The language of the rule is as broad and com-
prehensive as it can be,—all proceedings touching
appropriations of money. Now, this bill is cer-
tainly a proceeding touching an appropriation of
money.
What are the provisions of this bill? Clause
4th of the Texas bill provides for a debt of ten
millions of dollars, upon certain conditions, to wit:
The United States, in consideration of said estab-
1690
lishment of boundaries, cession of claim to terri-
tory, and relinquishment of claims, will pay to the
^t °f-'1'eXaS the SUm of"t6n milllons of dollars.
This is a clear promise to pay; and if the bill
stopped there, it mightbe considered as a mere
liability, requiring an appropriation to pav it. But
in clause 5th, the means of payment is provided.
As soon as Texas accepts these propositions, the
President is authorized to liquidate the debt in the
following manner: He shall cause the stock to he
issued in favor of the State of Texas, as provided
in the preceding article. He submitted this ques-
tion: Does this bill not contain a proceeding touch-
ing: an appropriation of money ?
Mr. McCLERNAND again rose, and inquired
whether the point of order was debatable?
The SPEAKER. The point of order is not
debatable. The Chair has examined the point of
order of the gentleman from Mississippi, and is
of opinion that the matter docs not come within
the rule requiring bills to be committed. This
opinion is in conformity with the decision of the
Chair made a few days since and upon appeal sus-
tained by the House. In the opinion of the
Chair, the test of a bill—whether it contains an
appropriation or not, is simple: wherever the pro-
visions of a bill will authorize the officers of the
Government to pay the money out of the Treas-
ury without additional provision of law, it is an
appropriation bill., and comes within the rule; but
where the provisions of a bill merely impose a
liability upon the Treasury, but make no provis-
ion whatever for meeting that liability, the bill
does not come within the rule. That is the de-
cision of the Chair, made, as has before been said,
in conformity with the practice of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. For the
purpose of making myself understood, I shall ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Mississippi that the appeal is not
debatable under the 51st rule of the House.
Mr. INGE called for the reading of the rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
" No. 51. AH incidental questions of order arising after a
motion is made for the previous question, and pending Mich
motion, shall bp decided, whether on appeal or otherwise,
without debate."
Mr. AVERETT, (to the Speaker.) I respect-
fully inquire whetheryou decide thatunder the rules
of this House, a measure appropriating money
must go to the Committee of the Whole—and yet,
that a measure directly involving a liability for
money, and issuing the obligations of the Govern-
ment for its payment, may be legitimately enacted,
without going to the Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no such
decision.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will the
Chair allow me to refer to a case?
The SPEAKER. It will give the Chair pleas-
ure to do so, if the House will permit.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I object, and I move
to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. JONES, (to the Speaker.) Was not the
biil for the increase of the rank and file of the
army passed without having been considered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Cries to order.
Mr. BURTobjected to the g-entleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] proceeding.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I do not
wish to raise captious objections, or objections
which may seem to be so. I withdraw the ap-
peal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ROOT called for tellers.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (to the Chair.)
Is it competent now to move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. Pending the previous ques-
tion, it is not.
Mr. BROWN. Will it be in order if the pre-
vious question is sustained ?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, no motion will be in order.
Mr. BROWN. Then what comes of the right
which a member has, under the rule, to move a
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair conceives that
righ t to be the same as the right to make any other
motion. It can be made when in order, by any
member entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) I desire the
Speaker to state whether, in his opinion, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] can
accept a modification of his amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can at any
time prior to the seconding of the demand for the
previous question, modify his amendment.
Mr. BURT. Then I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] to accept
the modification which I send to the Clerk's table.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. STANLY also objected.
The SPEAKER. These appeals from one gen-
tleman to another, are in the nature of discussions,
and cannot be made if objection is raised.
Mr. BURT. Have I no right to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] to
accept this modification?
The SPEAKER,. Not if objection is made.
Mr. BURT. Is it not a thing which has been
habitually done in this House, and which has
never before been refused by the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has always ruled
that thpse appeals cannot be made, except by
unanimous consent, because they are in the nature
of discussion.
Tellers were then ordered on the demand for the
previous question.
Messrs. Root and Ewing were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 74, noes 107.
So there was not a second.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order to
move an amendment to the original bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The
amendments already pending are amendments to
the original bill.
Mr. BURT. Then I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Speaker.) Is it
in order to move the previous question on that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to
move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and to print.
Mr. BURT assented, yielding the floor at the
same time, with the remark that he did not desire
to debate the motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND now repeated his in-
quiry, whether it was in order to move the pre-
vious question on the motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 move the previous
question
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires that the
House should distinctly understand what the
effect of the previous question, if sustained on the
motion to commit, will be. The first question will
be on the motion to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. If
the House refuse to commit, then the question
will be on the amendments and on the engrossment
of the bill.
Mr. ROOT called for tellers on the previous
question.
Mr. FOWLER inquired of the Speaker whether
the motion to commit covered also the motion to
print?
The SPEAKER said it did.
Mr. FEATHER3TON asked the effect of the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER again explained,
And a brief conversation followed.
Mr. HOLMES, (to the Speaker.) If the House
should sustain the previous question, will not the
effect be the same as if it had sustained the same
motion when made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts? [Mr. Ashmun.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated the
difference in the effect of it, and that difference
arises simply from the fact that another motion
has been made.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Havel a right
to withdraw my motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] can withdraw his motion.
Mr. BURT. I am not disposed to take up the
time of the House. If the bill is amendable, I
withdraw my motion to commit.
