1850.
THE CO NG RESSIONAL GLOBE.
ranee, or exercised in a more exacting spirit. If
the records of the Patent Office can be trusted, or
the representations of those who profess to know
can be credited, there is scarcely any invention in
modern times where larger sums have been taken
from the public. No one subject has been a more
prolific source of litigation, or which gave more
trouble, or consumed more of the time of our
higher courts of justice. In the affidavit of a Mr.
Wilson, of Philadelphia, who appears to have
profited the largest by this monopoly, it is stated
that §150,000 have been paid " for counsel and
court fees;" and he estimates the future litigation
will cost $100,000 more.
If this litigation arose from a spirit of aggression
on the part of those- who have been dragged into
court, there might be some apology for it; but if
it arose from the insecure foundation of the first
patent, and the unjust pretensions of the second,
there is no good excuse for it. Individuals have
been oppressed by it, and the courts of justice
have been occupied with it, for the purpose of
sustaining unjust pretensions. Give to the bill
reported the sanction of law, and you will cut off
litigation by a summary process—allow those
parties to pursue, in the same spirit, without re-
straint, all who would be placed by this bill
within their grasp, and allow them to charge their
own price, as the last proviso in the bill appears
to contemplate, and instead of their returns being
reckoned by thousands and hundrcdsof thousands,
as they now are, they would count their millions
of dollars. Instead of a just privilege for a limited
time, for the proper use of their own invention, it
is believed* you would grant a monopoly of the
improvements of others to a grasping set of selfish
speculators, who have called up the ghost of a
doubtful invention, -and now come here to ask you
to give it life and being, and to clothe it with the
habiliments, and to give it the rights, of merito-
rious inventors, and an unlimited range for pil-
laging the public.
Sir, it is charged, that the parties who come here
for this bill, have procured the extension under the
general law of a patent invalid in itself, and claim-
ing the invention of others as belonging to them-
selves, and of procuring the rejection of the more
meritorious invention.
It is charged that, by misrepresentation and
fraud, a special act of Congress was procured to
be passed long in advance of the expiration of the
extended term under the renewed patent.
It is charged that the passage of that act v/as
brought about by favoritism and powerful per-
sonal influence.
It is charged, that in the surrender and reissue
of the existing patent, a great fraud was committed
under the general patent law, by claiming, for the
invention of Wood worth, all the inventions and
improvements in the planing machine made by
others; and of an endeavor to obtain the sanction of
Congress to allow them to draw into one sweeping
net, ail the fiuits of the toil and ingenuity of these
other inventors.
It is charged that these parties have used the
powers, thus wrongfully obtained, in an oppres-
sive and extortmate manner; that they have ex-
acted and received large sums of money, and more
than enough to reward the most meritorious in-
vention.
These charges having been made, it is for you
to determine whether you will grant those who
make them an opportunity to be heard, by recom-
mitting this bill with instructions,'to make the
inquiry asked for, and to report the result.
Mr. O. having concluded,
Mr. BRO WJN', of Mississippi, obtained the floor.
He alluded to the manifest injustice done to the
other business of the House, which was thus, by
an ur parliamentary manoeuvre, taken out of its
regular oider, that this question might be put ahead
oAt; and with a view, he said, to place the sub-
ject in us proper order on the calendar, and that
the discussion might be continued in its proper
place, he moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon ihe table.
Mr. CALVIN asked the yeas and nays, which
weie ordeied; and, being taken, were—yeas 64,
nays 103.
So the House decided that the motion to recon-
sider the vote, by which the said bill had been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House,
should not be laid upon the table.
[A. message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Colonel W. S. S. Bliss, his private Secretary.]
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the said bill had been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House,
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said he had voted
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider, for the
reasons stated by the gentleman who made the
motion, [Mr. Brown.] This motion to recon-
sider the reference to the Committee of the Whole
Houfce, opened all the merits of the case, and con-
sumed the morning hour, and excluded the con-
sideration of the legitimate business of the House,
without any sufficient reason; for the merits of
the whole case would be open in the Committee
of the Whole House, when gentlemen could move
their amendments, embracing, if necessary, an
amendment to repeal the extension law of J845.
The subject could be considered then in its whole
length and breadth, while during the morning
hour it could not be fully considered, without
prejudice to other business. To bring the dis-
cussion, therefore, to a conclusion, he would move
the previous question on the motion to reconsider.
The House could sustain this motion, if it pleased,
and pass upon the merits of the case now, or leave
the bill in Committee of the Whole, to take its
proper place on the calendar, and be fully con-
sidered in order.
Mr. SACKETT asked Mr. McLane to with-
draw the motion, and pledged himself to renew it.
Mr. McLANE said that the gentleman's promise
to renew the demand for the previous question,
would be of no moment at all to him, (Mr. McL ,)
because if he withdraw for one gentleman, he must
withdraw for another. He declined, therefoie, to
withdraw the motion.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And, after some coversation, the main question
was ordered; and being taken, the vote was recon-
sidered.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on referring the bill to the Committee of the Whole
House, [the instructions of Mr. Conger, having
been read for information only, and not formally
presented, as they could not be, pending the motion
to reconsider.]
After some conversation on this point, in which
Messrs. Hunter, Conger, and the Speaker par-
ticipated,
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
The question having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative without a division,
The bill was laid upon the table*
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of
Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the consids
eration of the California question.
Mr. ASHMUN was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee [in remarks which will
be published in the Appendix] on the slavery ques-
tion geneially.
Mr. AVERETT then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee in part, when he yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported.
Mr. STANLY asked that, by unanimous con-
sent, the message received from the President to-
day, lying upon the Speaker's table, be laid before
the House.
The SPEAKER said the message related to
California; and if there was no objection, he
would lay it before the House.
There being no objection,
The message was laid before the House, and
read as follows:
To the Hmse of Representatives of the United States:
I herewith tiansmit, (or the iiiformahou of Congress, a
copy of the report of Thomas Butler Kinji, E-q., appointed
bearer of dispatches and special to California, made
in pursuance of instructions i^ued lrom the Department of
Stale, on the 3d (lav ot April la-t. Z. TAYLOR.
Washington, March 26, 1850.
Mr. STANLY moved that the message and
accompanying document be laid upon the table,
and printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, submitted a mo-
tion that ten thousand extra copies be primed.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said it was a docu-
ment for which there was great demand; and he
would therefore move to substitute twenty thou-
sand copies.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, accepted the
amendment as a modification of his motion.
The SPEAKER said the motion to print fcho
extra copies would have to be referred, under the
rule, to the Committee on Printing.
The question was taken iirst on the motion to
lay the message on the table, and to print; and it
was agreed to.
The question now being on the reference to the
Committee on Punting, of the motion to print the
extra copies,
Mr. INGE moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was put to the House, and decided
in the negative.
Mr. BAYLY said that there was already a de-
ficiency of $120,000 in the contingent fund of the
House, arising, in a great measure, from the ex-
traordinary quantity of printing ordered. This
fact, he thought, should be considered.
Mr. STANLY. Suppose there is a deficiency
in the contingent fund, are we to have no more
printing for that cause?
Mr. BAYLY said he was not opposed to the
printing. He merely apprised gentlemen x f a
fact.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, remarked that
the document wouhi be one or forty-five or fifty
pages only—that it was one of great importance,
for which there would be great demand, ile had
received letters already in relation to it.
The question was then put on referring the mo-
tion to print to the Committee on Printing, and it
was agreed to. /
Mr. SACKETT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given.
Objection was made.
Ou motion, the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. PEASLEE: A hill to be entitled an act author-
izing the payment ot interest to the State of New Hainp-
sime.
By Mr. HAMPTON: A hill granting a portion of the pub-
he land* to the State ot iVnnsylvama, ioi the purpose of
aiding in the construetio. *of the Pennsylvania rathoad, the
Ohio and Pennsylvania railroad, and the Pittsburg and
Uormelbville railroad.
PETITIONS, sec.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mi. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of citi-
zens ol Columbia county, Pennsylvania, complaining ot the
large inipoi union of foreign iron, and a.-king that the man-
ner in*ivluch the dutie are laid, should be modified *o as to
prevent&udden and enormous importations of that article.
Also, the petition of citizens of Greenfield, Luzerne
county, IVniiM Ivuma, in favor ot cIh ap postage.
By Mr. MORRIS: The pennon ot 21U utizens of Ripley
and vicinity, m Brown < ouuty, Ohio, pr t.viiiir that .slavery
«nd the slavc-nade may be expicsMs prohibited by act ot
Congress in all the terntorie> ot the Umttd Stales.
Also, the petition of 205 citizens of t e same place, re-
questing that piovision be mane by law, that when any per-
sim shall be arrested ,.s a fugitive slave, m any State other
than that in which he is alleged to be held to service, he shall
not be delivered to the claimant, or Ins agent, t'Acep. on the
finding of a jury that he i> the slave ot the clmmant.
A No, the p< tition ot 2213 citizens oi the same place, pray-
ing that no State be herealter admitted into the Union, un-
less the constitution of such Slate shall expressly prohibit
the existence of slavery within its hnnt«.
Also, the petition of 200 citizens of the same place, pray-
ing for the repeal of .til laws, anil parts of Uws, adopted or
enacted Ity Congress, by whu h flavery or the >la\e-trade is
atiihoti/ed or sanction* d in the city ol Washington, in the
DMitct of Columbia, and that in the ev< nt ot then non-
repeal, that the seat of Un Nauonal Government may be re-
moved to some more suitable location.
By .Mr. SCUENCK: The petition ol J B. Siicpard and
94 other c iti/.> ns and electors of Dayton, Ohio, praying that
slavery and llie slave-trade may be e.\p e.-siv prohibited by
act ol Coni re>«s ni all the territories ot the United Stati s.
Also, the petition of S. Kittredye and 83 other citizens and
electors ol Day ton, Ohio, playing thai Congress will secure
fo alleged fugitive i-luves the right of tual i>v jury.
Also, the petition ot D B. WiNon and 7o other citizens
and eleetots of Dayton, Ohio, ptaying lor tbeiepeal ol alt
laws, and parts ot law*, by which M.tvery or the slave tiads
is authouztd or sanctioned  n ihn Di-tnet of Columbia, and
that m the event of their nut being repealed, Ihe seat ol the
National Government be removed to some more suitable
location.
al-o, the petilion of S. Kittred^e and 103 other citizens
and electors of Day.on, Ohio, praving that no time shall
h'*r« after be admitted into ihe Union, unless iht. con^tm.-
tiim offeucli State shall expressly prohibit slaveiy within us
limits.
By Mr. DUEK: The petition of W. A JutNon and 71
others, citi/xiis of O.-wego county, New Voik, praying that
the rates of duty upon foreign iron, which weie collected
under the tariff act of 1S46, by maae specific.
