1850.
the name of our fathers, in the name of liberty and
union, in the name of humanity itself, to do so.
Mr. BROOKS said, that he was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and he
rose to make some remarks in opposition to it. He
had beet) ready at any time " to face that Gentle-
man's music," and he " faced it" the first of the
session, and he was more ready "to face it"
now. The world had roiled round, and the sticks
of the gentleman's drum had been kept beating-1
but in the revolution of the earth, the fewer "the
soldiers that obeyed the gentleman's tattoo. If he
kept on beating much longer, the fact was, as he
believed that very, very few would pay attention
either to his morning or his eventng drum. As
for himself, he could say, it had not beat loud
enough, nor fierce enough yet, to alarm his nerves,
lie faced u now. He should vote against his pro-
viso— had voted egatnst it in January last, and
was ready to vote against it in all the Januanes to
come.
There was a time (Mr. B. went on to say)
when the Wilmot proviso was not as it is now, a
mere useless, mischievous - abstraction, and he
could very well understand the motives and
the reasons of gentlemen who voted against it. It
was a bolt, however, that had done its errand
that had discharged its duties, and the spent bolt
siow, thatsome men were for hurling, could only do
mischief and create unnecessary alarm. When the
Wilmot proviso was first introduced and passed
-on the floor of this House, it taught the country
•two salutary and important lessons, the South,
first, that the war with Mexico could not go on to
extend slavery, but that the intent and purpose
would be by the majority resisted, and it taught
the North next, that conquest and extension of
territory jeoparded the very existence of the
Union. The fear of the Wilmot proviso predis-
posed the southern Democratic party for peace
■and it alarmed the Democracy of the North not
only for the Union itself, but for the nationality,
and even existence of their party. Thus Demo-
cats cooperated with Whigs in arresting the career
of our Generals in Mexico, and in compelling a
peace. &
The lesson is impressed upon our history; and
no party, hereafter, will be anxious for a war of
conquest, unless it is first settled to which section
of the Union the political profit will inure. The
reasons and motives then that prompted gentlemen
to urge the Wilmot proviso, no doubt sprang
from high and patriotic causes; but as things were
now, the Wilmot proviso was an abstraction, mis-
chievous in all its consequences, and periling even
the unity and existence of the Republic. That
Providence of Almighty God, which had so often
watched over and preserved us as a favored people,
with His " cloud byday and pillarof fire by night,''
is watching over hs now, and preserving us now,
from the penis that our passion for conquest, and
for other people's lands, had brought upon us.
We were to be preserved too, without any self-
sacrifices of principle, or pride, or sectional prefer-
ences, or pledges, if we would only leave all to
that Almighty God, and not attempt to be wiser
than He, in settling the destiny of our country,
what part of it should be bond or free. That des-
tiny is already fixed, irrevocably fixed, beyond
any human control; and, in my opinion, all we
ought to try to do, is to await the decree of that
Providence, and stand by it, whatever it may be.
To settle this terrible agitation in this Hall and
Chamber, such by the way as no other form of
government is strong enough to stand a month, I
•am willing to become a convert to the doctrine
■of non-intervention, of non-action—and in good
faith, too. If it is of any importance to know
what I am willing to do, I will state here, that I
will vote for no Wilmot proviso, now or hereafter,
on any matte-rs before us; and I will stand upon
the principle, that the authority of this Govern-
ment shall not be exerted to exclude or to extend
slavery, the principle of compromise upon which it
was framed. Thus, it will be seen, if I am op-
posed to a single-headed, uniform, universal Wil-
mot, I am the more opposed to the double-headed,
double-shotted Wilmot, which would exclude
slavery by law north of 36° 30', and establish it by
law south of that line. If the Wilmot proviso is
a principle, and a principle that must be enforced,
the law of the majority will succeed, and the old,
and ancient, and venerable, and now immortal
" Wilmot " will carry the day.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
befofthiTrfn* myself here now, while a mem-
f M back Pn 1%^'t0 reS'St them both"-and 1 wil'
  1 back, m order to give peace, upon the non-
members10-!1' Pon"act,on Jivitation of the southern
members so fervently sent up during the last Con-
gress in these Halls; and I beg these gentlemen
nmto0^ tHe gr°Und they st00d on tben> and
Which converts to the W.lmot principle
wh cLf V"CV°u earneStly deno«nced, and
Sn, r J donbt a principle alarming to the
„ - • . 1 ,wl11 s.tand Wlth them now on their
principle of non-intervention, and I will follow
the salutary rule, that the Federal Government was
not created -to exclude or to establish slavery by
law, and leave that exciting subject to the States
and the inscrutable Providence that has fixed so
anomalous a class of human beings upon our
otherwise free form of government. No other rule
of action, as it now seems to me, can save this
glorious heritage of our fathers from the inevit-
able internal dissensions which threaten it—and
hese were the rules which animated and inspired
the bosoms of the Hancocks, the Rutledo-es, the
Adamses, and the Pinckneys, who bequeathed this
heritage to us.
And I can see, Mr. Speaker, that no section of
our country has anything to lose, but on the con-
trary, everything to gain by the policy of non-ac-
tion in this matter of slavery; for that destiny of
Almignty God, of which I spoke but a moment
ago, has regulated all these things for us. Cali-
fornia is sealed, and is settling with a miraculous
rapidity; and Us social polity is fixed beyond the
power of this Government to change it. No law
of yours is omnipotent enough to reverse the social
order there established. The people have decreed
and are yet decreeing the universality of freedom
Ihe emigrant from the banks of the Misssissipni
joins heartily with the emigrant from Maine in
ordaining the exclusion of slavery, as the com-
mon interest of all; and all the armies and navies
of the world cannot create slavery where all the
people will all to be free.
[ I know that southern gentlemen attribute this
J feeling to the preoccupation of the soil by northern
| emigrants, under the patronage of the Federal
I Government; but a power higher than any gov-
i ernment settled this quesfon; and that was gold
j stimulating instant, tumultuous emigration. The'
columns of emigiation settled, as they always will j
under like circumstances, the establishment or ex-
elusion of slavery. The steamship, the winds
that wafted northern commerce there, settled the
question. The people of the North did not so
much gof as rush or fly, to California, when they
heard that gold was there,—and the poor white
man of the South, who could raise money enough
to go, was there, before the owner of negroes could
prepare himself to start. California became the
magnet, which attracted all the enterprising pov-
erty of America. The northern rich capitalist re-
posed upon his funds at home, and so did the
planter on his plantation at the South, but the en-
terprising and ambitious poverty of both sections,
rushed, aye new on the wings of the wind, to Cal-
ifornia, and established an equality there, to have
which they left their own land. No overland em-
igration from the slave States could overtake, or
over-match these crusaders after the golden fleece.
Poverty was behind, and gold was before,—and
when the winds blew not strong enough, or fast
enough, the genius of steam was evoked to hurry
them on. The world has never seen anything
, like this eruption, or irruption, not even in the
days of the Crusaders.
How idle, then, amid such a whirlwind of causes
and of people, to impute to the distant and feeble
powers at Washington, a potency enough to re-
strain the establishment of slavery there 1 The
white man there would not work with the negro
in the mines, and that settled the question. The
white man would not allow the capitalist, be he
owner of negroes, or of peons, or of other prop-
erty, to scrape, scratch, or to shovel more gold
than he could—and that settled the question. It
was a question between labor present and capital
absent, and labor instantly prevailed. The south-
ern emigrant joins with the northern, the first
from interest, the second from education and pre-
possession. No authority of Government could
establish slavery among such a class of emigrants.
The Executive, the Legislative, and Judicial pow-
ers of this Government combined, have never been
able to do it, and cannot do it now. it would be
mi
easier this moment to establish slavery in the
older States of the North, where great social and
pecuniary inequalities, perchance, exist; but the
thing is utterly impossible among a people,, who'
have fled from wealth, and its inequalities, in order
to be socially, morally, politically, and so to speak,
pecuniarily, equal and free.
. Gentlemen from the South, who acknowledge
in their hearts, if not by word of moutfvthere
truths, seek to reverse them by dividing Califor-
nia, making of one part a State, and of another a
lerritory. If I were to congu|t on|y (he free.
soil passion of the day, and to vote with espeeiai
reference to my section on that point, I should
certainly second, instead of resisting that move-
ment; for these same causes, which have made
California non-slaveholding, will ever continue,
until heavy, massive columns of slave emigration
overland, can overtake and overrun emigration by
sea, or the now cheap, quick-moving, enterprising
emigration from the Northwest. We are as certain
to have two free Slates, it seems clear to me, as
we were to have one, if California is divided; and
the more gold that is found in the southern part,
the greater and quicker will be the rush of the fly-
ing columns of emigration there, that will not
work with slaves, or allow a master of slaves to
amass unequal shares of the precious dust. So
that, slavery, as it seems to me, is as clearly and
as certainly shut out from the Pacific as it is from
Canada, or the northern part of the Atlantic coast.
1 he gi eat and impressive motive I have in resisting
the division of California, comes from the great
danger of being, some day or other, ruled by the
members in the Senate from our Mexican acquisi-
tions. As a resident of an Atlantic State, I do not
want my people to be outnumbered, out-repre-
sented, out-voled in the United States Senate. I
do not want the Atlantic.ocean to bow down 10 the
Pacific. When I look upon the map, and survey
the almost immeasurable regions we have now on
the Pacific, and west of the sources of the Missouri,
I foresee that New England, New York, Penn-
I sylvania, Ohio, and the southern States, are
shorn of their sovereignty in the Union. I wish
| to do all I can to avert that result—I wish to
I make of California, of Utah, of Oregon, of New
j Mexico, of Nebraska, States as large as possible.
I I go for the broadest extent of latitude and of lon-
i gilude compatible with their geographical posi-
j tions, and the public interest. Large States, it is
for the interest of us in these now thirty States,,
I to carve out of those States to come; aye, the very
I largest, unless we intend to be overwhelmed in the
Senate. Hence, I wish to resist the division of
California, and I rather sorrow that she has not
taken more than she claims. To divide her, it
thus seems to me is acommon injury to the North
and the South, to be aggravated to the South, if
what seems to be certain, follows, viz: the estab-
lishment of two free States there, instead of one.
Even if we go further, and establish slavery by
law in one of these California States,, as some
gentlemen seem to desire, and thus ordain a south-,
ern Wilmot proviso in their behalf, it, would be
the same as attempting to establish slavery in
Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York,
Pennsylvania or Ohio; for these and the like people
are already there, and practical masters of that
soil. And this is what I meant, when I spoke of
destiny, the decrees of Providence, or the fiat of
Almighty God. The question, I say, is settled,
and all man can do, is by unnecessary agitation to
sow the seeds of civil war, and to make unhappy
and bloody the soil on which we dwell.
The gentleman from Ohio is, however, not sat-
isfied with that decree of Providence; and as he
seems to think Providence has not done enough
for our section of the Union, he will do something
more. He asks us to face the music on an abstrac-
tion of his, and he tauntingly tells us he will
" smoke the doughfaces out." He renews here
to-day a proposition that he introduced at the
early part of the session—an abstraction, which at-
tempted to exclude slavery by law when govern-
ments were established in all of our Mexican ac-
quisitions, including California.
Mr. ROOT. No, not California.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, in all our Territories east of
California. And that abstraction was once thrust
out of the House, amid all the cries of the gentle-
man upon us northern members "to face the
music." I trust that this unnecessary, inoppor-
tune, and mischievous proposition will receive the
