170*2
ME CONGRESSIONAL *&LOmZ.
Aug. *29,
same kind of treatment now, though it presents
itself in a more imposing form. I know, afic! I
feel the power which the gentleman 's whip may
have over members elected two years ago, m the
storm of anti-slavery excitement that then existed;
and I know the embarrassment that whip may
create amid members pledged during that excite-
rftent to vote as he who sets himself up to be their
overseer, their driver, tells them to do. But the
day of overseers and of drivers is passing away,
and the whip is losing its lash. Emancipation
is every day coming more and more, as the world
rolls round, and the less are'we staves, fearing our
would-be masters. Emancipation, however, can-
not thoroughly take place, till the people pass
their Representatives through the ordeal of another
election. Two years ago, Mr. Clay, our favorite
candidate for the Presidency, was sacrificed,as we
Whigs of the North in the main believed, be-
cause of his liberal preferences, and General Tay-
lor was made our candidate for the Presidency for
an- opposite cause. The indignation over- such a
sacrifice drove no small portion of our party into
extremes, and these extremes were invigorated by
the fuel which* the Free Soil Van Buren Democ-
racy supplied. The members of this Congress
from the free States were elected, in the main, amid
this excitement, and they came here under im-
pulses, and with pledges from which there can be
no escape only by the ordeal of artother election.
When that takes place, they will represent a people
•who, in my belief, share in but a small degree, with
the extremes now acting upon this floor. The peo-
ple are ahead of their Representatives, I feel sure,
ma disposition tosettleall these agitating questions
before us, which now divide and distract the coun-
try, and to settle them amicably, fraternally, and
equally. As to my own self I can say, that though
I took great responsibility in voting against the
Wilmot proviso the early part of this session, I
have been more than sustained in the great metrop-
olis which I have the honor in part to represent.
Over forty thousand names, not men of ink and
paper, but real men with residences to their names,
have given me and my colleagues a ticket to ride
in an omnibus, a cab, a sulky, a wagon, or a
gocart, aye in any honorable vehicle that comes
along, singly or doubly, but to ride, at all events.
1 prefer a carriage with a single passenger, if I can
get it, but I shall not stand upon the order of my
going, but keep trying to go. And this feeling is
not alone the feeling of the city. The great me-
tropolis of a nation's commerce, the centre of its
business, the focus of its exchanges, but foreshad-
ows what a nation thinks. It may be in advance
of the nation. Public opinion may there sooner
come to ahead; but when the business agents of
a nation—when their servants speak, and speak
thus emphatically, unequivocally, universally, it
is but tne premonitory note of the loud thunder
that is preparing to burst.
The gentleman from Ohio, I think, foresees the
coming publicopinion in the North, and hence his
musical blast again this morning to summon his
followers to overawe us of the North, and to
frighten us down. u Othello's occupation's gone,"
if the excitement is not kept brewing. What will
become of me, perchance he soliloquizes, if the
storm is hushed, and I am not buoyed up, and I
dropdown? If, in the importance and grandeur
of the subject which we have this day and yes-
terday voted upon, there was-not a solemnity
that did not admit of the ridiculous, the extraor-
dinary scenes and associations of to-day and
yesterday, would convulse us with laughter. I
saw marching between the tellers just now, almost
arm in arm, and more than once,gentlemen from
the North and South, who could hardlykeep each
other's company two seconds without a smile or
a shrug. There went the gentlemen from Ohio, and
gentleman from South Carolina, Siamese Twins.
There were there gentlemen together who were
for dissolving the Union'if the Wilmot proviso
was passed, and gentlemen for dissolving the Union
ifitwasnol passed. Gentlemen will pardon me,
but some lines of Shakspeare run through my head,
and I must let them out, in order to describe this
composition:
" Fillet of a fenny snake,
In the cauldron boil and bake:
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of hat, and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork, and blindworm's stinff,
Lizard's leg, and owlet's wing.
For a charm ot' powerful trouble.
Ljikv. a hell-broth boil and bubble.
Double, double, toil and trouble;
Fire, burn, and, cauldron bubble."
And so this cauldron is to be made to boil and
bubble in all parts of this Union. Now this amaz-
ing fraternity, this almost ludicrous combination
may be very patriotic on the part of gentlemen from
sections of the Union, and from parties utterly
dpposite; it may be from nobler motives than
those'which the people impute. And to worthy
motives 1 am willing to impute, nay, 1 am bound
to impuie (it would be unparliamentary to do oth-
wise) all actions upon this floor, but not the less
can I keep my eye from this strange, this extraor-
dinary junction of extremes, this droll consocia-
tion of bed-fellows, who meet but to kiss, then
to snarl, to bark, and to bite. If anything, how-
ever, on earth were wanting: to convince me that I
am right, it would be the opposition of these ex-
tremes to my course of action. If anything
were wanting to convince me that the people
of this country were at heart in favor of the
! principle of action which T wish to carry out on
! this floor, it would be this combination of ex-
tremes in opposition to these principles. I repeat,
then, I have no doubt in my own mind that the
great body of the northern people are willing " to
face the music" at any time whenever the sound
of the drum reaches their ears, even if their Repre-
sentatives from opposite pledges and opposite as-
sociations are not ready to face it here in this
House.
The great white race of this country, neither
North nor South, will ever long consent to peril,
much less to rend this Union on account of the
African; and he who calculates to win popular
favor, or to make a name beyond his own barn-
door, by any vociferation of any obstreperous char-
acter about the African, be he from the North or
from the South, much mistakes the genius of our
countrymen. A member may crow himself into
Congress, but he will only tarry there till some
louder cock outcrows him. Whenever it is really
felt that the Union Is in peril from excess of zeal
for the African, North or South, the white race,
for self-preservation, for its own liberty, life, law,
will rise as the winds rise, and the howl of the hur-
ricane will be so terrible, that poor chanticleer will
skulk from the storm, and pray for the dunghill
to fall on and hide him. Our countrymen are so
proud of their country,—it is such an honor to be
an American citizen; the destiny of our Union is
believed to be so bright and glorious, that the
white man will not sacrifice himself for the Afri-
can. We owe him duties, the greater for the
depression in which we keep him, and infamy
alight upon him, whoever, anywhere, oppresses the
African in the comforts of life, the consolations of
religion, or in the rupture of the social ties that
consecrate a home: but woe, woe, be to the
man, who rends the Union to extend slavery, or
to enforce its exclusion by violent, unnecessary,
provoking laws. Many sacrifices will be made,
and ever have been made by all parties, to create
and to maintain this Union; and these sacrifices
must ever continue to be made. The great body
of the northern people stand ready to make their
share of sacrifice, and among them, as 1 believe,
the Wilmot proviso men; but they expect like
sacrifices on the part of their southern country-
men. Whoever asks must give; and when any
of us offer to surrender our prejudices and prefer-
ences that the North has had, and yet has, for
the proviso, we cannot understand the patriotism
of the southern man, who asks us to establish one
for him. These mutual surrenders of interests
and of preferences alone can carry this Govern-
ment on. And as a Government, it ceases to be
useful or practical, as for nine months it has been
in this Hall, if there is to be an eternal conflict
among the white race here, about the black race
elsewhere.
This Government is, in toy opinion, the strong-
est Government on earth, as long as it attends to the
duties imposed upon it by the Constitution, and
refrains from agitating topics its framers would
not even name, much more agitate, and reagitate
upon. A dissolution of the Union, therefore, I
look upon as impossible. The despotism of Rus-
sia, or the Democracy of France in its wildest
paroxysms, could never rally stouter hands or
Warmers hearts to protect, defend, and maintain
order and law, and to put down conspiracy and
treason. The loyalty to the Union'is of'love,
affection, of a common glorious life, and a coming
brighter future,—and 6ucha Government no con-
spirators, no traitors can overthrow. 7 apprehend,
therefore, no physical dissolution of this Union*,
i hear the threats, and the mutterings, but their
impotency amuses as often as their audacity pro-
vokes. But there is a moral, a social dissolution of
the Union, that I fear, and of which, alas t already S
see signs among us. We begin to be'afraid to speak
aloud among one another. Brethren as we are,
countrymen under the same ftag, there are topics
upon which we cannot talk-together, and of which
we can only whisper in sections among ourselves.
One of the worst omens of the times is nightly sec-
tional caucuses in these Halls, which teach us to
distrust each other, and to consider a man art
enemy, because he was born under a northern or
a southern sky. These suspicions, this distrust,
this rupture of our fraternal bonds, may, I some-
times fear, provoke mad men, or mad States to
attempt to dissolve this Union; but if they could be
successful, it would only be amid fire and blood—
and to be accursed by all posterity. No sacrifice
is too great for me to' avert this horrible catastro-
phe. The Union, I doubt not, can be maintained,
and must be maintained, even by arms, if neces-
sary,—but what is a Union worth, .without love*
without loyalty, without pride in it, and only pro-
tected by arms? Unite us once more as brethren,
restore our ancient fraternity, settle and banish
from these Halls this afflictingsubject of slavery—
and the Government is stronger than if it had at
its service two hundred thousand serried bayonets,
or whole parks of artillery.
A few words more to my northern countrymen,
and 1 will finish these altogether unpremeditated
remarks, which the sudden and unexpected appa-
rition of the ghost of Wilmot, presented here by
the gentleman from Ohio, and which I thought
laid in January, has called out. I conjure them
now to lay this ghost again—to face this music, as
they did in January. Now.is the day, and now
is the hour. And yet I do not know who consti-
tuted this or any other member musician over us,
or made him drum-major of the great northern
band. Who hired him for an overseer—who
put the driver's whip in his hands to crack
and lay on our backs, and make us face the
music he plays? Can anybody tell? I will not
speak of this insolent tone, or of such insolent
language, in the terms they deserve; for it is un-
parliamentary often to speak the truth, and to char-
acterize such terms as they ought to be character-
ized. But I insist upon knowing what divine right
the gentleman has to call upon us to face his music,
to show our hands to him, to marshal us, or 41 to
smoke out our doughfaces," to quote his words.
Sir, if to do right, and to dare to do right—if to
stand by my own white race first, and the African
next—if to utter such sentiments as I have been
uttering, and to act upon them, make me a dough-
face, my face is all dough; and the gentleman may
make the most he can of the admission. I am ready
to be smoked out, and have been for nine months,,
and the quicker the smoking the better, for { am
heartily tired of staying in this hole here. I want
to breathe the free air of the people once more,
and to be relieved from the stifling and confusing
sentiment that assumes to speak for the people
here.
The proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
now, that he drums us northern men up to, is the
exclusion of slavery by law from Utah; for I take
it for granted, that if he considers California safe,
New Mexico is considered safe for exactly a
similar reason. Well it is of the highest import-
ance to exclude slavery, by law, from Deseret,
from Utah, from the Mormon settlements there i
0, don't waste a moment, for there is an im-
minent danger lest the planter may desert the
rich bottom lands of the Mississippi, and Ala-
bama, and of the Santee and Pedee, and rush,
with his slaves, from the cotton and sugar tempt-
ations -of Texas, through the desert, over the
Snowy mountains, to the great Salt Lake in Utah.
If there ever was any danger of the extension of
slavery in our Mexican acquisitions, it was that
it would go to'the shores of the Pacific, where no
proviso is now proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio. Not that it would prevail among the Mor-
mons, who, as a mass, abhor slavery almost with
a religious fanaticism—and who are emigrants,
not from the slave States, but'from Old England,
Ohio, New York, Pennsylvania* and the jSorth-
