608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
Also, the memorial of the mayor,common council,and
citizens of the city of Oswego, Now York, praying for the
reimbursement of moneys expended by them in the preser-
vation of the pier at Oswego.
Also, the petition of 12') electors of SmithfielU, Madison
county, New York, praying for the right of tiial by jury to
persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 123 electors of the same place,
against the admission of any more slave States into the
Union.
Also, the petition of 122 electors of the same place, pray-
ing for the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Con-
gress, for the suppor^of slavery in ihe District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 123 electors of the same place, lor
the establishment and protection of freedom in the tenitories
of the United Slates.
By Mr. ALBERTSON ; The petition of Samuel G. Bar-
rett and 74 osiers, citizens of Gibson county, Indiana, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law to establish a mail-route from
Washington, in Davis county, t > Petersburg!!, in Pike
county, thence on the new State road through Gibson arid
Vanderburg counties to Evansville.
Also, the petition of Isaac Street and 176 othets, citizens
of Gibson and Pike counties, Indiana, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Findley McRae and 180 others, citi-
zens of Harrison county, Indiana, praying the pasMige of a
law, granting bounty land to the officers and soidier  of the
Indian wars, and of the late war wrh Great Britain, and to
the Widows and children of such officers and soldiers who
have died.
By Mr. WENTWORTI1: The petition of citizens of
Kendall county, Illinois, tor two cents postage.
Also, the petit on of citizens of Grundy county for two
cents postage.
By Mr GOKMAN: The memorial of the soldiers of the
war of 1812,1813,1814,1815, and the proceedings of a meet-
ing of the people of Monioe county, Indiana, praying for
bounty land.
By Mr. ALEXANDER: The petition of 51 citizens of
Victoria, Knox counly, Illinois, praying Congress to estab-
lish a uniform rate ot postage, not "to exceed one cent on
newspapers and two cents on each prepaid lettei of half an
ounce, forall distances.
By Mr. CHANDLER.: The petit:on of A. Case and 50
others, citizens of Philadelphia, asking for a reduction of
postage on prepaid letters -
AI o, the petition of sundry citizens of Philadelphia, ask-
ing tor the erection ot piers at Iteedy island, in the Delaware.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indian'*: The petition ol Levi L.
Todd and 82 other citizens of Indiana, who were soldiers
of the war of 1812, praying a grant of bounty lands for their
services in said war.
Al-o, the petition of J. B. New and IS others, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of Simon Smock and 4 others, on the
same subject.
By Mr. BURROWS : The petition of Andrew J. Chester
arid 6Uotheis, citizens of Albion, New York, asking for a
reduction of postage on prepaid letters.
, By Mr. HAMPTON; Three petitions, numerously signed
by citizens of Pittsburg, praying for the sale of a certain lot
ofgronnd in said citv, and lor the erection of a custom-house
and other public building-?, for the use ut' the officers ot tne
United States Government.
By Mr. ANDREWS : The petition of Charles Conn ar.d
53 others, citizens of Argyle and Greenwich, Washington
county, New York, for the repeal of all laws enacted or
adopted by Congress, for the support of slavery in the Dir-
irict of Columbia.
ANo, the petition of Charles Coon and 6T others, citizens
of the same place, to secure I t alleged fugitives the right of
trial by jury.
Also, the petition of Charles Coon and 65 ofheis, citizens
of the same place, for the establishment and protection of
freedom in the territories of the United Struts.
Also, ihe petition of Abraham Matthews and 75 otheis, citi-
zens ot the same place, against the admission of more slave
StattN into the Union.
Bv Mr. MeCLBltYAND : The petition of citizens of Nor-
wich, Connecticut, for cheap postage.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Henry Robison and 76
others, citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, prajmg
Congress to admit no State into the Union, unless, by the
constitution of such State, slavery is expressly prohibited
therein.
AUo. the petition of Silas Stevenson and 77 others, citi-
zens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to abolish slavery and the slave-trade in ail the territoues
ot the United States*.
^ Bv Mr. WHITE: The petition of T. R. Houghton, James
S. Munroe and 42 others, citizens of Corinth, in the county
of Saratoga, State ot New York, prayingCougress to pass a
law by which tne duty, levied upon foreign imported iron, j
ma\ be made equal to the duty levied on such iron at the
tunc when the tariff law of 1846 first took effect, and that
said duty he specific and uniform as to time.
^ Also, the petmou of Jer<*inv Rockwell, Joel Dayton and
53 othfr->, citizens of Hadley Falls, Saratoga county, New
York, praying Co igress to pass a law fixing the dutv upon
j miort-d iron, at the amount charged when the tariff bill of
1843 first went into effect, and making the said dutv specific.
AI o, the petition'of N E Young, R McDonnell, and 169
others, citizens of Saratoga Springs and vicinity, Saratoga
co-nty, New Yoik, praying that the duty levied upon im-
ported iron, at the time the tariff hill or 1846 first took effect,
may be made specific, and charged upon the importations,
regularly and uniformly, in lieu ot the present ad valorum
svsteui.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 27, 1850.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the attention of the Senate '
for a moment, it) order to answer a question pro- j
posed to me a day or two since by the Senator !
trom Alabama, [Mr. King,] who I see is now in \
his seat. On the 18th of March last, the foliowirrg
conversation occurred here:
"Mr. King. I rise, Mr. President, to call the_attention
of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] to what
is published in the Intelligencer of the 14th instant, pur-
porting to be remarks made in the Senate of the United
States by Mr. Seward, aurt the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to the following effect:
"< £ think it was Jeffer&on who said that the i natural ally
'of slaverv in the South, was the Democracy of the North.'
" ' Mr Hale. It was Mr. Buchanan who&aid so.'
" I now ask the Senator from New Hampshire to state
where, when, and upon what occasion, Mr. fiucHfcnan,
either in the Senate, or anywhere else, made use of the ex-
pression to which he refeired, that the northern Democracy
weie the natural allies of slavery at the South?
"Mr. Hale. I have not the documents b> me, and cannot
quote the precise phraseology; arid 1 did not expect to be
called upon to do it at this tune; but I think I can satisfy
the Senator from Alabama on the subject before many
da>s."
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] then
stated, that what Mr. Buchanan had said, was in
a speech on the veto power. I have found, sir,
the remark to which I alluded, and I will read it
to the Senate without comment, and leave the
Senate and the country to judge whether it justi-
fied my suggestion.
I will, however, do Mr. Buchanan the justice
to say, that the words quoted by the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] do not appear. I will
read the language, leaving it, without comment, to-
the Senate and to the country to say how far it
justified the remark I made, speaking, as I did at
the time, from memory. It was a speech on the
ratification of the treaty with Great Britain, settling
the northwest boundary:
" All Christendom is leagued against the South upon the
question ol domestic sluveiy. They have nootheralhe  to
sustain their constitutional lights, except the Democracy of
the North. In my own State, we inscribe upon our parly
banners, hostility lo abolition. It is there one of the cardi-
nal principles of the D&iuocratic party."
Mr. KING. 1 rose the other day to call the at-
tention of the Semite, and particularly of the
Senator from New Hampshire, to a remark that
he had made in reference to what had fallen from
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who
said Mr. Jefferson had stated " that the Democ-
' racy of the North were the natural allies of slave-
* cry." The Senator from New Hampshire re-
marked, " not Mr. Jefferson; it was Mr. Buchan-
an that said so." I called his attention to it, sir,
in order to give him an apportunity-of withdraw-
ing the statement that he then made, that it was
Mr. Buchanan who made that remark, inasmuch
as Mr. Buchanan had never made any such re-
mark, nor indeed had Mr. Jefferson. I stated then
that Mr. Buchanan had, on various occasions, in
the House, in the Senate, and before the country,
declared, (which, ar the time the declaration was
made, was perhaps much more substantially true
than it is at this moment,) that the South had to
look to the Democracy of the North as their natu-
ral ally to protect their constitutional rights; or,
in other words, that the Democracy of the North
were the natural allies of the South in the protec-
tion of their constitutional rights to their property
in slaves. Well, sir, I then thought, as I still
think, that the Senator from New Hampshire
could bring forward no speech, and no declaration,
made by Mr. Buchanan at any time, that ran
counter to what I then stated to be the view taken
by Mr. Buchanan at the time he made the speech,
from which an extract was read by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] which was sub-
stantially the same as the extract read by the Sena-
lor from New Hampshire, this morning. In that
extract, Mr. Buchanan refers to the feeling of the '
European Governments against us of the South,
and unfortunately, to a very great extent, it is true,
because the European Governments are not ac-
quainted with our precise situation with regard to
this property; they do not understand the manner
in which it is treated, the kindness exercised to-
ward these persons, and the utter impossibility
of producing the emancipation, for which the Abo-
litionisfs contend, without the destruction of one
race or the other, and producing a state of things
which no human being, with the common feelings
of humanity, can ever wish to see brought about.
Well, sir, the Senator from New Hampshire,
with that frankness that ever characterizes him,
has gone to a certain extent; but he did not go as
far as a Senator of the United States—as a liberal,
just, and candid man-^-should have gone, tie
ought to have come forward at once, and made the
correction,and acknowledged that he was mistaken
in the remark he made, putting the declaration of
the Senator from New York on Mr. Buchanan,
instead of leaving it where it had been improperly
attributed. But, instead of doing that, he read
this extract: " All Christendom is leagued against
the South upon the question of domestic slavery."
That, sir, is a statement which might with great
propriety be made, perhaps with a few exceptions;
for a few Governments still continue to hold slaves,
and they are not leagued with the others against
us; but the feeling is very strong upon this ques-
tion. Mr. Buchanan then goes on, and says pre-
cisely what he said in the other speech, and what
he always has said, and which, at the time he de-
livered it, was much more true than it unfortu-
nately is now: "they have no other allies to sustain
their constitutional rights, except the Democracy
of the North." Well, sir, for a length of fme
the Democracy of the North did, in good faith,,
and in strict accordance with their obligations to
maintain the rights of the South, under the Consti-
tution, show, by their votes and acts here, that
they were prepared to go as far as it was necessa-
ry to go in order to protect these rights. We have
vote upon vote—we have resolution upon iesolu-
tion, sustained by northern men—declaring their
determination to stand by the Constitution of the
country, and not to inflict injury on their brethren
of the South, by attempting to disturb the relations
subsisting between them and their slaves. Since
then, unfortunately, there has been a great change.
I regret it most deeply. I regret that this should
ever have been made a party question. I regret
that any party at the North, or West, should have
found it necessary to court the Abolitionists. The
Abolitionists, what is their object ? It is to inter-
fere with the rights of the South, to this descrip-
tion of property in the States.* Most assuredly it
means nothing eise; and therefore Mr. Buchanan
very properly goes on to say, " In my own State
4 we inscribe upon our party banners 4 hostility to
4 abolition.' It is one of the cardinal principles of
1 the Democratic party." And why ? Because Ab-
olitionism at once goes into the States, affecting
the rights of the southern States, and weakening
the hold they have, under the Constitution, to this
description of property, which has been guarantied
to them.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator must admit,
after this explanation, that Mr. Buchanan did not
use the words which were attributed to Mr. Jef-
ferson by the Senator from New York, and which
he at the time applied to Mr. Buchanan. Mr.
Buchanan contended for wiiat 1 have said, and for
this only. He was diawmg a distinction between
ihe two parties in relation to this question, and
stated, what was true, that there was a much
larger proportion of the Democracy of the North
for the protection of the constitutional rights of
the South, than of the other party; that they were,
therefore, the natural ally ot the South in sustain-
ing their constitutional rights. I think the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is now bound to say
that Mr. Buchanan did not go further than this.
Mr. HALE. A single word in reply, sir, and
I have done. I think the Senator from Alabama
hardly does me justice in calling upon me to say
more than I have said. I have stated that I have
found that Mr. Buchanan did not use the precise
words attributed to him—that everything I have
found to sustain the remark which escaped from
me, ana which I made from memory only, is the
extract which I have here produced. 1 do not
undertake to construe it. I said then, and I re-
peat now, that I leave it to the Senate, and to the
country, to say how far it does sustain the remark
which I made.
The subject was then dropped.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Joseph Parks, a Shawnee Indian, asking compen-
sation for a slave forcibly taken from his posses-
sion by persons in Illinois.
The memoiialtst sets forth that he was the
owner of a neuro slave named Stephen, who ran
away from him during the year 1848, and escaped
to the State of Illinois; that he pursued &uid slave
to McHenry county, in the State of Illinois, and
arrested him on the 17th July, 1848, and took him
into custody; that said slave was rescued from his
possession by a mob of residents of said county,
and conveyed to Canada, since which lime the
memorialist has never heard of his slave. He asks,
