1850.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
west, all non-slaveholding regions. The negro
can no more work for his master, and prosper in
Utah, than in Canada or in Maine. It is a soil
that demands irrigation; the farms are, and are
intended to be, small. If Canada ever knocks at
the door of the Union, I shall then expect to see
the gentleman from Ohio insist that it cannot come
in without his proviso in advance fixed upon it.
For in the elevated regions of Utah, the frost kills
the cotton in September, as it does in Canada or
Maine. To insist upon the application of the
Wilmot proviso to such a people, and to such a
region, is but to provoke, to annoy, to excite a
portion of our countrymen, " to set their tails on
fire to see how they run." I will be a party to
no such fun.
Mr. CAMPBELL (imperfectly heard by the
reporter) was understood to inquire of the gentle-
men from New York whether slaves were not now
held in Utah ?
Mr. BROOKS. There may be a few officers of
the army with their servants there, perhaps a few
others. There are, no doubt, in my own cityjust
now, from eight hundred to one thousand slaves
this traveling season.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But there are some four
hundred slaves already in Utah. I can state so
positively, if the gentleman from New York does
not know it.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon what authority ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Delegate from Utah.
Mr. BROOKS. Ah ! I understand all that. The
Delegate from New Mexico lost his seat in conse-
quence of alienating from him the whole South,
by representing the fact that there was no slaves
there; and the Delegate from Utah don't intend to
make any such mistake. By riding a little on
both sides he will be sure to get in. Some four
hundred slaves will be good for the South, and the
soil and the climate, and the character of the peo-
ple, will do for the North.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked Mr.
Brooks to allow him to put a question,
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly. I love to be cate-
chised.
Mr. STEVENS. It is pleasant to ask a gentle-
man questions who loves to answer them. What
I want to know is, if soil, climate, and Providence
keep slavery out of Utah, why they don't keep
them out of New York ?
Mr. BROOKS. They do. When the southern
sun rages southern travelers bring to New Yolk
their body servants in considerable numbers; and
as long as the climate is agreeable they tarry, but
when Utah weather comes, they are off with the
first frost, as fast as the locomotive can carry them.
Is the gentleman answered?
Mr. B. closed his remarks by saying, that as
the thread of his discourse had been broken he
would yield the floor, and more especially as this
was not now the time to do in proper order what
he wished to do—discuss the Texas boundary bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, obtained the
floor.
Mr. FEATHERSTON appealed to his col-
league to yield the floor to enable him to move to
amend the instructions.
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman from
Mississippi gave way to his colleague, the gentle-
man could move his amendment by general con-
sent.
Mr. FOWLER objected.
Mr. BROWN resumed the,floor. He said he
designed to make a few remarks only in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,]
and the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
who had just taken his seat. Both these gentle-
men had taken a position which had been assumed
since the beginning of the session by many gentle-
men from the northern States, and had put forth
views which they seemed to regard as likely to
obtain the favor of the South. If these gentle-
men (said Mr. B.) were right in supposing that
we of the South are mere shadows, occupied
only in the pursuit of shadows, then they might
succeed in the object at which they aim. But if
we are real, substantial men, things of life and not
shadows, then they will find themselves mistaken
in their views. What was it the South had
demanded? She had asked to be permitted to go
into these newly-acquired Territories, and to carry
her property with her, as the North does; and he
desired to tell his friends from Illinois and from
New York, that she would be satisfied with noth-
ing less than this. It was in vain to tell the people
of the South that you will not press the proviso
excluding slavery, because circumstances are such
as to exclude slavery without the operation of this
provision, and therefore it is not necessary to
adopt it. He would tell gentlemen who use this
argument, that the southern people care not about
the means by which slavery is to be excluded.
They will not inquire whether nature is unpropi-
tiousto the existence of slavery there, while they
know that the whole course and desire of the
North has been with a view to its exclusion from
the shores of the Pacific. It was only necessary
to look at the history of the last few years to
satisfy ourselves that it has been the purpose of
the North to produce this exclusion.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois had ad-
ministered a well-deserved rebuke to the factious
spirit of free soil, as manifested in the propostion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root;] for that
he (Mr. B.) felt as profoundly grateful as any other
man. It was a spirit which ought to be rebuked
everywhere. It deserved theuniversal execration
of all good men. But it was his duty to say to his
honorable friend, that so much of his remarks as
were directed against the proviso, on the ground
that it was not necessary to our exclusion, failed to
excite his (Mr. B.'s) gratitude, as they would
fail to elicit the gratitude of the southern peo-
ple. The gentleman from Illinois would not be
informed that he had Mr. B.'s highest respect as
a gentleman, and his sincere personal regard—but
as a southern man, he felt bound to say at.
all times, and on all occasions, to all persons,
friends and foes, that he and his section demanded
as a right an equal participation in all these Terri-
tories, and they could not feel grateful to any man
who placed his opposition to the proviso on no
higher grounds than that they were excluded by
other means. If his honorable friend had placed
his opposition to the proviso on the grounds that
the South had rights, and that those rights-ought
to be respected, then Mr. B. and the whole South
would have felt a thrill of gratitude which none of
them would be slow to express. If the proviso was
wrong, it ought to be opposed on the high ground
of principle, and not on the feeble assumption that
it was unnecessary. To oppose it on the ground
that it was not necessary, was to say in effect,
that it would be sustained if it was necessary.
The gentleman from New York had just in-
formed the House that he was elected as a Wilmot
proviso man, and now he rises and makes it his
boast that he is backing out from the position he
then assurred.
Mr. BROOKS (Mr. Browkt yielding) said, that
although this proviso was made a test, he had told
the people who elected him that he would not
pledge himself to vote for it, that he was willing
to remain at home, but that, if he was elected, he
must go as an independent man.
Mr. BROWN resumed. The gentleman from
New York had certainly taken high ground. But
if he was not mistaken, that gentleman was the
editor of a daily paper in New York, (the Ex-
press,) and in that journal, unless he was again
mistaken, the Wilmot proviso had been sup-
ported. The gentleman, therefore, had not left
much room for doubt as to hts real sentiments.
There was very little occasion for him now to
come forward and to say whether he was for or
against the proviso. But he desired to ask that
gentleman, whether he was for or against this
proviso when its adoption was deemed necessary
for the exclusion of slaves from the new Terri-
tories ? If he was then in favor of the proviso, the
fact that he is now opposed to it, because he is
satisfied that the South cannot cairy her slaves
thither on account of the hostility of the climate
and soil, and other more potential causes, his
position was one not calculated to excite the grati-
tude of the friends of the South.
Mr. BROOKS (Mr. Brown yielding) said, he
had not changed one principle, but he had been
converted to the gentleman's doctrine of non-inter-
vention, or non-action. It had always been his
opinion that the power of the General Government
ought never to be exercised, whether in favor of
or against slavery. If the South should suffer
from her inability to carry her slave property into
these Territories, the North would suffer still more
if she was permitted to do so, because her citizens
would not consent to go to these Territories if sla-
very existed there.
Mr. HOLMES. 1 congratulate the whole coun-
try that the gentleman from New York has given
up his adhesion to the Wilmot proviso.
IVlr. BROWN, (resuming.) The conversion of
the gentleman from New York to the doctrine of
non-intervention had come about as much too late
as his abandonment of the Wilmot proviso. They
were both too late to do any good. If the gentle-
man had kept his hands off slavery before the last
presidential election, then, indeed, the southern
people might have had some reason for gratitude.
But, instead of doing that, the gentleman adheres
to the proviso until it is too late for non-interven-
tion to do any good, and then he forsakes the for-
mer and becomes a convert to the latter.
- The gentleman from New York appeared to be
greatly horrified at what he was pleased to call
political associations on this floor—at the strange
phenomenon of the two great extremes of the
North and the South voting together. He would
explain this apparent inconsistency. The South
regarded the whole of the territory to latitude
42° and east of the Rio Grande as the property of
Texas, and was not disposed to permit any por-
tion of that territory to be surrendered for the
purpose of being made, free soil. This was the
position occupied by the southern extreme. The
northern extreme considers the title of the United
States to all this territory as clear beyond dis-
pute, and therefore are opposed to purchasing it.
This is the reason why the two extremes are act-
ing together on principles apparently antagonisti-
cal, for the purpose of defeating this bill. Is it
remarkable that he (Mr. B.) and his southern
associates, believing conscientiously that the title
to the country, in the language of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] is in Texas,
and that the United States has neither title nor
color of title, should refuse to give it up? Is it
strange that other gentlemen, believing,as they say
they do, that the title of the United States is clear
and indisputable, should refuse to pay Texas ten
millions to withdraw an unfounded claim? Gen-
tleman may pretend to marvel at this singular
political conjunction, but they all know perfectly
well the motives which have produced it.
He however deemed that it would be found
quite as remarkable a political phenomenon that
the gentleman from New York, and many of his
political friends from the South, should be found
cheek-by-jowl with these same detested Pree-Soil-
ers on another question. We vote with them from
exactly opposite motives, as the gentleman and the
whole country very well know. But from what
motive does the gentleman and his southern friends
vote with them for the admission of California?
is there any opposite motive, there ? None, sir,
none. There is one motive common to them all,
and that is, the admission of a free State into the
Union. The gentleman expresses special wonder
that we are found voting with the Free-Soilers.
Can he give any other reason than the one just as-
signed why he and his southern friends vote with
them on another question ?
Until the gentleman could assign some satisfac-
tory reason why he and his party, North and.
South, were found in political fellowship with
every Free-Soiler and Abolitionist in the land for
the admission of California, it would be modest to
suppress his wonder at the accidental association
of Free-Soilers and southern gentlemen on the
boundary of Texas.
The difference between us (said Mr. B.) is this:
we act with them from extremely opposite mo-
tives; you from concurrent opinions and senti-
ments; and we will leave to posterity and the
country to decide which stands most justified in
the eyes of all honest and impartial men.
But his mam object in raising to address the
House was to say what were the demands of the
South. She asks for an equal participation in the
enjoyment of all the common property;and if this
be denied, she demands a fair division. Give it
to her, give it by non-intervention, by non-action,
or by any other means, and she will be satisfied.
This is her right, and she demands it. But if, in-
stead of doing this, the North insists on taking
away the territory and abridging the rights of the
South, she will not submit to the wrong in peace,
nor meanly kiss the hand that smites her. He
uttered no threat, but it was his duty to say that
the South could neither forget nor forgive a wrong
like this. She cannot forget that these new 1 erri-
tories were purchased in part by her blood and
