610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. FOOTE. It will not surprise any one, I
am sure, that I feel ambitious this morning to utter
a few words in my own defence. The newspaper
has been attacked—I have not been attacked. The
course of the Senator is in character with himself.
He makes no direct attack—his attack is insidious
and covert; and yet you know, Mr. President, and
all honorable Senators know, that I was the only
object of assailment. This course of hostility—
for hostility it is, and must be so considered by all
now present, and by the twenty millions of en-
lightened freemen whom we recognize as country-
men, and by posterity, too, if posterity shall take
account of such a scene as this—this course of
hostility is one that I never had the least taste for,
and never expect to have the least taste for. I am
a plain man—a frank man—a direct man. I feel
that I can say that, without incurring suspicion of
undue egotism. If I have anything to say of any
man, I say it to his face, and in his hearing, and
in as plain language as I conceive to comport with
the rules of decorum which apply to thS case.
Now, sir, it is suggested and charged that the
report of my speech, or speeches, in the Intelli-
gencer and Union of this morning—for they are
both the same report, for a cause which I shall
mention presently—is a false report of what
occurred yesterday. Well, sir, it is certainly not
exactly, I presume, as the debate progressed, for
an obvious reason. Our reporters are certainly as
accurate as reporters generally are; but they are
badly located, and they have complained to us
that they have but a poor opportunity to hear dis-
tinctly and satisfactorily what is said by honora-
ble Senators. Yesterday presented an occasion
very unfavorable to accurate reporting. A most
stormy debate—an exciting, tempestuous discus-
sion occurred—and there was much confusion in
this hall. The reporters were certainly unable to
perform their duty as fully and as satisfactorily to
themselves, as is customary. I state what honor-
able Senators very well know, that 1 have been 111
the habit of taking the notes of the reporters, and
■writing out my remarks. Many honorable Sena-
tors are not reported at all. The history of the
honorable Senator who has spoken this morning,
is known to harmonize with this particular course
of procedure. I believe the reports of the Sena-
tor s speeches are understood to be presented to
the count™- pretty much as he writes them out
himself. Such has been understood to have been
his former uniform practice, and I presume it is
so yet.
Now, sir, the reporter [for the Union] yesterday
presented me with notes, not of a few remarks,
such as fell from other gentlemen, who could be
very well heard, and set down with but few and
slight inaccuracies, and leaving, as he confesses,
one or two chasms, which, being supplied, there
was an end of his task, but I spoke at length—I
spoke rapidly. I spoke cerlainly with great heat,
and with much more rapidity than the Senator
from Missouri is in the habit of exhibiting. In
other words, I always speak more rapidly than
the Senator from Missouri, as you all know. My
voice is perhaps not so distinct as his—my enun-
ciation may not be quite so clear—I am not so
much in the habit of speaking for tne ear of
reporters, as the Senator from Missouri and some
others, and I find it very difficult indeed for any
reporters here to report me correctly. Honorable
Senators, -who know my usual mode of speaking,
can understand this matter. The notes of the
reporter, which were handed to me, contained
many chasms, which I had to supply; and it did
so happen, that a considerable number of those
vacant places, in the notes of the reporter, covered
the spaces referred to this morning, of personal
altercation between the honorable Senator and
myself. What did 1 do? Why, sir, here at this
tabic, in the prcscnce of various Senators, 1 cor-
rected some twenty pages of notes; I simply took
the notes, as written, and corrected them as they
were written out, supplying sometimes a word,
and sometimes three or four words, sometimes
four or five lines, and sometimes a whole para-
graph—for such was the state of the notes. I cor- j
rected, in this way, some twenty pages of the |
notes before the Senate adjourned. Was this sys- j
tematic? Was this cold-blooded ? Was this de-
liberate? Was there any deliberate attempt at '
fraud here? And, sir, I pursued the same course I
at home. This was the first part of the publica- !
tion, in our papers this morning, of the debates i
that occurred yesterday, and necessarily I had to
write out, what I did write, as hastily as possible,
to let it take its proper place in the paper. I do
not vouch for the exact language of the whole.
I confess—I am willing to acknowledge—there
was one omission, and one which may be consid-
ered by some gentlemen an important omission;
but I have good authority for that omission. In
the course of the rapid discussion in which I was
proceeding, in the course of a very fervid speech,
I happened to allude to an affair of honof, now
adjusted, between the Senator from Missouri and
a friend of mine on this floor. I alluded to it, in
terms of great harshness, certainly, but it is no
great matter of surprise, if, after having been
assailed in language of scurrility, I used lan-
guage of great harshness. Well, sir, the honora-
ble Senator from Alabama, who sits near me,
[Mr. King,] suggested that I had indiscreetly al-
luded to that affair—perhaps I might say, the gen-
tleman, who was referred to in the case, entertained
the same opinion, and expressed it here to me,
that it was unfortunate that I had referred to that
affair. What (lid I say ? I said at once to my
friend, I will admit that it was indelicate, and I will
omit it in the published speech; and I did omit it.
Now, that was, perhaps, the harshest thing that I
said, with perhaps one exception, which I will not
now refer to. I give my reason for omitting what
I did; I believe the reason to be a good one; but,
if it is desired, it shall appear in print, as reported
by the reporter, with such efforts on my part to
supply actual omissions in the notes as I am
capable of making. If it will avail the Senator
anything, he shall have it.
Now, sir, I undertake to assert that the report,
which the Senator from Missouri acknowledges is
substantially correct m the Republic, is substantial-
ly harmonious with the report which appears in
the Union and Intelligencer, with this difference,
chiefly, (and I regard that as the only difference in
fact,) that the repoiter for the Republic necessarily
condenses all our debates, and so condenses that a
long speech, of four or five columns in the Intelli-
gencer, is found sometimes in the Kcpublic in half
a column or a single column. Such is the casein
this instance. I spoke, as Senators well know,
long enough to have occupied two or three col-
umns in either the Intelligencer or the Union, and
yet what I said, and what was said in reply to me,
when published in the Republic, is found not to
overspread more than a column and a quarter. I
will say, then, that the report in the Republic is
substantially accurate, except in the respect alluded
to, that the report is condensed necessarily, so
J (hat the remarks I made are found in a very nar-
i now compass, and much that I said is left out,
which 1 endeavored to supply in the Intelligencer
and Union. The gentleman says he will take the
notes of the two reporters—the notes of the re-
porters of the Intelligencer, and those of the re-
porters of the Union. The Intelligencer in this
case relied upon the notes taken by the reporters
of the Union.1 For that reason, the reports in
these two papers will be found to be precisely sim-
ilar. This is very often found to be the case.
The customary exchange of printed slips takes
place between them, m consequence of which we
very often find the same leport piccisely, in each
of these papers, of any particular speech.
But, s'r, the language especially objected to, is
that contained in the concluding sentence. Wheth-
er I spoke of "age" or not, I am not prepared to
say positively; that was left blank in the notes
brought to me. I filled it up according to my
memory of what occurred. I will not undertake
' It is due to the reporters for this paper to state, that the
honorable Senator has here been led into error, ot which
he is doubtless unconscious. Our reporters prepared a tull
leport of the debate alluded to, and ii.iniU d it into ihe office
at an early hour on Tuesday evening, (t was not submitti d
to the examination of either of the lio'nrabie Senatois who
took pait in tiiat discussion, because neheaey foibade con-
sultation on a sublet so much to be riyteued. At a Milise-
ijuent peiiod of the mailt. the foreman" received a me.—ago
tioin the office of the Union, stating that Mr. roorK (as
is usual wuli rllat gentleman) was levi-ieg in, reirrik^, and
d'sued t'.iat the same version of tin in . horild appe„i ui [he
Intelligence!. Tins being a piivileie v.lneh is ainajs !u-
corded to Senator, when they will iinn-.go die labui winch
its eveieise no essarily imposes, sue loieinan, supposing tne !
matter to Le sniMantially the same, fed -Hit Invil.ii.j to con - 1
ph. with the request made ill the name ol Mr. Footk, and 1
substituted the printed copy sent fioni Hie Union toi the 1
nmnuseiipl of the ri pollers, which had been pieviollsly put !
in his possession. These are the t.iets or the ease. No part I
of the leport of to-day has undergone i evBion by the speala- j
crs.~—National Intelligencer. I
to say that I used the word " age" in my remarks
yesterday. I will not undertake to say that the
very words reported, are the very words I used;
but every Senator will remember, that I distinctly
alluded to the fact that the Senator from Missouri
was understood as not holding himself responsible
to the laws of honor; and 1 did say, most emphat-
ically, aad it is so reported, that if the door was
opened by him—if he would say that he held him-
self responsible to the laws of honor—I would take
the proper steps to bring him to a just punish-
ment. I said all this in the hearing of the Senate.
Was it not so understood by the Senate? Was
it not substantially the same? Where is the dif-
ference? I will not undertake to say that I used
the word " age." If I did not, I certainly ought
to have done so, because that is, to some extent,
a circumstance which does weigh with gentlemen
in affairs of this kind.
The honorable Senator says that when the notes
were brought to him, he refused to read them.
Well, sir, that is his example. I am not "bound
to follow it. I do not care whether he chose to
read them or not. I chose to read them. I shall
never refuse to read what is brought to me. I
shall always choose to look at the reporter's notes,
and to correct them, wherever I think there are
faults or omissions. But the gentleman says he
would not look at them, nor correct them, for fear
of being suspected of injustice. That motive does
not affect me. I do what I think right, without
caring who suspects my motives, or without think-
ing of the motives of others. That is another dif-
ference between the Senator and myself. Sir,
every one who hears me, will say that the speech
which I delivered yesterday was as harsh as the
speech which was reported. There is not a se-
rious charge reported, either in the Intelligencer or
the Union, that was not uttered yesterday; and if
there was anything in that speech that could give
offence, as reported, that I am supposed by any
one as not having uttered, all I have to say is,
that I utter it now.
And now, sir, I will not bandy epithets with
any man; but after this, I think it my duty to say
what I said yesterday, and what I am reported as
having said—I am done with the affair here. I
did not report that; that was the report of the re-
porter himself. I said so yesterday, and I say so
again; I expressed my opinions; I avowed my
sentiments as really entertained; I declared my
principles of action; I was satisfied with the alter-
cation as it proceeded; I was satisfied with the re-
sult of it, so far as a man can be satisfied with a
mere parliamentary altercation; and I announced
here, deliberately, m the presence of the Senate
yesterday, that, so far as the Senate was con-
cerned, I was done with the affair—I should pros-
ecute it no further here.
Now, I do not care what the Senator says.
| Why, sir, his voice of denunciation passes by me
as the idle winds. Months ago, I expressed my
opinion of his course—ten years ago, as he knows,
1 expressed my opinion of him. I have reason to
know, and I can prove, that he was greatly of-
fended with what I then said. I have had occa-
; sion very often to speak of that Senator publicly;
j I did so in a published letter last summer, over
I my own signature; I have done so here,in a man-
I ner evidently very offensive to him; and I did yes-
terday say, and 1 repeat again as much of harsh
and disrespectful language as I am reported in
the Intelligencer and Union to have uttered. What
could I do more? I should dishonor the Senate—
I should discredit myself—if I were now, after
what has occurred, to repeat the language which
I usc-d yesterday in the presence of the Senate. I
avow the speech as printed; I avow every word
that I am reported to have said; and I care not
whether that Senator considers it falsely reported,
or not. His opinion is with me a matter of abso-
lute indifference.
Theie is a single point on which I have a little
cui iosiiv, and that is, to see how this thing will be
reported in the morning.
I did say yesterday that the Senator was under-
stood to disavow the laws of honor. I have seen
it printed by one of his colleagues in the other
House within the last week; 1 have seen the same
fact printed repeatedly; and 1 have had especial
reason to suppose it to be true. A common im-
pression to that effect has certainly existed. I
wish to know this morning whether I am author-
ized to understand—for the language of the Senator
