1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 29,
treasure, and she will not forgive the power that
snatches them from her. He had never under-
taken to say what course the South would fe§l it
her duty to pursue on the consummation of her un-
just exclusion from these Territories, but he would
say, that the act of her exclusion would sink like
a poisonous arrow into the hearts of her people,
and it would rankle there and in the hearts of their
children, as long as the union of these States con-
tinued. The consummation of northern policy-
may not produce an immediate disunion of these
States; but it will produce a disunion of northern
and southern hearts; and he left it to others to say
whethera political union under such circumstances
could be long maintained, or whether it was worth
maintaining.
It can excite no feeling of gratitude that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] says he is
now opposed to the Wilmot proviso. He is for
■the spirit of the proviso. He would be for its
letter, if it was necessary for our exclusion. He
consents to abandon it simply because it is use-
less. There was a day when it was potential.
Then the gentleman was for it. Now, when he
supposes our exclusion almost perfect and the
means at hand for its entire consummation, he
magnanimously abandons theproviso. Wonderful
liberality ! Amazing generosity to the South ! If
the gentleman is not canonized as the most gener-
ous man of his age, surely gratitude will have
failed to perform her office.
We of the South well understand the means
employed for our exclusion. This proviso, once
so much in favor with the gentleman from New
York, now so graciously abandoned, performed
its office. It was held in terrorem over California:
southern property, termed as property always is,
was kept' out of the country. The column of
southern emigration was checked at the onset—
whilst every appliance was resorted to to swell
the column of northern emigration. Every means
was resorted to which political ingenuity could
devise and Federal power make effective, to hurry
on this emigration, and then, with indecent haste,
the emigrants, yet without names or habitations*
in the country, were induced to make a pretended
State constitution, and insert in it the Wilmot pro-
viso. The gentleman need not be told how far
the Federal Administration was responsible for
these things. He need not be reminded that he
and his quandam proviso friends were prominent
actors in all these scenes. Need he be told that the
proviso was the shibboleth of their power? It
was used so long: as it was effective. It was used
for our prostration, and now it is thrown aside for
no better reason than that it is useless—that it is
no longer necessary.
Does not the gentleman from New York know
very well that the California constitution is no
constitution until adopted by Congress ? Does he
not know that that constitution contains the pro-
viso ? Does he not know that the proviso is pow-
erless in that constitution until sanctioned by Con-
gress? And does he not mean to vote for that
constitution, with the full intent and purpose of
giving vitality to that proviso? With how much
of liberality—with how much of justice to the
South does the honorable gentleman come forward
to assure us that he is against the proviso ? The
gentleman is opposed to ingrafting the proviso on
the territorial bills for Utah and New Mexico; and
we thank him for his opposition. But what rea-
son does the gentleman give for this opposition?
The decrees of God have already excluded us.
He has no idea that slavery would ever penetrate
the country. He is opposed to the proviso, be-
cause it is unnecessary. If it was at all necessary
for our exclusion, the honorable gentleman would
be for it. He must ex"use U3 if our gratitude
fails to become frantic for this singular exhibition
of forbearance and liberality.
Mr. B. was willing to trust the rights of the
South on the strict doctrine of non-intervention.
If God, in his providence, had in fact decreed
against the introduction of slavery into Utah and
New Mexico, he and his people bowed in humble
submission to that decree. We think the soil and
climate are propitious to slave labor; and if they
are not, we shall never seek the country with our
slaves. All we ask of you is, that you will not
interpose the authority of this Government for us
or against us. We do not fear the Mexican laws,
if you will in good faith siand by the doctrine of
non-intervention. We will risk the protection of
the Federal Constitution, and the banner of the
stars and stripes for ourselves and our property.
All we ask of you is, that you will in good faith
stand neutral.
He had never announced his purpose of voting
against the territorial government for Utah. He
meant to vote for it, and he should vote for the
territorial government for Mew Mexico if the
boundary was so arranged as to respect the rights
of Texas. He was opposed to the admission of
California, because her constitution was a fraud—
a fraud deliberately perpetrated for the purpose of
excluding the South; but he was in favor of giv-
ing governments to Utah and New Mexico on the
ground of strict non-intervention. He did not
want to be cheated in this business, and he there-
fore proposed this question to the honorable gen-
tleman from New York: Suppose we pass these
Utah'and New Mexican bills at-this session with-
out the Wilmot proviso; and suppose the southern
people commence moving into the Territories with
their slaves, and it becomes apparant that they are
to be slave Territories and ultimately slave States;
and suppose that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Root,] at the opening of the next Congress, offers
the Wilmot proviso with a view to check our emi-
gration and to exclude us from the Territories with
our slaves, will the gentleman, if a member of
Congress, then vote for the proviso?
Mr. BROOKS replied in the negative, as far as
he was heard.
Mr. BROWN. Then if we take our slave prop-
erty into the Territories, we are assured that we
are not to be disturbed in its peacabie and quiet
enjoyment by any act of this Government.
Mr. BROOKS said, that if he should be here
he certainly should not vote to repeal any territo-
rial bill for which he had voted. He only spoke
for himself.
Mr. BROWN was gratified to hear this state-
ment; whilst he could not insist on the gentleman
answering for the North, he must express his re-
gret that he did not feel authorized to answer at
least for his political friends. The gentleman had
answered manfully, and, he did not doubt, sin-
cerely; and if the whole North, or a majority even,
would answer in the same way, it would go far
towards restoring harmony. He asked honorable
gentlemen whether they were ready to pipe to the
tune set them by the gentleman from New York?
If they were, the whole South would listen. It
was a kind of music they liked to hear from the
North. There was in it more of the gentle harp,
and less of the war-bugle than they had been ac-
customed to from that quarter.
Mr. BROOKS said, it appeared after all that
there was no essential difference between them.
Mr. BROWN. So far as this Congress is con-
cerned, we ask nothing more than that we shall be
treated as equals, and that no insulting discrimina-
tion should be made in the action of Congress
against slave property. If the gentleman agrees to
this, there can be no essential difference between
us..
Now, Mr. Speaker to the subject of the Texas
boundary. Is there one man in this House, or
throughout the nation, who does not knqw that but
for the question of slavery, there would be no such
question as that of theTexas boundary ? Suppose,
sir, that Texas and New Mexico were both as
clearly slaveholding countries as North and South
Carolina, how long, sir, do you think, it would
take this Congress to fix a boundary between
hem? Notonehour—certainly not one day. Of
what consequence could it be to the Noth, whether
Texas extended to the 32d or to the 42d degree, or
to any intermediate point? Take out the question
of slavery, and of what consequence is it where
the boundary of Texas may be fixed ? Does any
man suppose that the money-loving men of the
North would vote ten millions of dollars from a
common treasury to buy a slip of soil from a
slaveholding State, simply to give it to a slavehold-
ing Territory? No, no. We all understand this
matter. If the country is left in the possession and
ownership of Texas, it must be slave territory, and
if it is given up to New Mexico, you mean that it
shall become free territory, and you do not intend
to leave any stone unturned to accomplish this end.
We know this, and we govern ourselves accord-
ingly. Let northern gentlemen speak out on this
subject. The thin covering, that they want to do
justice between Texas and New Mexico, furnishes
a poor disguise to the real purpose. We all know
that slavery restriction is the lever with which you
are lifting the title of Texas off this country, and
giving it up to New Mexico; and we all know that
you are attempting to do this without right, or
color of right, to perform such an act.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Mr. Brown yielding)
3aid, that Texas claimed the Rio Grande for its
whole extent to be her western boundary. By
the resolutions annexing Texa3 to the United
States, slavery is interdicted north of36°30' within
her professed limits. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Botd]
provides that slavery may exist in any portion of
the territory west of the boundary of Texas, as
proposed by the Senate bill, between 32° and 38°
north latitude, east of the Rio Grande. That is,
the amendment provides that slavery may exist
in any part of said territory, according as the peo-
ple inhabiting it may determine for themselves
when they apply for admission into the Union.
So that to the extent of so much of said territory
now claimed by Texas, lying between 36° 30' and
38° north latitude, the South, according to the test
of my able and worthy friend from Mississippi,
stands upon a better footing under the amendment
proposed than she does under the resolutions of
Texas annexation.
Mr. BROWN resumed. If we are left in that
condition in which we were by the annexation
resolutions, we are satisfied. What we ask in
regard to Utah, New Mexico, and California, is,
that the North will not, by means direct or indi-
rect, disturb us then in the quiet enjoyment of
our property. What we ask in regard to Texas
is, that you will abide by the resolutions of an-
nexation. We are satisfied with the contract,
and we are opposed to making any other. This
contract gives us all south of 36° 30' as slave ter-
ritory, and dedicates all north of that line to free
soil. We stand by this. If gentlemen want to
buy from Texas her territory north of 36° 30', let
them do it. They had his full consent to give her
ten, twelve, or fifteen millions of dollars. He
should interpose no objection. But when it came
to selling out slaveholding Texas with a view of
enabling the North to make New Mexico a non-
slaveholding State the more readily, he felt it his
duty to interpose by all the means in his power.
He never meant to give his vote for any proposi-
tion or combination of propositions which looked
to the deprivation of Texas of one inch of her
rightful soil, lie wanted to deal fairly by all
parts of the country. He trusted he should be as
ready to act fairly by the North as by the South,
but he invoked the vengeance of Heaven if ever
he gave his vote for any bill or proposition to buy
the soil of a slave State to convert it into free soil.
Mr. CLARKE obtained the floor, and,
On his motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees;
By Mr. IJEBARD: The petition of P. E. Fullerton anil 62
other citizens of Chester, in the county of Windsor and
Slate of Vermont, asking lor a revision of the tariff of 3846,
and establishing specific instead ol ad valorem duties.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of J. J. Sandford and 93
others, citizens of iMnryland, askinsr for the <liatnl>utiou of
the public lands in limited quantities to actual settlers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 29, 1850.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
certain citizens of Arkansas, in favor of Ashley
Davis, and asking that he may be placed on the
pension roll; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Pasqueton to Animosa, in that State} which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roada.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBATIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Lewis Ralston, asking indemnity for loss of
improvements of which he was dispossessed con-
trary to the treaty with the Cherokees of 1835 and
1836} asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same; which was agreed to.
