612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
On motion by Mr. M., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Henry Acker and Andrew Backus,
officers of the land office at Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, praying compensation for locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants; and it was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. M., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of J^mes Wolf and nenety-four others, of
the county of Whitley, Indiana, asking Congress
to provide ways and means to suppress the Afri-
can slave trade; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WELLBORN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the resolution
of the House of the 13th February last past,
instructing that committee to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law adequate pun-
ishment of the persons who shall, as agents or
attorneys, receive from the departments of the
Government, money or other property, and fail to
pay the same promptly over to the party for which
they act, reported a bill to define certain offences,
and to provide an adequate punishment therefor;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the Board of Health
of New Orleans upon the subject, reported a bill
imposing a tax upon alien passengers coming into
the United States, to provide for its recovery, and
to direct payment of its proceeds to eleemosynary
purposes, to such State officers as may be author-
ized to receive them; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VENABLE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of William
Woolbridge and Henry Chipman; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to compensate and reimburse
the owners and crew of the whaling ship Chand-
ler Price, for losses and expenses in ransoming
the crew of the ship Columbia; which was lead
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, fo
which had been referred the petition of Joseph H.
Davis, and other officers and seamen engaged in
the whale fishery, reported a bill supplementary
to the act for the relief of sick and disabled sea-
men, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAY, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to which had been leferred the following
bills, reported the same back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that they pass; which
bills wera severally read by their titles, and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed, viz:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas
Lachance; and
The bill for the payment of the debts due to the
heirs of Antoine Peltier.
Mr. SAWTELLE, from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims, made an adverse report on
the petition of the heirs of Jonathan Hodge for
commutation pay; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. SAWTELLE, the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Benja-
min Daniels, senior, and other citizens of Ohio,
who served in the war of 1812, praying Congress
to grant them the same bounty in land which was
granted to those who served in the war with
Mexico; and it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. M1LLSOM, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made adverse reports on the
following cases; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed, viz:
The memorial of the heirs of William Hixt,
deceased, of'South Carolina, of the continental
line in the revolutionary war, praying for com-
mutation pay;and
The memorial of James B. White and Bennet
White, heirs at law of Captain William Daven-
port, deceased, for commutation pay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first and
second time by their titles, and referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the reports
accompanying, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Wishart;
A bill for the relief of the grandchildren of Ma-
jor-General Baron De Kalb; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain Sam-
uel Ransom, an officer of the revolutionary war,
killed at the battle of Wyoming.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the followingcases; which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The claim of Catharine Van Rensselaer, for
commutation pay; and
The petition of the heirs of Reynal, alias Nick
Hillary, praying for remuneration, in lieu of
bounty land, of which they were defrauded.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by
their titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the reports accompanying, or-
dered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of theheirsof Joseph Savage;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Calwell, of the
city of Philadelphia, the administrator, with the
will annexed, of William T. Smith, of said city,
merchant, in behalf of the distributers of said
estate; and
A bill for the relief of Ezra Chapman.
Mr. ft., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of March Ferrington,
for remuneration for losses sustained by the receipt
of counterfeit money; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, by
their titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the reports accompanying,
oidered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs at law of Colonel
David Hopkins; arid
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dennis
Purcell.
Mr. M., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of John Coltman, son
of Captain Robert Coltman, for arrears of pay
due for revolutionary services; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. M., the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims was discharged from the further
consideration of the following cases, and they were
ordered to lie on the table, viz:
The petition of Thomas H. Baird, the admin-
istrator of Dr. Absalom Baud, deceased, and the
petition of Samuel H. Kirk, and other heirs of
Robert Kirk, deceased, for commutation pay.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, refeired to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the reports accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Semoice, a
friendly Creek Indian; and
A bill further to amend an act, approved the 2d
July, 1836, for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lmn
McGhee, and Semoice, a Creek Indian, and also
an act passed the 2d July, for the relief of Susan
Marlow.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private I
Land Claims, made an adverse report on the peti- I
tion of James Wood, of Anderson county, Ten- '
nessee, asking to be compensated for loss of a !
land warrant, issued in consequence of services in
the war of 1812; which was ordered to lie on the i
table and be printed. jj
Mr. RUMSEY, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill to amend an act
entitled An act for the relief of Frederick Dernve,
- ' August 14, 1848; which was read a first j
and second time by its title, referred to a Commis-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the report ac-
companying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Indiatv
Affairs, reported a bill authorizing the negotiation
of treaties with the Indian tribes in the Territory
of Oregon, for the extinguishment of their claims
to land lying west of the Cascade mountains, and
for other purposes; which was read tv#ice by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of B. M. Bouton, Harriet F. Fisher, and Georgs
Wright.; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the payment of the volunteers of
the State of "Vermont, for services at the battle of
j Plattsburg; which'was read a first and second time
1 by its title, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the Com-
j mittee on Military Affairs, reported the following
i bills; which weie severally read a first and second
I time by their titles, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the reports ac-
companying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the releif of William Hawkins; and
A bill for the relief of Alden and Williams.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports in the following cases; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed, viz:
The petition of L. C. Duncan, for services as
assistant surgeon of the Louisiana volunteers;
The petition of Ruth Freeman, the widow of
Captain Thomas Freeman, of Ohio, for compen-
sation for extraordinary services in the war of
1812, and for a reimbursement of moneys ad-
vanced; and
j The petition of Thomas McDonnell, of Fayette
j county, Ohio, for a pension, and for bounty land,
' for services rendered under General Anthony
Wayne.
Mr. CHANDLER,from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of John Gulp, the administrator of Samuel
Dixon, asking remuneration for the military ser-
vices of said Dixon; which was ordered to he on
the table and be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill authorizing the settlement, on principles of
equity, of the claim of South Carolina, for moneys
paid to the volunteers of that Slate, for services
and losses in the Florida war; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to promote the efficiency of
the naval establishment, for providing a retired list
for disabled officers, and for reducing the number
of officers; which was read twice by Its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the report accompanying
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Captain Lewis Warrington and others;
which was read twice by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the re-
port accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, arid, with the reports accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Gustavus A. De Russey,
late an acting: purser in the Navy; and
A bill for the relief of David Myerle.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Jonathan Gardner,
a wounded privateer, for a pension; which was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Doctor Ed-
ward L. Du Barry, a surgeon in the United States
navy; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole on
