■me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug, 29,
fifty pounds a year. I have no doubt he can get
able-bodied men to take these chairs for such sala-
ries as he supposes; b,ut 1 think he is mistaken .if
he supposes he can get competent men to do it
who will not require a,salary as high as it is pro-
posed to give. The instruction at this institution
is peculiar. In mathematics it is more extensive
and thorough than elsewhere; and the science of
warand of military engineering1 is taught in no
other institution of the country. Therefore these
chairs must necessarily be filled by officers dra$rn
from the army, and must be men of the highest
attainment in their profession. On being appointed
professors, they surrender the right of promotion
in the army and all prospects of professional dis-
tinction. It is only those of the highest attain-
ments in science, and of the best capacity, who are
selected for these duties: The Senator from
Mjine was never more mistaken than in the sup-
position that the salaries are higher than those
given to men of sitpilar occupation and standing in
other institutions of the country. They are below
what is received in many institutions—greatly be-
low that which Lhey could elsewhere obtain; but
the professors have a pride in the pi ogress and
success of the institution, some of them having
been connected with it more than twenty years.
Having grown up with the institution, they feel
that attachment which binds them to it, and is su-
perior to pecuniary temptation, but it may not be
to depreciation and neglect by the country whom
they have so long and so advantageously served.
Again, the Senator from Maine is mistaken in
supposing there has been no complaint on the
part of the professors,, and that the position is
favorable to low salaries. The place is one where
the living is expensive, and, as they have,to enter-
tain m-Ach- company, their salaries barely support
them There are many places where they could
be supported for much, less, and where they could
obtain higher salaries. The institution has borne
good fruit,arid I think, it isa poor economy to strike
at the source of the army's glorious reputation by
parsimony in the salaries of the professors, such
as will deprive the academy, not only of the pres-
ent experienced professors, but render it impossi-
ble, hereafter to obtain l^ke ability. The proposi-
tion is not to any amount woithy of consideration
to increase the expenses of the academy, but to
place it on a basis with respect to these salaries
which will relieve it hereafter from the cavils to
which it has been exposed in consequence of the
manner in which the salaries have been paid, it
is to place the amount paid distinctly and faiily
before the country, so that demagogues may not
have any handle to lay hold, upon in connection
with the compensation made to the professors. It
is that, the salaries may be fixed, so that every man
may know what,is received. The standard fixed
upon is below that of the colleges generally in the
country. If these men are, as I think.they are,
entitled to the gratitude of the country for all they
have bestowed upon it, both in peace and war; if
they have by their instructions at this academy
given efficiency to the army, and greatly increased
the science which has been spread broadcast over
the land, it is but a poor return for such benefits
to be caviling at the proposition to raise the sala-
ries of these professors a few hundred dollars. I
regret thatthese objections haveoccuried. 1 should
have expected every Senator to favor the proposi-
tion, seeing it ie but little more than to change the
mode of compensation by fixing the amount to be
received by commutation of allowances into, a
salary. I expected to see it adopted at once, and
that it never would be changed until some one
ehould propose to increase the salary to such
amount as they could elsewhere receive. An in-
crease, I believe, they should have.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, the manner
of the Senator from Mississippi partakes more of
the camp than the Senate. He undertakes to
decide ex cathedra whether my remarks are appli-
cable to the question or not. Of that the Senator
must permit me to judge. I do not choose to sub-
mit to his decision when he undertakes to pro-
nounce upon the pertinency of my remarks. 1 am
the judge of that msiter, whether-they are applica-
ble or not to the subject before the Senate, and not
that Senator, if he sees fit to call me to order, to
that mode of testing the point I am ready to sub-
mit. i made the suggestion that here was a prop-
osition to increase salaries without necessity dis-
closed to the Senate. I saw fit to, call the attention
of the Senate to that subject, because I saw, on
every hand, an indication of increase of expendi-
tures. I remarked that I thought proper to call
attention to this subject in all cases, whether large
or small. This is no great matter; but it involves
an increase of salaries, as I think, without neces-
sity, and I have done my duty in noticing the fact.
I think we should look into every case, and see
that the expenditures of the Government are not
unnecessarily increased. I leave the subject with
the Senate. It is of itself,,of but little consequence,
and I will not consume further .tipne, remarking
only that it is time to stop the uanecessary in-
crease of expenditures in all cases.
Mr. DAVIS. If I had ever supposed that I
could gain anything by lecturing the honorable
Senator from Maine, I should give it up now as
hopeless, and come to the conclusion that he was
unteachabU. The remarks of the Senator were
not applicable, because they were directed to a
state of facts which did not exist; and now he
takes issue with me because I tell him so. He
cannot alter the facts. They are there; and I have
a right, and every other man has a right, to judge
of the applicability of his argument, when he
argues as to the facts.
Whether my manner belongs to the camp or the
forum, I trust that my arguments will always be
founded on truth. The Senator has committed
an error as to the facts. If he did not commit an
error, he'must have known that he was attacking
that which did not exist. I supposed that he was
committing an eiror, because the facts did not
exist so as to justify the attack. If he takes issue
on that, let him do so and make the most of it.
But he winds up by saying that it is a matter of
such smail importance that he leaves it to the
Senate 
Mr. BRADBURY. Without further remark.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; and he leaves it pre-
cisely where he found it. I think it is probable
that he has not changed the opinion of any one;
nor even given sufficient reasons to justify his
own. And if the matter is one of such small im-
poitance, it is a great pity the Senator did not
think of that befoie, and allow the question to be
taken without giving rise to this debate.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken on the remaining amendments altogether,
as lhey follow as a matter of course from the adop-
tion of the last amendment. They are merely
verbal, so as to make the several parts of the bill
agree.
The question was then taken on the remaining
amendments proposed by Mr. Hunter, and they
were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I offer an amend-
ment to come in at the end of the tenth line, as a
proviso to that clause of the bill.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
"Prowled, Tiiat the supeuntemlent shall have rank by
lineal g4A<ie or brevet not below that of lieutenant colonel,
and that the commandant ot cadets shall have rank bv lineal
guide, or brevet, not Udow that of a major."
Mr. DAVIS. I will state in a. few words the
reasons which induce me to offer that amendment.
The compensation of the superintendent, if he
have lower rank than is there provided, is too
small. No officer can consistently with his own
jntete^t hold the office unless he have higher com-
pensation than is allotted to the rank of the present
superintendent. The late war with Mexico has
given to that corps several brevets They have
several officers above ihe rank indicated by the
amendment. Those officers may be taken by
their brevet rank given for brilliant service, and
such a compensation be thus given as is necessary
to support the officer holding that station. That
is the reason for the first branch of the amend-
ment. The second is that which relates to the
commandant of cadets. He should have the rank
of major, and, as young officers may hereafter ex-
pect to be selected for both posts—the old officers
of engineers having been already detailed for the
post of superintendent, and a great many of the
old officers of other corps for the post of com-
mandant—I wish to give effect to brevet rank in
both cases for the post of commandant. I have
especial reasons.
The commandant should not only be a soldier
of such character and experience as to enable him
to. teach the strategy of war with advantage, but
also to impress his character on those who are to
be taught. ,To effect this, it is essential that he
should be a soldier tried in the war. Young offi-
cers who have acquired no higher rank than a lieu-
tenant by lineal grqde may be selected for the post
of commandant by having .been breveted for distin-
guished services; th'eir experience will be useful,
and their character will be more useful than their
experience, by inspiring military ardor in the
youths under his command. That position is one
which immediately and.entirely regards the mili-
tary branch of instruction in the ,academy—the
rest regards the scientific. The commandant has
charge of the military instruction of the cadets,
and, more than others, forms their military char-
acter.
Mr. YULEE. The object proposed by, the
Senator from Mississippi appears to me to be,a
very desirable one. An objection occurs to me,
however, which I would suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. The su-
perintendent has been selected for his peculiar
qualifications, and his excellent adaptedness to the
position >vhich he now holds, and which he has
occupied with great advantage to the institution
for two or three years. The effect of this amend-
ment, it appears to me, will be to legislate him out
of his position. I think it would be better that an
officer of less grade than is indicated in this amend-
ment might have the attainments and qualities bet-
ter adapting him to that position than might be
found in the grade designated here. It appears to
me that the better plan to reach the object, would
be to fix a compensation adequate to the responsi-
bilities involved, and duties to be performed; in
short, to fix the salary of the superintendent at an
adequate amount, without limiting the discretion of
the department m the grade of the officer to be
selected. The objection I have to the amendment
in its present shape, is, that it would put out of of-
fice a competent and able officer, who has dis-
charged his duties with great credit to the institu-
tion, and might be regarded as implying a censure
upon him which would be disagreeable aud morti-
fying both to that officer and his friends. 1 would,
therefore, prefer that the amendment should be so
shaped as, that while a proper and adequate salary
is attached to the duties of the office, no designa-
tion of rank should be fixed.
Mr. DAVIS. The object of the Senator from
Florida [Mjr. Yulee] could only be attained by
creating what is termed " local rank," a species
of rank known in the British service, but entirely
unknown in our own. Increasing the compensa-
tion alone would not suffice. A local rank might
be given to the superintendent equal to' any grade
which Congress might adopt. Any officer might
be selected; and holding the post would give him,
for the time he held it, a local rank. Then the
compensation follows of course; otherwise it would
be likely that the superintendent would be of lower
grade than the commandant, and that would des-
troy the whole organization of the academy. The
commandant, by the operation of the rules of war,
takes command. It would, therefore, be, necessary
that a law should be enacted to create a local rank
in the academy. If the amendment were so shaped
as to make such a proposition, I think it would
very likely lead to a long debate. I will therefore
withdraw that amendment, and offer another to be
added to the end of the bill.
" For the completion of the riding hall, $8,000."
The late Secretary of War, m considering the
estimates of the last year, struck out the estimate
for the completion of the riding hall, which is un-
finished. The one now in use is poor and badly
constructed. In a letter from the instructor of the
artillery class, who is also instructor of the riding
class, it is stated that, from the-construction of the
building, it is difficult to impart instruction prop-
erly, and that in many instances there is danger of
the cadets losing their lives. • It appears that this
appropriation for the finishing of the riding hall is
essential to the communication of instruction, and
equally essential for the safety of those who are to
be instructed.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ate, in relation to this amendment, that I have
made some inquiries into the subject, and I find
that it would be too late now to make,any changes
m the riding hall. They cannot be made until
next Spring, and I would therefore suggest that
this item might be included in next year's appro-
priations.
