1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
the state of the Union, and, with the report accom-
panying:, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred ajoint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to purchase
for the use of the navy American water-rotted
hemp, reported the same back with a substitute,
providing; that the Secretary of the Navy shall
contract with George W. Billings for three hun-
dred tons of American water-rotted hemp.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
resolution be now put on its passage; and called
for the previous question.
Mr. MOREHEAD asked the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton-] to withdraw the cail
for the previous question, to enable him to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, withdrew the
call, when
Mr. MOREHEAD moved to strike out from the
substitute of the Committee on Naval Affairs, all
after the word " Resolvedand to insert the fol-
lowing-:
Thatthe Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, re-
quired.in procuring the hemp which may be necessary for
naval purposes, to pui chase American water rotted-hemp
alone,or su-clrother American hemp-as the navy may need, in
open market, whenever practicable : Provided, the same can
be had of equal quality with the be^t foreign hemp, and at a
price not exceeding the average price of foreign hemp, for
The five years preceding the passage of the joint resolution
respecting contracts fi>r hemp for the use of the American
navy, approved March 9,1848.
Be it further resolved, That hereafter the Secretary of
the Navy, on advertising for materials for the navy, shall
advertise for cordage, sail cloth, and duck, manufactured in
the Umted States out of American cotton or hemp, and in
receiving bid?, shall in ail ca^esgive the preference to the
American manufacture, provided the same be in all respects
vquat to the foreign article, and can be procured on as good
terms.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, renewed the call
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER expressed some doubt whether
the amendment proposed—which was a substitute
for the substitute of the committee—was in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the joint resolution and the amendments be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr- TOOMBS expressed his astonishment that
the Committee on Naval Affairs should undertake
to force the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a
contract with Mr. Billings, when that officer, under
a decision of the Attorney-General, had refused to
make such a contract. It was a most extraor-
dinary circumstance. The conduct of the commit-
tee was most extraordinary. It was a proceeding
on their part without a precedent, and one which,
when the House came to find out all the facts in the
case, would not be sustained. He hoped the res-
olution would be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then put, and the resolution
and amendments were referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGE moved to suspend the rules, and that
tlae House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; but waived the
motion at the suggestion of
Mr. BAYLY, who asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report an appropriation bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Waysand
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy at West
Point, for the year ending 30th June, 1851; which
was read a first and second time by its title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. desired to report another appropriation
bill, and asked the unanimous consent of the
House for that purpose.
Mr. WOODWARD objected.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Military Affairs, which had been
called when he was absent. There was no ob-
jection; and
Mr. R., fiom the Committee on Military Affairs,
to which had been referred the bill to establish an
iron foundry at Fort Massac, on the Ohio rivei,
reported the same back to the House, accompa-
nied by a report in writing; which bill was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BAYLY again asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report an appropriation bill.
Objected to by several.
Mr. HARLAN moved a reconsideration of the
vote, by which the bill to extend the parent for
Woodworth's planing machine was laid upon the
table. He said he did not desire the vote to be
taken then.
Mr. UTTLEPIELD moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; and
The question being pat, it was carried in the
affirmative.
Mr. INGE moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tellers were demanded on the question; which
were ordered, and the question being put, the
tellers reported—ayes -52, noes 71.
So the House refused to suspend the rules to
go into committee.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. WOODWARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to which had been referred the
bill to protect certain rights of citizens of the
United States, reported the same back to the
House, accompanied by a written report, adverse
to its passage.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table, and,with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Mary Kirby Smith; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the report
accompanying, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial of Nancy Haggard, daughter of
William Grymes, a revolutionary officer, praying
the allowance of interest on commutation pay
granted her in consideration of the services of her
father; and it was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorials of John
Payne, John Horrow, Johnston Slirum, William
Neal, Henry M. Keever, Henry Knaffenberger,
and James H. Bryarly, and numerous other citizens
of Pennsylvania, and of William Stevens, and
other citizens of Ohio, asking bounty land for all
who enlisted in the service of the United States to
the year 1816; and they were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. W. was understood to explain that a
general bill had been reported to meet all such
cases as the above.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a joint resolution ex-
planatory of the act of the 7th July, 1838, March
3d, 1843, and June 17th, 1844; which was read a
first and second time by its title, with a view to its
reference.
Mr. WALDO said he had been instructed by
the committee to ask that the joint resolution be
put on its passage.
Mr. W. explained that the act of July 7, 1838,
granted a pension to the widows of revolutionary
soldiers for five years; the act of March 3d, 1843,
granted a pension for one year; that the act of
June 17, 1844, extended the act of March 3d,
1843, for the term of four years. This bill pro-
vides that the benefit of these acts shall not be
withheld from any widow whose husband died
since the passage of either of said acts, if the said
widow shall be otherwise entitled to the same. It
provides also that no pension shall be granted to
said widow for the same time her husband re-
ceived one; and in case of the death of the widow,
the amountwhich would have been due her on the
i day of her death, may be paid to her administra-
tor for the sole benefit of her children. He said,
by a recent decision of the department, no widow,
I whose husband was living on the 7th of July,
: 1838, can receive the benefit of these acts. This
j bill was intended merely to restore the practice
i under the law of 1838. It did not embrace any
i new class of cases. He hoped it would pass at
; once.
I The resolution was then read and-ordered to be
j engrossed for a third reading; and, being en-
: grossed, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, madean adverse report on
the petition of Mary Chess, the widow of James
Alexander, a soldier in the Mexican war, for a
pension; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a joint resolu-
tion, explanatory of certain acts therein mentioned;
which was read as follows:
Resolevd, $-c., That the provisions of the second section
of the act entitled, "An act amending the act entitled aft
act granting half pay to widows and orphans, wherein their
husbands and fathers have died of wounds received in the
military service of the United States," approved July 23,
3848, extended by the act of the 22d Febiuary, ]S4y, shall
be construed to embrace the widows and orphans of ail per-
sons designated therein, who died while in actual service
in tile late war with Mexico, or in going to, or returning
from the same ; and also to the widows and orphans of all
such persons having been honorably discharged, or having
resigned, shall have died after the passage of the said last
mentioned act, or who njay hereafter die of wounds re-
ceived, or from disease contracted while in said service :
Provided, That the army rolls, showing the death of any of
said persons in the army, shall be sufficient evidence to
establish the fact.
Mr. FREEDLEY. This is the joint resolution
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions some days since, and they have
instructed me to report it back, in an amended
form, in which the objections then suggested by
members are supposed to be obviated, and to
again ask that it be put upon its passage. It is
not intended by this resolution to extend the pres-
ent pension laws, but to give them such construc-
tion as the committee think it was intended they
should have by those who passed them. The act
of July 21, 1848, gives a pension to the widows
and orphans of those soldiers who have died in
the war with Mexico, of wounds received, or of
disease contractcd, lohilein the line of duty. Hence,
under this law, the applicant was compelled to
prove, according to prescribed forms, thatthe dis-
ease of which the soldier died, was contracted
while in the line of hh duty. This often put the ap-
plicant to great trouble, and sometimes was wholly-
impracticable. It caused an inquiry into the nature
of the wound or disease of which he died, and
how contracted. Under its provision, the widows
or orphans of many deserving soldiers, were de-
nied the bounty of Government at the department,
either from want of the necessary proof, or because
the disease of which he died, was of a nature
which could only have been contracted by some
indulgence, not in the line of duty. To remedy
the complaints which arose under this act, that of
the22d February, 1849, was passed,which extends
the benefit of the act of 1848 to the widows and
orphans of all suck soldiers of that war, " who re-
' mained, to the date of their death, in the military
' service of the United States," and to those who
have died since their return " of wounds received,
' or from disease contracted, while in the line of
' duly.''' By this law, it is thought that Congress
intended to give to the widows or orphans of all
soldiers who have died in actual service in the war
with Mexico, a pension for five years, without
regard to what may have been the cause of such
death. The department, however, do not so un-
derstand the law, and still require the applicant to
make the proof required under the act of 1848—
that is, the applicant must prove that the soldier
died of wounds received, or of disease contracted,
while in the lint of duly—otherwise, the bounty of
Government is denied.
Is this just to the widows and orphans of those
gallant men, who exposed their lives in a foreign
land—in an ungenial climate—m thecause of their
country r Their bones whiten the fields of Mex-
ico; and when the widow and starving children
come to your pension office, and demand the
scanty pittance meted out to them by their Gov-
ernment, shall they be told by the Commissioner
of Pensions that " the army rolls show that your
' husband died of delirium tremens, which must
1 have been brought on him by indulgence, not in
' the line of his duty, and hence you can have
' no pension"—or, if the army rolls do not show
the cause of death, be told that they must show,
bv the testimony of a commissioned officer, that
her husband died of wounds received, or of disease
1 contracted, while in the line of duty? Where will
she go to look for such proof? Where are now
those commissioned officers ?
Sir, it is to obviaie these difficulties, that the
present joint resolution is reported by the commit-
