1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug, 29,
for a quarter section of land. Consequently, the
soldier could obtain in the market rrnre than the
commutation price provided for in the bill to which
I refer. But it is proposed by the provisions of
this bill—Ido not r,ecollect whether by the original
provisions of the bill or by virtue of some amend-
ment reported by the committee—that this land
should be granted directly to the soldiers; that
they should take the title to the land which is to
be conferred upon them by the Government, and
that they should not have scrip for the purpose of
taking; it into market.
Mr. FELCH, (in his seat.) That was an
amendment which was adopted by the Senate.
Mr. SMITH. That was an amendment which
has been adopted by the Senate. I most cordially
approve of the provision.
This scrip for a quarter section of land, which,
according to' the minimum price, would amount to
$•200, has been uniformly sold for something over
$100 up to the present price, which t have under-
stood, is about $125. Now, this does not inure
at all to the benefit of the settlers on the public
lands. 1 venture to say that there is not one case
out of a hundred where the actual settler has ob-
tained this scrip at the reduced price. It is uni-
formly purchased by speculators. I have some
information on this subject which I desire to state
to the Senate, and that is the principal object 1 had
in view in now rising to address the Senate.
These speculators, or rather capitalists, who
are desirous of loaning mmey at a higher rate
than the ordinary interest allowed by the laws of
the land, go into the market and purchase this
scrip at the reduced price, from something over
. $100 for a quarter section of land up to the present
marKei nrice, which I have understood is about
0125. They purchase this scrip in very large
quantities. They then go with it to the western
country, and seek out that portion of the people
who are in possession of the public lands—those
Who are entitled to preemption rights; and they
make a contract with them, They take out the
patentin theirown names, and give them a contract
to transfer the title at the minimum price—at
$1 25 cents per acre, t understand that in the
State of Iowa the legal rate of interest is ten per
cent, per annum. These speculators will purchase
scrip for a quarter section at, say, $125; and go to
Iowa and make a contract with the party entitled
to preemption, take the title in their own name,
stipulate for ten per cent, interest, and then enter
into an agreement to transfer the land when it is
paid for. In'lhis way, they will succeed in ob*
taining 15, 20, and 30 percent, per annum on their
money.
Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) And sometimes
fifty per cent.
Mr. SMITH. And , as my worthy friend says,
sometimes even fifty per cent, per annum.
Now, there have been, from this source, enor-
mous evils to thecountry. if this bill is to pass
in the form in which bounties were granted in the
case of the soldiers in the Mexican war, that evil
is to he most enormously aggravated, t doubt ex-
ceedingly, Mr. President, the policy of the bill in
any form, i have regretted that the project should
have been entertained at all. 1 do not believe in
the propriety of it, or in the policy of it. But if it
is to assume the form which the bill granting
bounties to the soldiers of the Mexican war did—
abill for which, by the way, I believe 1 voted; a
bill for which there was a real necessity; for which
there were high public reasons, and which can
therefore be abundantly justified—if it is to assume
that form, I shall certainly vote against it. If,
therefore, these grants are to be made to these
people at all, I am for granting them land at once,
and not granting them scrip, for if we do grant
them scrip, it will be brought into the market, and
$200 worth of land at the minimum price will be
sold for from $100 to $125, and ii will be taken by
capitalists in enormous sums to the West, and sold
there at the full price, together with a stipulation
of the very high rate of interest that is allowed in
that section of the country. I am very sure, there-
fore, that the adoption of the amendment of my
honorable friend from Virginia, although, on the
one hand it might secure'some slight benefit to
those soldiers that reside in his own State and in
my State and in other parts of New England, yet
it will bung a very great evil on the country, and
will secure to speculators, and capitalists, and
usurers, a most enormous advantage.
And I have to say further, that that advantage
would be greatly increased by the passage of the
bill with the amendment now proposed by my
honorable friend from Virginia. 1 believe that the
present price of scrip for a quarter section of land
is about $120 or $125. Now, I say, that the pas-
sage of the bill with the provision proposed by my
honorable friend from Virginia would undoubtedly
have the effect of bringing down the price of that
scrip, though if the amendment reported by the
Committee on Public Lands be adopted, the price
cannot be brought down below $100. But if that
is stricken out, we have no guarantee but that the
price may be reduced even below $100 for a quarter
section of land. Probably it would not fall below
$100. But 1 have no doubt that the passage of the
bill, with the amendment proposed by my honor-
able friend from Virginia, would have the effect of
reducing the present price of this scrip in the
market very probably considerably; it would bring
it down to something like $105 or $110 for a quar-
ter section of land.
I desire, therefore, Mr. President, that if this
bill pass, it shall pass in the form in which it has
been reported from the Committee on Public
.Lands, with this proviso. And i wish to say to
my honorable friend from Virginia, that with that
amendment there willbe secured to his constituents
and to my constituents, probably, all the advan-
tages which would result to them, provided his
amendment is adopted. if his amendment is
adopted, I have no idea that for a quarter section
of land his constituents would get more than $105
or $110. And in regard to the burden that is to
be thrown upon the Treasury, our experience
under the Mexican bounty land bill proves that
that, in all probability, would be very inconsider-
able.
1 am, therefore, opposed to the amendment of
my honorable friend trom Vnginia, 1 think that
the bill should stand as it passed the House of
Representatives, with the amendment submitted
by our Committee on Public Lands, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia be rejected,
this will be a bill granting the land, the title itself,
directly to the soldiers, and they may go into the
market and sell it as we sell other property to
which we have derived title.
But 1 utterly object to this system of issuing
scrip, to be thrown into the hands of capitalists,
to be taken into the western country for purposes
which are little better than usurious—to enable the
capitalists of the country, in placc of realizing six
or seven per cent, per annum, to obtain from
twenty-five to fifty per cent, per annum. That
certainly will be the effect of the amendment of
my honorable friend from Virginia.
Mr. WHlTCOMB. 1 am opposed to both the
amendments. As a bill granting public lands to
the soldiers of the war of 1812 and the Indian
wars, rewarding them for their gallant services in
the hour of peal, and incidentally improving the
frontier country, I can give it my cordial support.
But J am opposed to attaching an amendment to
a bill of so much importance which is calculated
to defeat it. The honorable Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Smith] has remarked that there have
been issued, under the bill granting bounty lands to
the soldiers of the Mexican war, warrants cover-
ing some fourteen millions of acres, and but a
quarter million of dollars only, 1 think he said, in
the shape of scrip
Mr. SMITH. I said there had been that amount
of money drawn from the Tieasury.
Mr. WHlTCOMB. Just so. And yet, sir,
the issuing of land warrants for fourteen millions
of acres has already had the effect of reducing the
value of a land warrant from us par value of $200
to $120—the selling price now in this city. Now,
if you throwupon the market the additional amount
of land warrants authorized by this bill, it will
cause a still further reduction; and if proportionate
to what has already taken place, to less than $100
for a warrant of one hundred and sixty acres—
being less than one half. What will be tl.e effect
of such a reduction ? Evidently, under the first
amendment, the drawing of the value of nearly the
whole amount of lands authorized by this bill from
the treasury, in the shape of scrip, ledeemable
only at the pleasure of the Government, and en-
titling the soldier merely to his yearly pittance of
interest from the Treasury. As this scrip would
only be one half of the minimum value of the land,
the interest would be so mere a trifle that the cost
of getting it would exceed its value, and in ninety-
nine cases out of a hundred it would not be col-
lected. The. .consequence is obvious. Greedy
capitalists and unscrupulous speculators would
gradually absorb the reward of the poor soldier at
a still further sacrifice, and there would be created
a national debt in favor of capitalists, with no mate-
rial or lasting advantage to the soldier.
The last amendment, in effect, allows the claim
of the soldier to be transferred before he becomes
the owner of the land. The "committee properly
regarded this as an evil, and their efforts to prevent
it would, by this amendment, be frustrated. Ex-
perience has shown, as often as the policy has
been tried, that the effect of the power of previous
transfer is to rob the poor unsuspecting soldier who
has periled his life, to enrich the speculator. If
capitalists engross the soldier's pay in the shape
of land warrants, they will be converted by the
owners into large bodies of lands on the frontiers,
unsettled and unimproved, opposing the march of
individual industry and national wealth. On the
contrary, if the soldier is protected from bein<  de-
frauded of his claim until he becomes the owner of
the soil, even if living at an inconvenient distance,
he will be able to command a better price for it.
If he holds on to it after it is patented to him, it
will constantly be increasing in value by the sur-
rounding settlements. It will not only soon reach
its par value, but in the present progress of the
rapid improvement of our country, go far beyond
it. Above all, it would serve as a home for the
soldier in his declining years. The supposed in-
convenicnce, arising from the distance of the sol-
dier from the place where he desires to select his
land, is easily obviated. His personal presence
under this bill is by no means necessary. The
land can be located in his absence and the patent
sent to him.
It appears to me, therefore, that both justice
and sound policy should induce us to reject these
amendments. They are at least calculated to load
down and embarrass the bill. I apprehend the
friends of the bill will need ail their strength to
pass it, and it should be kept, therefore, as free
from objections as possible. 1 expect to vote for
this bill, even if these amendments are adopted,
but I think, from the indications, they would ren-
der it so objectionable in the view of others as to
endanger its passage. The reward to the soldier
as given by.this bill, is already small enough, and
1 trust 1 have demonstrated, that these amend-
ments would have the effect of making it much
less.
Mr. TURNEY. I shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] for in a great degree the reasons assigned
by him. When we look to the character of the
men who are to be entitled to the benefit of the
provisions of this bill, it will be recollected thatthey
are all old men. Look back to those who served m
the war of 1812 and in the Indian wars about that
time—shortly before and afier it; they are all old
men,settled down in the respective States in which
they reside; and they served—if we look back to
the history of the character of those campa.gns—
but for a short time. Scarcely any of them served
for more than six months, and m the majority of
instances not more than three months. Wow, if
we are giving bounties to them, is it expected by
any Senator here that those old men will break up
their homes and emigrate to a new State for the sake
of locating a warrant of forty acres of land > The
Senator from Connecticut says that a large amount
of the bounty given to the soldiers of the Mexican
war was in land warrants. He says that out of
some fourteen millions only about a quarter of a
million was issued in scrip or m money placed in
the Treasury. Now, I would like to inquire of
him, for the purpose of carrying out his policy,
what proportion of those warrants was located m
the name of the soldier and patented to him, and
which now belong to him, and what proportion of
them were located in the name of assignees pur-
chased by speculators and located by them?
There was a much stronger argument in favor of
restricting the negotiability of the warrants in that
case, because they were to be issued to young
men, most of them men without families, or at all
events to men in the middle age of life, and who
were in a condition to emigrate to other Slates.
But now we are about to bestow bounties upon a
very meritorious class of our citizens who are ad-
vanced in years, and it is but a small amount;
