614
TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
tee. Its object is to carry into effect that which |
was intended by the act of 1849; it is to provide \
that the widow of every soldier who died in the ser- ,
vice in that war, or in going to, or in returning
from it, shall have a pension of half-pay for five
years, without at all inquiring into the cause of
that death. The army rolls will show that he died
in the service, and this is to be sufficient; and all
the applicant will have to show under it is, the
relationship. This, and this only, will be doing
justice to the widows and orphans of those who
sacrificed so much for their country in that war.
I trust it will pass.
Mr. BAYLY desired to enter his protest
against this irregular mode of legislation. He
objected to the extension of the pension list by the
introduction of propositions, which were hastily
passed, not only without being submitted for the
examination of the Committee of Ways and
Means, but even without any opportunity being
allowed the House to understand the subject on
which they were acting. No less a sum than
#560,000 had been appropriated a day or two ago,
in the deficiency bill, rendered necessary in con-
sequence of the amount of pensions having ex-
ceeded to that extent the anticipations of Congress
when the appropriation bill for the service of the
present year was passed. And ail this subsequent
appropriation had been rendered necessary by
resolutions introduced and passed, without delib-
eration or investigation. He hoped that this prac-
tice would no longer be permitted by Congress,
but that when appropriations were to be asked for,
the matter might be subjected to the examination
of the Committee of Ways and Means. He
moved that this resolution be referred to the Com-
mitte of the Whole on _the 3tate of the Union,
that the subject might be discussed and properly
understood.
Mr. JONES expressed his hope that the reso-
lution would be passed without delay. He ad- j
verted to the large sums which had been appro-
priated in the deficiency bill for the support of
loafers about our seaports, while objection is start-
ed the moment a proposition is made to secure to
the poor widow of the soldier who had died in the
service of his country, a pittance of three dollars
and a half a month for the period of five years.
While we are lavishly appropriating forty or fifty
millions—above two dollars for every man, woman,
and child, in the United States—to carry on our
machine of government for twelve months, he
hoped we should not exhibit a paisimomotis spirit
when we were called on to extend to those desti-
tute widows that small annual boon to which they
were so well enlitled. The law intended that they ;
should have this pension; they had been kept out J
of it by a construction put upon that law contrary !
to the intention of the law; and he hoped that tins j
resolution—the effect of which would only be to •
fix its true construction for the time to come'—
would not be defeated by delay. If the resolution
was referred to the Committee of the Whole, the
result would be a long delay, if not a defeat, of the
object of the resolution. lie was therefore op-
posed to the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to refer the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said a few
words in support of the reference of the resolution ,
to the Committee of the Whole. He objected to :
this mode of voting away money by resolutions
which had not been properly understood. Thou- j
sands upon th o usands had been add ed to our annual ]
expenditures by this irregular mode of legislation.
It was in this manner that the whole of our navy !
pension fund had been voted away, and the whole ;
of our navy pensioners had been thrown on the '
public treasury. Gentlemen who brought for- j
ward propositions to this irregular form, were 1
themselves not always prepared for the enormous
results to which they iiad led. He wished that .
the House should act with fuii information on this !
subject; and in order that this resolution may be
discussed acd examined, he would vote for its j
reference to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SACKETT merely rose to state that, as
a member of the Committee on Revolutionary |
Pensions, he had not concuired in the adoption ,
of this resolution. It plai-ed the granting of a
pension on the ground of death, not of service. 1
He did not recognize this principle. He was op- ]i
posed to the passage of the resolution, and would \
vote for the reference to the Committee of the .
Whole. i1
He then moved the previous question, but with-
drew the call, at the request of
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, who defended the
claims of the widows with great energy. He stated
that the object of the resolution was to settle the dif-
ference which existed between the Commissioner of
Pensions and Congress, in relation-to the construc-
tion which should be put on the law, on the sub-
ject of the proof necessary to establish a claim.
'The object of the resolution was merely to give
the widows of the soldiers the money which was
intended for them, and not to open the door for
the admission of other pensioners. There were
numerous soldiers who had perished in Mexico, of
disease, or who had brought away the maladies
which had since terminated their existence. The
widows and orphans of many of these soldiers are
now suffering—starving, for want of this money,
which was their due. If the resolution goes to
the Committee of the Whole, action will be de-
layed on this bill, until the grant can be of no ser-
vice to these sufferers. There are numerous peti-
tions now before Congress, from widows who
were unable to obtain the evidence required, by
the rigid construction of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and he trusted the resolution would be now
passed. He renewed the call for the previous
question.
Mr. INGE rose to ask if the morning hour had
not expired? He moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was decided in the affirmative, and
the House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. INGE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Cal-
ifornia question.
Mr. AVERETT (who held the floor from yes-
terday) resumed and concluded his remarks.
Mr. CHANDLER then rose and addressed the
committee. [These speeches will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. C. having concluded,
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion that the committee rise, which
motion prevailing, the committee rose and reported
progress.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS!,
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented underthe rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees ;
By lUt. SAW j'ELI.E: Tiio petition ot Wiliiam VV. Wil-
hnm-on and 65 other-*, citizens of Brooks, 111 the eounty of
Waldo, and Slate of Maine, piaying that no Stare be here-
aftci admitted into the Union, unless the constitution of
such Suite shall e.\pressJ> prohibit the existence ot tdaveiy
within its limits.
Also, the petition of the same, piaying fi>r the repeal of
all laws ai:d part* of laws, adopted or enacted by Congress,
by winch >l.iverj, or the ^.ne-u.idt is aiithosized or sanc-
tioned in the city of Washington. or the I.M^t'ict of Colum-
bia, and that, in the event o! their non-repeal, the seat of
the National Government maybe removed to some inoie
suitable location.
A)m>, the petition of the «nme,praupgthat slavery and the
slave-uade may beexpresslv prohibited, by act ot Congress,
in all (he territories of the Cum d States-.
Also, the petition ot the same, that provision he made by
law, that whenever a person MmiS be auested as a fugitive
s-iave in any State, other than that in winch lie is alleged to
be held to service, he shall not be delivered to the claim-
ant, or his agent, except 011 1 he finding of a jury, that lie is
the slave of the claimant.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 200citizcns ot Wayne
county. Indiana, piaying a 1 eduction of postage to a uniform
rate for all distances, of two cents per half ounce, ou all
prepaid letter?, and one cent on each newspaper.
Also, the petition of 07 cifizuis of Onion county, Indiana, |
praying the same. |
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Mary Coil, of Crawford j
county, Pennsylvania, widow of Patrick Coil, Sate of tho i
county aforesaid, praying Cue-rie^ to grant hor n pennon j
or an annuity, on account of the services rendered bv bn>j. !
an 1 sickness and disease contacted,from which he'never
recovered, while m the service of the United Urates, duuiig \
the war of 1819. )
By Mr. BINGIIAM: A pet'tion for the establishment of ;;
a post-route from Dewitt to Duplam, in the State of1!
Michigan. ^
By Mr. RIJMSEY: The petition of Hiram W. Bostwick |!
and others, citizens of Steuben county, New York, for a !
specific duty on iron.
Also, the petition of William Jivrne and 118 others, of the
same place, tor the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Icliabod Conklin and 30 others, citi-
zens of Elmira, Chemung county, New Yoik, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of W. F. Manly, S. Pen-
field, and 66 others, citizens of Pittsford, Rutland county,
Vermont, prajing that slavery and the slave-trade may be
prohibited in the territories of the United States, by law of
Congress.
By Mr. KING, of New Jersey: A petition from the pro-
fessors and students of the Theological Seminary at Prince-
ton, for cheap letter postage of two cents, prepaid, per half
ounce, for any distance.
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition of 167 citizens and elec-
tors of Chenango county, New York, to prohibit slavery in
the territories of the United States.
-Also, a remonstrance of 167 citizens and electors of Che-
nango county, against the admission of any State where
slavery is not prohibited.
Also, a petition of 159 citizens and electors of Columbus,
Chenango county, New Yotk, to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or for the removal of the scat of Govern-
ment.
Also, a petition of 170 citizens and electors of Columbus,
Chenango county, New York, to allow a trial by juiy to all
persons claimed as fugitives from service.
By Mr. WALDO :~The petition of Rev. Walter Clark
and 142 others, citizens and electors ot the town of Hart-
ford, Connecticut, against the admission of more slave States
into the Union.
Also, the petition of A. M. Collins and 147 others, citi-
zens and electors of the town of Haitfoul, Connecticut,
asking that slavery and the slave-trade may be prohibited
in the terrntories of the United States.
Also, the petition of Rev. Horace Bushnell and 166 others,
citizens and electors of the town of Hartford, Connecticut,
asking that the right of claimants to fugitive slaves may be
determined by a jury ttial, before such slave shall be de-
livered to the claimant.
Also, the petition of William Cock' and 134 others,
citizcns and electors of the town of Hartford, Connecticut,
asking for the abolition of slavery in the Distuct of Co-
lumbia. 1
By Mr. STETSON: A remonstrance of John McDonald
and others, citizcns of Bangor, Maine, against the further
extension of the Woodworth patent.
Also, the petition of Isaac Cobb, for a pension.
By Mr. BE ALE: A petition for a mail-route from Jackson
Court-House, by the way of Wright's Mill, Graham's Sta-
tion, Pomroy, West Columbia, Pleasant Fiats, to Point
Pleasant, in the county of Mason, Virginia.
By Mi. BOBBINS. A memorial of the citizens and
seamen of Philadelphia, signed by James Hurdy, Peter
Woods, and 41 other persons, asking Congress to grant to
them the same rewards that have been granted to~all per-
sons serving in the army or marine corps in Mexico, during
the recent wai with that Republic.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of F.
McClariahan and numerous others, citizens of Mavsville,
Kentucky, protesting against the extension of the Wood-
worth patent.
Also, the memorial of John S. McCrery, of Kenton county,
Kentucky, asking remuneration for losses in Mexico, crow-
ing out of the orders of General Marshall and other officers
of the army.
By Mr. MfLLSON : The petition of John C. B. Edwards,
praying the passage of an act authorizing the institution of
a suit against the United States, to recover damages for a
breach of covenant.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 28, 1850.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
Caleb Holyoke and others, citizens of the United
States, remonstrating against the further extension
of the patent of William Woodworth for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Also, of citizens of Winthrop, in the State of
Maine, asking that no State may hereafter be
admitted into the Union, whose constitution does
not expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, of citizens of the same place, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be prohibited by
law in all the territories of the United States.
Also, of citizens of the same place, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be abolished ill
the District of Columbia, or the seat of Govern-
ment removed therefrom.
Also, of citizens of the same place, asking that
the trial by jury may be secured by law to fugi-
tive slaves.
All of which several petitions were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa city, and a petition of citizens of Dubuque,
Iowa, asking a reduction of the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post Roads.
Mr GREENE presented a petition of citizens
and legal voters of Little Oompton, Rhode Island,
asking that no State may be hereafter admitted
into the Union, whose constitution does not ex-
pressly prohibit slavery.
Also, a petition from the same place, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be prohibited by
law in the territories of the United States.
Also, of citizens of the same place, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be abolished in
the District of Columbia, or the seat of Govern-
ment removed therefrom.
