1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
Also, of citizens of the same place, asking that
the right of trial by jury may be secured by law
to fugitive slaves.
All of which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, instructing the Sena-
tors and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress, to use their exertions to pro-
cure the enactment of a law placing the officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, of the last war with Great Britain, on the
same footing, as to bounty lands and pensions,
with those who served in the late war with Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the same legislature, in-
structing the Senators and requesting their Repre-
sentatives to use their exertions to procure the
enactment of a law, providing that the extra pay
and bounty lands of deceased officers and soldiers
of the late war with Mexico, may go to the next of
kin, in default of such heirs or relatives as are
mentioned in the acts of Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of citizens
of Montgomery county, m the State of Pennsyl-
vania, asking the establishment of a Bureau of
Agriculture in one of the Executive departments of
the Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Also, of citizens of Alleghany county, in the
State of Pennsylvania, asking that no State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union, whose con-
stitution does not expressly prohibit slavery wilhin
its limits.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same place,
asking that slavery and the slave-trade may be
prohibited by law in all the territories of the Uni-
ted States.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same place,
asking that slavery and the slave-trade may be
prohibited in the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government may be removed therefrom.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same place,
asking that the right of trial by jury may be se-
cured by law to fugitive slaves.
Also, of citizens of Pennsylvania generally,
asking the adoption of the ordinance of 1787 in
organizing the terntoiial governments, and pro-
testing against all compromises by which slavery
may be introduced into any territory now free.
All of which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of that State, asking the establishment of
a mail-route from Fairfield to Askaloosa, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post-Office and Post Roads.
Also, of citizens of Iowa, asking that the office
of chaplain in the public service may be abolished;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
•ciary.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of cer-
tain owners of French and Spanish land claims in
the State of Arkansas, asking that they may be
allowed the right of preemption to these lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN", from the Committee on Com-
meice, to which was referred a memorial of citi-
zens of Rhode Island, in relation to a collection
district, reported a bill to amend " An act entitled
an act to regulate the collection of duties on imports
and tonnage," approved 2d March, 1199; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
memorial of Edward Everett, asking an appropria-
tion to enable him to test his invention, called the
Telegraphic Manipulator asked to be discharged
from the further consideiation of the same.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill for the relief of
George Cassady, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill for the relief of William Paddy,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage. _
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill for the relief of Lieutenant
Henry F. Evans, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred the peti-
tion of the heirs of Paschal Detchmendy, asking
the confirmation of their title to a tract of land in
Missouri, made an adverse report on the same.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Contingent Expenses, to which was referred the
resolution inquiring into the propriety of making
remuneration to J. Robertson, made an adverse
report thereon.
THE LATE GENERAL McNEIL.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the resolution directing the
Committee on Pensions to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a pension to the widow of
General John McNeil, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill, for her relief, of which he asked
the immediate consideration.
By the bill it is proposed to place the name of
the widow of the late General McNeil upon the
pension roll for five years, at the rate of $50 per
month.
Mr. RUSK. I hope this bill will go upon the
calendar. I am unwilling to object to its consid-
eration, but there are many others that are also en-
titled to our consideration, over which it should
not obtain precedence.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Texas, that this bill was before the committee
at tiie same time as the bill granting a pension to
the widow of the late General Worth, and the
committee considered them together, but the other
was reported a day or two before this.
Mr. RUSK. This is a prominent ease, and it
appeals to us at once; but there are hundreds of
others that are not so prominent, that do not so
clearly appeal to us, but which are entitled to con-
sideration. I think it would be much better that
we should have some general law on this subject,
by which we can dispose of all such cases. How-
ever, as the other has been passed, I will, for the
pi esent, withdraw my objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to renew it. I am
pleased with the remarks of the Senator from
Texas. I am of opinion, that if we legislate on a
subject of this sort, it ought to be done by a general
bill. Since I have been here, I perceive that we
are making a selection of very meritorious officers,
I admit, and pensioning their families, and exclu-
ding others. 1 look upon it, "thatsuch a course of
legislation is highly improper, and 1 know that to
some extent it has had a bad effect on the feeling
of the country; and I do think it is right that we
should put a stop to this partial legislation, for if
cases are meritorious, they can be disposed of by
a general bill. If a general bill be enacted, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Texas, we ^hall get
clear of this special legislation, which we cannot
well resist in such cases as those of General Woith
and General McNeil, and other distinguished offi-
cers, but winch we should resist from want of
sympathy, if the cases were those of captains and
lieutenants, subalterns or private soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Texas
speaks my feelings when he says he is in favor of
a general bill on this subject, which I have often
proposed; but when a genera! bill is brought ill,
it meets objection; and when a special case comes
in, it also meets with objection. J have seen many j
examples of this during the time 1 have been a
member of the Military Committee. !
I am disposed to see the widows of officers of }
the army placed in the same position, in this j
respect, as the officers of the navy. The widow
of a navy officer gets a pension if he dies, or is j
killed m the seivice of the country, and I do not
propose to take it away from them. At fiist, it
came out of the naval-pc-nsion fund, the proceeds
of prizes, but afterward it came out of the Treas-
ury. It now comes out of the Treasury. From
that source the widows of naval officers get their
pensions. And I think it is a crying injustice,
which cannot be defended or justified, that officers
of the army should not be put on the same footing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair informs
the Senator from Missouri that there is no question
pending.
Mr. BENTON. Well, sir, what I have said,
has been heard, and will stand for what it is worth;
and when the bill comes up, I will begin where I
left off.
Mr. KING. I desire to say a few words by
way of explanation, to set this matter right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky withdraw his objection ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I wish to have
time to consider this subject.
The bill was not therefore considered at this
time.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate, instructing the Committee on Printing to
inquire and report whether any, and what arrange-
ment or legislation is necessary to effect a more
prompt and proper execution of the printing of
Congress, reported the following joint resolution:
Joint Resolution to insure more Bxptdition in the Public
Printing.
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Senate, and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, respectively, lie, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed, to cause so much of
the punting of the present Congress, heretofore ordered, or
which shall he hereafter ordered by the two Houses, as
shall be necessary to insure a prompt and proper execution
and delivery of the same, to be executed by snob person or
persons as they shall respectively select: Provided, That the
compensation paid for said work shall, in no case, exceed
the rates fixed by the joint resolution of 1819, deducting
therefrom twenty per cent.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask that the resolution
may be taken up for consideration now.
Mr. KING. I object.
Mr. BENTON. Asking the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider resolutions, should
only be clone under extraordinary circumstances.
We are entitled to time to think. It is not enough,
if a member objects, that he should get up and
state his objections. The parliamentary law in*
tends that members shall have, time to think and
consider whether they have objections or not, and
it is useless to pass resolutions before members
have time to think.
Mr, BORLAND. If the Senator had waited a
moment, until 1 gave my reasons for asking, he
would not have found occasion to make the ob-
jection he has done. It is not my intention to
press the passage of the resolution now, but I de-
sire to take it up for consideration, for the purpose
of offering an amendment to it, so that the whole
subject might be before the Senate.
i Mr. KING. I withdraw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Missouri to object to the
consideration of the resolution at this time.
Mr, BENTON. If for the purpose of offering
an amendment, by no means.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state, in explanation,
that the report which I have made, presents the
views of the majority of the Committee on Print-
ing. The resolutions which I hold in my hand,
-and offer as an amendment, represent my own
views, and what, after consultation with many
Senators, I conceive to be the views of the major-
ity of the Senate.
I propose to strike out all after the word Re-
solved, and insert the following:
Resolved, by the Senate and Hou&e uj Representatives of the
United State* of Jbnenca, in Conorrss assembled, That the
pieserit contractors to execute the public printing of Con-
grts-s or either of them, be released and discharged from
the further evocation of their (ontracu*, under the provis-
ions of ihc joint M'solution of the 3d August, 184(3, entitled,
"Joint resolution directing the manner ot procuring the
priming of the two Houses of Congress," upon their lelin-
quislung ail claim for indemnity lor the non-poiformance of
their -aid contract" ; and that foi all work not yet delivered
and paid for, they shall receive the wimp compensation as
shall be awarded to the printers who may be btiected by
Congress to exceutc the remainder of the work : Provided,
That the prices heiealter to be paid, shall not exceed those
authouzt'd by the joint resolution of March 3d, 1839, de-
ducting twenty per cent, f rom the samr—the form and man-
ner of the printing to conform, in every respect, to the
stipulations contained m the joint resolution ol March 3d,
1819.
±r2nd hp it further resolved, That and   be ap-
pointed by the two Houses to execute the printing for the
remainder of the 31st Congress, who shall give bond, with
se< uiife> to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Senate,
and the Clerk ofthe House of Representatives, foi the prompt,
accurate, and neat execution ot the work; and m case any
inconvenient delay should be at anytime eipeneneed by
cither Hou«.e in the delivery of us work, the becretary and
the Clerk, respectively, shall he authorized to employ one
or more other printers, to execute .my portion  f the work
of the Senate or the Ho««e, and charge the excess, if any
there be, on the account of such punter oi printers lor exe-
cuting such work, above what herein allowed, to the
primer or printers guilty of such nc«ligence or delay.
J3nd he it further resolved, That the printing lequired to be
done for the various LOvccutive departments, be paid for at
the same rdtes as congressional punting is authorized to be
done.
Jind be it further resolved, That ali laws and parts of laws
