1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
none exceed one hundred and sixty acres, and the
majority of cases not more than eighty or forty
acres, and it is proposed so to clog the bounty in-
tended for their benefit as to defeat the benefit alto-
gether; for if we put his bounty in such a condition
that he cannot make useof it in the market, I take
it, it is tantamount to saying to him, you shall have
no bounty at all.
None of these old men residing in States where
there are no public lands, will go off to a State
where there are public lands for the purpose of
locating a tract of land of eighty or forty acres.
It would cost more than the land would be worth.
If, therefore, it is proposed to .give them a bounty,
you must place it in such a shape or form as will
enable them to realize something from it, leaving
them to reside in the homes which they now have,
where they have lived, and where they have
reared their families, and to take this warrant and
make a present of it to one of their children, or
sell it or dispose of it in any way they choose. If
this is not done, the effect of the bill will be to
give bounties to those who reside to States where
there are public lands, and to withhold bounties
from those who reside in States where there are
no public lands. Taking this view of it I shall
vote in favor of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Virginia. I am in favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill, and therefore I desire to carry it
out fairly, and to give the benefit of it to each and
every one.
Again, there was a very different argument in
favor of throwing difficulties and embarrassments
in the way of enabling the soldiers of the Mexican
war to negotiate their warrants. It was known
what would be their condition in returning home,
and it wag desired to reserve for them their right
to this bounty of land until they would be in a
condition not to be swindled or forced to give it up
for a mere song. These old men, however, for
whom this bill is intended to provide, are capable,
if they ever will be, of managing their own affairs.
They now need no guardians. They need no
shield for protection against speculators. They
are not returning home from the army poor and
penniless, and forced to give up their bounty lands
for anything they can get. They are not in a
condition thus to be imposed upon, and when we
give them warrants I think we should leave them
as free agents, to dispose of them m the manner
bestsuited to theirown convenience and happiness.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to ask a question, or
rather to have a difficulty removed from my mind.
I heard it stated by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] and also by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Turney,] that no one can avail him-
self of the benefit of this bill unless he goes and
locales the land himself. Now, do I understand
that assertion to be correct? Surely it cannot be.
Sir, I hold that it would be competent under this
bill, and according to all legal principles, for a
number of persons holding these warrants to as-
semble together and give a power of attorney to a
single individual to go out and locate the lands.
Am i wrong in this? The bill contemplates that
ladies shall have bounty lands. It never could be
understood that these ladies should leave their
places of residence and go out to Wisconsin or
some other western State, to locate the lands, and
to take the Jacob's staff, and go round to survey
them, it is not probable that the bill will operate
so. I take it that, as in all bills of this sort, the
holders can give a power of attorney to an agent,
and the same agent can locate the lands of fifty or
one hundred persons, or as many as choose to em-
ploy him.
Well, sir, T am myself very decidedly of opinion
that, if we bestow these bounties, we should pre-
scribe the terms on which they should be bestowed,
if we give bounty lands to the soldiers in tracts of
forty, eighty, or one hundred and sixty acres, 1
would require them to have them located for their
own benefit, and not for the benefitof persons who
can afford to lend money at sixty per cent. Be-
cause the fact is certainly true, as stated by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] that if
you put out warrants, or scrip into the market to-
morrow worth nearly $200, it would sell for $120,
and the sixty per cent, would be made by Euro-
pean capitalists. So that those persons are not
only tempted to indulge in extortionate usury, but,
what is worse than all, we commit to them the
policy of settling our public lands by selling it
when they please, at what price they please, and
to whom they please. Now, if we require the
soldiers to locate the lands through an agent or a
power of attorney, a number of them can assem-
ble together and draw up a power of attorney to
some friend for the purpose. For instance, I
might give a power of attorney to my friend from
Iowa there, [Mr. Jones,] and he could employ a
surveyor to have the lands surveyed. For one, I
am not willing to subject the interests of these per-
sons to temptation and improvidence, and, above
all, to the control of usurers. These are my views.
Mr. TURNEY. One remark in reply to the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler ] He
seems very apprehensive of usurers, men who hold
money and who buy these warrants and speculate
upon them; and he says that the holders of these
warrants may send an agent to locate the lands,
and that one agent can act for fifty or one hundred
persons. That is true, but in what way will he
oe better off then ? These agents must make their
contracts for locating the lands, and they may de-
mand one half. Then, why not leave the man
who is to receive a land warrant from the Govern-
ment for military services rendered to his country,
free to make the best bargain he possibly can in
disposing of that warrant? Why leave him in the
power of a man calling himself an agent, or in the
power of a speculator? I would leave h"im free
to deal with any of these men, and to locate it as
he pleases. I would allow him to make his own
estimates and calculations, and either to appoint
an agent or to sell his land for the best price he
can get, as he may think best. For these reasons
I advocate the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. CASS. I am afraid we shall kill this bill
by amendments, if not here, certainly when we
send it to the House of Representatives. There
is a decided, majority, I believe, for a reasonable
bill. It has been said that this is a gratuity. It
is a gratuity in one point of view—that is to say,
we could not-be charged with violating our en-
gagements if we refused to pass this bill. But it
is not a gratuity in another. It is a reward for
faithful services rendered in war, and it is only
putting the persons embraced in this bill in the
same situation in which others have been placed by
previous laws. So far, it is a mere act of justice
to them.
Now, sir, one remark with respect to the views
of the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Turney.] We all know that if this scrip is put
into the hands of individuals it will be sacrificed.
They cannot get money for it. They must go to
speculators to dispose of their land. It is said, on
the other hand, that persons must go out or employ
an agent to make a selection. Well, I will pro-
pose to the honorable Senator who has this bill in
charge a very easy method of obviating that ob-
jection, one that was adopted in some measure
with the first land warrants issued. Authorize
the Department of the Interior, or the Land Office,
if a man chooses to trust his warrant here, to ex-
amine the field notes and make a selection for him
m any district he may point out, free of all ex-
pense. There is no difficulty about it in the world.
I repeat, that a short amendment of ten lines, au-
thorizing the Land Office to make a location for any
man who desires it, by giving him a reasonable
selection of land 
A Senator. Is he to go to the land agent of the
district?
Mr. CASS. It is to be done under the direc-
tion of the Land Office here. Let them do it here
or there, as they please. They may arrange the
system, but we must authorize the Land Office
here, or the Department of the Interior, to make
such a system as will enable each holder of a war-
rant to get a good tract of land without the employ-
ment of any agent. In my opinion this whole
gratuity will scarcely be worth anything at all, un-
less you put it m the shape of a grant of land, and
if the man does not want it himself, nine times out
of ten, he has some child, or grandchild, or neigh-
bor anxious to go out. At any rate, it would
answer the purpose better than by putting the scrip
into the market. Our experience heretofore will
be the experience of the future,, if this amendment
prevails.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I was opposed to the pass-
age of this bill, I would vote for this amendment.
But, being a decided friend of the bill, I shall vote
against the amendment> believing that its adoption
would endanger the bill, if it does not entirely de-
feat it. The object of this billis'to give bounty
lands, as they are called, to those who rendered
service to their country in oar late wars. I doubt
not there are many who rendered that service that
do not need the land, and it is rather a matter of
indifference to ail such whether the bill pa^s or
not. But, again, there are many, very many,
whose future hopes for a spot they can call a home
depend upon the fate of this measure. It is to this
class of patriotic and meritorious citizens my mind
is more particularly directed in the consideration
of this question. The effect of our attempting to
correct all the supposed defects in the details of
this bill as it came from the House may be, and
I believe will be, to leave it among the unfinished
business of the session—an ^ent I should deeply
regret, and one that I do not intend to be answer-
able for in any way, by aiding or consenting
to amendments. 1 am satisfied with it* present
provisions. It gives land to each officer and
soldier of past wars, (who have not heretofore
been provided for,) in quantities proportionate to
their rank and length of service. To this fea-
ture—the main one in the bill—I do not understand
my friend from Virginia as objecting; indeed, I
believe objection has not been made to this feature
from any quarter; but it is contended that, be-
cause many of those entitled to the provisions of
this law are residents of States where there are no
public lands, it would subject all such officers and
soldiers to great inconvenience and expense to
make these locations, and therefore the 44 grant"
should be in the alternative " land or moneyat
the option of the party entitled to claim and receive.
Looking at this as a practical question, and lean-
ing as "far toward the officer and soldier as my
duties as a legislator will permit—certainly sym-
pathizing with them deeply—I cannot refrain from
expressing the opinion that all the real friends of
this bill must, if they would pass it at this sessiorv
of Congress, confine the grant to " land." The
moment the alternative is given, the measure has
to encounter the opposition of those who oppose
all propositions to appropriate men or money for
such unholy and unrighteous purposes as wars—.
whether the war be righteous or unrighteous, just
or unjust. It further runs the hazard of losing
the ardent support of those who, because they do
not represent a constituency interested,, as they
think, in the 44 bounty'* proposed to be given, are 
nevertheless, in favor ot giving away the entire
public domain to the States within which it lies,
or to actual settlers; but if the bill be so mod-
ified as to give land " or moneythis inducement
is taken away, in a great measure—believing, as
they do, that most of those entitled to bounty,
living within States where there are no public
lands, would prefer the money, thereby avoiding
the trouble and expense of making a location. The
moneyed part of all these contracts between the
United States and officers and soldiers employed
in past wars has been performed, as I understand.
If it has not, it is the fault of the claimants, and
not the Government. We have general laws^full
and explicit, in this particular. It is the land that
is asked for—not scrip or money. I would inquire
whether, m one of all the numerous petitions and
proceedings of public meetings that have been
presented to the Senate on this subject, a moneyed
compensation is sought or claimed? Not one. It
is land they ask; and, speaking for my own im-
mediate constituency, with, the land they will be
satisfied. It has been said that, comparatively
speaking, but a few of all those entitled to the
benefits of this law would ever settle upon land
granted under it. That may be true, and no doubt
is, to some extent; but, nevertheless, there are
some, who earned the pittance proposed to be
given them by this bill, that will rear their cabin,
raise their families, and draw their last breath upon
this freehold testimonial, voted them by a country
they have served whenever that country called.
Arid, sir, for this clas3 of persons, this description
of citizens, I have more cate and sympathy than
for scores of those whom, fortune has singled oul
and assigned a place beyond the reach of want.
This latter class of officers and soldiers*. I douofc
not, will generally accept your offer of land; but
in many cases—yes, most cases—will appreciate;
more highly the motives which prompted the
" grant,"" and the evidence it carries with it of de-
votion to country in the hour of trial, than the
" grant," itself. But to return to the amendments-
generally. I should prefer to take the bill ifc
