1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
the officers had received their usual compensation,
and they now ask for additional compensation, on
the ground that they had no duties to perform.
My object in introducing the resolution is, that we
may have this information in a tabular form.
The resolution was agreed to.
mr. bell's resolutions.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the order of the day, being the resolutions of
the Senatoi\from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] which
the Senator from Mississippi had moved to refer to
a select committee of thirteen.
Mr. BALDWIN, who was entitled to the floor,
proceeded to address theSenate; and having spo-
ken upwards of two hours and a half,
Mr. MILLER interposed, and said: If thehon-
orable Senator will yield the floor for an adjourn-
ment, as the hour is late, 1 will move that the Sen-
ate now adjourn.
Mr. BALDWIN. I would as soon proceed
and finish what I have to say at this time, if it be
agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I hope we shall not adjourn.
Let the subject be passed by for the present, so that
we may have an Executive session.
Mr. RUSK. There is an imperative necessity
for a short Executive session.
Mr. MILLER. With the permission of the
Senator from Connecticut, then, I will move that
the subjeGt be passed by informally. The Sena-
tor will then have an opportunity of continuing
his remarks to-morrow.
The subject was accordingly passed by infor-
mally.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senate will recollect
that to-day, at one o'clock, was assisned as the
time for taking up the resolution which I submit-
ted upon the subject of removals from office.
Yesterday two special orders were made, and the
Senator from Connecticut, under the second as-
signment, had the floor. I now desire to move
that the resolution to which I have referred be
taken up, in order that it may be made the special
Ol der for Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was made the special order for one o'clock on
Tuesday next.
Mr. BADGER. I desire now to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the peculiar propriety of
entertaining a motion to adjourn over either to
Saturday or Monday. To-morrow will be Good
Friday, and it is a day, I believe, on which the
Senate is not in the habit of sitting, except on very
extraordinary occasions. It is an anniversary m
the Christian church, and regarded with peculiar
solemnity by a large majority of the Christian
world; arid I hope that the Senate will not put
themselves in a situation to meet with a rebuke
similar to that which was administered to a cele-
brated judge, who, on being asked to adjourn over
Friday, on the ground that it was Good Friday,
declared that he would sit on that day, though it
was Good Friday. The counsel, by whom the
motion was made, replied that his honor would
have the unenviable distinction of holding court
on a day upon which no other judge had ever held
court, except Pontius Pilate. I will move that ,
when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet either
on Saturday or Monday.
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. FOOTE. I must be permitted to say, that
it seems to me the Senator's logic is not very
sound. It applies strictly to courts.
Mr. BADGER. This is the highest court in
the United States.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not think there is any force
in the analogy. At all events, I would rather be
exposed to the Senator's criticisms, on account of
sittmo- on Good Friday, than to be exposed to the
just animadversions of the country for neglecting
'to proceed with the public business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be taken on adjourning until Monday.
Mr. BADGER. I am willing to change it to
Saturday. .
Several Senators. Let it be IMonday.
The question being put,
Mr FOOTE demanded the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr HALE. I shall vote to adjourn over, not
because it is Good Friday, fot I would rather he
inclined to sit on that day, but I shall vote to ad-
journ over upon the general ground that the world
is governed too much, and the longer the period
of adjournment and the oftener we adjourn, the
better.
The yeas and nays were then taken with the
following result:
YEAS—Messrs*. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bright,
Chase. Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Uorwin, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawson, Dajton, Dickinson, Felcli, Greene,
Hale, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Norris, Pearce, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Seward, Shields, Turney, and Wales—29.
NAY8—Mess s. Baldwin, Borland, Bradbury, Butler,
Ca«s, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodye of Iowa, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Douglas, Foote, King, Morton, Pratt, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, Walker, and Whilcotnb—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time thus engaged, the doors were
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 29, 1850.
Mr. Speaker COBB called the House to order
at twelve o'clock.
Prayer having been said, the Speaker vacated
the chair, calling
Mr. WINTHROP, of Massachusetts, to preside
over the deliberations of the House.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and ap-
proved.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved a re-
consideration of the vote by which the joint reso-
lution, reported yesterday from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, in relation to the purchase of water-
rotted hemp for the use of the- navy, had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and also the vote by which the
printing had been ordered.
The SPEAKER said the motion would be en-
tered on the Journal; but that this being private
bill day, the motion would go over until the first
public bill day.
On motion by Mr. HILLIARD, it was resolved,
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that, this
being Good Friday, the House do now adjourn.
The motion, by yeas 57, nays 109, was rejected.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the bill, heretofore reported from
the Committee of the Whole House, for the relief
of the captors of the frigate " Philadelphia;" and
the pending question was on the engrossment
thereof!
Mr. THOMAS said that this bill had been re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, where
it had passed without examination or objection.
Not a word had been said upon its merits. The
achievement proposed to be rewarded by the ap-
propriation of $100,000, contained in the bill, was
performed in the year 1804. He should be glad if
any gentleman would furnish some information on
the subject. He called for no eulogy upon the
conduct and intrepidity of the gallant men who
accomplished the act. He knew all that could be
desired upon these points; but he wished to know
whether this money was intended as a gratuity, a
bounty, or what else. It was a little singular that
a bill should be presented here, appropriating a
heavy sum of money for a transaction which oc-
| curred forty-six years ago, and that every gentle-
j man appeared ready to vote it—in committee at
: Jeast—without a word of comment or explanation.
I He did not intend to say that he might not vote for
| the bill; but before he did vote for it, he must hear
: some good reason assigned for its passage. Cei-
I tainly no such reason—in fact, no reason at all—
t had as yet been given. If the Government owed
this money, it was strange that it had not been
I paid before. He could not vote the appropria-
i tion in such a state of things. He understood—
i though probably such might not be the fact—that
it was a mere bounty—an act of liberality or gen-
; erosity on the part of the Government; and how
i was it, that, after the lapse of so many years, the
I bill now came up before this House? The mem-
I bers who composed the Congress of the United
States, forty years ago, knew as much of the
| achievement, and of the gallantry which distin-
guished it, as could possibly be known now—why
i had it been so long neglected? If he was to vote
for the bill, he would like have some reason
which would be satisfactory to himself, and upon
which he could hereafter justify his vote.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, conceded that
this was not a strictly legal claim, but contended
that it was equitable and just. 11 was well known
to gentlemen—the report showed the fact—that
an American ship (the Philadelphia) was taken
by the Tripolitans, and moored in the harbor of
Tripoli, under the fire of their guns. Commodore
Decatur conceived the idea of bringing her out.
He communicated with his commanding officer,
Commodore Preble, and under his orders, by the
boldest and most gallant feat of that or any other
war, took her from the enemy, and would have
brought her out as a prize, but for the fact that his
commanding officer had given him peremptory
orders to burn the vessel. The facts showed it to
be perfectly clear that he would have been able
to bring her out.
It was proposed now to give the representatives
of these gallant men, one hundred thousand dol-
lars—a sum which was only a small portion of
that to which they would have been entitled, had
the frigate been brought out as a prize. It should
be paid as a reward to the gallantry of the exploit,
and as a stimulus to our officers and seamen to
perform similar acts of daring.
The bill had been passed by the Senate—he did
not know but by the House. He was confident it
would have passed the House at the last session,
if it had been reached in time. The report gave
all the facts. He would not, therefore, detain the
House by further reference to them.
Mr. GREEN said the facts, as set forth in the
report, were such as to induce him to believe that
the bill ought not to pass. Commodore Decatur
had not conceived the idea of capturing this vessel
at all, as had been stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee. His commanding officer had given
him orders to take a portion of his crew, and bum
the Philadelphia.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, in explanation,
stated that Commodore Decatur was a volunteer in
this achievement. He made the proposition to
his commanding officer, but was ordered by the
commanding officer to burn her, not to attempt to
bring her out.
Mr. GREEN (resuming) said the vessel, aa
was admitted on all hands, was burnt in obedience
to orders. The claim was, that if she had not
been burnt, perhaps the prize would have been
obtained; this was the entire ground of the claim.
If it were not true that the prize was not secured
as such, surely the representatives of these officers
and men were not entitled to prize money. The
efficiency of the nava] service required that the or-
ders of superior officers should be strictly obeyed.
Congress should not, by its legislation, encourage
the officers and seamen to substitute their own
judgment for the orders of the superior officers.
This bill, if pas-ed, would constitute such an en-
couragement. The bill implied a censure upon
the commanding officer. That was a period in the
history of our country to which we all looked
with pride, and Congress ought not now to shape
its legislation so as to imply censure upon our
gallant naval officers of that day. Commodore
Decatur and his men, had performed their duties
nobly, and had been paid for it; but it was now
sought, by an artifice in argument, to induce this
House to vote them a bounty.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, explained that
he had certainly resorted to no artifice in his re-
marks. He had openly and boldly stated his
object.
Mr. GREEN had expected that the gentleman
would be satisfied with the qualification he had
made. He hud stated that gentlemen in their ad-
vocacy of the bill, resorted to an artifice in argu-
ment—that they attempted to make the worse ap-
| pear the better reason.
I The object of this bill was not to pay for ser-
I vices or for gallantry displayed in the discharge of
! their duty. What was its object then ? It was to
I give a bounty, because Commodore Decatur had
I obeyed the orders of his superior, which, if he had
j not obeyed, it was contended he would have
! secured the vessel as a prize.
[ The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
' had admitted, that the claim was not just, upon
; principles of law. Was it then founded on equi-
j ty? Equity was defined to be " the correction of
< that wherein the law (by reason of its universalis
