618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
' ty) is deficient." In what respect was the law
deficient ? It promised to pay a certain compensa-
tion to the officers and men in our navy—that
compensation had been paid. It also required
them to obey the orders of their superiors—that
had been done. But were we to give a bounty for
this, which would go, not to those who had per-
formed the gallant achievement, in the line of
their duty, but to agents who had prepared the
claim at this late day, and to the remote descend-
ants of those who had done the service ? If Con-
gress were to sanction the principle of giving boun-
ties for duties discharged, according to the require-
ments of law, it would be the adoption of an en-
tirely new precedent.
Mr. STANTON explained, as the gentleman
from Missouri had spoken of agents, that (being a
member of the Naval Committee from which the
bill was reported) he had had no application from an
agent, nor had he heard from any individual in
reference to this bill, except from a lady whom he
had not seen.
Mr. GREEN replied that he had spoken of
agents from no particular knowledge of this case,
but from the fact that these private claims, espe-
cially those of long-standing, were generally urged
upon Congress by agents who were interested in
their passage.
But what was the true principle for their action,
as the Representatives of the people ? Were they to
be so exuberant in their philanthropy and benevo-
lence as to grant bounties in one case, and to leave
thousands of cases of claims, strictly legal, un-
paid ? He took the ground that they should not
so consume the time of Congress in considering
any of these applications for gratuities and boun-
ties, but that they should first discharge their du-
ties, and pay the debts, to which the Govern-
ment was bound by the strong obligations of law.
After that they might consider the subject of grant-
ing bounties, as far as thfeir constitutional authority
would permit. A good principle of equity, appli-
cable to this case, was contained in the maxim,
"Be just before you are generous." Let them
pay the hundreds of debts the Government owes
to widows and claimants, who were knocking at
the doors of Congress for their just dues, before
they went (o distributing bounties. However soft
might be their hearts, however kind their feelings,
or benevolent their dispositions, it was not their
duty, as Representatives of the people, to indulge
in the bestowment of bounties. The Constitution
gave Congress Ihe power "to lay and collect
' taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
'drills," &c., of the Government—not to deal out
favois. There was good sense in this provision
of the Constitution, and there was a strong neces-
sity at the present time that their hands should
thus be bound. Every bestowment of bounties
must be partial. If the Government save to every
citizen, m the same proportion, nothing would be
gained by the proce.ss of collecting the money
and paying it back. But if they did not grant to
the citizens equal bounties, they took from him
and his poor constituents moneys to be granted
to the representatives of those officers and sea-
men who had done their duty and been paid for it.
Mr. SACKETT said this was a bill of a very
extraordinary character. He referred to the his-
tory of the transaction, for which the bill provided
a bounty. Commodore Decatur had volunteered,
with certain men, to undertake an enterprize, be-
ing the capture of the frigate Philadelphia, under
certain orders. He had never undertaken to se-
cure the vessel as a prize. This was no condition—
no part of the transaction; but he had undertaken
to execute the orders of his commanding (superior)
officer. We now saw, not the officer and men who
had performed this duty, but their representatives
of the next generation, coming forward, and say-
ing, that if their ancestors had received different
orders, and if they had undertaken to execute
them, they might have secured a prize. It was a
bounty proposed to be paid for obedience to orders.
They had undertaken to do what they had been
ordered to do; they had been paid for it; and they
had never had the light to do anything else. He
thought the facts justified him in saying it was an
extraordinary bill, and he hoped it would not re-
ceive the favor of the House.
Mr. MCMULLEN did not desire to discuss the
bill; but if the yeas and nays were ordered, he
should be satisfied to record his vote against it.
He had never known a bill of so extraordinary a
character presented to this or any other legislative
body. If they passed this bill, they would have
hundreds of others pressed upon them, predicated
upon stronger grounds of justice, which they could
not avoid passing, and this Government might be
considered bankrupt for two or three generations.
He returned his thanks to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] and the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Green,] for exposing the character
of this very extraordinary claim; and he demanded
the yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. THOMAS moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. McLANE appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, to allow him to have read
the official order of Commodore Preble.
Mr. THOMAS yielded to the appeal, and with-
drew the motion, on condition that Mr. McLane
would renew it.
Mr. McLANE accepted the condition, and said,
as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
had stated that this exploit was not performed
under orders, he wished the Cleik to read the
official order of Commodore Preble to Commodore
Decatur, directing Commodore Decatur to capture
the frigate Philadelphia, in the harbor of Tripoli,
and burn her.
The Clerk read the order accordingly, under
date of January 31,1804, of which the following
is an extract:
" It i< my order that you procepd to Tripoli, in company
with the Syien, Lieutenant Stew i t, enter the harbor in the
night, hoard, the filiate Fhiludelphiu, bum Aer," &c.
Commodore Decatur (continued Mr. McL.) re.
orted that be had complied with that order. He
referred to the universally-admitted principle of
maritime prize-law, viz: that if an enemy's vessel
were captured in pursuit of her upon the high seas,
and by direction of our commanding officer were
sunk, to prevent her recapture by the enemy, the
officers and crew performing the duty were entitled
to the prize; and he argued that the present case
rested upon precisely the same principles. If an
enemy's vessel pursued, captured, and sunk, under
orders of our superior officers, to prevent recap-
ture, were a prize, surely a vessel captured in an
enemy's harbor, under protection of the very guns
of their fort, and burnt under peremptory orders
of our commanding officer, was, with equal jus-
tice, aprize.
If the case came technically within the law, of
course there would have been no necessity for pre-
senting a special bill; but if the claim rested upon
precisely the same principle that had governed the
legislation of Congress in the law of captures, why
should not the principle be applied in this case?
It was a great injustice to the claimants to treat
them as applicants for a gratuity-^ charity at the
hands of Congress. By what right could the heirs
be reproached for claiming from Congress the just,
legal rights, of those whom they represented ?
Mr. SACKETT interposed, and asked if the
gentleman from Maryland had any evidence that
Commodore Preble would have authorized the en-
terprize on any other conditions than those which
he had prescribed in bis order?
Mr. McLANE replied, that if the gentleman
from New York had listened to the reading of the
order, he would not have made this inquiry. The
order to Commodore Decatur was, to go and cap-
ture the enemy's frigate—not the frigate of the
United States, but the frigate of they Dey of Al-
giers, and to burn—or perhaps to burn and sink
her.
He recurred to the principle of the law of prizes,
and contended that this claim rested upon pre-
cisely the same foundation, and was strictly an
equitable claim. He referred to the fact, that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had
considered this a volunteer expedition.
Mr. STANTON (in explanation) said he con-
curred with the gentleman from Maryland, that it
was peiformed under orders; hut the idea origin-
ated with Commodore Decatur, and was sane- |
tioned; and the order was given by Commodore
Preble. !
Mr. McLANE concurring with the gentleman '
from Tennessee upon this point, considered that
this fact increased the merit of the claim. He
argued that the objections of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] and the gentleman from '
Missouri, [Mr. Green,] would applv with equal |
force to every pension which was granted by the I
Government to a widow. What were such pen- j
sions but bounties—honorable bounties! But to
stigmatize this claim as a gratuity, was assuming
a gratuitous liberty of reflecting upon the orders
of our naval officers, and was in direct disregard
of the principle which lay at the foundation of the
maritime law of prizes.
In accordance with his pledge, he renewed the
motion to lay on the table; .but withdrew it at the
appeal of—
Mr. HUBBARD, who pledged himself to renew
the motion. He argued that this case differed
from that of an ordinary prize, inasmuch as the
vessel captured was not the enemy's vessel, but
a vessel of the United States, which had been lost
in the hazards of war, and recaptured by Commo-
dore Decatur, though in pursuance of an idea
he himself had originated, yet in obedience to pos-
itive orders of his superior officer, and burnt under
the same order. Would it do to pay for our own
vessels, which after they had been lost, might be
retaken and burnt ? He would not undertake to
say what influence the establishment of sucb a
principle might exert upon our naval officers. He
could not sanction it. He should demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
He wanted to see if there was a great party who
only wanted a pretext to vote away the public
money. It had been so said—he did not believe it.
If this bill were passed, he should believe it.
He renewed the motion to lay the bill on the
table, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. HUBBARD declined, stating that he did
not feel authorized to withdraw the motion, having
made it in compliance with his pledge to another
gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I have only to say,
the bill has been unanimously reported by the
Naval Committee, and they are not heard upon it.
Mr, HUBBARD. They have been heard all
the morning.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question, " Shall this bill be laid on the
table?" was then taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 104, nays 58, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Ashe, Averett, Bcale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowilon,
Rnwhn,Brcck, William J. Brown, Caldwell, J. P. Calvin,
Cartter, Chngman, W. ft. W. Cobb, Conger, Croweli, Dira-
mick, Disney, Dunham, Durltee, Ewing, Featlierston, Fitch,
Freedley, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Gou
Green, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris, S. W. Har-
ris, T. L. Harris, Havmond, Henry, H.bbaid. Howe, Hub-
bard, Hunter, Inge, W. T. Jackson, A. Johnson, J. L. John-
son, E. XV. Johnson, Join s, Julian, Kaulimm, Preston Kin",
Littlefield, J. Mann, Mason, McDonald, MrCaiighev, Mc-
Lanahan, McMullen, Meacliam, Miller, Mi!!>on, Moms,
Oir,Otis, Parker, Peislte, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Robbing,
Robinson. Root, Rose, Ross, Rumsev, Saekett, Savase, Saw-
telle, heimerhorn, Sheppeid, Spr'asue, Stetson, Sivectser,
Tlioma-i, Jacob Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs,
Vcnnblc, Waldo, Wallace, Wdtkins, Wellborn, Wrntwortli,
Whittlesey, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, and Young—101.
NAYS—Messis. Andrews, Bennett, Brooks, Burrows,
Clark, Cleveland, Colcor-k, Corwm, Dickey, Daer. Duncan,
C. Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C. (Jnhell, Campbell, Chandler,
Edmund,on, Fowler. Hampton, Hoaffland, Hollidav. Kerr.
G. G. King, Jas. G. King, John A. Kim:, La Sere, MafthalU
Matleson, McCleruand, McKissoek, Robert M. McLane,
McQueen, Morebead, Morse, Morton, Nelson, f'ele. Out-
law, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed. Rockwell,
Schenck, Schoolcraft, Seddori, Silvester, Spalding, Htanh,
Frederick P.Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thadde us Ste-
vens, Taylor, Tuck, Onderhill, Van Dyke, Wulden, White,
and Wmthrop— 58.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. GOTT moved a reconsideration of the
vote and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays, re-
marking that he would withdraw the demand if
the gentleman would consent to let the motion he
over until to-Korrow.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. SCHENCK (remarking that if the House
should now adjourn, the question would then be
pending) moved that the House adjourn.
1 he motion, by ayes 50, noes 7S, was rejected.
The question then recurrcd on the motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider, and,
having been taken, it was decided in the affirma-
tive without a division.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
A motion was made that the House do now
adjourn, but the yeas and nays having been or-
dered, the motion was withdrawn.
HEIRS OF JOHN DICKSON.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of John Dick-
