THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
3!st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1850.
New Seriss.  ^..No. 108.
much as ploughs constructed on those principles were
fcnowri i-n iters country durit*g the presidency of Mr. Jeffer-
son, Mr. Wood could not, in my opinion, justly chum that
5ie first introduced them here, much less could he jasHy
■claim their invention. And, of course, -his representatives
can set up no Mich ptevsrice in support of their application
(at a second extension of his patent.
feu! the plough has, probably, some merits; not more,
however, than v<>ry many others that have been before and
since patented, [t h«s by no means merits which should
•enfitfe its inventor lo an exclusive monopoly of its sale and
use for foity tuo or even twenty-eight years.
In view of the fact thai the improvements of the plough
invented by Jethro Wood have not preeminent merits to
<eiitltle the inventor to uncommon favor, and also in view of
the fact that Mr. Wood and his representatives have already
•enjoyed a monopoly of his invention dnnng the period of
twenty-eight years, a period twice as iong as the usual term
fi.\i-d by law for the duration of patents, I am clearly of the
opmion that justice to the inventor does not require a fur-
ther extension of his patent.
The plough is an implement of universal use In agricul-
ture, and absolutely ncce^sary in the present stage of ad-
vancement m that art; and, as you are well aware, it is now
almost umvei-ally constructed of cast-iron, with mould-
boards shaped upon mathematical principles. What, then,
would be the effect of an extension of Mr. Jethro Wood's
patent upon the interests of agriculture in this country,
taking it tor graived that the validity of the patent can be
sustained? It would enable the legal representatives of the
inventor to levy a tax of millions of dollars upon the farmers
o.17 ih • United States during the term for which it is proposed
to euend f. In my opinion the farming interest has already
foeen suflicientlv taxed by this patent, and it would be an
act of miustice to burden it again for another period of four-
teen yea-rs, or for any length of time.
t enclose jna a copv of an assignment by the executor
of Wood to Edward R. Morgan, conveying one fourth part
of the iuteiest in the exte-nded term m consideration of
money advanced to procure from '""ongress the extension of
tfee patent which is now sought. This consideration should,
of cour«t\ have its due weight in determining the expediency
of granting the extension prayed for by the parties interested.
Since wining the above, I have had placed m my hands a
letter add)es^ed by A. B Allen, E-q.} editor of an agricul-
tural paper published in the city of New York, to the Hon
Dixon H. l-ftt is of the United State® Senate, in which he
confirms my own views in regard to the novelty of Wood's
invention, and sa'isfies me that there is verv httle merit in
fit. It is doubtful if Wood invented anything about the
fdough which was patentable. I have examined Ransouie's
work referred ro by Mi. Allen.and find Mr. Allen completely
sustained in his assertion, that the alleged invention of
Wood was known in England and Scotland hmghefoie he
pretended to make it. Indued, there are numeiou? authoii-
iies in the library of thisnffice which establish the same fact.
I have the honor to be, vprv respectfully, ymtr obedient
servant, IjDMIJNIJ BURKE, Commhsioner of Patents.
Hon. J. E Brady, House of Representatives.
This, sir, is the able, clear, and emphatic opin-
ion of the head of the Patent Office, when these
women first sought the power of Congress to en-
able them to oppress the people. Has any one
undertaken to controvert that opinion ? Will any
member of the committee who reported this bill
undertake to dispute its facts, its reasoning, or
its conclusions? If they will not—if they cannot—
why should they undertake to push this bill
through with such hot haste ? Mr. Speaker, have
thefatmersof the United States no Representa-
tives here? Is there no one here to guard their
rights, to protect their interests, to defend them
asainst oppression and taxation'1 Sir, I can tell
the lawyers here, who have yielded to the pressing
and constant solicitations of these women, that
their constituents will hold them to a strict ac-
count for any vote which they may give which
lays a heavy hand unon the implements or the
occupation of the farmer.
The plough is free, and a unanimous voice will
be heard against fettering: it, by any system of
monopoly or taxation. These applicants assert
that Jethro Wood was involved in constant litiga-
tion through the whole twenty-eight years that he
had the exclusive control of his patent. Sir, the
reason is obvtous. He claimed too much. Fie
undertook to monopolize over this entire country
the cast-iron plough. He denounced the other
three hundred and fifty-nine patentees for improve-
ments in the plough as innovators and pirates. He
undertook to force them to pay tribute to him, or
to deprive them of the right of casting ploughs;
and ever since that decision before Jud°:e Nelson,
to which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Har-
lan] referred, his heirs and assignees have been
levying black-mail upon the manufacturers of
ploughs all over the country. If they resisted,
they have been threatened with litigation and ha-
rassed with suits.
108
No wonder that he should have involved him-
self in lawsuits. No wonder that an intelligent
community should have resisted so monstrous a
claim. Sir, pass this bill, which holds out such
tempting hopes of gain to these young ladies and
their assignees, and the whole country will be
involved in litigation. An intelligent community
will inquire into the merits of Jethro Wood^s in-
vention, and they will submit to no exactions or
any restraints upon the free use of the cast-iron
plough. I am therefore opposed to the passage
of this bill.
Before Mr. B. had concluded—
Mr. SILVESTER interposed, and inquired if
the morning hour had not expired ?
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
ha(j not yet commenced, and would not until pri-
vate business was disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if any further
proof were necessary to satisfy this House of the
gross injustice which would be imposed upon the
farmers of the country by the passage of this bill,
1 subjoin the following resolutions of the New
York State Agricultural Society:
"Whereas a bill has recently passed the United States
Renale, renewing, for the term of seven years, the patent of
Jethro Wood, for improvements in the cast-iron plough, and
imposing a tax of fifty cent* on every cast-iron plough manu-
factured in the United States during that time 3 and whereas
forth« following reason® such an act would bp manifestly
improper and unjust, viz-—1st, That the patent of Jethro
Wood has, as we are informed, almost mtirefv pissed out
of the hands of his heir?, and is now mostly held by persons
who have conferred no particular benefit and have tlv re-
fore no special claims on the public; arid 2d. That the im-
provement* originated or formerly claimed bv said Wood ]
are now in manv instances combined with other or later j
improvement*, which have rendered the plough much more ;
peifect than it could he made on the basis of his invention i
alone: Therefore, |
" Resolved, That in the opinion of this pociety, the patent !
of Jethro Wood ought not to he renewed; he having en-
joved,in the period of twenty-eight year-*, for which hi$
patent h^been granted, a fall equivalent fc r every improve-
ment that mav have been made bvhim in theca<t-iion plough.
" Resolved, That in the opinion of this society, the parage
of «uch a hill into a law, would be an an act of gross in-
justice to the farmersnnd planters of the United States.
" Resolved, That thissocietv respectfully but earnestly ten-
ders to the Conyressof the United S/ates, its remonstrance
against the passage of the bill renewing the patent of Jethro
Wood. B. P. JOHNSON, Secretary."
Mr. NELSON then took the floor, pent to the
Chair the following amendment, which was read
for information, viz:
« AnA provided further, That nothing in this act contained
shall be construed so as to hinder or prevent any person or
persons, his or their legal representatives or assignees from
making, using, or vending the plough above mentioned and
referred to, who may by purchase, assignment, or other-
wise, have acquired the rght to do so from the said J< thro
Wood, in hi? hfe time, orfiom his legal representatives
since his death, or from any assignee or as-ignees of the
said Jethro Wood, or his or theii legal representatives,
without being liable or sublet to pay to the <=aid representa-
tives, children or heirs at law pf the said Jethro Wood, any
sum whatever for licenses to make or use ploughs under the
provisions of this act.
" J3nd be it further enacted, That this act shall not be con-
strued sons to confirm the patent granted to said Jethro
Wood in 1819, above referred to, nor shall the representa-
tives, children and heirs of the said Jethro Wood, under this
act, have anv other or granted rights than the said Jethro
Wood had under said patent."
Mr. N. said that if the bill then under consider-
ation was to pass the House, the amendment he
offered ought to be adopted.
It was well known (he said) to those who are
acquainted in the manufacturing districts ol" this
country, that Jethro Wood, in his lifetime, and
since his death those who have claimed to repre-
sent him and be entitled to whatever rights and
interest he had under the patent of*I819 and the
the act of Congress of May, 1832, sold and as-
signed to numerous plough manufacturers in vari-
ous parts of the country, the right of using, in the
making of ploughs, whatever improvements in
that implement had been patented to Jethro Wood;
and it is confidently believed that very consider-
able sums of money for such sale and assign-
ments had been from time to time received, in the
whole amounting to a sum vastly beyond that sug-
gested by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Har-
lan.] It would therefore be manifestly unjust to
those purchasers of the Wood patent; and he be-
lieved that there were hundreds of them in differ-
ent parts of the country, to be now subject to tfoe
tax proposed to be imposed by the bill under con-
sideration upott every cast-iron plough hereafter
to be made, for the benefit of the children and
heirs of Mr. Wood, after they had already pur-
chased for a valuable consideration of Mr. Wood,
or of those claiming under him, a right, for all time
to come, to use the improvements, whatever they
may have been, claimed by Wood under his patent.
It is well known that in 1819, when this patent
to Jethro Wood was granted, that patents were
granted with but little regard or attention to the
question whether there was anything novel or
original in the invention or improvement for which
a patent was claimed; the question of originality
or novelty being entirely open, without regard to
Wood's patent, whenever the patentee under-
took to" enforce his exclusive rights under his
patent. It is believed by most persons who have
examined the fnerits of this patent, and criticised
the claim of Jethro Wood, as the inventor of the
cast-iron plough, that he has no merit as an invent-
or of any new principle in the construction of the
plough. It has been supposed by some, that if the
bill upon the table should be passed, it would be
an act of confirmation by Congress of the patent of
1819, and deprive the manufacturer of the right of
questioning the validity of the patent. Should
that be so, there is a propriety, if not a necessity,
of adopting the second clause of this amendment.
Mr. N. said he had no disposition to consume
the time of the House by going into a further dis-
cussion of the bill upon the table. The gentleman
who had preceded him [Mr. Bingham] had briefly
but clearly and fairly presented the merits of the
case, and he could add nothing to what that gen-
tleman had said per'inent to the-question now be-
fore the House But whilst up, he begged leave
to advert to a question put to him when this bill
on a former day was before the House. The
honorable gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] then asked him (Mr. N.) whether the
j Legislature of New York had not expressed in
I some way its opinion in favor of the passage of
j this bill; and whether the State Agricultural
j Society of New York had not also expressed a
| similar opinion ? He (Mr. N.) then stated to the
gentleman [Mr. H ] that he was ignorant of any
such expression of opinion. He was now, how-
ever, enabled to stale, that neither the Legislature
of New York nor the Agricultural Society of that
State, had expressed any such opinion or wish as
seemed to be implied by the gentleman's question.
But, on the contrary, the Legislature of New
York, m 1848, soon after it was known that a
similar bill to the one now upon the tabla was be-
foie the last Congress, and had even passed the
Senate before it was generally known that any
such bill was thought of, passed a resolution re-
questing the Representatives in this House from
that State, and instructing its Senators, to oppoSe
the passage of that bill, and he beeged leave now
to present that resolution. [Mr. N. then sent to
the Chair the resolutions, which were read from
the Clerk's desk, and are as follow:]
State of Nfav York, In Jlssembhj, March 2, 1848.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur.) That the Senator? and
Representatives in Congress from tins State bo requested to
oppose the passage of any law continuing 01 renew ing to the
heirs and a-signs of the late Jethro Wood, of this State,
patent' e of Wood's cast-iron ploughs, any exclusnn or pe-
culiar privileges in the manufacture, vending, or use of the
said plough—which after having been for many years, to the
onerous annoyance of faimers, continued to the heirs of the
patentee by special legislation, have now of right vested in ,
the people of the (Jmted States and of the world, and of
which they cannot rightfully be divested.
Resolved, That the Cierks of the Senate and Assembly be
instructed to transmit the above lesolution to each of the
Senatois and Representatives.
By order of the Assembly, P, B. PRINDLE, Clerk.
In Senate, March 30, 1848.
Resolved, That ihe Senate do concur in the foregoing res-
olution. A. H. CALHOUN, Olerk of Senate,
[Laws of 1848, page 581 ]
Mr. NELSON added, he had also a copy of the
resolutions adopted by the executive committee of
the Agricultural Society of his State,- passed
about the same time, in opposition to the pas-
sage of any bill of the character of the one now
