620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
end testimony upon the charge preferred by Mr.
P. King, of New York, against the Speaker.
The SPEAKER said the Journal would be
amended by stating the motion.
The Journal was then approved.
A RECESS.
Mr. VINTON rose and said: We may expect
in a little time, Mr. Speaker, to receive from the
Senate a message announcing the melancholy
event which is already known to us as a national
calamity. Instead of proceeding to the discharge
of the ordinary business of the House, I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
take a recess until we receive the message from
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
motion made by the gentleman from Ohio will be
considered as agreed to, and the House will take
a recess until such time as the message is received
from the Senate.
No objection being made,
The Speaker left the chair, and the House
took a recess.
At ten minutes past one the Speaker resumed
the chair.
THE DECEASE OF MR. CALHOUN.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of A. Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, who
said that he was directed to communicate to the
House information of the decease of the Hon.
John C. Calhoun, a Senator in Congress from
the State of South Carolina, and the proceedings
of the Senate thereon.
The message having been read,
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, rose and ad-
dressed the House as follows:
It becomes, Mr. Speaker, my solemn duty to
announce to this House the decease of the honor-
able John C. Calhoun, a Senator of the State of
South Carolina. He expired at his lodgings in
this city, yesterday morning, at seven o'clock. He
lives no longer among the living: he sleeps the
sleep of a long night which knows no dawning.
The sun which rose so brightly on this morning,
brought to him no healing m its beams.
We, the Representatives of our State, come to
sorrow over the dead; but the virtue, and the life,
and the services of the deceased, were not confined
by metes and bounds; but standing on the broad
expanse of this Confederacy," he gave his genius
to the States, and his heart to his entire country.
Carolina will not therefore be suffered to mourn
herhonoied son in secret cells and solitary shades;
but her sister States will gather around her in this
palace of the nation, and bending over that bier,
weep as she weeps, and mourn with the deep,
afflictive mourning of her heart. Yes, sir, her hon-
ored son—honored in the associations of his birth,
which occurred when the echoes and the shouts of
freedom had not yet died along his native hills,
born of parents who had partaken of the toils,
been affected by the struggles, and fought in the
battles for liberty—he seemed as if he were bap-
tized in the very fount of freedom. Reared amid
the hardy scenery of nature, and amid a stern,
ration had come like to a spirit from on high;
and he felt that within him were found treas-
ures that learning was essential to unfold. He
gathered up his patrimony, he hastened to the
College of Yale, and there, under the tuition of
that accomplished scholar and profound theolo-
gian, Rev. Dr. Dwight, he became, in a short
period, the first among the foremost, indulging not
in the enjoyments, m the luxuries, and the dissi-
pations of a college life, but with toil severe, with
energy unbending, with devotion to his studies,
he becamc (to use the language of a contemporary)
" a man among boys." In a conflict intellectual
with his great master, the keen eye of Dr. Dwight
discerned the great qualifications which marked
the man, and prophesied the honors that have
fallen in his pathway. He was solitary, and asso-
ciated not much with his class. He indulged his
propensity to solitude; he walked among the elms
that surround that ancient college, and in the cells,
in the secret shades of that institution, he felt that
dawning on his mind which was to precede the
brighter and the greater day; and laismg himself
from the materiality around him, he soared on the
wings of contemplation to heights sublime, and
whirling his flight along the zodiac, raised his
head among the stars. The honors of the college
became his meed, and departing thence with the
blessings and the benedictions of his venerable
instructor, he repaired for a short period to the
school of Litchfield, and there imbibed those prin-
ciples of the common law, based upon the rights
of man, and throwing a cordon around the British
and the American citizen. He left, and upon his
return home, was greeted by the glowing presence
of his friends, who had heard from a distance the
glad tidings of his studies and his success. He
took at once his position among his neighbors.
He was sent by them to the councils of the State;
and there, amid a glittering array of lofty intel-
lects and ennobled characters, he became first
among the first.
But that sphere was too limited for the expan-
sibility of a mind which seemed to know no limit
but thegood of all mankind. Attheageof twenty-
eight he was transferred to this hall. He came not,
sir, to a bower of ease; he came riot in the moment
of a sunshine of tranquillity; he came when the
country was disturbed by dissension from within,
and pressed from without by the great Powers of
Europe, then contending for the mastery of the
world, and uniting and harmonizing in this, and
this alone—the destruction of American institu-
tions, the annihilation of American trade. The
whole country (boy as 1 then was, I well remem-
ber) seemed as if covered with a funeral gloom.
The spirits of the best men seemed crushed amid
that pressuie, and the eye of hope<(6arce found con-
consolation in any prospect of the future. But he
had not been long in these halls, before he took the
gauge and measurement of the depth of these
calamities, and the compass of its breadth. He
applied himself most vigorously to the applica-
tion of the remedies for so vital a disease. He
found that a mistaken policy had added to the
calamities on the ocean, that still furthei calamity
pious, and reserved population, yet unseduced by j of fettenng, with a restrictive system, the very
the temptations, and unnerved by the luxuries of|j motions and energies of the people. He looked
life, he gathered fioiu surrounding objects, and down and saw that there was a mighty pressure,
from the peop'e of his association, that peculiar
hue and coloring which so transcendently marked
his life Unfettered by the restraints of the school-
house, he wandered m those regions which sur-
rounded his dwelling, unmolested, and indulged
those solitary thoughts, in rambling through her
mighty forests, which gave that peculiar cast of
thinking and reflection to his mighty soul. He
was among a people who knew but few books,
and over whose minds learning had not yet thrown
its effulgence. But they had the Bible; and with
his pious parents, he gathered rich lore, which
surpasses that of Greek or Roman story. At an age
when youths are generally prepared to scan the
classics, he was yet uninitiated in their rudiments.
Under the tuition of the venerable Doctor Waddle,
his relative and friend, he quickly acquired
what that gentleman was able to impart, and
a gi eat weight upon the resources of this country,
which time had gradually mcieased, and he re-
solved at once, with that resolution which charac-
terized him—with that energy which impelled him
direct to his purpose—to advise what was con-
sidered a remedy too great almost for the advice
of any other—" at once, weak as we were in num-
bers, unprepared as we were in arms, (fiminished
as were our resouices, to bid defiance to Britain,
and assume the attitude of a conflicting nation for
its rights."
Fortunately for the country, that advice was
taken, and then the great spirit of Ameuca, re-
leased from her shackles, ilamed up and caused
her to arouse from her prostrate condition, and,
standing erect, shake her spear in bold defiance.
Jn that war, his counsels contributed as much,
I am informed, as those of any man, to its final
even then began to develop those mighty pow- j success. At a period when our troops on* the
ers of clear perception, rapid analysis, quick | frontier, under the command of the Governor of
comprehension, vast generalization, for which New \ ork, were about to retire from the line
he was subsequently so eminently distinguished. ;j and that Governor had written to Mr Madison
He lemamed but a very short time at his school, !! that he had exhausted his own credit and the
and returned again to his rustic employments. || cieditof all those whose resomces he could com-
cut tne spirit had been awakened—the mspi- j; inand, and his means were exhausted; and unless,
in a short period, money was i?ent on to invigorate
the troops, the war must end, and our country-
bow down to a victorious foe,—-sir, upon that
occasion Mr. Madison became so disheartened,
that he assembled his counsellors, and asked for
advice and aid, but advice and aid they had not
to give. At length Mr. Dallas, the Secretary of
the Treasury, said to Mr. Madison, You are sick
—retire to your chamber—leave the rest to us. I
will send to the Capitol for the youthful Her-
cules, who hitherto has borne the war upon his
shoulders, and he will counsel us a remedy. Mr.
Calhoun came. He advised and appealed to the
States for the loan of their credit. It seemed as
if a new light had burst upon the Cabinet. His
advice was taken. The States generously re-
sponded to the appeal. These were times of fear-
ful import. We were engaged in war with a na-
tion whose resources were ample, while ours were
crippled. Our ships of war, few in number, were
compelled to go forth on the broad bosom of the
deep, to encounter those fleets which had signalized
themselves at the battles of Aboukir and Trafalgar,
and annihilated the combined navies of France and
Spain. But there was an inwaid strength—there
was an undying confidence—in the hearts of a free
people; and they went forth to battle and to con-
quest.
Sir, the clang of arms and the shouts of victory
had scarcely died along the dark waters of the
Niagara—the war upon the plains of Orleans had
just gone out with a blaze of glory—when all
eyes were instinctively turned to this youthful
patriot, who had rescued his country m the dark
hour of her peril. Mr. Monroe transferred him
to his Cabinet; and upon that occasion, so confused
was the Department of War, so complicated and
disordered, that Mr. William Lowndes, a friend of
Mr. Calhoun, advised him against risking the
high honors he had achieved upon this floor, for
the uncertain victories of an Executive position.
But no man had pondered more thoroughly the
depths of his own mind, and the purposes of his
own heart—none knew so well the undaunted reso-
lution and energy that always characterized him,
and he resolved to accept, and did. He related to
me, what was extremely characteristic—he went
into the department, but became notof it for a while.
He gave no directions—he let the machinery move
on by its own impetus, in the mean time he
gathered, with that minuteness which characterized
him, all the facts connected with the working of the
machinery. With that power of generalization for
which he was so remarkable, he combined together
in one system all the detached parts, instituted the
bureaus, imparting individual responsibility to
each, and requiring from them that responsibility
in turn, but uniting them all in beautiful harmony,
and creating in the workings a perfect unity.
And so complete did that work come from his
hands, that at this time there has been no change
material in this department. It has passed through
the ordeal of another war, and it still remains
fresh, and without symptoms of decay. He knew
that if we were to have wars, we should have the
science to conduct them; and he therefore directed
his attention to West Point, which, fostered by
his care, became the great school of tactics and of
military discipline, the benefits of which have so
lately been experienced in the Mexican cam-
paign.
But, sir, having finished this work, his mind
instinctively looked for some other great object
on which to exercise its powers. He beheld "the
Indian tribes, broken down by the pressure and
the advances of civilization, wasting away before
the vices, and acquiring none of the virtues, of the
white man. His heart expanded with a philan-
thopy as extensive as the human race. He im-
mediately conceived the project of collecting them
into one nation, of transferring them to the other
side of the great river, and freeing them at once from
the temptations and the cupidity of the Christian
man. Sir, lie did not remain m office to accomplish
this great object. Dut he had laid its foundation
so deep, he had spread out his plans so broad, that
he has reared to himself, in the establishment of
that people, a moie enduring monument than
battles ever gave, and gathered more glorious tro-
phies, than can be plucked upon the plains of
war. The triumphs of war are marked by deso-
lated towns and conflagrated fields; Jus triumphs
wiil be seen in the collection of the Indian tribes,
constituting a confederation among themselves, m
