1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug, 80,
upon the table, but he would not now trouble the |
House by having it read. , :
Mr. N., in conclusion, said that he had been in- j
formed that certain gentlemen who were members |
of the executive committee of the Agricultural ;
Society of New,York, as well as some other re- ,
spectable gentlemen, some of them probably mem- ;
bers of the Legislature of his State, had signed ;
a petition in favor of the passage of some bills j
which should benefit the fair applicants who have :
the charge of the bill now upon its passage; and
we all know how ungallant, if not rude, it would '
seem, not to comply with the request of a lady ;
merely to sign a paper, which she supposes may •
be of service to her. But how much soever '
every member of this House may feel inclined to 1
oblige the ladies, he, (Mr. N.) doubted whether ;
there were many who would feel it to be their duty, ;
in the discharge of their duty as legislators, to
vote fcr the bill on the table, thus laying a tax,
though apparently of trifling amount, yet in the
aggregate it is believed would amount to millions,
upon their constituents.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Speaker, it yould be
much more agreeable to my feelings to permit this
question to pass without remark. The petitioners
before us are females, asking for a remuneration
of Josses suffered by their father at the hands of
those who have fraudulently divested him of hjs
rights under a patent issued m 1819. My sympa-
thies are enlisted in their behalf, and I would gladly
give a vote in accordance with their wishes. But,
sir, justice to ray constituents, and the agricultu-
ral interests of the country, requires that the bill
^hould not pass. Jethro Wood obtained a patent
in 1819 for an imptovement in the construction of
a plough; that patent was renewed, and the exclu-
sive privileges it conferred enjoyed for twenty-
eight years. The chief matter in his patent was
the cast-iron mould board and cast-iron point.
Upon this plough many improvements have been
made, all referring to Wood's patent plough.
Upon this state of facts, the courts have decided,
that all ploughs including Wood's first improve- :
ment infringed his patent, and were liable to him
for damages. The bill before us now, although
the last extension of his patent has expired, gives ,
twenty percent, to the heirs of Wood upon each
plough which includes his improvement. The re-
sult, Mr. Speaker, of the passage of this bill will :
be to inflict a tax of twenty per cent, upon every
farmer for each of the cast-iron ploughs now in
use m the country, and which includes a cast-iron
mould-board. It would give the heirs of Wood
something like a bonus of two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, to be levied on the farmirg inter-
est of the country, and a continuation of an annual i
tax to an immense amount. However I may sym- |
pathize with these individuals, who have suffered :
by lawsuits, and have been robbed by those who
have pirated on their patent, it is one of the misfor- :
tunes o^trade, for which we may well be sorry,
but which would afford no excuse for a heavy
tax upon the ploughing- people of the country. A
patent is a monopoly, at best: I am content to
abide, but not to peipetuate it, for the benefit of
those who come to ask favors here. 1 have no
right to tax my constituents, who use this plough
almost exclusively, thirty yeais after the patent
has been issued, and years after it has expired
after one renewal. The whole patent business
has, from frauds and collusions between partners, i
becptne a great grievance. Ploughs, and water
wheels, and other inventions become m general
use, without notice to those who purchase them t
that they are patented—then the whole country is ,
to be swindled by lawsuits and contioversies. It
would be a strong case that would induce me to ]
renew a patent once; there is sarcely one to he I
conceived in which I would renew it twice. It is '•
often the fortune of inventors not to reap the full
profits of their inventions—Pulton and Whitney
are striking instances. One revolutionized the
motive power of navigation and machinery; the
other gave the world the great staple of cotton by
his gin. They derived but little advantage from
their ingenuity. I would vote a pension in such a
case; but 1 cannot rob the public of a right to use
that invention, when by the expiration of the pat- ■
ent it became public property. ;
In reply to an inquiry by Mr. Thompson, of .
Mississippi— I
Mr. Y. said that the patent included every cast- i
iron plough used in the United States. !
A brief conversation followed on this point.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that this sub-
ject had already consumed sufficient time. It was
not a very exciting question,and, presuming that
the House was ready to vote upon it, he called
the previous question;
Mr. STRONG, (to the Speaker.) Has any mo-
tion been made to commit the bill?
The SPEAKER. No motion to commit has
been made. There is a motion to amend pending,
and the first question is on the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Nelson.]
Mr. STRONG asked the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] to withdraw the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON declined at first, but, on the
pledge ofrenewa4, withdrew the motion.
Mr. STRONG moved that the bill be committed
to the Committee of the Whole, and on that mo-
tion demanded the previous question.
Mr. SILVESTER moved that the whole sub-
ject be laid upon the table.
Tellers were asxed on that motiun.
Mr. NELSON demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, were—yeas
95, nays 76; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, A«hp, Avprett, Baker, Bay,Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bokee, Boyd, RuhI, Burrow?, Bum, Ches-
ter Butler, Calvin, CamphHI, Cartter, Clingman, Colcoc-k,
Cole, Corwin, Damp!, Dickey, Dimmick, Durkee, Eliot,
Alpxandef Evan*, Nathan Evan1', Fowler, Freed ley, Puller,
Giltnnre, Gott, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hamp-
ton, Haymond, Henry, Hifob.ird, flolladay, Hop^ton, Howe,
Hunter, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Preston Kmc, La SSie, Littlefield, Job
Mann, Marshall, McClernand, McDowell, McGanghey,
MeKissoek, McLanahan, McMullen, MilNon, Mooip, More-
head, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Oris, Out-
law, Pea?lee, Phelps, Pitman, Putnam. Reynolds, Rohhins,
Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ros?, Savag -, Silvester, Spaulding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, James Thomp
son, Thurman, Toombs, Venabie, Wallace, Wellborn,
Wentworth. and Whittlesey—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews. Bennett. Bissell, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Brigjrs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, E. C. Cabell,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chandler, Clarke,
W. R. W. Cobb, Conger, Deberry, Disney, Dotv, Duncan,
Ewing, Feather?ton, Geiry, Gidding*, Gould, Gieen, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Jsham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Hebard, Iidliard, Hoagland, Howard, Hub1mrd,
inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King,
James G King, John A. King, Leffler, Horace Mann, Mat-
teson, McQueen, Meacham, Morse, Morton, Peck, Potter,
Pnwel), Kumsey, Seherick, Schermerborn, Sehnolciaft,
Seddon, Spiague, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Sweeper,
Thomas. Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Wa-kms, White, and Williams—76.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. HALL moved a reconsideration of the vote
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
cheap postage.
Mr. POTTER moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (with
a view to move in committee that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the cheap postage
bill.)
the indian appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, would be glad,
he said, if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter]
would waive his motion, to allow him (Mr. J,) to
move to take up the Indian appropriation bill. It
v/as now on the Speaker's table, on its third read-
ing, and it was requisite that it should be passed
for the benefit of the Indians.
"w. s. hardin.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is another private bill on the Speaker's table,
the disposition of which will probably not take j
more than a few minutes. It is the bill" for the re- i
lief of Winthrop S. Hardin. The Committee of !
the Whole were discharged from its consideration 1
on a former day, and a motion was subsequently
made to recowimit it.
Mr. POTTER withdrew his motion.
the indian appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 move that the
Indian bill be taken up. It will not take five min-
utes tc dispose of it, and delay irr doing so will
lead to £reat inconvenience
Mr. PRESTON KING objected, and called for
the regular ord^r of business.
Mr. BAYLY said he could satisfy gentlemen,
if they would listen for one moment,, that this bill
ought to be acted upon immediately.
Mr. PRESTON KING persisted in his objec-
tion.
W. S. HARDIN.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the relief of W. S Hardin.
Mr. HUBBARD asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] to withdraw the mo-
tion he had made to recommit the bill, so that the
question might be taken directly on the passage of
the bill. And he (Mr. H.) would move the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman should move
the previous question, the question will be first on
the commitment of the bill, and if that is refused,
upon its passage.
Mr. HUBBARD said, that the House had al-
ready heard the bill discussed when the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] not now a mem-
ber of this House, submitted his motion in rela-
tion to it. He (Mr. H.) simply wished, there-
fore, th^t the report of the committee who reported
the bill miffht be read, and he would ask the pre-
vious question.
The report was read.
Mr. HUBBARD then said, he did not intend
to detain the House with any remarks. He
hoped that a direct vote on the passage of the bid
might be taken. The Committee of Claims had
reported the bill. It was, as every gentleman
knew, a hard committee, and no better argument
could be made in favor of a claim, than the state-
ment of the fact, that it had passed the scrutiny of
that committee—he moved the previous question.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Meade
and Mr. Hubbard.
The previous question was then seconded. The
main question was ordered to be now taken.
The House refused to recommit the bill. And
it was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. MORSE and Mr. HUBBARD moved a
reconsideration of the vote, and that that motion
be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
the indian appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, again asked that,
by general consent, the Indian appropriation bill
should be taken up and read a third time. It would
take only a few minutes, and he believed gentle-
men were satisfied of the propriety of its immedi-
ate passage.
Objection was made.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether there was
not another appropriation bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. There is the fortification
bill, and the Military Academy bill, which has
been returned from the Senate with an amendment. •
Mr. ASHMUN said, if the House would give
its consent that all the appropriation bills on the
Speaker's table should be taken up, he would not
object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to taking up the Indian appropriation bill?
Mr. ASHMUN. I do, unless all the appropri-
ation bills on the Speaker's table'are also to be
taken up.
Mr. BAYLY. If the House will allow me, I
can satisfy gentlemen of a necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill, which does not exist in the other
cases. There is a pressing necessity for the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. BISSELL objected.
Mr. DUER asked that, by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, all the appropriation bills on
the Speaker's table should be taken uo.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected. *
the private calendar.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the private
calendar.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, insisted on
the regular order of business.
u bundelcund/' &c.
The SPEAKERannounced, as the regular order,
the report made on Wednesday by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] from the se-
lect committee relative to the interference of office-
holders under the last Administration in elections,
and his resolution directing the Speaker to issue
his warrant to the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring to the
bar of the House Thomas Ritchie and C. P. Seng-
stack, to answer for an alleged contempt of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK was entitled to the floor, and
took it.
