1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
Mr. JONES, (to the Speaker.)- Doesthe morn-
inp1 hour now commence?
The SPEAKER. It does
Mr. SCHENCK said, that if he had not been
interrupted in his remarks yesterday he would
have finished what he intended to say in a few
minutes. He would not promise no*^ to be quite
so brief. But he would not detain the House
very long-. His object'was to call attention to the
true and real issue presented by the report of the
committee of which he had the honor to be a mem-
ber; and it was only because he was a member of
that committee that he felt himself constrained now
to address a few remarks to the House.
The question had already been discussed by the i
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] and the j
gentleman from Indiana, (Mr. Fitch,] in a very
discursive manner; in fact, the last-named gentle-
man had not touched the question at all. Both
these gentlemen, he must be permitted to say,
had wandered very widely from the subject
which was really before the House. The true
question to be considered was, whether the
committee was authorized to put questions to
the witnesses?, and whether the witnesses could
be compelled to answer? It was not now the
question whether the committee had been properly
raised, or whether this matter had been correctly
referred to it. And the gentleman from Indiana,
in going into these questions, had made remarks
which were entirely out of place. The House
had directed the appointment of this committee,
and had referred matters to that committee for
investigation, with power to take testimony. And
in obedience to the order of this House, the com-
mittee proceeded to the task of investigation, to
the examination of these special matters which
had been referred to it, and to no others. Mr.
Ritchie was summoned to appear before this com-
mittee, and was required to give answers to certain
questions relative to the subjects under examina-
tion, and especially to state whether certain ar-
ticles and communications which had been pub-
lished in the Union were written by clerks or
others connected with the public departments. Mr.
Ritchie refused to answer, on the ground that the
relation between him and his correspondents was
of a confidential character, and that he could not
•disclose the names of the authors without viola-
ting the sanctity of this relation. Such a ground
of refusal would not avail a witness m any court
of law. He would derive no protection from
law. Mr. Ritchie had placed himself m this posi-
tion; and the question for us to decide is, " Will
the House sustain him in it?" That is all. It
was not, therefore, worth while for the gentleman
from Indiana to go into the inquiry, whether
this committee should have been constituted, or
whether this matter had been properly referred to
it for examination. The House had before it the
order to the committee to go into the investiga-
tion. The exact terms of the question propounded
to the witness, and his refusal to answer, had
also been reported to the House. Except as he
was a member of this House, and a member of
the committee,he did not care whether Mr. Ritchie
answered the question or not. But as a mem-
ber of this House, and as a member of the com-
mittee, he should give his vote to compel those
witnesses to answer the questions which had been
proposed to them. He was entirely satisfied that
the House had the power to compel them to an-
swer. Had the gentleman from Indiana directed
his argument to that point—had he argued the
question of the power of the House, and of the
expediency of its exercise in this case, his obser-
vations would have been more relevant to the
subject under debate.
And how was it as to the other witness? We
find the keeper or the ex-keeper of the Peniten-
tiary associated with Mr. Ritchie. He also re-
fuses to answer. He tells the committee that he
is willing to answer the questions on which the
committee desired to obtain information, provided
he mi ht also give other information, which it was
not the duty of the committee, under us instruc-
tions, to obtain.
He expressed his willingness to answer, on con-
dition that he might be permitted to reply as to
other acts than those to which he was asked to
testify. Unless this condition is complied with,
he will not answer the question. He must be per-
mitted to go away from the topic pertinently sub-
mitted to him to answer, and to reply as to other
matters, which were not before the committee at
all. Now, this was something as if a witness was
called to the stand to testify as to an assault com-
mitted by A upon B, and, when the question was
put to him as to what he saw of the affray, he
should reply, that he would tell what he saw be-
tween these parties, on condition that he should be
allowed to say what took place in a fight between
C and D. But he did not intend to go into the
law of evidence. The committee had put the ques-
tion in the language authorized by the resolution
of the House, and the witness had refused to re-
ply, because the conditions he prescribed were not
acceded to. Thus, the keeper of the Penitentiary,
as well as the editor of the Union, stood on the
same ground of defiance against the House and the
committee. Here they stand together: Ritchie and
Sengstack—Sengstack and Ritchie; he would not
take it on himself to settle their precedence—here
they stand, side by side, resolute in their defiance,
and refusing to answer the questions propounded.
The question was a plain and pertinent one. As
to the position of Mr. Ritchie, whether he was a
Democrat of the very highest order, or whether he
did not exactly come up to the standard of the
highest—whether he was a man elevated in his
moral and intellectual character, or, as the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Evans] seemed to think,
not quite of that elevated class—these were irrel-
evant questions. He was before the committee as
a witness, and if he stood as high above his fellow-
men as heaven is above the earth, it made no dif-
ference in his view of the matter. Or, if he was
sunk so low beneath the lowest of the human spe-
cies as to be unworthy even of the contempt of
every high-minded and honorable man, it mattered
not. He was a witness, and that was sufficient.
As a witness, he was bound to reply to the inter-
rogatory which was put to him.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fttch] has
gone into an inquiry as to the motives by which
the members of the committee were influenced;
and he had drawn a distinction between the Whig
and the Democratic members of the committee.
All which fell from the gentleman from Indiana
did not reach his ear, in consequence of the noise
in the Hall, but he thought the gentleman stated
that the Democrats and the Whigs acted with-
out concurrence in this matter. And yet the gen-
tleman from Indiana and his Democratic colleagues
had not prepared a minority report. It was said
that the Whig portion of the committee were actu-
ated by an unfriendly feeling against Mr. Ritchie—
nothing was said about Sengstack—and that it was
such a feeling which had induced the report which
had been made.
What manner was this of arguing a question of
law ? We have nothing to do with the motives of
individuals. Did the gentleman from Indiana—a
member also of the committee—attempt to deny
any single fact in the report? Not so. He knew
that Mr. Ritchie and Mr. Sengstack were brought
before the committee; that the questions were pro-
posed to them; that those questions were pertinent to
the matters referred tothe committecby the House,
and that the witnesses refused to answer in the
manner stated in the report. Yet the gentleman
seeks to meet all this by asserting that.the commit-
tee had been divided into parties; had pursued a
tricky course in relation to each other, and that the
report had been instigated by unfriendly feelings.
Such a course of remark, he could only say,
did not rise to the dignity of argument. Such a
course could have no weight in this House. This
imputation of mean and partisan motiv-es to other
gentlemen upon that committee was unworthy
of reply. If it proved anything at all, he was
afraid it could only be regaided as evidence of a
consciousness in the heart of the gentleman from
Indiana that he could be actuated*by such in-
fluences.
There was another ground of objection which
had been taken by the gentleman irom Indiana.
It was alleged that the oath administered by the
committee required the witness to speak the truth
apd nothing but the truth, but did not require that
it should be the whole truth. This was the ground
on which the refusal of Sengstack was justified.
It was said that the manner of swearing the wit-
j ness differed from that which was adopted in a
; court of law, because the oath does not embrace
the whole truth. In reply to that objection, he
would say, that the first thine; which was done by
the committee, before any witnesses were called,
was" to come to an understanding as to the form of
the oath to be administered; and a form which,
seemed to be most^ conformable to the instructions
of the House was finally adopted, and received
the unanimous approbation of the committee. He
must be permitted to say that he thought the gen-
tleman from Indiana came here with an ill grace
to find fault with a mode of taking testimony in
which he himself had acquiesced. He could not
but look on the course of" that gentleman as dis-
courteous with reference to the other members of
that committee who had united with him in his
acquiescence. The gentleman from Indiana ob-
jects to the form of the oath administered by the
committee, and that the very form to which he
; had given his acquiescence.
He did not mean to be drawn into any length-
ened argument. He was not willing to give
a single hour to Mr. Ritchie at a moment when
there was matter of so much greater importance
before the House. And why gentlemen who were
the advocates of Mr. Ritchie should exhibit such
| impatience to occupy the time of the House, he
' knew not. He could only come to the conclusion
! that Mr. Ritchie imagines that he has before him
a good chance of being made a martyr. Mr.
Sengstack thinks that he too may become a martyr.
They may probably be ambitiousto attract to theni
the eyes of the country, and to give them higher
standing with the Democracy throughout the
Union. He had no particular interest in the mat-
ter. He had no desire to lend his aid to make
martyrs of these men. He did not think they
were stuff good enough for martyrs, Ritchie and
Sengstack! It would be too much trouble to be
• dragging the fagots to the spot, and to be making
the fire, for no better purpose than to make mar-
tyis of such men.
He would ask the Clerk to read the resolution
which had been submitted by the gentleman from
North Carolina.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. S. said he would move to amend the resolu-
tion so as to make the warrant of the Speaker re-
turnable on the second Monday of December. We
have other business, and of much higher and more
pressing importance at present to occupy our at-
tention. We have now no time to spare for Mr.
Ritchie. He could not be made a martyr now.
And indeed Mr. Ritchie mistakes the time himself.
In the present excited and preoccupied state of the
public mind, we might torture and burn him, and
it would never be heard of. Why it would attract
; no more attention than the squeak of a rat that
i you might chance to tread on amid the conflagra-
! tionofacity! It would bebetterto wait for thecool
I season, when we shall have becomecooler. Wecan
' then have these gentlemen brought up, and try the
: question. Hedid not believe that they would suffer
' much during the interval. The Sergeant*at-Arms
■ was generally understood to be civil and courteous,
1 and he would doubtless allow Mr. Ritchie*lo go on
! with the Union. And Mr. Sengstack would also
i be allowed to attend to his business, whatever it
! maybe. It would be no hardship to either of the
! gentlemen. Hedid not know that there would be
] much risk in letting them take each other in cus-
I tody. Mr. Ritchie has been for many years in the
i habit of taking care of the Democracy, and he may
< safely be trusted with Mr. Sengstack. And Mr.
j Sengstack'has been in the practice of taking care
i of persons of every rank, and Mr. Ritchie would
: be safe in his chaige.
I This was a question of the power of the House.
1 These persons were brought before the committee
| as witnesses, and, as witnesses, they were bound
i to answer the questions put to them. Having no
j doubt as to the power of the House, he hoped
that the question would be taken and seriously
' considered. If it should be decided that the
S House has the power, he hoped it would be ex-
| ercised. If not, let it be so decided. The com-
! rnittees which are now constructed, and those
j which will hereafter be constructed, wili find it
I necessary to understand the extent of the authority
| with which they are invested; whether they have
i power to coerce witnesses to answer interroga-
j tories or not. If they have no such power of
■ coercion, then their investigations must all be
! regarded as useless.
Believing that the House possesses this power,
that, as it is doubted by some, it is most import-
ant for the future conduct of the committees thatthe
question should be finally settled, and that we have
