622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
where it may shine on with undimmed brilliancy
forever!
Mr. Speaker, it is for others to enter into the
details of Mr. Calhoun's life and services. It is
for others to illustrate and to vindicate his peculiar
opinions and principles. It is for me to speak of
him only as he was known to the country at large,
and to all, without distinction of party, who have
represented the country, of late years, in either
branch of the National Councils.
-And speaking of him thus, sir, I cannot hesitate
to say, that, among what may be called the second
generation of American statesmen since the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, there has been no
man of a more marked character, of more pro-
nounced qualities, or of a wider and more deserved
distinction.
The mere length and variety of his public ser-
vice, in almost every branch of the National Gov-
ernment, running through a continuous period of
almost forty years—as a member of this House, as
Secretary of War, as Vice President of the United
States, as Secretary of State, and as a Senator from
his own adored and adoring South Carolina—
would alone have secured him a conspicuous and
permanent place upon our public records.
But he has left better titles to remembrance than
any which mere office can bestow.
There was an unsullied purity in his private life;
there was an inflexible integrity in his public eon-
duct; there was an indescribable fascination in his
familiar conversation; there was a condensed ener-
gy in his formal discourse; there was a quickness of
perception, a vigor of deduction, a directness and
a devotedness of purpose, in all that he said, or
wrote, or did; there was a Roman dignity in his
whole Senatorial deportment; which, together,
made up a character which cannot fail to be con-
templated and admired to the latest posterity.
I have said, sir, that New England can appropri-
ate no part of his fame. But we may bo permitted
to remember that it was in our schools of learning
and of law that he was trained up for the great con-
tests which awaited him in the forum or the Senate
Chamber. Nor can we forget how long and how
intimately he was associated in the Executive or
deliberative branches of the Government with more
than one of our own most cherished statesmen.
The loss of such a man, sir, creates a sensible
gap in the public councils. To the State which
he represented, and the section of country with
which he was so peculiarly identified, no stranger
.tongue may venture to attempt words of adequate
consolation. .But let us hope that the event may
not be without a wholesome and healing influence
upon the troubles of' the times. Let us heed the
voice, which comes to us all, both as individuals
and as public officers, m so solemn and signal n
providence of God. Let us remember that, what-
ever happens to the Republic, we must die ! Let
us reflect how vain are the personal strifes and
partisan contests m which we daily engage, in
view of the great account which we may so soon
be called on to render! As Cicero exclaimed, in
considering the death of Ciassus: " O fallacem
hominum spem, fra^iltm que fortunam, et inmlei
nostras contentiones
Finally, sir, let us find fresh bor.ds of brother-
hood and of union m the cherished memories of
those who have gone before us; and let us resolve
that, so far as in us lies, the day shall never come,
when New England men may not speak of the
great names of the South, whether among the
dead or among the living, as of Americans and
fellow-countrymen !
Mr. VENABLE rose and said,
Mr. Shaker: In responding to the announce-
ment just made by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, fMr. Homts,] I perform a sad and melan-
choly office. Did i consult my feelings alone, I
would be silent. In the other end of this building,
we have just heard the touching eloquence of two
venerable and distinguished Senators, his cotem-
poranes and compatriots. Their names belong to
their country as well as his; and I thought, while
each was speaking, of the valiant warrior, clothed
in armor, who, when passing the grave of one with
whom he had broken lances and crossed weapons,
dropped a tear upon his dust, and gave testimony
to his skill, his valor, and his honor. He whose
spirit lias fled, needs no effort of mine to piace his
name on the bright page of hi&toiy, nor would
any eulogy which I might pronounce, swell the !
vast ude of praises which will flow perennially j
from a nation's gratitude. The great American
statesman, who has fallen by the stroke of death,
has left the impress of his mind upon the genera-
tions among whom he lived—has given to pos-
terity the mines of his recorded thoughts, to
reward their labor with intellectual wealth—has
left an example of purity and patriotism on which
the weaned eye may rest,
" And gaze upon the great,
Where npithfr guilty glory glows,
Nor despicable state."
For more than forty years, his name is con-
spicuous in our history. Born at the close of the
revolutionary war, he was in full maturity to guide
the councils of his country in our second contest
with England. Never unmindful of her claims
upon him, he has devoted a long life to her ser-
vice, and has closed it, like a gallant warrior, with
his armor buckled on him. " Death made no
' conquest of this conqueror; for now he lives in
' fame, though not in life." The only fame, sir,
which he ever coveted—an impulse to great and
honorable deeds—a fame which none can despise,
who have not renounced the virtues w'hich deserve
it. It is at least some relief to our hearts, now
heaving with sighs at this dispensation of Heaven,
that he now belongs to bright—to enduring his-
tory; for his was one of " the few immortal names
that were not born to die." Of his early history,
the gentleman who preceded me has spoken; of
his illustrious life, 1 need not speak; it is known
to millions now living, and will Be familiar to the
world in after times.
But, sir, I propose to say something of him in
his last days. Early in the winter of 1848-9, his
failing health gave uneasiness to his friends, A
severe attack of bronchitis, complicated with an
affection of the heart, disqualified him for the
performance of his Senatorial duties with the
punctuality which always distinguished him. It
was then that I became intimately acquainted
with his mind, and above all, with his heart.
Watching by his bedside, and during his recovery,
I ceased to be astonished at the pow'er which his
master mind and elevated moral feelings had
always exerted upon those who were included
within the circle of his social intercourse. It was
a tribute paid spontaneously to wisdom, genius,
truth. Patriotism, honesty of purpose, and purity
of motive, rendered active by the energies ofsuch an
intellect as hardly ever falls to any man, gathered
around him sincere admirers and devoted friends.
That many have failed to appreciate the value of
the great truths which he uttered, or to listen to the
warnings which he gave, is nothing new in the
history of great minds. Bacon wrote for pos-
terity, and men of profound sagacity always
think in advance of their generation. His body
was sinking under the invasion o"f disease before
I formed his acquaintance, and he was passing
from among us before I was honored with his
friendship. I witnessed with astonishment the
influence of his mighty mind over his weak physi-
cal structure. Like a powerful steam-engine on a
frail bark, every revolution of the wheel tried its
capacity for endurance to the utmost. But yet
his mind moved on, and as if insensible of the
decay of bodily strength, put forth without stint
his unequalled powers of thought and analysis,
until nature well-nigh sunk under the imposition.
His intellect preserved its vigor, while liis body
was sinking to decay. The menstruum retained
all its powers of solution, while the frail cruci-
ble which contained it was crumbling to atoms.
During his late illness, which, with a short inter-
mission, has continued since the commencement
of this session of Congress, there was no abate-
ment of his intellectual labors. They were di-
rected as well to the momentous questions now
agitating the public mind, as to the eompleiion of
a work which embodies his thoughts on the sub-
ject of government in general, and our own Con-
stitution in particular—thus distinguishing his last
days by the greatest effort of his mind, and be-
queathing it as his richest legacy to posterity.
Cheerful in a sick chamber, none of the gloom
which usually attends the progress of disease an-
noyed him; severe in ascertaining the truth of
conclusions, because unwilling to be deceived him-
self, he scorned to deceive others: skillful in ap-
preciating the past, and impartial in his judgment
of the present, he looked to the future as depend-
ent on existing causes, «ind fearlessly gave utter- j
ance to his opinions of its nature and character; !
the philosopher and the statesman, he discarded
expedients by which men " construe the times to
their necessities." He loved the truth, for the
truth's sake, and believed that to temporize, is but
to increase the evil which we seek to remove. The
approach of death brought no indications of impa-
tience—no cloud upon his intellect. To a friend,
who spoke of the time and manner in which it
was best to meet death, he remarked, " I have but
little concern about either j I desire to die in the dis-
charge of my duly; I have an unshaken reliance upon
the providence of God."
I saw him for days after his last appearance in
the Senate chamber, gradually sinking under the
power of his malady, without one murmur at his
affliction, always anxious for the interest of his
country, deeply absorbed in the great question
which agitates the public mind, and earnestly de-
siring its honorable adjustment, unchanged in the
opinions which he had held and uttered for many
years, the ardent friend of the Union, and the Con-
stitution, and seeking the,, perpetuity of our insti-
tutions, by inculcating the practice of justice, and
the duties of patriotism.
Aggravated 'symptoms, on the day before his
death, gave notice of his approaching end. I left
him late at night, with but faint hopes of amend-
ment; and on being summoned early the next
morning, I found him sinking in the cold embrace
of death. Calm, collected, and conscious of his
situation, but without any symptom of alarm—his
face beaming with intelligence, without one indi-
cation of suffering or of pam. 1 watched his
countenance, and the lustre of that bright eye
remained unchanged, until the silver cord was
broken, and then it went out in instantaneous
eclipse. When I removed my hand from closing
his eyes, he seemed as one who had fallen into a
sweet and refreshing slumber. Thus, sir, closed
thedays of John Caldwell Calhoun, the illustri-
ous American statesman. liis life and services shall
speak of the greatness of by-gone days with un-
dying testimony. Another jewel has fallen from
our crown; an inscrutable Providence has removed
from among us one of the great lights of the
age; but it is not extinguished. From a height,
to which the shafts of malice or the darts of de-
traction never reach, to which envy cannot crawl,
or jealousy approach, it will shine brighter and
more gloriously, sending its rays over a more
extended horizon, and blessing mankind by its
illumination. The friend of constitutional liberty
will go to his writings for truth, and to his life for
a model. We, too, should be instructed by his
experience, while his presages for the future
should infuse caution into our counsels, and pru-
dencc into our actions. His voice, now no more
heard in the Senate, will speak most potentially
from the grave. Personal opposition has died
with his death. The aspiring cannot fear him,
nor the ambitious dread his elevation. His life
has become history, and his thoughts the property
of his countrymen.
Sir, while we weep over his grave, let us be
consoled by the assurance that "honor decks the
turf that wraps his clay." He was our own, and
his fame is also ours. Let us imitate his great
example,-in pieferring truth and duty to the appio-
bation of men, or the triumphs of paity. Be
willing to stand alone for the right, nor suilender
independence for any inducement. He was brought
up 111 the society of the men of the Revolution,
saw the work of our Constitution since its
formation, was profoundly skilled in constiuing its
meaning, and sought by his wisdom and integrity
to give permanency to the Government which l't
created. If such high purposes be ours, then our
sun, like his, will go down serenely, and we shall
have secured " a peace above all other dignities—
a calm and quiet conscience."
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the iesolulions;
Which were unanimously agreed to,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. KOCKW ELL: The petition ot Limn Caflm and
126 others, citizens o! New iVluiboiougii,
ior ihe establishment ot a uimomi rate of pu-tai^ of out'
Cent on new>j>;ijK*r-} and two ctnw on prepaid le tors of
half an ounce weight, and for other corresponds;/ iyroi
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Josioh C. White nnd
