iW
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 30,
no time now to discuss these grave principles,
lie hoped the House would adopt the amendment,
and make the writ of the Speaker returnable on
the second Monday of December next.
tie had intended to call for the previous ques-
tion, but as other members of the committee de-
sired to speak, he would waive his indention.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he had
signed certain bills. J
Mr. SCHENCK having concluded—
A struggle for the floor ensued—in which
Mr. MEADE was the successful contestant.
He yielded for a moment to
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, who vindicated
Mr. Ritchie from the charge which he said had
been made by Mr. Schenck, that that gentleman
(Mr. R.) had been guilty of discourtesy to the
committee and to the House; and said ^hat Mr.
Ritchie had conducted with perfect respect to the
committee and the House. A question was pro-
pounded to him, and he replied, " I respectfully
decline to answer." No more was said on that
point; the examination proceeded, and the com-
mittee did not indicate to Mr. Ritchie that they
were not perfectly satisfied.
Mr. MEADE, (resuming,} said: Instead of oc-
cupying themselves with an investigation into the
conduct of the editor of the Union and of others,
with whom the House had no connection, it
would become them to look a little into their own
conduct in reference to this inquiry. He would
call the attention of the House to the terms of the
resolution as adopted, he believed, by a large ma-
jority of the House. Among this majority were
a large portion of the Democratic party. He did
not know whether he was one of the number; if
he was, he had voted without investigating the
subject, and simply with the view of enabling the
Whig side of the House to institute as many in-
quiries as they thought proper in reference to the
Democratic officers under the last Administration.
He wished gentlemen to turn their attention se-
riously to the point, whether this House had un-
limited power to institute any inquiry they thought
proper—whether they could erect themselves into
an inquisitorial body for the purpose of searching
into the private transactions of the citizen—whether
they could, by a committee, visit the private domi-
cil of the citizen and ask inquiries at their pleasure
and compel them to answer—whether they had
jurisdiction over the subject-matter of these inqui-
ries or not. He continued this strain of remark
at some length—denying the juiisdiction of the
committee and of the House over the subject-mat-
ter of the inquiries for which the committee was
raised, justifying Mr. Ritchie in his refusal to an-
swer, and denying the right of the House to take
into custody or imprison the parties so refusing to
answer. "
[The remarks of the Mr. M. will be published in
the Appe idix )
Mr. CARi'TER next obtained the floor, and
moved the following substitute for the resolution:
" Resoteei, That the subject he recommitted to the com-
inittee, with inshuef.ons to proc«'f>d by ihe ordinary process
of investigation to the discharge of their important duties. 
It occurred to him, he said, that the time of the
House had been consumed long enough with this
matter; he desired to get rid of the whole subject.
He thought the_shortest way of accomplishing
this object would be in the mode he had proposed—
by throwing the whole matter bpck to the juris-
diction of the committee. He moved the previous
question.
Mr. DUER. In order to dispose of this ques-
tion, which, in my opinion, has occupied a wood
deal more time than its importance entitled iuo i
no^ m°ve to lay the whole subject on the table.'
m1*' demand the yeasand nays
Mr. STANLY. If the motion to lay on the
table prevails, will it give me the opportunity of
making a few remarks ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay on the
ta^e TLVie.subject wiH be disposed of.
Mr. M ANLY intimating a desire to be heard on
the subject—
Mr. DUER withdrew his motion, remarking
that he would leave the matter m the hands of the
committee.
The question recurred upon the second for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES said, he understood that the reso-
lution was offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina by unanimous consent, and that it was
not reported by him as chairman of the committee.
If that were the fact, the gentleman woald not be
entitled to make a concluding speech.
Mr. STANLY, (in his seat.) Let the previous
question be sustained, and then we will see.
The SPEAKER. If the opinion of the Chair
is desired before the previous question is second-
ed, he will give it.
Several Mkmbers: I desire it.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the report of the committee-is the subject before
the House-, for the resolution of the gentleman
from North Carolina was not received by general
consent, but it came legitimately before the House
as connected with the report.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will it be in order to
move to lay the resolution 011 the table ?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. SWEETSER. I make the motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my colleague to let
the previous question be seconded. This will enable
the gentleman from North Carolina to make some
remarks, which he can do after the second.
Mr. SWEETSER yielded to the appeal, and
withdrew his demand.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. STANLY rose and claimed the floor, hav-
ing made Ihe report under consideration.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if the morning hour
had expired?.
The SPEAKER replied, that it had not, but
five or six minutes of it remained. If, however,
there was no objection, the Chair would put the
question, Will the House proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table?
Objections were made.
Mr. STANLY. Then I must speak five min-
utes, I suppose.
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order, and in-
quired if this resolution had been reported by a
committee or not?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was not re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. JONES. Then I inquire of rtis ChaJr,
under what rule or practice of the House it is that
a member has the right to speak after the previous
question has been sustained ?
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Tennessee as submitting the
point of order, that, the gentleman from jforth
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] who made this repprt, is
not entitled under the rule to address the House in
conclusion ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, if it is nc-t the report of a
committee. The rule allows to gentlemen who
make reports the right of addressing the House in
conclusion,as I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is correct. The rule provides that the
member reponmg a measure shall be entitled to
One hour m conclusion. The gentleman from
JNorth Carolina makes a report from the select
committee, which report is the subject of consid-
I eration In connection with that report, growing
out of that reporr, he offers a resolution for the
consideration of the House. That resolution was
not entertained by unanimous consent, but it was
entertained as legitimately connected with the re-
port. Ihe Chair holds, that upon the previous
question uemg moved and sustained, though it did
not bring the House to a vote upon the report, it
brought them to a vote upon the questions grow-
ing out of the report, precisely the same as if the
resolution had been reported by the committee
and amendments had been offered by a member
and were pending. The right of the gentleman
rests upon dje report.
Mr. JONES. Wc.„
connection withthe report ? Is it an amendment
Well, has this resolution any
,u. „■ --—-he report? Is it an amendment
to he report. If u ,s a report of the committee,
or if it s an amendment to the report, then, cer-
amly the gentleman from JVorth Carolina would
be entitled to address the committee in conclusion
according to my understanding of the rules. But
if it is neither a report, nor an amendment to the
Oh °ir !,fflCann0tu00nee,IVe upon what ground the
North r/T 6 "£ht °f the gentleman from
h 10 the fl°°r> after the Previous
question has been moved.
This resolution would not
nave been entertained by the Chair, or by the
House, had it not been directly connected with the
report. It was entertained by virttie of its eoartes-
tion with the report,and not by unanimous consent.
[Mr. ASHE made a report fiom the Committee
on Enrolled Bills.]
Mr. BAYLY, i want to ascertain a feet aboul
this point of order. 1 understood this mornm^
from my colleague, who is a member of the com-
mittee, that the committee did not authorixe the
1 report of this resolution——
1 Mr. STANLY, (in his seat.) Nobody said
they did.-
Mr. BAYLY (continuing) that it is a merer
private resolution of the gentleman- from North
Carolina, offered " on his own hook," (if I may
use the expression,). 
The SPEAKER. The Chair haa made his de-
cision upon the point of order, upon that state-
ment of facts being acknowledged. It is not con-
tended by any one that the resolution was reported
by the committee, but it is known to all that it was
offered by the gentleman from Nsrth Carolina
.who was entitled to offer it in consequence of the
report being before the House for its considera-
tion.
Mr. GOTT. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER, it has now expired.
Mr. GOTT. i move that the House proceed Co
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion of Mr, Gott being agreed to—
TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
Senate bill respecting the boundary of Texas, and
of the amondme'nts pending thereto.
Mr. CLARKE wss entitled to ihe fioor, and
addressed the House during the allotted hour, in
reply to Mr. Brooks and Mr. Hilliard, and,
generally, in opposition to the bill under consider-
ation. He kept the House in excellent humor,
and when the hour was out there was a demand
that he should be allowed to- proceed. He took
his seat, h-owefer, and the motion was not put.
[The speech will be published in the Appendix.!
Mr, GORMAN then obtained the floor, andy
declining to yield for a motion to adjourn, proceed-
ed to address the House for an hour. lie defended
ue ^exas the territory claimed by hep.
He believed that every foot of ground 00 the east
side of the Rio Grande, up to the 42J parallel of
north latitude, rightfully belonged to her; that if
her title had been questionable before She Mcxican
war—a fact which he would not now inquire
into—it was no longer so, and that this Govern-
ment stood committed to maintain her right to the
whole of it. He adverted to the recommendation
contained in the message of the President to settle
the question of boundary. Of that recommenda-
tion he heartily approved, and declared that he
was ready to aid in its settlement. Indeed, he was
one ot those, he said, who ha-d been from the
commencement of the session anxious for the set
tlement of all those questions which distract the
country, in order to restore peace and harmony,
and was ready to make all needful sacrifices to
accomplish that purpose, for he loved his country
more than he loved any part of it. He animad-
verted severely on the course taken by northern
and southern disunionists as exhibited in the vote
which had been taken on this hill
He denounced the Wihnot proviso as a measure
I conceived in sin arid bom in iniquity; it had been
| productive of nothing butmischief. He stood upon
I the doctrine that the people were capable of self-
; government everywhere, and consequently held all
I such measures of legislation as the Wilmot pro-
viso to be anti-republican in spirit and in fact. It
involved a principle that would not be sustained
by the American people. He concluded by appeal-
ing to the friends of good order and good govern-
ment, to come forward and settle this question at
once, and thus commend themselves to the appro-
val of the whole country.
A full report of the honorable gentleman's re-
marks will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. G. having concluded—
Mr. DANIEL obtained the fioor, but yielded to
amotion that the House adjourn.
The motion was waived for a motion that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. 1
The motion was rejected.
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
