1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
otlieis, citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress that no State be hereafter admitted into the Union,
unless the constitution of said State sliali expressly prohibit
the existence of slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition ol Henry Pearson and 208 others, citi-
zens of the same county, praying Congress to repeal all
laws, or parts of laws, adopted or cnacted by Congress, by
which slavery Of the slave-trade is authorized or sanctioned
in the city of Washington, or the District of Columbia, and
that in the event of their non-repeal, the seat of the Na-
tional Government may he removed to some more suitable
location.
\ Also, the petition of John Reynolds and 225 other?, citi-
zens of the same county, praying Congress to provide by
Jaw, that whenever a person shall be arrested as a fugitive
slave, in any State other than that in which he is alleged to
beheld to service, he shall not be delivered to the claimant
or his agent, except on the finding of a jury that he is the
slave of the claimant.
Also, the petitnn of William H. Shaw and 329 others,
citizens of the same county and State, praying Congress to
expressly prohibit, by law, slavery and thp slave-trade, in all
the territories of the United States.
By Mr. SWtiliTSER: The memorial ot Jeremiah Ras-
kins, ot Dclawate county, Ohio, fur compensation for looses
sustained in the war of 1812.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The petition of citizens of
Chicago, tor two cent postage.
Also, the petiti >n of citizens of McLean county, Illinois,
for a mail-route fiom Bloomington, via Kickapoo and Old
Town Timber, to Ohevey's Grove.
By Mr. HUNTER : The petition of J. M. Holmes and 53
others, citizens of Harrison county, Ohio, asking for a re-
duction of postage.
AKo, the petition of Asa Branson and 52 others, citizens
ot Belmont county, Ohio, in favor of cheap postage.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Hoyle and 50 others, citi-
zens of Belmont county, Ohio, in favor ot cheap postage.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the following
memorials of the General Assembly of the State of Arkan-
sas; which were referred respectively as follows, to wit:
Piavirig for the establishment of a national high road from
Fort Smith, via Santa to Cahfoj ma ;
Praying five sections of public land, to be appropriated for
the erection of an institute for the blind, to be called the
Clarkesville Institute ;
Piaying appropnaiion of one tenth of the public land-* in
Arkansas; abo, license to locate the five percent, fund in
lands, torpiup'>ses of education and internal nnpioveme'its;
also, the graduation and reduction of the price of public
land-:;
Praying permission to locate other sections in lieu of val-
ueless sixteenths, or school sections;
Pia.vmg for the repair and completion of forts on the
western frontier of Arkansas;
Praying Congress to establish a port of entry at Little
Rook;
Praying the establishment of a mail-route from Napoleon,
via White river, to Rock river, ther.ce to Elizabeth, thence
to Batesville, by steamboats.
Also, the memorial of F. G. Ake, A. A. Scott, and 30
others, praying the establishment of a mail-route fiom Little
Hock to Fort Smith, on the south side of the Arkansas
river.
Also, the memorial of John D. Barker, E. .1. Woolage,
and 44 others, for the same.
Also,the memorial of George Jeffries, 11. L. Biscoe. and
others, praying for additional compensation for land officers.
Also, the memorial of Alexander Ray, guardian of the
children ofT. W. Ross, praying for relief.
Also, the memorial o( H. Smith and others, for additional
compensation to land officers.
Also, the memorial of James W. Fmley and others, pray-
ing relief in regard to Bowie land claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jiprll 1, 1850.
On the motion of Mr. KING, the reading of the
Journal of Thursday was dispensed with.
death of mr. calhoun.
Mr. BUTLER rose and said:
Mr. President: I rise to discharge a mournful
duty, and one which involves in it considerations
weli calculated to arrest the attention of this body.
It is, to announce the death of my late colleague,
the Hon. John Caldwell Calhoun. He died at
liis lodgings in this city, on yesterday morning, at
half-past seven o'clock. He was conscious ot his
approaching end, and met death with fortitude and
uncommon serenity. He had many admonitions
of its approach, and without doubt he had not
been indifferent to them. With his usual aversion
to profession, he said little for effect on the world,
find his last hours were an exemplification of his
life and character, truth and simplicity.
Mr. Calhoun, for some years past, had been
suffering under a pulmonary complaint, and under
its effects could not have reckoned on a long exist
ence. Such was his own conviction. The imme-
diate cause of his death was an affection of the
heart. A few hours before he expired, he became
sensible of his situation; and when he was unable
to sneak, his eye and look evinced recognition and
intelligence of wnat was passing. One of the last
directions he gave was to a dutiful eon, who had
been attending him, to put away some manuscripts
which had been written a short time before, under
his dictation.
Mr. Calhoun wag the least despondent man I
ever knew; and he had, in an eminent degree, the
self-sustaining power of intellect. His last days,
and his last remarks, are exemplifications of what
I have just said. Mental determination sustained
him, when all others were in despair. We saw
him, a few days ago, in the seat near me, which
he so long occupied; we saw the struggle of a
great mind exerting itself to sustain and overcome
the weakness and infirmities of a sinking bodyv
It was the exhibition of a wounded eagle, with his
eyes turned to the heavens in which he had soared,
but into which his wings could never carry him
again.
Mr. President, Mr. Calhoun has lived in an
eventful period of our Republic, and has acted a
distinguished part. Isuiely do not venture too
much when I say that his reputation forms a
striking part of a glorious history. Since 1811
until this tune, he has been responsibly connected
with the Federal Government. As Representa-
tive, Senator, Cabinet Minister, and Vice Presi-
dent, he has been identified with the greatest
events in the political history of our country.
And I hope I may be permitted to say that he has
been equal to all the duties which were devolved
upon him in the many critical junctures in which
he was placed. Having to act a responsible part,
he always acted a decided part, it would not
become me to venture upon the judgment which
awaits his memory. That will be formed by pos-
terity before the impartial tribunal of history. It
may be that he will have had the fate, and will
have given to him the judgment that has been
awarded to Chatham.
1 should do the memory of my friend injustice
were I not to speak of his life in the spirit of his-
tory. The dignity of his whole character would
rebuke any tone of remark which truth and judg-
ment would not sanction.
Mr. Calhoun was a native of South Carolina,
and was born in Abbeville district, on the 18th
March, 1782. He was of an Irish family. His
father, Patrick Calhoun, was born in Ireland, and
at an early age came to Pennsylvania, thence
moved to the western part of Virginia, and after
Braddock's defeat moved to South Carolina, in
1756. He and his family gave a name to what is
known as the Calhoun settlement m Abbeville
district. The mother of my colleague was a Miss
Caldwell, born in Charlotte county, Virginia.
The character of his parents had no doubt a sen-
sible influence on the destiny of their distinguished
son. His father had energy and enterprise, com-
bined with perseverance and great mental determi-
nation. His mother belonged to a family of revo-
lutionary heroes. Two of her brothers were dis-
tinguished in the Revolution. Their names and
achievements are not left to tradition, but consti-
tute a part of the history of the times.
Mr. Calhoun was born in the Revolution, and
in his childhood felt the influence of its exciting
traditions. He derived from the paternal stock,
intellect and self-reliance, and from the Caldwell's
enthusiasm and impulse. The traditions of the
Revolution had a sensible influence on his temper
and character.
Mr. Calhoun in his childhood had but limited
advantages of what is termed a literary tuition.
His parents lived in a newly-settled country, and
among a sparse population. This population had
but a slight connection with the lower country of
South Carolina, and were sustained by emigrants
from Virginia and Pennsylvania. There was of
course but limited means of instruction to children.
They imbibed most of their lessons from the con-
versation of their parents. Mr. Calhoun has
always expressed himself deeply sensible of that
influence. At the age of thirteen he was put under
the charge of his brother-in-law, Dr. Waddel, in
Columbia county, Georgia. Scarcely had he com-
menced his literary course before his father and
sister died. His brother-in-law, Dr. Waddel, de-
voted himself about this time to his clerical duties,
and was a great deal absent from home.
On his second marriage he resumed the duties of
his academy; and in his nineteenth year Mr. Cal-
houn put himself under the charge of this distin-
guished teacher. It must not be supposed that
his mind before this had been unemployed. He
had availed himself of the advantages of a small
library, and had been deeply mspiied by his read-
ing of history. It was under such influences that
he entered the academy of his preceptor. His
progress was rapid. He looked forward to a
higher arena with eagerness and purpose.
He became a student in Yale College in 1802,
and graduated two years afterwards with distinc-
tion—as a young man of great ability, and with
the respect and confidence of his preceptors and
fellows. What they have said and thoaghtofhim
would have given any man a high reputation.' It
is the pure fountain of a clear reputation. If the
stream has met with obstructions, they were such
as have only shown its beauty and majesty.
After he had graduated, Mr. Calhoun studied
law, and for a few years practised in the courts of
South Carolina, with a reputation that has de-
scended to the profession. He was then remark-
able for some traits that have since characterized
him. He was clear in his propositions, and can-
did in his intercourse with his brethren. The
truth and justice of the law inculcated themselves
on his mind, and when armed with these, he was
a great advocate.
His forensic career was, however, too limited
to make a prominent part in the history of his life.
He served for some years in the Legislature of his
native State; and his great mind made an impres-
sion on her statutes, some of which have had a
great practical operation on the concerns of so-
ciety. From the Legislature of his own State he
was transferred to Congress; and from this time
his career has been a part of the history of the
Federal Government.
Mr. Calhoun came into Congress at a time of
deep and exciting interest—at a crisis of great
magnitude. It was a crisis of peril to those who
had to act in it, but of subsequent glory to the
actors and the common history of the country.
The invincibility of Great Britain had become a
proverbial expression, and a war with her was
full of terrific issues. Mr. Calhoun found him-
self at once in a situation of high responsibility—
one that required more than speaking qualities
and eloquence to fulfill it. The spirit of the peo-
ple required direction; the energy and ardor of
youth were to be employed in affairs requiring the
maturer qualities of a statesman. The part which
j- Mr. Calhoun acted at this time has been approved
m and applauded by contemporaries, and now forms
j'j a part of the glorious history of those times.
The names of Clay, Calhoun, Chevks, and
Lowndes, Grundy, Porter, and others, carried
associations with them that reached the heart of
the nation. Their clarion note3 penetrated the
army; they animated the people, and sustained
the Administration of the Government. With
such actors, and in such scenes—the most eventful
«f our history—to say that Mr. Calhoun did not
play a second part, is no common praise. In de-
\ bate he'was equal with Randolph, and in council
| he commanded the respect and confidence of Mad-
ison. At this period of his life he had the quality
i of Themistocles—to inspire confide,nee—which,
after all, is the highest of earthly qualities: it is
a mystical something which is felt, but cannot be
described. The events of the war were brilliant
and honorable to both statesmen and soldiers, and
their history may be read with enthusiasm and
delight. The war terminated with honor; but the
measures which had to be taken, in a transition to
a peace establishment, were full of difficulty and
embarrassment. Mr. Calhoun, with his usual
| intrepidity, did not hesitate to take a responsible
| part. Under the influence of a broad patriotism,
; he acted with an uncalculatmg liberality to all the
| interests that were involved, and which were
!', brought under review of Congress. His personal
;! adversary at this time, in his admiration for his
j genius, paid Mr. Calhoun a beautiful compliment
for his noble and national sentiments.
!! At the termination of Mr. Madison *3 adminis-
^ tration, Mr. Calhoun had acquired a commanding
]; reputation; he was regarded as one of the sages
i: of the Republic. In 1817 Mr. Monroe invited him
i! to a place in his-Cabinet; Mr. Calhoun's friends
ij doubted the propriety of his accepting it, and some
j! of them thought he would put a high reputation
| at hazard in this new sphere of action. Perhaps
' these suggestions fired his high and gifted intellect;
| he accepted the place, and went into the War De-
i partment, under circumstances that might have
, appalled other men. His success has been ac-
! knowledged; what was complex and confused, he
reduced to simplicity and order. His organiza-
tion of the War Department, and his administra-
tion of its undefined duties, have made the impres-
