1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 30,
its value and to realize it. The Government is
the great landholder, and such an improvement as
this cannot take place, without enhancing the value
of the property, and returning many times the
value of the tract required for the expenditure.^
The Senator from Georgia made another objec-
tion to this bill, the point of which, I must confess,
1 do not comprehend. He sees in it an improper
interference with State authority, because we re-
quire the Slate of Michigan to keep and render to
the United States an account of the product and
application of this fund. Mr. President, I see no
such interference. We make an offer to Michi-
gan which she is fully competent to accept or re-
ject. We say, here are 500,000 acres of land
which we are willing to convey to you, provided
you will apply them to a canal around the Falls of
St. Mary, and render a statement, from time to
time, of its proceeds; and, as soon as you reim-
burse your own advances, if you have made any,
the canal is to become free to all the citizens of
the United States, with the exception of such tolls
as may be necessary to keep the canal in repair
and operation. Now, sir, if this offer is accepted,
it becomes a mutual arrangement, imposing noth-
ing upon the State but what she imposes upon her-
self, and common in principle to all similar grants.
This proposition, therefore, brings up no question
of jurisdiction respecting internal improvements,
but the right only of the General Government to
apply a portion of the public land to raise the value
of the remainder.
When this subject was before the Senate, some
days since, I alluded to the importance of this
communication in a military point of view, and I
will now add, that at one time during our difficul-
ties with England, growing out of the Oregon
controversy, it was within the contemplation of
the Secretary of the Navy to recommend to Con-
gress, in consequence of a resolution from the
Senate, the construction of this canal as a means
of defence. The project was not pursued, in con-
sequence of the amicable adjustment of the dispute.
}ri the event of future difficulties with the same
Power, unless this work is done, we must have a
military marine for Lake Superior and another for
the lakes below, and thus a double armament,
with all its hazards and expense; a small portion
of the cost of which would unite these internal
seas forever.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, my views in
relation to this question have not been changed by
the argument of the Senator from Michigan. He
says this is no internal improvement on the part
of the General Government. 1 should like to
know the difference between appropriating mon-
ey and appropriating land, on the part of the
General Government, to construct the canal ?
There can be none. And this canal is to be con-
structed entirely by the funds of the United States,
not for the United States, but for the State of
Michigan. It is to be done by the State of Michi-
gan.
The Senator says that the principle upon which
this appropriation of the public lands is to be made
is to raise the value of the lands contiguous
to those to be appropriated. Now, this canal is
to be three quarters of a mile in length, and
500,000 acres of land are to be conveyed to the
State of Michigan for its construction. Now, to
what extent, how many miles right and left, will
this 500,000 acres of land go ? Why, it will take
up at least a dozen miles on either side of the
canal, and the other public lands will not thereby
be advanced in value.
I am opposed to making this appropriation upon
two grounds- The first is, that we have no right to
appropriate to any individual State the public lands
which belong to all the States, for the benefit of
the individual State alone. Besides, the principle
upon which we have heretofore justified the taking
of the public lands was, that by taking alternate
sections we would thereby increase the value of
the remainder equal to the value of the whole be-
fore the improvement was made. That reasoning
does not exist here. Then the principle upon
which we have heretofore appropriated the public
lands falls, and we are left without any principle
upon which we heretofore acted, to vindicate this
appropriation.
There is not a State in the Union that would not
take 500,000 acres of the public land, and con-
struct a work of internal improvement—whether a
canal or a railway. There is the Stats of Florida.
If an appropriation of the public lands were made
to her, a canal might be constructed to avoid that I
dangerous cape—one of the most dangerous on j
our coast. I repeat, this is partial legislation upon j
the subject of internal improvements. And I am !
constrained to vote against it, unless we adopt a
general plan and make a general appropriation of
the proceeds of the public lands for the purpose
throughout the United States.
I have been satisfied since the commencement
of this session that the public lands of the
country are all to be taken away by appropriations
of this kind, and the old States are to be deprived
of any advantage whatever arising out of the sales
of the public lands. Hence it is that I have an-
nounced before that the better plan would be to di-
vide the proceeds of the public lands among the
States. Then all of us can come forward and get
our proper share. But if we suffer ourselves to go
on from year to year, appropriating to the new
States these large numbers of acres, the consequence
will be that there will scarcely be enough land left
to pay the expenses of our land system.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I wish to say but a
few words; and I do not mean to trouble the Senate
again on this subject. I will merely remind the
honorable Senator from Georgia that on the gen-
eral subject of internal improvements, the first
question, with respect to the action of the General
Government, is the question of jurisdiction. When
the General Government undertakes to make a
roadvYunning through a State, by its own author-
ity, that brings up a very serious question, respect-
ing which there are many doubters and disbeliev-
ers. But when the General Government piovides
means out of its lands to improve the residue, and j!
proposes to a S*ate to do the work, the subject as- j.
sumes a very different aspect, and there is no ques- I;
tion of conflicting jurisdiction. |
From the days of General Washington, from m
1796, when the road was first run from Wheel-ng ;
to Limestone—the history of which no man knows
better than the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay]—when that road was run by the
United States, and paid for by three tracts of land
granted to Ebenezer Zanes, one where Zanesville
now is, another where Lancaster is, and another
opposite Chillic&the—from that day to this, the
United States, under the principle of its duty as a
great land owner, have considered that they have
a right to dispose of these lands for the purpose of
increasing the value of other portions of them. It
is not only constitutional, but it is just, it is right,
it is liberal, just. It is just, for the Government
should not sit still and hold on to their lands, and
yet perform none of the great functions of a land
owner. They should not see their land improved
by the progress of settlement, by the industry and
by the capital of their citizens, and remain inactive;
expecting their property to be improved without
their cooperation. Should the forest be cleared
and roads established, towns built, all the great
improvements take place that give value to a new
country—should all this be done by individuals,
by the purchasers of the land, and the great land
holder sit still and reap the benefit in the apprecia- !
tion of immense domain, whose administration is ;
committed to us?
But the honorable Senator compares this canal to I
one across the peninsula of Florida, and says that |
! we can as well make the one as the other, v Now, j
sir, I appreciate the immense importance of a ]
communication which would avoid the dangerous j
navigation around the point of Florida, but that
subject is not before us, and it involves considera- ,
tions not applicable to this proposition. We do j
not own the land for hundreds of miles along the
coast stretching from each extremity of the pro-
posed communication,and which, if wedid, might
render our cooperation proper, with a view to the
enhanced value it would give to our property, and
especially if there were no other means of reach-
ingour domain but through impediments which
added greatly to the other expenses. The cases
afford no parallel in the mere discharge of our duty
as a landholder.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish to un-
derstand the import of this bill and of the amend-
ment, before I give any vote one way or the other.
If I understand this bill, it proposes to give five
hundred thousand acres of land to Michigan, with
an obligation upon her that she will use the money
arising from the sale of that land to construct a
canal, about a mile in length, I suppose, around
the falls of Lake Superior into the river. That is
the bill, as I understand it. Then, the amend-
ment, as I understand it, is of this import: That
Michigan shall have the power, until she reim-
burses" herself for all the expenses of the canal, to
impose such tolls as she may think proper; but
when she shall have been reimbursed for the ex-
penses of the canal, then there is a condition that
she shall resort to no more than such moderate
tolls as will keep up the canal. I suppose that is
the proposition. Michigan is to hare unlimited
power in imposing taxes on all \tfho pass through
the canal until she is reimbursed for all its ex-
penses.
Now, I am not acute enough to recognize the
distinction laid down so confidently by the gentle-
man from Michigan. He says that he cannot con-
stitutionally consent that the United States shall
undertake any general system of internal improve-
ments for all the States, or for a number of States-,
or for one State. He is opposed to the United
States having jurisdiction of the works which may
be built up or improved by their money. But he
is reconciled to the policy of the bill, by saying
that the United States may appropriate as much
money as they please, (land being regarded as a
substitute for money;) may appropriate pay fifty
millions of dollars to Michigan, and let Michigan
cut the canal. But if the United States were u>
appoint commissioners to cut the canal for their
own usp, or for the use of their citizens generally,
it would be at oncc repugnant to his notions of the
Constitution. Well, f may be permitted to say,
that of these systems of improvement, 1 woulrf
prefer that which should be carried on by the
United States, provided the system was to be ef-
fected by their money.
If, sir, we appropriate money for internal im-
provements, especially when they run through our
own lands, I cannot see Why we should not pre-
serve our jurisdiction over them for the benefit of
the United States, to impose such tolls as we may
think proper, without delegating to a State the
power to impose tolls ad libitum, for a time, and
then restrict it to a discretion afterwards. It has
been said that there is a very large class of poli-
ticians opposed to an appropriation of the public
funds for a system of internal improvements.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable gentleman*
allow me to say one word? I have not said that
the General Government might appropriate money
for these objects. I have put this^quesEion exclu-
sively upon that power in the Constitution which
gives us authority to dispose of the publicdomain.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator is willing to give
away the public lands out of which money is re-
alized for internal improvements. But if it was
proposed to take money out of the Treasury for
that purpose, I suppose he would object to it.
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) I will think of thaS
when it comes.
Mr. BUTLER. The position of the Senator,
then, is this: So long as there is land out of which
money can be realized, he is reconciled to vote to
give it away to Michigan or any other State.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that the work
which is contemplated by the provisions of this
bill, from the representations we have heard, may
be of very general utility. But my difficulty is
that we ought not to appropriate money. I sup-
pose that the value of the land proposed to be ap-
propriated will amount to one or two millions of
dollars.
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) Oh, no; not the half
of it.
Mr. BUTLER. Why, this bill appropriates
five hundred thousand acres of land, and, I take itt
good land; for I have no doubt that the best land
will be selected. The best land in Michigan would
certainly be worth two dollars per acre. That
would amount to a million of dollars. Now, sir,
snch a proposition, so far as I know, has never
been contained in a single bill that has passed this
body.
I know that it is useless for me to raise up ob-
jections of this kind. We departed from the strict
principles of the Constitution the moment we
allowed one State to take our money for the
improvements which it had undertaken. We have
no limitation. We give the jurisdiction of this
work up to Michigan the moment it is finished,
and we furnish the money to finish it. We aban-
don all jurisdiction, and give it up to a single State.
But the gentleman says this is not appropriating
