624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1.
sion of an author, having the interest of originality
and the sanction of trial.
To applicants for office Mr. Calhoun made few
promises, and hence he was not accused of de-
lusion and deception. When a public trust was
involved, he would not compromise with duplicity
or temporary expediency.
At the expiration of Mr. Monroe's administra-
tion, Mr. Calhoun's name became connected with
the Presidency; and from that time to his death
he had to share the fate of all others who occupy
prominent situations.
The remarkable canvass for the President to
succeed Mr. Monroe, terminated in returning
three distinguished men to the House of Repre-
sentatives, from whom one was to be elected.
Mr. Calhoun was elected Vice President by a
large majority. He took his seat in the Senate,
as Vice President, on the 4th of March, 1825,
having remained in the War Department over
seven years.
While he was Vice President be was placed in
some of the most trying scenes of any man's life.
1 do not now choose to refer to anything that can
have the elements of controversy; but I hope I
may be permitted to speak of my friend and col-
league in a character in which all will join in pay-
ing him sincere respect. As a presiding officer of
this body he had the undivided respect of its
members. He was punctual, methodical, and
accurate, and had a high regard for the dignity of
the Senate, which, as a presiding officer, he en-
deavored to preserve and maintain. He looked
upon debate as an honorable contest of intellect
for truth. Such a strife has its incidents and its
trials; but Mr. Calhoun had, in an eminent de-
gree, a regard for parliamentary dignity and pro-
priety.
Upon General Hayne's leaving the Senate to
become Governor of South Carolina, Mr. Cal-
houn resigned the Vice Presidency, and was
elected in his place. All will now agree that such
a position was environed with difficulties and dan-
gers. His own State was under the ban, and he
was in the national Senate to do her justice under
his constitutional obligations. That part of his
life posterity will review, and will do justice to it.
After his senatorial term had expired, he went
into retirement by his own consent. The death of
Mr. Upshur—so full of melancholy association—
made a vacancy in the State Department; and it
was by the common consent of all parties that Mr.
Calhoun was called to fill it. This was a tribute
of which any public man might well be proud. It
was a tribute to truth, ability, and experience.
Under Mr. Calhoun's counsels, Texas was
brought into the Union. His name is associated
with one of the most remarkable events of Ins-
tory—that of one Republic being annexed to an-
other by the voluntary consent of both. Mr.
Calhoun was but the agent to bring about this
frateinal association. It is a conjunction under
the sanction of his name, and by an influence ex-
erted through his great and intrepid mind. Mr.
Calhoun's connection with the Executive depart-
ment of the Government terminated with Mr.
Tyler's administration. As a Secretary of State,
he won the confidence and respect of foreign am-
bassadors, and his dispatches were characterized
by clearness, sagacity, and boldness.
He was not allowed to lemain m retirement long.
For the last five years he has been a member of
this body, and has been engaged in discussions
that have deeply excited and agitated the country,
rle has died amidst them. I had never had any
pai ticular association with Mr. Calhoun until i
became Ins colleague in this bodv. I had looked
on his fame as others had done, and had admired
his character, lheie are those here who know
moieot him than I do. 1 shall not pronounce
any such judgment as may be subject to a contro-
veisial criticism. But I will sayj as a matter of
justice, from my own personal knowledge, that I
never knew a fairer man in argument or a juster
man in purpose. His intensity allowed of little
compromise. W^hile he did not qualify his own
positions to suit the temper of the times, he appre-
ciated the unmasked propositions of others. As
a Senator, he commanded the respect of the ablest
men of the body of which he wasa member; and I
believe! may say, that where there was no political
bias to influence the judgment, he had the confi-
dence of his brethren. As a statesman, Mr. Cal-
houn s reputation belongs to the history of the I
country, and I commit it to his countrymen and
posterity.
In my opinion, Mr. Calhoun deserves to occupy
the first rank as a parliamentary speaker. He had
always before him the dignity of purpose, and he
spoke to an end. From a full mind he expressed
his ideas with clearness, simplicity, and force, and
in language that seemed to be the vehicle of his
thoughts and emotions. His thoughts leaped from
his mind, like arrows from a well-drawn bow.
They had both the aim and force of a skillful
archer. He seemed to have had little regard for
ornament; and when he used figures of speech,
they were only for illustration. His manner and
countenance were his best language; and in these
there was an exemplification of what is meant by
action in that term of the great Athenian orator and
statesman. They served to exhibit the moral ele-
vation of the man.
In speaking of Mr. Calhoun as a man and a
neighbor, I hope I may speak of him in a sphere
in which all will like to contemplate hirrK Whilst
he was a gentleman of striking deportment, he was
a man of primitive tastes and simple manners. He
had the hardy virtues and simple tastes of a repub-
lican citizen. No one disliked ostentation and
exhibition more than he did. When I say he was
a good neighbor, I imply more than I have ex-
pressed. It is summed up under the word justice.
1 will venture to say, that no one in his private
relations could ever say that Mr. Calhoun treated
him with injustice, or that he deceived him by
professions. His private character was- charac-
terized by a beautiful propriety, and was the ex-
emplification of truth, justice, temperance, and
fidelity to his engagements.
I will venture another remark: Mr. Calhoun
was fierce in his contests with political adversaries.
He did not stop in the fight to count losses or be-
stow favors. But he forgot resentments and for-
gave injuries inflicted by rivals with signal mag-
nanimity. Whilst he spoke fieely of their faults,
he could with justice appreciate the merits of all
the public men of whom I have heard.him speak.
He was sincerely attached to the institutions of
this country, and desired to preserve them pure
and make them perpetual.
In the death of Mr. Calhoun, one of the bright-
est luminaries has been extinguished from the
political' firmament. It is an event which will
produce a deep sensation throughout this broad
land.
I have forborne to speak of his domestic rela-
tions. They make a sacrcd circle, and 1 will not
invade it.
Mr. Butler then offered the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved unanimously, That a committee he appointed by
the Vice Pi oiiienr. to take older for supeiimending the
Mineral of Hie Hon. John Caldwell (Jauioun, wlucli will
take place to-inoriow, at b! o'clock meridian, and that the
Senate will attend the same.
Resolved unanimously, That the member* of the Senate,
from a sincere desire oi s'lowins every maik of respect due
to the memory of the Hon. Joii.v Caldwell Ualhoo.n, de-
ceased, late a member tlieieot, will go into mourning lor
him lor one month, by the usual mode of wearing crape oil
the left aim.
Rpsolvvd mianimoxtsly, That, as an additional mark of re-
spei t to the memory of the deceased, llie Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, prompted by my
own feelings of profound regret, and requested at
the same time by some highly esteemed friends, 1 1
wish, in rising to second the resolutions which have
been offered,and which have just been read, to add :
a few words to what has been so well and so justly j
said by the surviving colleague of the illustrious I
deceased. i
My personal acquaintance with him, Mr. Pres-
ident, commenced upwards of thirty-eight years
ago. We entered at the same time, together, the i
House of Representatives at the other end of' this I
building. The Congress of which we thus became ;
members was that amongst whose deliberations !
and acts was the declaration of war against the 1
most powerful nation, as it respects us, in the !
world. During the preliminary discussions which ■'
aiose in the preparation for that great event, as well
as during those which took place when the resolu-
tion was finally adopted, no member displayed a
more lively and patriotic sensibility to the wrongs
winch led to that momentous event than the de-
ceased whose death we all now so much deplore,
aver active, ardent, able, no one was in advance of
him in advocating the eause of his country, and
denouncing the foreign injustice which compelled
us to appeal to arms. Of all Congresses with
which I have had any acquaintance since my entry
into the service of the Federal Government, in none,
in my humble opinion, has been assembled such
a galaxy of eminent and able men as were in the
House of Representatives of that Congress which
declared the war, and in that immediately follow-
ing the peace; and amongst that splendid assem-
blage none shone more bright and brilliant than
the star which is now set.
It was my happiness, sir, during a large part of
the life of the departed, to concur with him on all
great questions of national policy. And, at a later
period, when it was my fortune to differ from him
as to measures of domestic policy, I had the hap-
piness to agree with him generally as to those
which concerned our foreign relations, and espe-
cially as to the preservation of the peace of the
country. During the Ions; session at which the war
was declared, we were messmates, as were other
distinguished members of Congress from his own
patriotic State. I was afforded, by the intercourse
which resulted from that fact, as well as the sub-
sequent intimacy and intercourse which arose
between us, an opportunity to form an estimate,
not merely of his public, but of his private life ; and
no man with whom 1 have ever been acquainted,
exceeded him in habits of temperance and reg-
ularity, and in all the freedom, frankness, and
affability of social intercourse, and in all the tender-
ness and respect and affection which he mani-
fested towards that lady who now mourns more
than any other the sad event which has just oc-
curred. Such, Mr. President, was the high esti-
mate I formed of his transcendent talents, that, if
at the end of his service in the executive depart-
ment under Mr. Monroe's administration, he had
been called to the highest office in the Govern-
ment, I should have felt perfectly assured that
under his auspices, the honor, the prosperity, and
the glory of our country would have been safely
placed.
Sir, he is gone I No more shall we witness
from yonder seat the flashes of that keen and
penetrating eye of his, darting through this cham-
ber. No more shall we behold that torrent of
clear, concise, compact logic, poured out from his
lips, which, if it did not always carry conviction
to our judgment, commanded our great admira-
tion. Those eyes and those lips are closed for-
ever !
And when, Mr. President, will that great va-
cancy which has been created by the event to
which we are now alluding, when will it be filled
by an equal amount of ability, patriotism, arid de-
votion, to what he conceived to be the best inter-
ests of his country ?
Sir, this is not the appropriate occasion, nor
would I be the appropriate person to attempt a
delineation of his character, or the powers of his
enlightened mind. I will only say, in a few words,
that he possessed an elevated genius of the highest
order; that in felicity of generalization of the sub-
jects of which his mind treated, I have seen him
surpassed by no one; and the charm and captiva-
ting influence of his colloquial powers have been
felt by all who have conversed with him. 1 was
his senior, Mr. President, in years—in nothing else.
According to the course of nature, I ought to have
preceded him. It has been decreed otherwise; but
I know that I shall linger here only a short time
and shall soon follow him.
And how brief, how short is the period of hu-
man existence allotted even to the youngest amongst
us! Sir, ought we not to profit by the contempla-
tion of this melancholy occasion ? Ought we not
to draw from it the conclusion how unwise it is to
indulge in the acerbity of unbridled debate? how
unwise to yield ourselves to the sway of the ani-
mosities of paity feeling ? how wrong it is to in-
dulge in those unhappy and hot strifes which too
often exasperate our feelings and mislead our judg-
ments in the discharge of the high and responsible
duties which we are called to perform ? flow un-
becoming, if not presumptuous, it is in us, who
are the tenants of an hour in this earthly abode,
to wrestle and struggle together with a violence
which would not be justifiable if it were our per-
petual home!
In conclusion, sir, while I beg leave to express
my cordial sympathies and sentiments of the deep-
est condolence toward all who stand m near rela-
tion to him, I trust we shall all be instructed by
