THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, B Y JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
the eminent virtues and merits of his exalted char-
acter, and be taught, by his bright example, to fulfill
our great public duties by the lights of our own
judgment and the dictates of our own consciences,
as he did, according to his honest and best con-
ceptions of those duties, faithfully, and to the last.
Mr. WEBSTER. I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me in adding a very few words to what lias
been said. My apology for this presumption is
the very long acquaintance which has subsisted
between Mr. Calhoun and myself. We are of the 1
sameage. I made my first entrance into the House
of Representatives in May 1813. I there found
Mr. Calhoun. He had already been a member of
that body for two or three years. I found him
then an active and efficient member of the assem-
bly to which he belonged, taking a decided part,
and exercising a decided influence, in all its delib-
erations.
From that day to the day of his death, amidst
all the strifes of party and politics, there has sub-
sisted between us, always, and without interrup-
tion, a great degree of personal kindness.
Differing widely on many great questions re-
specting our institutions and government of the
country, those differences never interrupted our
personal and social intercourse. I have been pres-
ent at most of the distinguished instances of the
exhibition of his talents in debate. I have always
heard him with pleasure, often with much in-
struction, not unfrequently with the highest degree
of admivation.
Mr. Calhoun was calculated to be a leader in
whatsoever association of political friends he was
thrown. He was a man of undoubted genius and
of commanding talent. All the country and all the
world admit that. His mind was both perceptive
and vigorous. It was clear, quick, and strong.
Sir, the eloquence of Mr. Calhoun, or the man-
ner of his exhibition of his sentiments in public
bodies, was part of his intellectual character. It
grew out of the qualities of his mind. It
was plain, strong, terse,- condensed, concise;
sometimes impassioned—still always severe. Re-
jecting ornament, not often seeking far for illus-
tration, his power consisted in the plainness of his
propositions, in the closeness of his logic, and in
the earnestness and energy of his manner. These
are the qualities, as I think, which have enabled
him through such a long course of years to speak
often, and yet always command attention. His
demeanor as a Senator is known to us all—is ap-
preciated, venerated by us all. No man was
more respectful* to others; no man carried himself
with greater decorum, no man with superior dig-
nity. I think there is not one of us but felt, when
he last addressed us from his seat in the Senate—
his form still erect, with a voice by no means in-
dicating such a degree of physical weakness as did
in fact po'ssess him, with clear tones, and an im-
pressive,and I may say,an imposing manner—who
did not feel that he might imagine that we saw be-
fore us a Senator of Rome, when Rome survived.
Sir, I have not, in public nor in private life,
known a more assiduous person in the discharge
of his appropriate duties. I have known no man
who wasted less of life in what is called recre-
ation, or employed less of it in any pursuits not
connected with the immediate discharge of his
duty. He seemed to have no recreation but the
pleasure of conversation with his friends. Out of
the.cliambers of Congress, he was either devoting
himself to the acquisition of knowledge pertaining
to the immediate subject of the duty before him,
or else he was indulging in those social interviews
in which he so much delighted.
My honorable friend from Kentucky has spoken
in just terms of his colloquial talents. They cer-
tainly were singular and eminent. There was a
charm in his conversation not often found. He
delighted, especially, in conversation and inter-
course with young men. I suppose that there has
been no man among us who had more winning
manners, in such an intercourse and such conver-
sation, with men comparatively young, than Mr.
Calhoun. I believe one. great pQwer of his char-
acter in general, was his conversational talent.
40
FRIDAY, APRIL 5, 1850.
J believe it is that, as well as a consciousness of
his high integrity, and the greatest reverence for
his talents and ability, that has made him so en-
deared an object to the people of the State to which
he belonged.
i Mr. President, he had the basis, the indispen-
| sable basis, of all high character; and that was,
1 unspotted integrity—unimpeached honor and char-
j acter. If he had aspirations, they were high, and
j honorable, and noble. There was nothing grov-
elling, or low, or meanly selfish, that came near
! the head or the heart of Mr. Calhoun. Firm in
j his purpose, perfectly patriotic and honest, as I
j am sure he was, in the principles that he espoused,
; and in the measures that he defended, aside from
| that large regard for that species of distinction
| that conducted him to eminent stations for the
j benefit of the Republic, I do not believe he had a
i selfish motive or selfish feeling. However, air,
! he may have differed from others of us in his po-
] litical opinions or his political principles, those
! principles and those opinions will now descend
i to posterity, under the sanction of a great name,
j He has lived long enough, he has done enough,
I and he has done it so well, so successfully, so
] honorary, as to connect himself for all time with
j the records of his country. He is now a histori-
; .cal character. Those of us who have known him
' here will find that he has left upon our minds and
i our hearts a strong and lasting impression of his
| person, his character, and his public performances,
I which, while we live, will never be obliterated,
i We shall hereafter, I am sure, indulge in it as a
1 grateful recollection that we have lived in his age,
! that we have been his contemporaries, that we
! have seen him, and heard hirn, and known him.
J We shall delight to speak of him to those who are
rising up to fill our places. And, when the time
; shall come that we ourselves shall go> one after
i another, in succession, to our graves, we shall
i carry with us a deep sense of his genius and char-
■ acter, his honor and integrity, his amiable deport-
j ment in private life, and the purily of his exalted
patriotism.
j Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I hope it will not
j be considered inappropriate for me to say a word
I upon this solemn occasion. Being a native of the
! same State with the distinguished Senator whose
death has cast such a gloom upon this Senate and
; the audience here assembled, 1 had the good for-
1 tune, at an early period of my life, to make his ac-
; quaintance. At that time, he was just entering
I upon that bright career which has now terminated.
J I was then a boy, with prospects anything but
i flattering. To him, at that period, I was indebted
i for words of kindness and encouragement; and
! often since, in the most critical positions in which
I I have been placed, a recurrence to those words of
encouragement has inspired me with resolution to
meet difficulties that beset my path. Four years
ago, I had the pleasure of renewing that acquaint-
ance, after an absence of some fifteen years; and
( this took place after he had taken an active part
| in the question .of annexing Texas to the United
' States, adding a new sense of obligation to my
feeling of gratitude.
In the stirring questions that have agitated the
country, it was my misfortune sometimes to differ
from him; but it is a matter of heartfelt gratifica-
tion for me to know, that our personal relations
remained unaltered. Arid, sir, it will be a source
! of pleasant, though sad reflection, to me, through-
out life, to remember, that on the last day on
which he occupied his seat in this chamber, his
body, worn down by disease, but his mind as
vigorous as ever, we held a somewhat extended
conversation on the cxciting topics of the day, in
which the same kind feelings which had so strong-
ly impressed me in youth, were still manifested
toward me by the veteran statesman. But, sir,
he is gone from among us; his voiee will never
again be heard in this chamber; his active and
vigorous mind will participate no more in our
councils; his spirit has left a world of trouble,
care, and anxiety, to join the spirits of those pa-
triots and statesmen who have preceded him to a
brighter and better world. If, as many believe,
New Series,... No. 40.
the spirits of the departed hover around the places
they have left, I earnestly pray that his may soon
be permitted to look back upon ourcountry, which
he has left in excitement, confusion, and appre-
hension, restored to calmness, security, and fra-
ternal feeling, as broad as the bounds of our Union,
and as fixed as the eternal principles of justice, in
which our Government has its foundation.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not expect, Mr. Presi-
dent, to add anything to what has already been
said of the illustrious man whose death we all so
deeply deplore; but silence upon an occasion like
this would by no means meet the expectations of
those whose representative I am. To borrow a
figure from the Senator from Kentucky, the bright-
est star in the brilliant galaxy of the Union has
gone out, and Alabama claims a place among the
chief mourners over the event. Differing often
from the great southern statesman on questions of
public policy, she has yet always accorded due
homage to his genius, and still more to that blame-
less purity of life which entitles him to the high-
est and noblest epitaph which can be graven upon
a mortal tomb. For more than forty years an
active participant in all the fierce struggles of
party, surrounded by those corrupting influences
to which the politician is so often subjected, his
personal character remained not only untarnished
but unsuspected. He walked through the flames,
and even the hem of his garment was unscorched.
It is no part of my purpose to enter into a recital
of the public acts of John C. Calhoun. It has
already been partly done by his colleague; but even
i that, in my judgment, was unnecessary. Years alter
' the celebrated battle of Thermopylae, a traveler, on
visiting the spot, found a monument with the sim-
ple inscription, " Stranger, go tell at La6eda;mon
that he died in obedience to her laws." " Why
is it," he asked, " that the names of those who
fell here, are not inscribed on the stone?" " Be-
cause," was the proud reply, " it is impossible
that any Greek should ever forget them." Even
so it is with him of whom I speak. His acts are
graven on the hearts of his countrymen, and time
has no power to obliterate the characters. Through-
out this broad land " the meanest rill, the mightiest
river, rolls mingling with his fame forever."
Living, sir, in an age distinguished above all others
for its intelligence, surrounded throughout his
whole career by men any one of whom would have
marked an era in the world's history, and stamped
the times in which he lived with immortality,
Mr. Calhoun yet won an intellectual eminence,
and commanded an admiration, which was not
only unsurpassed but unequalled, in ail its parts,
by any of his giant compeers. That great light is
now extinguished; a place in this Senate is made
vacant which cannot be filled. The tidings have
been borne upon the lightning's wings to the re-
motest corners of the Republic, and millions of
freeman are now mourning with us, over all that
is left of one who was scarcely " lower than the
angels."
I may be permitted, Mr. President, to express
my gratification at what we have heard and wit-
nessed this day. Kentucky hag been heard through
the mouth of one, who is not only her greatest
statesman, but the world's greatest living oialor.
The great expounder of the Constitution, whose
massive intellect seems to comprehend and give
clearness to all things beneath the sun, has spoken
for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. From
every quarter the voice of mourning is mingled
with notes of the highest admiration. These
crowded galleries, the distinguished gentlemen who
fill this floor, ail indicate that ftere have
" C.i [■(!>, artists, sages, reverently met,
To waive each separating plea
Ot sect, clone, parry, mid degree,
All honoring him on whom Nature ail honor shed.
The resolutions were then unanimously adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed the follow-
ing as the committee of arrangements: Messrs.
Mason, Davis of Mississippi, Atchison, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dickinson, and Greens.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these proceed-
iflgs to Cite House of Rt'prejsenwtives.
"Whereupon the Senate adjourned.
