1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1710
money, it is only disposing of land. If the land
were first sold, and the proceeds put into the
Treasury, I suppose it would not be constitutional
to do this, as it would be appropriating money.
But when the proposition is to give away five hun-
dred thousand acres of land, worth at least two
dollars per acre, it is only disposing of the public
lands.
1 have raised my voice against this bill, and
shall vote against it, but with very little hope that
I shall succeed in arresting this matter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. While anxious to see the
work constructed that this bill provides for, I had
great doubts at first whether I should vote for the
bill. My support of measures for the grant of
lands in aid of internal improvements has rested
principally upon the ground that the landholder
increased the value of the land left to the amount
of the grant. But the doubt that I had about this
bili^was, that it was not required to be taken in
alternate sections along the line of the canal, but
couid be selected elsewhere. I saw at a glance
that it was impossible to apply the principle of al-
ternate sections to it, because the whole work in
confined in a space of less than one mile. The
land, therefore, must be taken in tracts elsewhere.
The question now arises, will the selection of five
hundred thousand acres of land for this purjiose'
enhance the value of th-? public lands of the United
States more than the value of that quantity of
land ? Upon a little reflection, I am clearly satis-
fied that it will produce that result—that the en-
hancement of the value of the public lands will be
materially greater than the five hundred thousand
acres of the refuse land in the State of Michigan.
I sav refuse lands, because it is well known that in
the State of Michigan the best land has long since
been taken up. The lands that are left are of
comparatively little value, when we speak in ref-
erence to the best lands of the country. Besides,
sir, these lands now are liable to be taken up by
soldiers' warrants, which are now selling in mar-
ket at $115 for one hundred and sixty acres of
land. Hence we see that the value of the land
must be very small, when we come to assess the
a-mount that the land will come to.
The principle upon which I support the bill is
this: Above the Falls of Ste. Marie, on the borders
of Lake Superior, there are many millions of acres
of public lands undisposed of. In fact, all that
country bordering upon that lake, some 600 or 800
miles in length, remains now vacant, except here
and there a tract of mineral lands which have been
disposed of. These lands are inaccessible; you
cannot approach them by land or by water. The
lakes cut off all communication by land between
that country and the peninsula of Michigan.
There is no road unless you go more than a thou-
sand miles around, by which you can reach the
lands of Lake Superior. And you cannot reach
these lands by vessels, in consequence of these ob-
structions. Make a canal of three-fourths of a
mile in length around these falls, and then you can
send a vessel from Buffalo to Fond du Lac on Lake
Superior. You open 50 000,000 or 100,000,000 of
acres of public lands, which are now vacant, to an
accessible market, by making this canal of less
than a mile in length. These lands are compara-
tively valueless without this canal, but they will
be valuable as soon as it is opened. This short
piece of a canal opens a communication with the
whole country above the falls. It is for that reason
that I think that the enhancement of the value of the
remaining lands will be infinitely greater than the
value of the donation now asked for. I shall
therefore vote for this bill, upon the principle I
have supported in other bills, that it is proper to
donate public lands for public improvement; that
the result of that improvement will be to make the
lands of the Government of the United States more
valuable than they would have been if the donation
had not been made.
As for a constitutional difficulty, I see none.
The Constitution is specific, that Congress may
provide for the disposal of the public lands. There
is only a moral obligation that that disposal shall
be made in good faith—that when they make a
grant it shall be done for the benefit of the fund
out of which the grant is carved. If the fund
shall be enhanced in value by thegrant, instead of
being diminished, then it is not only a constitu-
tional, but a moral and equitable disposal of the
trust committed to our hands. Taking this view
of the subject, and believing that this grant will
greatly enhance the value of the fund, I have not
the slightest difficulty in giving my support to this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts-. Mr. President,
I have for a great while heaVd this opinion main-
tained in the Senate, and elsewhere, that the
United^ States would be great gainers by bestow-
ing their public lands on public improvements. I
am not quite sure that we have not got pretty
strong evidence of that this session, by the very
large grants of land which we have made. I once
entertained the idea myself, that where the public
lands were ^iven away in alternate sections, the
increased price of the lands reserved would indem-
nify the United States for what they gave away.
Now, sir, I do not rise to oppose this measure.
I admit its importance. I do not mean to say
whether I will or will not vote for it. But I cer-
tainly shall not say that I intend to vote against it
at this time. 1 should be glad to have some infor-
mation on this subject. In "the first place, I should
like to know, if the public lands are open at an
entry of $1 25 per acre everywhere, and that is
the fixed price—how are we to advance our inter-
ests by opening this canal, except that it may fa-
cilitate and give greater dispatch to their settle-
ment? If the price is fixed and determinate, how
are we to increase the value of these lands ? I
know there is the form of a sale at auction gener-
ally; but that everybody has long since learned
to be merely nominal.
I should like to know how, when we do not
provide in the bill for alternate sections and for in-
creasing the value of the sections reserved, there
is any possibility of the United States enriching
themselves in any way by this proces? And I
should be glad to know whether these lands
ordinarily, if left open for settlement, are not
occupied by that class of persons known as
" squatters," who begin to settle the moment a
line of improvement is laid down and designated
so as to enable them to do it?
I should also be very happy to be enlightened
on another point. We have been granting these
lands for a great while, and now I should be glad
if some honorable Senator would state to the Sen-
ate what public works have been accomplished by
this process—what canals, what railroads, what
great public improvements have at any time been
accomplished hy this process, and brought into
active use, so that the public could enjoy them?
I would like to hear an answer to that. If there
beany work that has really, through this facility,
been brought into existence, it would seem to be
some argument in favor of this. 1 know that there
are some works that have been completed. But I
will make one remark, and that is this: As far as
we have experience in the construction of public
works, we know it takes money to build them.
You must raise money to do it; and I have never
yet seen a public work constructed without the aid
of money. Well, suppose you go into a new
country and you propose to make a road out of
land. Where are you to get your money to do it
with? The improvement must precede the en-
hancement of price and enhancement of value.
Therefore, whoever undertakes to construct a road
must go with capital enough in his pocket to keep
the lands until'the improvement is made. Other-
wise, how can he enjoy those advantages which
are represented to us to arise out of the increased
value ?
Then, a^ain, I have one more remark to make.
Of all bodies which undertake internal improve-
ments, I think experience has shown that States
are least competent to undertake them with any
skill and economy. Why, sir, is it not a portion
of the history of the times that almost every State
that has undertaken to carry systems of this sort
into execution has fallen into great embarrassment
by it? This would seem to be sufficient evidence
that a State is not a body that is well calculated to
carry into execution schemes of this description.
Private corporations, or associations of individuals,
all history has shown, are much better adapted to
the purpose.
And now, sir, if 1 am going to vote half a million
acres of land, I want to be satisfied, in the first
place, that the object will be carried into effect—
that we shall obtain a canal. And I say frankly to
the Senator from Michigan, that I will very cheer-
fully give half a million acres of land, provided I
gee some distinct assurance that a great public
work of this description would be earned into-ex-
ecution. But I would not give it on the idea that
we are to raise the value of our lands, or that,
we are to reap to the Treasury or the country any
benefit whatever, except that it may promote its
prosperity by extending its population, by increas-
ing its settlement, and by having the land taken up,
in that way. And that can be done by it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will reply to the inquries
of the Senator from Massachusetts. He desires
to know what canals have been constructed out
of the grants of lands that have heretofore been
made to different States. 1 will inform him. Sir,
in all probability you would not have had the
Ohio canal, from LakeErie to Portsmouth on the
Ohio river, but for the grant of land made in aid
of it. It is true that the land itself was not suf-
ficient to pay for the entire expense of construct-
ing: the work; but it was enough to enable the
State to induce capital to be invested in it, and it
did result in the effectual accomplishment of that
work. I think that canal owes its existence to
the grant of land, in alternate sections, upon the
principle that has been adopted in the several acts
that have been passed by the Senate at this session.
There is another canal from Toledo, in Ohio,
through the Maumee and Wabash valleys, to the
Ohio river at Evansville, which owes its exist-
ence to three different grants of land made by this
Government to aid in the different portions of its
construction. The first grant was made for a ca-
nal from Lake Erie to a point on the Wabash,
where it was supposed to be navigable. Finding
that the river was not navigable to that point, it
was extended by another grant to Terre Haute;
and in 1845 we made a third grant to extend it to
the Ohio river at Evansville. This last grant was
for 800,000 acres. By these grants the States of
Ohio and Indiana were enabled to have a canal
several hundred miles in length. That important
and magnificent improvement—the longest canal
in America—owes its existence to this policy of
grafting public lands in aid of public works—a
canal through which portions of Kentucky,, Ten-
nessee, Ohio, and Illinois, leceive a large portion
of their goods, and send to market a large portion
of their products.
Again, sir, there is a canal connecting Lake
Michigan with the Illinois river, by which there is
a continuous communication from the mouth of the
St. Lawrence, through the whole line of lakes and
the Mississippi, to the Gulf of Mexico, known as
the Illinois and Michigan canal. That canal owes
its existence to a grant of land made by this Gov-
ernment to the State of Illinois, in alternate sec-
tions in aid of the work. It is true that the grant,
which was only for about 290,000 acres, was not
enough to complete the work—not half enough;
but, sir*-, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] ought to know, and if he reflects a minute
he will know, that the completion of that canal is
to be attributed to the grant of lanc^ made by this
Government in aid of its construction. He, sir,
rendered essential service to the State of Illinois in
the negotiation which resulted in the completion of
that canal. The State of Illinois remembers with
gratitude the service he rendeied her upon that oc-
casion. After that experience, it seems to me that
he ought to be a convert to and a warm advocate
of this system of improvement. It was true, as I
have before observed, that the grant of land was
not sufficient to complete the work; but after we
had expended upon the work about $7 >000,000,
and the resources and credit of the State, we found
it absolutely impossible to complete the work
without negotiating a new loan of $1,000,000; and
those lands were specifically pledged for the pay-
ment of that new loan. It was upon the faith of
those lands that we were enabled to get the money.
But for that grant of lands we should not have
been able to get the money, and the work would
not have been completed. In consequence of that
grant, we have now a navigation by water from
the Gulf of St. Lawrence, through the whole line
of those lakes, down to the Illinois river and the
Mississippi, to the Gulf of Mexico, making the
greater portion of the United States into an island,
completing the most extensive inland navigation in
the world.
Then 1 call the Senator's attention to another
work. The Senators from Iowa, 1 am sure, will
never forget the grant of lands made by this Gov-
ernment to aid in the improvement of the Des
Moines river, making that river navigable for
steamboats for several nundred mites* when it was
