THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 30,
not navigable before, and never would have be-
come sOj bat for the grant of lands passed by us
only four or five years ago.
Again: the Senators from Wisconsin will in-
form you thai there is a magnificent improvement
now being made in that State, to connect Green
Bay, through Pox river anl Wisconsin river,
with, the Mississippi. By means of this great
work, the extreme sources of the Mississippi will
be connected by continuous navigation with the
whole line of lakes and the ocean. It is being
done upon the faith of the grant of land made by
this Government in aid of the work. It was that
grant of land that put the work in motion. It
would not, for many years to come, have been at-
tempted without it. N6w, sir, several of the locks
have been completed, and the work is rapidly pro-
gressing, with a portion of it in successful opera-
tion.
Now, having shown that in these various in-
stances—wherever, indeed, you have made a grant
of land in aid of these works—they have resulted
in the speedy commencement, and, I may say, the
speedy completion, of the works for which they
were granted, I ask if the Senator does not find
that invaluable service has been rendered to the
country—that invaluable works of improvement
have been executed in consequence of these grants
of lands. Sir, if any system of legislation is to be
tested from the results that flow from it, no sys-
tem was ever adopted by this Government which
has more clearly vindicated itself than this policy
of granting lands in favor of public works. And,
sir, 1 think that every friend of the system, every
man who has ever given a vote in aid of it, has a
right to congratulate himself and the country ppo.n
the practical results which have flowed from it.
One word in answer to the other question of the
Senator. He wants to know how the United States
are benefited by the enhancement of the x^lue of
the public lands, inasmuch as the price of the
lands is fixed by law, and as we sell them' in
scarcely any instafice above the minimum price.t
In the bills we have passed this session that is not
the case. In every bill passed at this session,
making grants of land for these purposes, we have
doubled the price of the alternate sections, raising
it from the minimum of jfl 25 to $2 50, so that
the Government is to receive the same sum for the
remaining half of the lands as would have been
otherwise received for the whole.
There are lands, sir, upon some of the lines of
improvement, that have been in market forty years
at $] 25 an acre, and which have not been sold—
lands of great fertility, but which were inaccessi-
ble, lying in the midst of vast prairies, where there
was no timber with which to construct houses,
fences, and other improvements, and for the further
reason that they were distant from market. The
absence of timber and the distance from market
rendered theseHands valueless. In consequence of
these two difficulties, lands that would produce
eighty and one hundred bushels of corn, or thirty
bushels of wheat to the acre—some of the richest
lands in the world—have been lying in market un-
sold at a dollar and a quarter an acre for forty
years. You are hardly able to sell an acre of them.
You may keep them in market for another forty
years, unles3 the great landed proprietor, who is
chiefly to be benefited by the improvements, shall
contribute his moiety towards their construction.
-X;will also answer the Senator's question with
jega'rd to this particular grant—whether the lands
upon the border of Lake Superior are to be bene-
fited by this bill, while they are still to be sold at
s dollar and a quarter an acre. .The Senator says
that the auction sales of the public lands have
proven in practice to be merely nominal, as the
lands seldom sell above the minimum price. This
is very true. But it does not prove that the United
States gains nothing 'by the enhancement of the
value ot the lands by railroads and canals. I have
already referred to the fact that in all the. States
where the lands have been many years in market
large portions of them remain unsold because of
their distance from timber and markets. Such
will continue to be the case, unless these obstacles
to emigration and settlement are removed. This
can only be done by encouraging the making of
roads, canal3, and other means of communication
to and through them. Without these improve-
ments, you cannot realize a dollar and a quarter
Sot your lands; with these improvements, you will
find a ready sale of all your lands at a dollar and
a quarter, and many of them at two dollars and a
half. While you have millions of acres of these
lands, from which you cannot realize a dollar
under the niggafdly policy which opposes this
bill, you are borrowing money to defray the ex-
traordinary expenses of the Government in time
of war, and sometimes the ordinary expenses in
peace.
Now, I ask if it would not be better policy to
make these lands available to the Treasury under
the liberal policy which we advocate, and pay off
your debts, and stop the interest on such enor-
mous loans. On the shores of Lake Superior
there are more than 50,000,000 of acres of land
which can never be sold and improved without
they have the means of communicating with other
portions of the country. Now you have good
navigation to the Falls of St. Marie; but there is
an obstruction, which can be obviated by a canal
three quarters of a mile in length, thus affording
good navigation from every portion of Lake Su-
perior to the ocean. This great object can be at-
tained by a grant of 500,000 acres of the refuse
lands in Michigan, at the same time that you en-
hance the value and hasten the settlement of more
than 50,000,000 of acres upon the borders of Lake
Superior. Unless you do this, your .lands there,
as they have elsewhere, will remain unsold for
forty years. In my own State there are 14,000,000
acres of vacant lands, all in market and unsold.
The same is true, of Indiana, Missouri, and other
States. Thus it will be with fifty or a hundred
millions upon Lake Superior, if an illiberal and
unwise policy is to prevail. If such a policy had
prevailed as would have insured the sale of these
iands forty years ago, when they were first brought
into market, the use of the money, or the interest
upon it, would now amount to about three times
as much a3 the Government now asks for them.
Let any one make the calculation, and see which
would be the best policy for the Government in a
pecuniary point of view. In a moral, commer-
cial, and all other points of view, the advantages
arc all in favor of the policy embraced in this bill.
1 am sorry to have detained the Senate so long.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 shall have to ask the Senate
to take up the order of the day now, and 1 there-
fore move to postpone the further consideration of
this subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to say a few words? 1 will renew
his motion when 1 get through.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, 1 suppose I must give
way.
The motion to postpone was accordingly with-
drawn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. This public
land system is not a matter which greatly interests
my mind, for I long since formed my opinion that
the old States are not to profit by the public lands
in any way.
Mr. JONES. They get the money.
Mr. DAVIS. What for?
Mr. JONES. Why for the lands.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator says we get the mo-
ney for the lands. Well, a little money does go
into the Treasury, and so far as that goes it is a
public benefit. But I do not think that the course
of policy of the United States is to 6e such as very
materially to benefit the old States by any disposi-
tion which is made of the public lands. We are
left, therefore, to act pretty independently, and in
the way that we deem most just towards the new
States, appropriating the lands generally for their
benefit. 1 believe 1 have voted as liberally as al-
most anybody upon all these subjects, and my ob-
ject was merely to get a little information to guide
me in these votes this morning.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] does
not quite meet the point. The position which 1
assumed was, that lands are not available for the
construction of a work. Time and experience
have proved that. 1 could not take a safer exam-
ple to prove the truth of my position than the one
which he has quoted himself. Wty, sir, 1 think
that the Senator from Illinois will tell you now
that two thirds of the lands upon the Illinois and
Michigan canal remain unsold at this day, after a
lapse of perhaps twenty years. I voted for that
very improvement twenty years ago, and I appre-
hend that two thirds of those lands remain unsold
at this day. They were valuable, and I admit
they were used for the purpose, as the Senator
states, of strengthening the credit of the State.
Mr. DOUGLAS; Will the Senator give way
for an answer on that one point?
Mr. DAVIS yielded the floor.
Mr. DOJJGLAS. The Senator does not mean;
that of the alternate sections belonging to the Gov-
ernment of the United States two-thirds still re-
main vacant?
Mr. DAVIS. No; I mean your own.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ah ! that is very true. Ths
Government of the Uni'ed States has already got
the money for ths half of the lands reserved for
herself, at her own price. It is true that we have
not sold all the lands belonging to the State, for
the reason that we did not choose to throw them
into market until the canal was finished, and then
at high prices, so as to make the proceeds pay a
large portion of the cost of the work. Each tract
has been valued, and a price aet upon it. The
prices range from three dollars to one hundred dol-
lars per acre, and where towns have been laid out
upon them they bring hundreds and thousands of
dollars to the acre. I have paid within the lass
year twenty-five dollars per acre for some of those
farming lands, and consider it a good speculation
at that pi ice. These lands are now being sold
rapidly at the valuation fixed upon thero, and
generally bring a large advance on that valuation.
They would all have been sold long ago, if the
price had been fixed at two dollars and a half per
acre. But our State does not choose to sell her
lands at that price so long as she is in debt, and
can realize more from their sale to discharge that
debt.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 am not so
badly informed that I do not know that the alter-
nate sections belonging to the United States had
gone long ago, but 1 should like to know from the
honorable Senator whether the United States ever
got more than a dollar and a quarter per acre?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir, they did not; for
the reason that the United StaSes were not wise
enough to put in the provision which I have caused
lo be inserted in all the bills this session, raising
the price to two dollars and a half 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts must not be interrupted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He asked me a question.
- Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. And I was
very glad to receive the answer. We may set
that down, then, as a fact, and this was one of the
very cases in which we were to be greatly bene-
fited. If the Senate will bear with me I will
state the reason why I supported this system at
the time that graht was made. We were to sell
these alternate sections, having the benefit of the
great improvement which the United States was to
aid in bringing into existence, and we were to get
a price accordingly. Well, now, the practical re-
sult of all that is, that the whole of these lands
have passed out of the hands of the United States,
and the United States never realized more than a
dollar and a auarter for any acre of them that I
know of. There is the practical result of that
operation, and that is what makes me somewhat
doubtful when it is supposed that the Government
will profit by this work. I may add, while touch-
ing this point, and I think the Senator from Illinois
and myself shall not disagree about it, that within
ten miles of this canal, at this day, you may find
excellent farming land that may be purchased for
a dollar and a quarter. That is the effect on the
surrounding country after an operation of some
twenty years. I admit the great utility of this
work. I do not deny it, and I do not deny that
these lands were in some measure, perhaps, the
cause of bringing it into existence. But what I do
say is, that land are not money, and public
works must be constructed by the aid of money.
The sale of lands cannot take place in season to
construct the works, and therefore, if the State of
Michigan is going to undertake this great work,
she must go forward with funds if she means to
indemnify herself out of these lands. It cannot
be done in any other way. The rise in the value
of the land grows out of the improvement, and
you must, therefore, wait until the improvement
is made. That was one cause of the embarrass-
ment of the State of Illinois, as the Senator knows
as well as I do. It was the cause of embarrass-
ment to the State of Indiana, also, and of very
great embarrassment too. They had no means to
Carry on the public works, while they had lands in
reserve out of which they were to be indemnified.
That has been the result of all these operations,
