1850.
THE C0NGMESSI0NAL: (}L©11.
m
rotted—grown in the United States. But it was
evident that that circumstance was not material to
the argument which he was making, because the
amount of water-rotted hemp, which would be
made from the whole amount of hemp grown,
would depend upon the demand, and the demand,
as he had stated, would not exceed half of one
per cent.
Suppose the contract for these six hundred tons
should be given to the farmers, in lots of ten tons
each, to how many would it be given? To
sixty—but sixty out of the whole nflmber of hemp
growers in the United States! and yet gentlemen
opposed this resolution on the ground that it was
a matter of great importance to the hemp-growing
interest of the Union. The only considerations
which should govern the action of the House, m
its decision upon this question, ought to be, in the
first place, to procure American hemp, if it could
be procured; in the second place, to secure the
interest of the Government, by every regulation
which was calculated to secure it.
But again: a great deal had been said about the
provision in the resolution raising the standard, or
test, from forty-two hundred to forty-four hundred,
and it had been said that this was the result of a
suggestion by Mr. Billings. It was true that Mr.
Billings had satisfied the Government—had satis-
fied the committee, and an examination of the sub-
ject would satisfy the House—that the hemp pre-
pared under his management would stand a much
higher test than forty-four hundred. The gentle-
man from Missouri had stated the other day, that
in conversation with the Secretary of the Navy,
the Secretary had said that it was not important,
or that H was unnecessary, that the standard should
be raised. If the Secretary had so stated—and
sinc£ the gentleman from Missouri had assured the
House that it wast so, he (Mr. S ) took it for granted
that such was the fact—if the Secretary had so
stated, he (Mr. S.) was satisfied that he had done
so without reflection, and without that minute ex-
amination of the. subject which would be necessary
and proper before making such an assertion. He
had held no conversation with the Secretary of the
Navy; but he had conversed with one of the oldest
and most experienced officers of the navy—long
at the head of one of the bureaus, Commodore
Morris—and that officer had stated that it would
be important to the Government that the test
should be raised, if possible, still higher. He
stated that two objects were to be gained by it.
In the first place, to increase the strength of the
rope, and thereby secure the safety of the ship,
because, as he (Mr. S.) had stated in the course
of some remarks which he had submitted on an-
other occasion, the safety of the ship might depend
upon a single rope. Another object was, to dimin-
ish the size and weight of the rope; and if a test
could be established double of that which the com-
mittee had reported, it would still be a great and
important advantage to the Government.
It had been the practice of the Government, when
important inventions connected with its material
interests had been made, to give contracts to the
fortunate inventors, as an encouragement to them,
at the same time securing the best material for the
useof theGovernment. Actingupon that principle,
it would seem right that, inasmuch as Mr. Billings
had proved the superiority of his hemp over any
other article, foreign or domestic, which had yet
been presented to the navy, he was entitled to
some favor. But he asked nothing of the kind.
His memorial stood upon no such footing. It
stood upon the simple justice of his case—upon
the refusal of the Secretary of the Navy to give
him a contract for which, under a fair and legal
bid, he was the lowest bidder.
But what were the arguments of the frentlemen
from Kentucky, [Messrs. Marshall and More-
head ?] They said that raising the test was the
suggestion of Mr. Billings, intended to secure his
advantage, and to operate against the hemp
growers of Kentucky and Missouri. If that was
true, what was the amount of it? It was simply
this, that Mr. Billings had made the best hemp,
that it would stand a higher test than any other,
and that they were afraid they might not be able
to come up to it. And the question, therefore,
simply was, whether the Government should pur-
chase the best rope, or an inferior rope. It
seemed to him that there could be no doubt upon
any of the facts of the case.
As he saw the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] now in his seat, he (Mr. S.)
would repeat what he had stated at the commence-
ment of his argument, in reply to the assertion
madfe by the gentleman the other day, that the ac-
tion of the committee was extraordinary, in hav-
ing reported a proposition to give Mr. Billings
| part of the contract in opposition to the opinion of
j the Attorney General.
Now, the opinion of the Attorney General, ta-
king it in every aspect in which it could be pre-
sented, was a very curious document. In the
first place, it had been said that the Secretary of
the Navy had the right to give or withhold the
contract, as he pleased, because he had reserved
that right by the advertisement. He (Mr. S.)
thought, as he had already said, that that was not
e'ear. If the position could be sustained, that
would be sufficient. But it did not seem to have
been satisfactory to the department, and it called
upon the Attorney-General for his opinion as to
the legality of the bids. That opinion was based
upon three considerations—first, the bid was upon
a sliding scale. That was usual. He presumed
no gentleman Would object on that account.
Another objection was, that by calculating the in-
terest on the excess of Mr. Billings's bids over
other bids in the years in which there was an ex-
| cess, his average bid for the five years would not
be the lowest. In this, the Attorney General was
mistaken. He had not made out this result by
figures; he had assumed it. The third ground of
opposition was, a mere suspicion of the honesty
of Mr. Billings. That gentleman had come before
the Government with security for the performance
of his contract, as good as could be found within
the Government, for the performance of any con-
tract. The security was perfectly good. Mr.
Billings was the lowest bidder. The bid itself was
neither unusual nor unfair. How, then, could the
gentleman from Georgia say that it was extraordi-
nary that the committee should have come to the
conclusion at which it had arrived, that the right
of this individual ought to be saved in any gen-
eral resolution which might be adopted for the
purchase of water-rotted hemp for the use of the
navy ?
One word as to the suspicion upon which the
Attorney-General based a portion of his opinion.
If we were permitted to indulge in suspicions—
and he did not desire to make any charges—
from the nicety with which the Attorney-General
had entered into calculations of interest, and of
the mistake which he had made in favor of .Messrs.
Todd and Crittenden, while comparing their bids
with that of Mr. Billings, one might suspect that
if Mr. Crittenden had been the bidder, instead of
( Mr. Billings, the Attorney-General might not
I have thought it advisable to enter into so minute
< a calculation. That suspicion would be quite as
! fair, as liberal, and as just, as the suspicion of the
1 Attorney-General against the honesty of Mr. Bil-
| lings in putting in his bid. In his (Mr. S.'s)
■ judgment, and in the judgment of the committee,
| there was nothing on the face of the bid to affect
i the fairness of the bid. The securities of Mr.
Billings were ample. There could be no objection
[ on that score. He (Mr. S.) knew nothing of that
gentleman. He had never seen him until this
matter came before the committee. He desired
that the resolution should be passed, saving what
the committee thought to be the fair and equitable
rights of Mr. Billings; but if the House should
think proper to vote that part of the proposition
down, he should still vote for the resolution;
and if the House should think proper to vote for
purchase in open market, although he had shown
the unfavorable effects of that mode of purchase,
he should still vote for the resolution, because he
was anxious to promote the one great object in
view—the encouragement of American water-
rotted hemp.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he desired to
have read at the Clerk's desk an amendment
which he would offer to the resolution, when it
should be in order.
The amendment was read as follows:
" Provided,fvither, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
| structed to substitute, in lieu of hemp, cotton, where, in
'< his opinion, it can be used in :tny way to answer an equal
i purpose with that of hemp."
He (Mr. C.) said he had taken no part in this
| discussion. He found that the Representatives
; of the hemp-growing interest had pretty much
monopolized the attention of the House for sev- 1
era) days. They who represented the cotton in-
terest of the South were satisfied that cotton rope
was, m many instances, much better than hemp
ropfe for the use of the navy.
He should offer this amendment in good faith
if the vote were reconsidered, and if he should be
so fortunate as to obtain the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS said he should move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table. He thought
that those gentlemen who had been discussing this
question of hemp, for some three or four morn-
ings, had consumed sufficient time upon this re-
jected contract, for it was nothing else. A con-
tract had been made; the Secretary of the Navy
had felt it to be his duty, as a public officer, to re-
ject it; some points had arisen in it, and he-had
submitted them to the Attorney-General, who had
confirmed his proceedings; and the House was
called upon to consume its time to compel the
Secretary of the Navy to accept a contract which
he had believed it to be his duty to reject. This
House was not -the body tft examine the call; it
could be better examined elsewhere. Certainly
it was an extraordinary proposition, notwithstand-
ing-the declaration of the gentleman from Tennes-
see to the contrary. He (Mr. T.) repeated, that
he had known no case where this House had com-
pelled a high public officer, the head of one of the
Executive departments, to accept a contract which,
acting according to his judgment, he had rejected.
That was the whole of it.
He moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. MASON appealed to the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw his motion, that justice
might be done to the people of the hemp-growing
section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Kentucky that remaiks are out
of order pending a motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Toombs, and was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL said: When the resolution
and amendments were referred a second time to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, I did entertain the
hope that the result of reflection would induce the
committee to report such a resolution as would de-
cide the policy of the country in favor of the
hemp growers of the West, and agamst the little
band of speculators who seek to establish a mo-
nopoly, under the pretence of a law to encourage
a'producing class. That hope, I regret to see,
was not well founded, and I now propose briefly
to contrast the policy which the resolution pro-
poses with that suggested by the committee.
What are the points of difference ?
The resolution proposes to make purchases irt
open market, directly from the producer, through
the intervention of agents established in the hemp-
growing region, furnished with machinery, for the
application of tests, by which the strength of the
staple offered for sale may be tried—the agent to
be a person conversant with the article, and capa-
ble of determining its quality as to cleanliness and
general preparation, by inspection and handling.
The substitute of the committee proposes to inter-
vene a contractor, who shall bargain to furnish the
amount required by the navy, to be tested and
inspected,on delivery to theGovernment,by him—
the contract being let to the lowest bidder. The
test will be applied, in both cases, before the Gov-
ernment becomes proprietor. The most striking
point of difference is, the intervention of a specu-
lator between the producer and the Government,
in the mode preferred by the committee, and the
direct contact between the producer and the Gov-
ernment in the, mode advocated by myself and
the members from the West.
When this subject was discussed heretofore, the
remark was made, that the open market was ob-
jectionable, because—first, the Government could
have no assurance of supply; and secondly, be-
cause the supply being in small lots, produced by
different farmers, there would be no uniformity
in its preparation. Does experience teach that,
by following the contract system, these objections
would be obviated ? If the contractor can furnish
the American water-rotted hemp, he must do so
from that which is prepared in the country, and
the agent may supply from that stock as leadily
as the contractor. There is just this difference:
by one mode you give the producer the entire
