1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
Aug. 30,
deposits, especially of copper on the shores of
Lake Superior, will no doubt be rendered by this
canal highly profitable to the United States and to
tHe State of Michigan. I do not think that we
should measure the grant which we propose to
make by the increased proceeds to bederived from
• the sale of the public lands, when there are higher
though more remote considerations existing. The
cheaper defence of that frontier, the more speedy
settlement of the country which will ensue, and
the revenue to be derived when it shall be inhab-
ited by a wealthy and industrial population, will
be of far more advantage to the Treasury than
that derived from the sale of the public lands.
This is now perhaps the most exposed point on
our frontier bordering upon Canada, running up
to that portion of our country which, being un-
settled, would furnish theavenue for theapproach
of the forces of Great Britain from the frontier of
North Canada to our upper possessions in the Mis-
sissippi. It is a fUt country, with light portages,
and easily crossed by batteau-men employed for
such purposes, and for that reason we should have
the means of approacing that frontier readily at any
time it may be required for the public defence.
Unless there be danger of inj-iry to the country be-
low, of which I am not able to judge, J should myself
prefer a through cut, in order that we may reduce
the level of Lake Superior, and drain the country
on Pigeon river and Rainy lake, which I think
• would inure to the benefit of the Treasury to the
value of many millions. Leaving that point out
of consideration—and it is not the proposition be-
fore us—I merely wish to state, that if it was a
proposition for a work of national defence alone,
I should vote for the canal and the money neces-
- eary for its construction as a national work. In
that View, together with the other, that the en-
hancement of the public lands will be eifected by
it, I shall cheerfully vote for the bill, if the grant
be restricted to the country to be affected by the
woi k. As it now stands, I find that the lands can
be selected anywhere in the State of Michigan, but
1 should prefer it to be confined to Lake Superior,
or that land district. I make this suggestion to
the particular friends of the bill.
Mr. SMITH. I am decidedly in favor of this
grant. I regard the proposed work as truly na-
tional in its character, and in my opinion it ought
to be undertaken and prosecuted by the General
Government; but as there is very little prospect of
that, as the next best thing that can be done, I am
'in favor of encouraging the State of Michigan to
undertake and complete this most important work.
It is riot a woik for the benefit of Michigan alone;
for, although it so happens that the location of this
canal is witifin the borders of that State, the peo-
ple of Michigan are no more interested in its con-
struction than are the people of several other States
+ bordering on our northern lakes. There are no
less than six States besides the'State of Michigan-
Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
and New York—which have ports upon these
northern lakes, and the shipping of every one of
them will have occasion to resort to this canal for
the purpose of participating in the benefits of what-
ever commerce may spring up on Lake Superior.
And I believe that the State of New Vork, through
the port of Buffalo, will derive more benefit fiom
the completion of this work than will the Stale of
Michigan, other than is derived from the settle-
ment of the upper peninsula through the opening
of this navigation. I concur also most fully in
the suggestion made in reference to this subject by
the Senator from Mississippi, that this is a work
of the very highest importance in a military point
of view. And, sir, 1 would not only favor the
building of a canal around the Palls of St. Mary's,
but also the construction of one around the Falls of
Niagara, for the very same reason. In the event
of a war between us and Great Britain, the British
Government would derive an immense advantage
from the Welland canal, which opens a commu-
nication between Lake Ontario and Lake Erie.
"Without a similar one, we should have to main-
tain nearly double the force that the British would
on the two lakes. It would require of us a force
on each lake equal to that of the British'on both
lakes; for, by means of the Welland canal, they
could assemble their entire force on either lake at
their pleasure. The work, therefore, in my opin-
ion, should be treated on the principle on which
the Government builds a fort for the protection of
the frontier—as an important military defence.
This improvement can hardly be called a canal,
and the proposition is in the nature of one for the
improvement of a river. The canal may be exca-
vated within the banks of the river without any
difficulty, and in that case it becomes a mere im-
provement of the navigation of the river, and we
make appropriations every year to improve the
navigation of our rivers—the Ohio and the Missis-
sippi. And I believe that some years ago the
United States invested a very considerable amount
of stock, in order to encourage the construction of
the Louisville canal around the falls of the Ohio
river. I consider this, therefore, as a mere river
improvement, and as having no analogy with a
proposition fur the construction of a long line of
canal across a State for the benefit of the people of
a single State, and not for the benefit of a number
of States, as in this case. In view of its great im-
portance, if this bill was one to appropriate five
hundred thousand or a million of dollars for the
construction of this canal by the Government of
the United States, I should not object to it; but as
no measures of this kind have passed, and proba-
bly will not pass during the present session, as the
next best thing which can be done, I am in favor
of encouraging the people of Michigan to build
this work, which, when completed, will inure to
the direct benefit of six States, and indirectly to
the benefit of the whole of the States of the Union.
1 am no^at all concerned but that New England
will derive all the benefit her people can desire
from the construction of this work in the promo-
tion of the general interests of the country." This
miserable business—I will not say that, however,
for I once voted for it myself, and thought it best—
this idea of appropriating the avails of the public
lands among the several States, so that every State
shall have its share, lias now been dropped, and no
man is now wild enough to suppose that any such
policy can ever again be carried through the two
Houses of Congress. The colleague of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, not now a member of this
body, early m the session came forward with a
proposition to give away the public lands to indi-
viduals, but I prefer another disposition of them.
Every proposition which may be presented hire,
I care not whether it be in a free or a slave State,
to appropriate the public lands for the purpose of
carrying forward any great work of public im-
provement, whether it be a railroad or a canal, or
a harbor improvement, or anything of that char-
acter, has always had my vote, and always shall.
And no proposition has been submitted to the
Senate of this character so important as the one
now before it—one which is to increase our line of
direct water communication by something like
nine hundred miles, and which, while it thus de-
velops the resources of the country, will operate
as a powerful means of military defence. In view
of such considerations, I will not stop to enter into
any miserable calculations as to whether my own
State will or will not receive quite as much benefit
from the works as the State of Michigan. 1 do
not suppose that the people of New England will
derive quite as much benefit directly from it as the
people of the States bordering on the upper lakes,
but the general prosperity of the country will be
greatly promoted thereby, and in that they will
participate. In its benefits as a work of military
defcnce, they, with the rest of the country, will
also participate. The Senator fzom Massachusetts
says, that in his judgment the work will not in-
crease the value of the public lands. I think,
however, it will, though I will not dwell on that
consideration. It will bring them up at least from
nothing at all to$l 25 per acre. Without this canal,
the shores of Lake Superior will long remain un-
populated, and the public lands there consequently
unsold. I repeat, that there is no analogy be-
tween this proposition and one for the construc-
tion of a railroad or canal through a State—it is
one of a truly national character, and as such shall
receive my cordial support.
Mr. FELCH. I wish to say a word in refer-
ence to the particular situation of the country to
which reference has been made, because it seems
to me that the peculiar circumstances of the case to
which the bill refers, are not fully embraced within
the application of the principle which gentlemen
have vindicated m their remarks here. The liberal
principle which the Senate has adopted in regard
to these improvements, has been to appropriate al-
ternate sections of the public lands in aid of them,
on the ground that the Government was part owner
or the land, and therefore should contribute its
part to the construction of an improvement which
would result in increasing the value of such public
lands. And it has been said, also, that settlers
must go on the land in the first place, and before
there could beany necessity for the construction
of these works. Now, here it is evident that the
peculiar situation of the country is overlooked, or
is not understood. Settlers will not go on the land,
for the reason that it is not a farming country. It
is situated further to the north than any settled
portion of the United States, and it is a country
the value of which, at present, at all events, does
not consist in its agricultural resources, but in its
rich mines of copper and iron, which are the only
inducements now operating to induce settlers to go
there. The iron ore has been but recently de-
veloped, yet there are several forges in operation
now, and it is likely, whenever the communication
with the lower lakes shall be opened, to become an
immense and important branch of business—im-
poitant not only<o Michigan, but to the whole
country at large, as increasing its resources; but
particularly important to the northwest and to the
great Mississippi valley. The mines of copper
are also one of the causes whi<-h attract settlers
there, and in these the people of Massachusetts and
Pennsylvania are more interested than are those
of Michigan, because they have turned their at-
tention more particularly to the matter, and be-
cause from their situation tl>ey have more means
to be used in purposes of that kind.
Let gentlemen look at it for a moment. Al-
though no man ever moved into this northern pen-
insula of Michigan for the purpose of farming—
I do not say that the agricultural lands there will
not be profitable when this becomes a populous
mining district, for they undoubtedly will—but I
assert that for the purpose of agricultural pursuit
none go into the country at all. It is mining that
attracts them there, and it is, therefore, the open-
ing of this communication which is to render the
lands valuable to the United States through the
increase of facilities for getting the products of the
mines to the market, and the consequent increase
of the mining population. Yet these mines are
already enhancing the wealth of the country.
Look at the article of copper, for instance. The
amount consumed in this country is about 6,000
tons per annum, and five years ago comparatively
none of it was produced in this country. Indeed,
I am not aware that there was any, except, per-
haps, a little in New Jersey. Yet last year we
have produced in this region, to supply the con-
tinual and increasing demand for this article in
commerce and the useful purposes of art, to the
Amount of 4,000 tons. In three and half years
the production has increased to such an extent
that'we are now able to supply 4,000 of the 6,000
tons, or two-thirds of the whole amount of copper
used in this country. This is not, therefore, to
be regarded, as gentlemen seem to suppose, as a
work of local interest, of interest to the State of
Michigan alone; but as embracing considerations
much higher, as a work of national interest. Every
pound of copper which can be used in the United
States may be, and eventually will be, obtained
from that source; not only that, but a large amount
can be furnished for exportation. Every pound of
it, too, must be carried around these Falls, and
every article of produce for the support of the
miners—for none are produced there—must be
carried up these Falls. During the last year the
amount paid for transportation was $10,000. How,
then, can the United States expect to sell itsjands
in that region without the opening of this connec-
tion by the construction of this work? In that
view of the case the public generally have the
deepest interest in its construction. But I will re-
f°r to another evidence of its necessity. Formerly
the fisheries on Lake Superior furnished a large
supply of fish, but they now have been abandoned
entirely because the cost of transportation
around the Falls is so great that the business can-
not profitably be continued. The last year the
fisheries weie prosecuted they furnished a supply
of 10,000 barrels for exportation, all of which had
to be carried around the Falls, but at a cost so
expensive that it forced a relinquishment of the
business.
The Senator from Massachusetts inquired wheth-
er, if this grant was made, there was any prospect
' that the work would be completed; and I am
: happy that I am able to answer^his question,
