1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
such provisions as the perfection of the measure
requires. This territory will include the people
called Mormons.
In regard to the laws, such as are now in force
under the provisional authorities existing within
the limits of the territory, are continued in force,
so far as they are consistent with the provisions
of the bill, and the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and the rights of person and prop-
erty secured and protected thereby. But the le-
gislative assembly of the territory may change
or repeal such laws at any time, consistently with
limitation prescribed.
3. The bill provides for the erection of a territo-
rial government—including all the residue of the
territory of the United States acquired by the late
treaty with the Mexican Republic, not included
within the State of California and the Territory of
Utah, more or less; to be called the Territory of
New Mexico. Of course this territory will include
the department of New Mexico, with us rightful
boundaries, and no more. The Territory thus
erected, or the Territories to be formed therefrom,
are provided for under a guaranty that they shall
be admitted into the Union with convenient limits,
as States, when their population shall be sufficient,
and when they shall have presented a constitution
of republican form, and asked to be admitted.
With respect to the government for theTerritory
of New Mexico, but little more is done than to
legalize the territorial plan lately framed by the
people living within the limits of the territory, in
the terms in which it is presented for the sanction
of Congress. True, some modifications and ad-
ditions are introduced, but entirely in harmony
with the original plan, and only for the purpose of
giving it symmetry and completeness. As in the
case of this territory, there has been no actual
substitution of government and laws, (as in the
case of the Territory of Utah;) but as such laws
are still in force in the department of New Mexico,
as remained after it was acquired by tire United
States, these laws being acquiesced in, and virtu-
ally adopted by the people, are continued in force,
so far as they are consistent with the provisions
of the bill, and the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and the rights of person and prop-
erty secured and protected thereby. But the
legislative assembly of the territory may change
or repeal those laws at any time, consistently with
the limitation prescribed; and the laws of the
United Slates are extended over both of the Terri-
tories of Utah and New Mexico.
4. The bill provides, that if the State of Texas
shall agree to the extension of a strait line from
the intersection of the 34° of north latitude with the
Rio Grande, to the intersection of the 100° of lon-
gitude west from Greenwich, with the Red river or
the Salt Fork of that river as the boundary be-
tween the Territory of New Mexico on the north,
and the State of Texas on the south, and shall
relinquish all her claim to the territory north of
that boundary to the United States, in that event
the Government of the United States will pay her
$10,000,000 in certificates of stock, no one of a less
denomination than $500, and bearing not exceed-
ing 5 per cent, interest per annum, and reimburs-
able on and after the first day of January, A. D.,
1870. If Texas shall agree to this proposition of
compromise, her acceptance is not to be construed
or held in any way to interfere with the number
of States authorized to be admitted into the Union
without any restriction as to slavery, under the
guaranty of the " joint resolutions for admitting
Texas into the Union;" but if Texas shall not
accept this (fourth) proposition, it falls, and the
boundary between Texas and the Territory of New
Mexico will stand an open question.
Such is the outline of the bill I propose. Of
course it would be out of place for me to go into a
moie elaborate exposition of its principles and
provisions at present—indeed I fear ihave already
presumed on the indulgence of my colleague too
long. I can only announce my purpose at present,
to offer the bill for the consideration and action of
the committee when it may be regularly and
properly acted upon. In the mean time, I dedicate
it as a peace-offering upon the altar of our dis-
tracted and anxious country, hoping and praying
that it may be received in the same spirit ill which
it is offered—that it may be, at least in some de-
gree instrumental in restorins the wonted concord
and fraternal feeling of our beloved Union. Such
is my hope—such is my fervent prayer. I abjure
all party feelings and objects in this measure. I
offer it, not as a partisan, but as an American Rep-
resentative, and earnestly invoke the cooperation
and support of men of all parties and sections of
our common country to give it success.
Mr. McCLEaNAND having concluded,
Mr. CARTTER, remarking thathe did not wish
to consume any of the time of the gentleman from
Illinois, (Mr. Richardson,] said he wished to
present an amendment to the bill (ofMr. McCler-
nand) on the same terms. The amendment is as
follows:
" Pro the laws and decrees prohibitingslaveryinthe
Republic of Mexico, and in force at the time of the cession
of the New Mexican territory to the United States, he and
continue in force in the said teiritory until the citizens
thereof shall fram# constitutions, and be received into the
Union as sovereign States."
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN said that these propositions
were not in order. They were only laid on the
table to be called up at some future time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I presume, then, they
are merely notices of propositions which gentle-
men intend to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. That is all.
Mr. BAKER, (addressing Mr. McClernand.)
Do I understand my colleague to give notice of a
territorial bill for New Mexico and Deseret (or
Utah) without the proviso?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAKER. Put down ane of your colleagues
against that bill.
Mr, HOWARD. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] I wish
to address an inquiry to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, who has introduced this bill, [Mr. McCler-
nand.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes,sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois, who has introduced this bill,
one question—it is this: whether, in the event
that Texas shall not assent to transfer her claim
for a consideration, the Territory of New Mexico,
or any portion of it, is to be organized upon the
eastern bank of the Rio Grande?
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is very difficult for
me to answer that question. Gentlemen can an-
swer it according to their own views of the validity
o( the title of Texas to that boundary, (the Rio
Grande.) The bill provides that, in the event of
Texas declining the proposition contained in the
last section, that portion of the territory of the
United States acquired under the late treaty with
Mexico, which is not included in the State of
California, or in the Territory of Utah, be it more
or less, whatever be the rightful Territory ©f New
Mexico, shall be organized under a territorial gov-
ernment, and that the territory shall be called the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. HOWARD. Ejere I wish to say one word.
As understood by the gentleman, and as under-
stood by the President of the United States, the
gentleman's bill would prejudge against Texas the
whole question of disputed boundary. And I
wish merely to add, that unless the bill acknowl-
edges the right of Texas to the territory claimed
by her, 1 shall vote against it; and I hope to have
an early opportunity for assigning the reasons for
doing so.
Mr. RICHARDSON then addressed the com-
mittee on the slavery question, [in remarks which
wtill be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MARSHALL next obtained the floor, and
spoke during his hour, [in remarks which will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. M. having concluded,
Mr. GREEN obtained the floor, but yielded to
amotion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the com-
mittee rose and reported progress.
I On motion by Mr. McCLERNAND, on leave,
the bill which he had presented in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, was ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, a similar order
was made in the case of the amendment.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. BAKER : The petition of 78 legal voters in Gales-
burg and vicinity, Illinois, for the repeal of all laws support-
ing slavery In the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition from the same, to prohibit slavery and
the slave-trade in the territories of the United S ates.
Also, the petition fiorn the same, for a law granting a jury
trial to persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition from the same, against receiving any
more slave States into the Union.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of John Read and JOS oth-
ers, officers and soldiers of the war of 1812, and other citi-
zens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to make suitable grants ot land to the officers and soldiers
of that war, and to the widows and heiis of ouch as are de-
ceased.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of James F.
Concklin and 60 other citizens ofMonroe county, New Yoric,
asking for the repeal of the act of February, J845, extending
Woodworth's patent planing machine.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of E. G. Crowelland
34 others, citizens of Canaan, Somerset county, Maine,
praying Congress to pass a law reducing the rates of post-
age, and for other corresponding leforms.
By Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition of Cyrus Cowdray
and other citizens of Schuyler county, Illinois, asking a re-
duction on postage.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of Edward Kerneys and
other ei tizens of Osining and Sing Sing, New York, in favor
of cheap postage.
By Mr. BAYLY: The petition of Thomas M. O'Brien
and II other granite-stone cutters, representing tlmt they
were dratvn to this city last fail, from different parts of the
Union, with assurances of regular employment on the pub-
lic buildings, thai since then, they have been thrown out of
employment, and asking remuneration for los-i time.
By Mr. HARMANSON: The petition of A. G. Penn for
compensation for advances made as postmaster at New Or-
leans.
AI30, the petition of the widow and heirs of Fulwa Skip-
with.
Also, the petition of Nathan Lee for compensation for car-
rying the mail.
Also, the petition of N. Lee, W. King, and Saul Wick-
win, for compensation as witnesses in the United Stales
district couit.
f5y Mr. I'EASLEE: The petition of W. C. Hndley and
others, citizens of Bow, New Hampshire, to abolish the of-
fice of the chaplaincy,and to refiam from alllegislalion on
religious subject*.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of C. O Shepard and
40 other citizens of China, New York, that slavery and the
slave-trade may be cxpiessly prohibited by actof Congress
in all the teiritories ol the United States.
Also, the petition of P. H. Parker and 40 others, of China,
New York, that no State be admitted into the Union unless
its constitution shall expressly prohibit the existence of
slavery.
Also, the petition of U. Y. Reed and 40 others, citizens of
China, New York, for the repeal of all laws of Congress by
which slavery or the hlave-trade is sanctioned in the District
of Columbia, or that the seat of Govei ninent be lemoved to
some other location.
Also, the petition of Staunton Fairfield and 40 others, of
China, New York, that no person arrested as a fugitive
slave shall bedehvereu to the claimant except on the finding
of a jury.
AKo, the petition of T-I Price and 85 other citizens of Chi-
na, New York, that the act of Comrress of February 28,
1845, extending Woodworth's patent for a planing machine,
be repealed.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of Humphrey, and Dodge^
and others, citizens of New York, manufacturers and me-
chanics, praying for the reper-J of the act of Congress of
February 26, 18-Jo, extending Woodworth's patent fora pla-
ning machine.
Also, the petition of J. Copeland and others, men and
women, of Rockbridge, New York, for a congress of nations,
or other measure, to'pi event (he occurrence of wars.*
Also, the petition ol Henry C. Miller and otheis, of Grari-
by, New York, praying for the abolition of slavery and the
slave-trade in the District of Columbia.
AUo, the petition of the same, that no State be hereafter
admitted into, the. Union unlesa its constitution expressly
prohibit slavery.
• Also, the petition of the same, that slavery and the slave-
trade be prohibited in all the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the same, praying for a trial by jury
to poison* arre&tul as fugitive slave*.
Also, the petition of William S. Tubbs and 195 others, of
Mexico, New York, pragma for the abolition ol .-Javery and
the-dave-trade in the Distru t of Columbia.
Also, the petition ot the  ame, and 177 others of the same
place, praying that no Slate be hereafter admitted into the
Union, wiles* it* eon-'titution expte<slv prohibit slavery.
Al^o, the pen turn of the -muiig, and 1.77 othei ^ ot the same
plaee, praying that -.laveiy and the «lav«Miatie may be pro-
hibited in all the tetritoues ot the United States.
Also, the petition of the suite, and 1,77 others of the same
place, praying foi a rri.il by juiy to persons anested as fugi-
tive slavps. . , .
AUo, the petition of V. h. Perino and others, of Schroep-
pel New Yoik. pra\ing that no St.ne he herea ter admitted
into the Union, unless its constitution expressly prohibit
Sl Also'the petition of the same, praying that slavery and
the slave-ti ade may be prohibited in the territories of the
United States .
Bv Mr GOODENOW: The petition of Amos Osgood ana
49 other electors of North Yai mouth, in the State of Maine,
nravin" that no tftatcbe hereafter admitted into the Union,
unle^Mhe Constitution of such State Mtall expressly prohibit
the existem e of slavery within its limits.
Also the petition of the same, pravmg that slavery and
the slave-trade mav be expre-slv prohibited, by act of Con-
gress in all the territories of the United States.
Also the petition of the t-ame, requesting that provision
be made by law lor the trial by jury in cases of arrest of
furtive slaves.
Also, the petition of the Fame, prajmgfoi the repeal of all
laws and parts of Iauthorizing slavery or the slave-
