1830.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL CiLOBE.
681
citizens of Ohio; two petitions of citizens of Mas-
sachusetts; and two petitions of citizens of New
York, asking that the right of trial by .jury may
be secured by law to fugitive slaves, arrested jn
any other State than that m which their service is
claimed; alj of which were ordered to lie on the
table. •
Also, a petition of citizens of New Hampshire;
a petition of citizens of Ohio; a petition of citizens
of Rhode Island; a petition of citizens of Vermont;
two petitions of citizens of New York; and two
petitions of citizens of Massachusetts, asking that
no State may hereafter be admitted into the Union
whose constitution does not expressly prohibit
slavery within its limits; which were ordered to
lie on the taMe.
Mr. COOPER presented four petitions of citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia, ask- i
ing that the act of Febi uary 26,1845, extending the
patent of William Woodworth for a planing ma-
chine, may be repealed; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a petition of the President and Secretary
of a female anti-slavery society, asking the adop-
tion of measures for effecting such a change in
the Constitution as will abolish slavery through-
out the United States, or relieve the people of the
free States from the responsibility of aiding in its
support; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of certain
settlers on the public lands in the county of St.
Louis, Missouri, asking to be allowed the right of
preemption to the lands on which they have set-
tled; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives of that State
in Congress, to use their exertions to procure the
enactmen.t of a law authorizing the Legislature of
Michigan to select certain public lands for saline
purposes; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
P. A. S. Dearborn, widow of Greenleaf Dearborn,
late an officer in the army, asking to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BERRIEN presented documents relating
to the expediency of establishing beacons in thc_
Harbor of Savannah, Georgia; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of
"William H. Chase, praying to be released from
two judgments obtained against him by the United
Stales on certain bonds, as given by him as
President of the Alabama, Florida, and Georgia
Railroad Company, for the payment of the duties
on railroad iron imported for the use of that com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FOOTE presented documents relating to
the claim of the widow of Leslie Chase, late an
officer in the army, to a pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kentucky, instructing- the Sena-
tors and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress, to use their exertions to procure
the enactment of a law gi anting pensions to the
officers, soldiers, and volunteers who served in
the army under General Wayne, and bounty lands
to the officers, soldiers, and volunteers who served
in the last war with Great Britain, and to the
officers in the late war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a resolution of the legislature of the
same Slate, in favor of the enactment of a law for
an appropriation for repairing the dam at the head
of Cumberland island, in the Ohio river; which
was ordered to he on the table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, ^
Ordered, That Hie petition of William Walks, on the files
of ihe Senate, lie referred to the Committee on the 1 ubhc
Lands.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day under the rules:
Rnolv&f That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to in mire into the expediency of modif>ing the act of Con-
entitled '• An act reducing tbe duty on import*., and
for other purposes," approved the 30th day of July, 1846, by
i erea*in" the dutv on iron, and sundry other articles, and
oi changing ad valorem to specific duties in certain ca.es.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of putting down t^o dumb
beacons of sufficient size in the river Savannah; the one to
be placed on Black-Oyster rock, and the other on Sugar
Loaf, two sleep and dangerous shoals in the said river; and
to report by bill or otlieiwise.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and adopted :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post-Office and
Posr Roadri be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
estabhshinn a post-ioute fiom Marion, Grant county, Indi-
ana, to Bimmti, Mercer comity, Ohio, via Hartford; Port-
land, Jay court-house, and Fort Kecovery.
Mr. FOO'l'li submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
adopted:
! Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
1 to inquire intn the expediency of jjranttm; a pension to Mrs.
Chase, widow of the Jatc Captain Leslie Chase, of the
United States army.
THE LATE HON. JOHN C. CALHOUN.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, i present the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask its immediate and
unanimous consideration. This is due not less to
the memory of him we have lost, than to the feel-
ings of the country in whose service he passed a
life without spot and without reproach;
Resolved, That the Committee of Ainmgements be di-
rected to cause to be published, in a pamphlet form, and in
such manner as may seoni to them appropriate, fowthe use
of the Senate, thousand copies of the addresses made
by the members nf the Senate, together with the discourse
of the Rev. Dr. Butler, upon the occasion of the death of
the Hon. John C. Calhoun.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With what num-
ber shall the blank be filled ?
Mr. BADGER. Ten thousand.
Mr. CASS. I accept that number.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. MASON. I rise to state to the Senate
that, as chairman of the committee appointed to
, superintend the funeral solemnities, I received a
' letter, addressed to me by the only member of the
i family of the illustrious deceased who was in this
1 city at the time of his death. He informed me
: that it was his wish that the remains of our
| lamented colleague, for the present, should be
; placed in the vault appropriated for such purposes
i by Congress, to await their removal to South Car-
j olina. "I informed him, of course, that such dis-
1 position should be made of them as his family
j desired.
i I have deemed it fit and appropriate—in view
! of the distinguished honors which were paid to
j the illustrious statesman on the occasion of his
I decease, and in view of the long, illustrious, and
| unspotted service to his country, which has been
| referred to by the Senator fiom Michigan, and
| in connection with the fact that during that public
i service of nearly forty years he was twice called
i by the people of the United States to the second
office in the Government, that of presiding officer
of this body—that the further honor should be
paid to his memory, when his remains are trans-
ferred to his native State, there to mingle with the
soil he loved so much, that they should be at-
tended by a committee of the Senate. In that
view I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, As a nrirk of the inspect entertained by the
Senate tor the memory of the late Jonv (Utjhvfij. Cal-
houn, a Senator of South Carolina, and for hi5! long and dis-
tinguished service in the public comiciN, that his remains
be remnved, at the plea-ure of hu-< ?umvine family, in charge
of the Serueant nt-Aims, and attended bv a committee of
the Senate, to the place de^ignuted for their interment in
the bosom of hn native State; and lhat «uch committee, to
consist of Scnatms, be appointed by the President of the
Senate, who shall have full power to carry the foregoing reso-
lution into effect.
Mr. MASON. I move to fill the blank with the
word " two." *
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
number be six.
Mr. MASON. I accept the amendment in lieu
of my own motion.
The motion to fill the blank with the number
six was agreed to, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Vice President be requested to com-
municate to the Executive of the State of South Carolina
mtormation of the death of the Hon. John C. Calhoun,
late a Senator fiom the said State.
The resolution was adopted.
. Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer another reso-
lution, which is rather of a private character:-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay,out-ofthe contingent fund, to Dr. John (/.Calhoun,son'
of the late John C. Calhoun, whatever sum may be due
his estate for per diem compensation and mileage.
Mr. BUTLER. The sum is a very small on'fej.
sir—some sixty or seventy dollars, an'd I suppQse
there will be no objection to this course.
The resolution was read three several times and
passed.
POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. RUSK asked the Senate to take up, for the
purpose of reference, Senate bills to provide for
additional cletks in the Post-Office Department,
and to provide for the post-office and mail service
in California and Oregon.
The motion having been agreed to, the bills were
referred back to the Committee on the Post-Office
and Post Roads.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, I rise to present the
joint resolution of which I gave notice a few morn-
ings since, in order that ft may lie on the table and
be printed. Hereafter, when I shall ask its refer-
ence, I shall beg leave of the Senate to state the
object I have in view in presenting it.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
following amendments to the Constitution be proposed arid
recommended to the legislatures of the several States for
their ratification, to wit:
Amend the seventh section of the first article, by striking
out the words, " two thirds of that House," wherever thov
occur, and inseit the woi (Is " a majority of all the members
to which that House mav he entitled."
Amend the first section of the second article, by inserting
after the words, " fourteen \< arsa resident within the United
Slate V the following words: £: nor shall tile person elected
he eligible to that office for the succeeding four years after
the expiration of the term lor which he was elected."
Amend the flret sect'on of the third article, l>y adding
thereto the following: "whenever a majority of all the
members to which the Senate is entitled by law, and a like
majontyof the members of the I [uu-c of Repiesetitatives, ,
shall concur, in an address to the President, for (lie removal
of any judge, his office shall be vacant from llie day of the
delivery of such address, and the President shall proceed to
fill the same in the manner prescribed by law."
Amend the Constitution, by the two additional
at tides, following:
Art. 14. The temire of all offices, and the mode of re-
moval from office, shall he regulated by law, those cases
1 excepted which ar- provided lor in the Constitution.
Art. 1.). Senators and Representatives shall not be eligible
to any office, on the nomination of the President, during the
time for which tlltv were respectively elected to serve in
the Congress or the United States, and lot two years next
ensuing the expiration thereof: Providetl, however, The
! President may select the heads of the departments from the
members of Congress.
Resolved, That when three-foui ths of the legislatures of
the several states shall ratify the foregoing proposed amend-
ments, or any one or more of them, the same, when so rat-
ified, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of
the Constitution.
The resolution was laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. RUSK, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to reduce the rates
of postase, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second tim&by its title, and refer-
red to the Committee on the Post-Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish
an additional land-office in the State of Iowa;
I' which was read a first and second time by its title,
i and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
> Also, a bill for the relief of Ehsha Hampton
]' and others, of Iowa; which was read a first and
! second time by its title, and referred to the Cora-
|j mittee on Public^Lands.
p DECORUM IN DEBATE.
l! The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
I further morning business, the Chair claims the in-
|; dulo-ence of the Senate to submit a few remarks in
I' relation to liis own powers and duties to preserve
"^n assuming the responsible duty as presiding
officer of this body, I trusted that no occasion
would arise when it would become necessary for
the Chair to interpose to preserve order in debate.
I could not disguise the fact that, by possibility,
such a necessity might arise. I therefore inquired
of some of the Senators to know what had been
the usage on this subject, and was informed that
the general practice had been, since Mr. Calhoun
