1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gilmore,
Gou, Gould, Grmnell, Halloway, Hammond, Sampson W.
Harris, Raymond, Henry, Hilliard, Holme-*, Rou-ton, Howe,
Hunter, Joseph VV. Jack:>oo, William T. Jackson, George
G. King, James G. Knur, La Sere, Lcffl'r, Litth-fi'dd, Hor-
ace Maun, MattebOn, MeDon ild, Robeit M. MrLane, Finis
E. McLean. McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Morris.,Outlaw,
Parker, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rock-
well, Root, Ro*e, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schcrmer-
horn, Schoolcralt, Sprague, StanJv, Tnaddeus Stevens,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Thurmau,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dike, Vinton, Wallace, Wellborn.
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Wilson—99.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the mo-
tion to reconsider—
Mr. GOTT moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the*
main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to was reconsidered.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was put and agreed to.
Mr. GOTT moved to reconsider the last vo.te,
and to lay that motion on the table.
Which latter motion was agreed to.
THE RECENT MISSION TO LIBERIA.
The question recurred upon Mr. Silvester's
motion to suspend the rules to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this Hou*.e, if the same, in his
opinion, is not incompatible with tin* public interest, ihe re-
sult of the n i-sion ot Rev. R. R. Guiley to the Republic of
Liberia, and especially the report of that gentleman of Ins
vi-it to that country, ulncli report is now on file in the State
Department."
The question was taken, and the vote was—
ayes 90, noes 55.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended, and the resolution
was not received.
LIST OF CLAIMS.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to report from the
Committee of Claims, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the more effectually to carry out ihe in-
tention ot ihe House as expressed in a resolution passed
on the 27th day of January, 1848, the Clerk of tin# House bo,
and he is hereby directed to employ such number ot expe-
rienced cieiks (in addition to his own clerks, whose duty
it shall be to assistlhr reat without additional compensation,
when not otheiwi&e ofhcially employed,) a . will iti>ure the
completion, within twelve months, of an alphabetical hat ot
all claims submitted to this House fioni the day ot its organi-
zation to the end ot the present Con«re&s, according to tiie
plan indicated hi the above resolution ; their compensation
shall be the same as that allowed the engrossing clerks of
the House. The Clerk shall cause the work to be printed
as apublie document; and to secure accuracy, shall take
care to have the clerks carefully compare the proot-sheets
with the manuscript copy.
Mr. CROWELL objected.
Mr. DANIEL moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce the resolution; and he de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to make an explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER stated, that the gentleman
could oniy do n by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended
was then taken, and resulted—yeas 332, nays 48;
as follow:
YEAs3—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowlm, Boyd, Bnggs, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown,
Biiel, Burt, Tnomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwt.il, Cartier, Casey, Chandler, Chriginan, Daniel,
Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Doty,Duncan, Dunham, Dmkee,
Alexander Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry,
Gorman, .Gott, Gould, Green, Grint.ell, Hall, IJailovva>,
Hammond, Elaralson, Harlan, 1-ham G. Harris, Hilhard,
Hoagland, Hollada>, Holmes, Horn-ton, Howaid, ilowe,
Hubbard, Joseph W. Jackson, Julian, Kaufman, Geoige G.
ICmg, John A. King, La Sere, Lelfier, Levin, Littlefiuld,
Job" Mann, Ma>ou, Matteson, M^Ciernand, McDowell,
MeGaughey, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, McMullen,
McQueen, McVVillie, MeaHiam, Meade, Millson, Moore,
Morehead, Morris, Morse, Nrk-on, Newell,Oy:le, O.ds, Otis,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter,
Reed, Richanl>on, Robbing, Ross, Itunisey, Savage, Saw-
telle, Scheiu k, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sjiiague, Stanly, Fredeutk P. Stanton, Richard H.Stanton,
Stetson, SweeJser.Tayloi, Thomas. Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Van Dyke, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Woodwaid, and Young—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Baker, Bennett,
Breck, Brooks, Buriowa, Chester Butler, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Clarke, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Duer, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Freedley, Gentry,-Raymond,
Hunter, William T. Jackson, Andrew John.-on, Jone-',
Kerr, James G.King, Preston King, Horace Mann, Mar-
shall, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Reynold;, Rockwell, R«ot,
Rose, Saeketf,Scherm^ihoni, Shepperd,Thaddeus Stevens,
1 burrnan, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, White, and
Williams—48.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
The resolution being thus before the House as a
report from the Committee of Claims—
Mr, DANIEL, prefacing the motion with a few
words of explanation, which it was impossible to
hear correctly, demanded the previous question.
Mr. VINTON requested him to withdraw,
Mr. DANIEL declined to do so.
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading of the
resolution referied to by the resolution reported
from the Committee of Claims.
The resolunon was read.
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Daniel] so to modify the resolu-
tion as to limit the number of clerks to two.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired what
was the pay of the engrossing clerks?
The SPEAKER replied, fifteen hundred dollars
a year.
Mr. DANIEL declined to modify the resolution
as suggested by Mr. Jones, on the ground (as the
reporter understood) that the number of cieiks
designated in the resolution was lequistte to the
completion of the work within twelve months.
Mr. DUNHAM inquired oft he Speaker, whether
it would be m order to call for the reading of the
letter which had oeen communicated by the Clerk
of the House on the subject?
The SPEAKER said, unanimous consent would
be required.
Objection having been made, the letter was not
read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether it would be in order to move an amend-
ment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question.
The question on the demand for the previous
question was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes
85, noes not heard.
But no quorum voted.
Tellers weie ordered, and Messrs. Waldo and
Duncan were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood in favor of the demand for the previous
question 99, noes not counted.
So there was a second. And the main question
(on the adoption of the resolution) was ordered to
be now taken.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on the
main question; which were refused.
Mr. J. moved that the lesolution be laid on the
table.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid upon the table.
And then the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DANIEL moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Oidered accordingly.
INTERCOURSE WITH INDIAN TRIBES, &C.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
by unanimous consent, the bill from the Senate
entitled "An act to extend the benefits of the act
to regulate inteicourse with the Indian tribes, and
to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved 30th
June, 1834, to the people of the State of Texas
and others, was taken up, lead a fitst and second
time by us title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
THE TEXAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. BOYD. 1 hope that the House, by unan-
imous con&ent, will agree to make the bill in lela-
tion to the Texan boundary the special order from
day to day until it shaJl have been disposed of.
My object is, to make it the special order for every
day until final action has been taken upon it, even j
to the exclusion of the business of the morning !
hour. {
Mr. BOWLIN objected.. j
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to submit the motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested to
the gentleman to modify his motion to make the
bili the special order at twelve o'clock each day.
Mr. BOYD. 1 move to suspend the rules, and
do not modify my motion at present.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that if the rules
are suspended, it will be beyond the power of the
gentleman to modify his motion, as it will then ba
in possession of the House.
Mr. BOYD. I move, then, that the bill be made
the special order for to morrow at twelve o'clock,
and on each succeeding day at twelve o'clock,
until disposed of.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the bill did not
come up as unfinished business every day, after
the morning hour had expired?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already deci-
ded that it is the unfinished business, and first in
Older upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ViNTON was understood to say that there
was no necessity, then, for making it a special or-
der.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BOYD submitted the motion indicated, to
make the Texas boundary bill the special order at
twelve o'clock to-morrow, and each succeeding
day until disposed of.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired, in case the
motion was figreed to, whether it would be in or-
der to refer the bill to the Committee of ihe Whole
on the slate of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be. This resolution does not contiol the action of
the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to say, that if the bill were made-the special
order, it could be referred, and wouid continue the
special oider in committee.
The question was taken, and the motion of Mr.
Boyd was agreed to.
So the Texas boundary bill from the Senate was
made the special order for to-morrow, and every
subsequent day, at twelve o'clock, until disposed
of.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked leave to~
offer the folio wing, lesolution; which wa3 read for
information:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That ihe President of
j the Senate and the Speaker oi ihe House of Representatives
| adjourn their re^pveuve Houses, bine die, on the touoli
j Monday oi September next at twelve o'clock, m.
j Objection being made,
[ Mr. HARRIS moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to offer the resolution; and he demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " shall the rules be suspended ?"
was then taken, and resulted—yeas 105, nays 86;
as follow:
YEAS— Messrs. Albnitson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, Aveiett, Baker, Bayly, Bingham, Bow,ion, Bo^d,
Breck, Albeit G. Brown, William J. Bro n, BueJ, Burt,
Thomas B. Butler, Jo>eph Cable, Geoige A. Caldwell,
: Joseph P. Caidweh, Clingmao, W. R. W. Cotih, Ciowell,
Daniel, Dhbi rry, Dickey, Ditmmek, lidirtiirid-on, J£wntg,
Feathers-ton, FiicIk Fowler, G<>iry, G'ddu.jrs, Giimwre, Gor-
uuu, Green, Hall, Har<il.-on, fMilan, I-ha «. G. Hari is, Samp-
son W. H.iriis>, iiawnond, JJoagland, Ilolhu^, Holmes,
Howard, Hubhuid, Jngc, Joseph W. Jackson, Amlievv John-
son, Jrimeb L Johnson, Kobeit W. Johnson, Joinjs, Julian,
La Sfeie, Lufflei, LmlefiWd. Job M.uiu, M.us-hall, iVih>cia,
;YIe!)oiiaid, Mi Dotvell. Mi Gauglu'.v, Robert M AicLaoe,
Finis E- Mi-Lean, McMullen, Mctiueeii, MeVViihe, Ah ade,
Millson, Mom>, Mor^e, Morton, Newtll, O.d-, O/r. Otis,
Ow.'iu, Parker, Powell, ltohmson, Ro-s, Savage, Srhenek,
Seddon, Shcpperd, Frederick P. Stanton. Richaid il Siau-
ton, TliaridfUsi Stevens, Sw e* tsn, I'lioma?, Jacob Thomp-
son, Jamet Thompson. John B. Thompson, Toomhy, Tuck,
V;in D>ke, Venable, Wall.ice, W.itkins, Wellborn, Wlut-
tle>fc>, Williams, rtnd Woodward—ll>5.
NAYS —Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Bennett, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Brook-, Burrow.-, Cncster Bmler, Campbell,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Claike, Cole, Co( ger, Corwin,
DiMiey, Dixon, Doty, Dunr, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Eliot, iVaihau Evans, Fuller, Gemry, G>ut, Gould, Gunnel!,
Halloway, Htuimond, Heniy, Iiihbud, Hnhard, iiowe,
Hunter, VVil.iam T. Jackson, Kerr, George G King, James
G King, John A. King, Proton Kiua, Uornce Mann, Matte-
son, jMeClemaud, MeKissock, M-acinim, Moore, Nelson,
O^le.Ouil.ivv, Pea>lee, Peck, Pm tp,. Phoenix, Pitman, Pot-
ter, Pu'nam, itred, Reynolds, R>blun>, Rockwell, Root,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Scnermeriioiu, Si'hoot-
crafr,SpanldHig, Spra«ne, Stan I v, Sutsmn, Tayh>i,Thui-ma ,
Underbill, Vinton, Walden, W.tldo, VVentwortn, White,
Wildrick, VVn&on, and Young—d<5.
| So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
| rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
i not received.
I THE TEXAN BOUNDARY.
I Mr. BOYD moved a reconsideration of the vote
' by which the Texan boundary bill had been made
