1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GL0BE.
m
therefore, under no consideration, support the reso-
lution. But the general interests of the country,
the ship-buijding and shipping interests, enter-
tained even a stronger interest in the resolution
than the hemp interest, reported by the gentleman
from Missouri and other gentlemen. Now, he
•wanted to understand from the gentleman from
Missouri whether his opposition to the resolution
was a simpje opposition to Billings, and whether
the contest was simply a contest between Bil-
lings and some other contractor? or whether his
purpose was to prevent this system of contracts
for the supply of the navy for a series of years,
and to put the navy, where the commercial men
of the country were—to oblige the Secretary of
the Navy to buy hemp in open market as the ship-
builders did? He wanted to know precisely the
object to which the gentleman "was directing his
attention, and the attention of the House.
Mr. BOWLIN replied that he was in favor of
the open maiket system certainly—that was what
he could accomplish if he would; but, secondly,
if the House determined to maintain the contract
system, he did not want them to manufacture it
into a four year's monopoly. He was in favor of
the open market system certainly, and he con-
curred in opinion with the Secretary of the Navy,
that under that system sufficientquantities of hemp
could be procured for the use of the navy from
the farmers of the West, of a quality superior to
that of foreign hemp. He would read another
extract from the report of the Secretary on this
point:
"The opinion is entertained, thai if the Government will
make known its willingness and determination to putehase
American water-rotted hemp alone, if it can be procuied
at a puce not exceeding the average price paid for the last
five .years for foreign hemp, quantities adequate to ihp wants
of thft navy, and of a qu ihty superior to the foreign hemp,
would be piepared and ottered by the tanners of tne VVc^t,
at such point* as would suit the convenience of the Gov-
ernment."
He concurred fully in the views of the Secretary
of the Navy here expressed. But if the Jiouse
were determined to continue the contract system,
let them maintain it as they did for other supplies—
let contracts be made for the amount required at
the time, and let them not give a running contract
for a series of years, which would have the effect
to hold in vassalage the producers during that
series of years, and forever shut them out of the
market. He thought the gentleman from Mary-
land would understand him now. The Govern-
ment! now had hemp agencies at St. Louis and
Louisville, and the agents had nothing in the world
to do but to receive the hemp from Billmgs, who
stood between the producer and the agent of the
Government.
Some further conversation occurred between
Mr. McLANE and Mr. BOWLIN, in which
Mr McLANE, seemingly not entnely satisfied
with Mr. B.'s explanation, proceeded to say, that
if the gentleman from Missouri meant by free
trade and an open market a privilege on the
part of the Sectetary of the Navy to take his
agents, without making known to the country,
what where the wants of the Navy, and go and buy
of his favorite traders what he wanted, he (Mr.
McL.) repudiated such free trade. But if the
gentleman's plan was, that the Secretary of. the
Navy, when a certain quantity of hemp was
wanted for the navy, should advertise for that
quantity, and invite bids for that quantity, he con-
curred with that gentleman. This was free trade
and an open market. Any other system would
inevitably lead to corruption.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (in his seat,)
said that was just what the Secretary of the Navy
had done. But he would not take the bids now
that he had got them.
Mr. McLANE replied that he would leave
these contracts with the Secretary of the Navy.
The Secretary ought to have the authority to
reject these bids, and the House should not un-
dertake to come in between the bidders and the
Secretary. It would require a very strong Case—
the facts should be clear to justify the House in
interposing ~
Mr. BOWLIN went on to condemn this mode
of coercing the Secretary of the Navy into com-
pliance with a contract, which he regarded as in-
consistent with the interests of the country, by
means of resolutions. He inquired who it was
that came heie and asked for the resolution now
asked to be reconsidered? The growers of the
hemp did not ask it. He insisted that as the Sec-
retary of the Navy had power to make or reject
this contract, it was proper that the matter should
be left in his hands. The Secretary had, in this
case, repudiated the contract; and now a resolution
was reported, sternly commanding him to enter
into this contract with Billings. The propriety of
adopting this resolution was advocated on the
ground of precedent; but he denied the applicabil-
ity of any former action of Congress to this case.
Here a proposition is made to give a contract for
a number of years to come, and the contractor
comes here to compel the Secretary to accede to
his wishes.
Mr. HOUSTON (Mr. BowLiNyielding the floor
for the purpose) desired to ask a question. He
had been absent from his seat, and had not had
an opportunity to hear the discussions on the sub-
ject. He desired to ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri what reasons had been urged by the Secre-
tary of the Navy for his refusal to compjy with
this contract with Billings?
Mr. BOWLIN (resuming) replied, that the rea-
sons were fully stated in the report of the Secre-
tary. They were, in the first place, that the man-
ner of putting in for the contract, on ihe part of
the contractor, was illegal; and in the second place,
that he was invested with authority, under the
resolution of Congress, to accept or reject the con-
tract according to his discretion. These were the
two reasons assigned by him in his report.
Mr. B. went on to state that the farmers of the
hemp-growing region understood their own inter-
ests, and would not be found disposed to give the
monopoly of their great staple to any single indi-
vidual. They well know that if their hemp was
to be bought up for the use of Government, by
this self-constituted agent, the amount made by
his speculation would be so much deducted from
thpir proper profits.
He did not intend to set himself up to defend
the Secretary of the Navy. He approved of hts
notions of free trade in reference to this staple;
but he expiessed his astonishment that the Whig
portion of the naval committee should have been
so ready to throw contempt on their own Secre-
tary of the Navy. He could never be guilty of
such an act; and he was astonished to hear the
gentleman from Ohio, and the gentleman from
New York, standing forth as peculiarly assiduous
in advocating ihe passage of this resolution, which
overrides, and controls, and coeices the Secretary
of the Navy. He was surprised to see that the
Secretary had so few defenders on this floor.
This appeared to him to be very strange. He
asked what particular interest there could be which
was at stake—what interest had the North which
led the gentleman from the city of New York to
treat the decision of the Secretary of the Navy
with contempt? The history of the Government
would not produce a similar instance of a con-
tractor who, because his contract, was not re-
ceived, had come to this House to cast reproach
on the conduct of the officer who had refused to
contract with him, as was done by the resolution
now before ihe House.
Mr. STANTON made some explanation.
Mr. BOWLIN then adverted to ihe odious prac-
tice which had sprung up of petsons who were
seeking for contracts, lounging about the halls of
Congress to further their own speculative objects.
He wanted to see something like an end of this piac-
tice. The hemp-growers wanted to see a time when
they could come with their production into market,
to meet only an open and a fair competition. The
effect of this resolution would be to drive the pro-
ducer out of market, and to perpetuate a system
by which speculative individuals can obtain a mo-
nopoly, which they may use to the injury of those
of our fellow citizens who are too much engaged
in planting and cultivating this staple, to find time
to attend here for the puipose of hunting up con-
tracts. Thfs hanging about Congress, and hunting
members from room to room, in scarch of contracts,
had become as much a profession as that of the law
or of medicine. We may look on, and regret that
this should be the case, and it is not in our power
to prevent it.  
He regarded the duty of making these contracts
as properly assigned to the department at the other
end ot the avenue. We ought to have sufficient
confidence in their fidelity and discretion to induce
us to discourage attempts to obtain the interfer-
ence of Congress whenever a contractor is disap-
pointed. He trusted the time of Congress could
be more profitably employed than in deciding t&e
question whether this or that man should -supply
the wood required for our fuel; and so ib refer-
ence to any other contract. Be hope?d,the Hjouse
would not bte induced, to sanction any.effort which
might be made to take t,he business of making our
contracts out of the hands of those officers ot' the
Government to whom it had been confided.
The SPEAKER now announced the expiration
of the allotted hour, and gave the floor to
Mr. SACKETT, who called for the reading of
the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to inquire
whether the morning hour had not expired ?
The SPEAKER said it had expired.
A brief conversation followed on a point of or-
der between Mr. Johnson and the Speakek.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the House resolve
inself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. SACKETT claimed the floor, and said
that he did not yield it to the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] to make that motion.
Mr. THOMPSOiN, of Mississippi, inquired of
the Speaker whether the time, during which the
debate had been going on to-day, was the morning
hour ?
The SPEAKER aoseMed.
Mr. THOMPSON. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. THOMPSON. Then I submit to the
Chair that, as the morning hour has expired, it is
the right of any member to call for the regular
order of business, which is, the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, whether any gen-
tleman has the floor or not. *
The SPEAKER said, he would dispose of the
question of order. He was understood (though
turning toward Mr. T. he was doubtfully heard
on the left of the Chair) to refer to a decision
which he had made on the same point some time
since. At the expiration of the morning hour, (the
Speaker said) it was in oider for any member,
whether Che floor was held by another member or
not, to claim it for the purpose of moving ihat the
House proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, and to the orders of the day. But a gentle-
man could not take the floor fiom another member
for any other purpose; and in the opinion of the
Chair, even that could not be done if the member
held the floor at the time upon a privileged ques-
tion; and a motion to reconsider,-being a motion
of that character, was in order during the morn-
ing hour as well as any other portion of the day.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, I desire to
put one question to the Chair. If I now call for
the regular order of business, will not the subject
now under debate pass over, and will not the
House proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's tabie?
The SPEAKER said, that motion would be in
order, if any other than a privileged question were
pending; but being a privileged question, the mo-
tion could not be entertained so long as another
gentleman was on the floor.
Mr. SACKETT then called for the reading of
the resolution; which was read.
Mr. S. then proceeded to say, that, it was well,
in examining a proposition of this kind, to inquire
how it came heie? Who were the men who had
been the moving, opera tins: causes of the intro-
duction of the resolution ? Did not the Secretary
of the Navy require it? Had he asked that such
a proposition should be adopted'1 It had been
said, that Mr. Billings had nothing in particular
to do with the matter—that it was for the benefit
of the navy. How so? Had the navy required
it? He understood it to be in direct opposition to
the decision of the Navy Department, and to
what that department regarded as the best inter-
ests of the navy. It amounted simply to this,
that a contractor, or a man who had made a prop-
osition for a contract, under a resolution or law
previously existing, and whose proposition had
been rejected, came here, and asked this House to
override the decision of the department having
legitimate charge of the matter, and to force it to
take a contract substantially the same as that
which the department had rejected. Now, the
Committee on Naval Affairs had reported in favor
of giving this individual the contract, not for the
whole amount of hemp required by the navy, but
for a portion of it. That was extraordinary. Did
