1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 2,
are of small-importance, will be one continued suo
cession of plantations, lawns, villas, and gardens,
such as now exist without interruption from Baton
Rouge down, which never can be forgotten by any
citizen who has seen them, and which combines so
much that is beautiful and grand with so much of
utility and value, that it is equally the admiration
of the lover of nature and man of taste, and of the
philosopher and political economist. There is no
doubt, I presume—though the report does not
show that fact as to other States as in Louisiana—
that, on an average, as much of this overflowed
land has been sold by the Government in each of
the States of Mississippi, Arkansas, and Missouri
as in the first-named State; and if this be the case,
it would show that more than six millions of dol-
lars have been received by the Govemrcvent from
land thus reclaimed, which otherwise would not
have been sold. To this might be added large
quantities of the same kind of land sold in Illinois,
and some in Indiana.
Surely the United States can afford, and is mor-
ally bound? to make some indemnity for the vast
sums thus received from the inhabitants and the
States occupying these lands. In the days of their
prosperity they did not ask it; they would not do
it now if misfortune had not come upon them, and
in consequence of their own exertions, from which
that great power from which they now seek relief
has derived so much advantage.
To show that these are not the partial or inter-
ested views of a citizen of the State to be bene-
fited, 1 refer again to the able report of Mr. Wil-
son, which has been sent in by the Secretary of
the Interior in his late report. After discussing
the improvements necessary to prevent these an-
nual inundations, he proceeds:
«It i3 true that these improvements will he expensive.
The amount of the cost I have not attempted to edculate;
nor can it be done with any degree of accuracy till the ne-
cessary surveys have been made. It has been supposed that
it may amount to six or ten millions ot dollars. Admittrng
that it will cost the greatersum,or even double that amount,
the expense would be of no consideration in comparison to
the benefits that would flow from it.
" The destruction of property and crops this season, by
the overflow, has been estimated to amount to five or seven
millions of dollars, a recurienee of which can hereafter hp
prevented by these improvement*. Moreover, about three
or four millions of acres of land will be reclaimed ; which,
otherwise, would continue to be valueless. Thono lands
are as fruitful as any in the world, and by ptopcr cultivation
would yield abundant crops of sugar and cotton, the gieat
staples of the South. This increase ot the>« aitichs,' ac-
cording to the laws of trade, would rednre the price of
them and thus all the citizens of the United State* would
be so tar benefited.
"The expense of making these improvements,as already
stated, will be very heavy; much more, hi f.u t, th.m can be
realized from the munificent grant made by Congress to aid
in this object, howevei liberally ihatgr.int may be construed.
The balance must be rriiyrd by taxing the inhabitants—who
have already contuhnted millions "for this puipose, and
whose means have been seriously impaired by the disasters
of the past and present years—unless Con%re$$, regarding
Hhe matter in Us true light, as one of national importance,
should further extend the grant for this purpose, so as to in-
clude all the public lamls in the Siale^ which, in view of all the
circumstances of the ruse, I respectfully recommend.
  The whole qtiebtion, it seems to ine, ha* resolved itself
into the alternative that relief must, be speedily extended,
or the low landa of Louisiana abandoned. The latter alter-
native would be ruinous to thousands, who have spent tor-
tunes m puiciuswg and improwng those lands; and, by re-
ducing the amount ot the annual crop of Misar and cotton
m our country, would increase the price ot those aiticle-;—
compel us to depend, for the deficiency thus caused, on for-
eign countries, and prove seriously inconvenient to a great
, number of our citizens."
These statements and recommendations of the
report naturally suggest the following considera-
tions, among others:
1st. That the important object of preventing
these overflows cannot be accomplished without a
further grant, in addition to that already made,
even though the most liberal construction be placed
on that grant.
That grant (the act iff 1849) was thought ade-
quate to the state of things that then existed. But
since that time two of the greatest overflows that
have ever occurred have taken place. The whole
state of the question has been changed. It hns
bfen found that the evil is much greater, and wiil
reqtiiie much larger means to prevent it, than was
then contemplated. Besides, the nature of thes 
evils are such as to render that grant necessarily
unavailable for a long time, indeed, until the work
is completed which is now so necessary.
If you will as-sist us then in our piesent misfor-
tunes, you must not confine your grants to the
lands to be reclaimed, but give us something that
may sooner he made available. To give us^these
lands and nothing else, under the cinjumstanccs
would be like sending otherspetitioners for relief
from the'Government to dive and seardh the bot-
tom of the sea for property lost in the unfortunate
Missouri steamer, or other national wrecked
vessels.
The grant, then,made by the act of 1849, ought
not to be urged, and I fee! sure will not be urged
as an argumentagamst the relief now sought. So
the proper department of the Executive branch of
the Government considered it, and so I hope will
Congress consider it.
The report shows' how much the nation at large
is interested in this question, because if these over-
flows continue the production of the great staples
of sugar and cotton will be reduced and the price
enhanced to the consumers. The writer might
have added other considerations on this point. It
is a low estimate to suppose that the sugar crop of i
Louisiana for the present year was diminished by [
the overflow fifty thousand hogsheads, worth j
$2,500,000,and that the cotton crop was diminished j
one hundred thousand bales, worth §4,000,000; j
and that the injury to plantations, and stock, and !
the expenses to rebuild the broken levees, will be !
$9.500,000 more. This would make the loss I
$9,000,000; and if we add half the amount for the i
year previous, which is too low, we have a loss of [j
§13,500,000 in little more than a year. How great
must be the injury of such a loss as this to our for-
eign commerce, and consequently to our revenue
from customs, our navigation, and our exchanges.
How great must it dimmish the sales of our manu-
factures to theplanteis thus injured, and our in-
ternal navigation and commerce. Hovvgieatly must
the destruction of so much capital depreciate the
value of all property all over the Union. I leave
others to make these estimates; bat none can doubt
the loss to all would be great, and that it would not ||
be confined to Louisiana, though she might feel it
first and most.
But this is not all: these injuries relate to the
country; but there is another which relates to
the city of New Orleans, in which the nation
and the people of the whole Mississippi Valley
are more interested. Though in Louisiana, New
Orleans is in fact the city of the great West
and Southwest; all these are inteiested in it alike.
It is as mach the city of the inhabitants of Ken-
tucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mississippi, Ten- I
ncssee, Missouri, and Arkansas, as of Louisiana, j
It was one thud of it overflowed in 1849, and per- I
haps the overflow of the whole of it in 1850 was I
prevented only by a fortunate accident—the great
Bonne Cane cievasse. Who can calculate' the
destruction of property that such a calamity would
produce? Consider, sir, that at high water the
river is some feet above the level^of the city, and
this increases as you go back ; that, in addition to
all the millions worth of cotton, sugar, tobacco,
provisions, &c., always in store at the season of
the year when these overflows occur, in her thou-
sandsof warehoases, nearly all of it belonging to the
people of other States—the wharves at this season
being literally covered by whole acres of Biese ar- j
tides, and with as much more of merchandise that i
has been brought in by sea; consider, I say, that
all may be swept away in one night or in one hour,
and then you may fosm some idea of what would \
be the consequences of an overflow of .New Or-
leans. And think, too, of the thousands of capi- I
tahsts interested in her real estate,and in her hun- !|
dreds of steamers and ships, and of the thousands 'I
of individuals dependent for a daily support on the 'I
great commercial wants of that emporium of the ,1
West, and you may then, and not till then, form
some inadequate idea of the destruction that would ; [
be caused by the submersion of New Orleans. I i
cannot describe it, and its effects would not cease i
for years. 1
So much for the oveifiow, and the damage !
caused by it. 1 shall now proceed to examine the i
extent arid value of the land proposed to be ceded ,1
by the hill. The Commissioner of the General .1
Land Office, in his report to the Secretary of the
Interior, recently made on this subject, says: j;
" Of the lands which will remain the piopcrty of the Gov-
eminent, idler (heswamp and overflowed lands, gianted by '!
tin- act ot dd March, IS-i9, shad have been certified lo the |!
but!*, It IS estimated- - I
That 4,70!),CO.') acre<  have been hi market 10 years.
" 949,413 " *l n 20 "
" 2.0U(),(;0'J   « « go a
rhi=? exclusive of the hind-* in the Green^hurg district.
I ne reason for excluding these iand=s from this statement is,
that they cannot be clarified with the other public lands,
tue whole ot ilic surveys having been reported as fradqlent
in 1837, and a iPsurvey of the landsand the refunding of the
money ordered for those which had beer* sokl by the act of
23th Augttst, 1842."
The 4,#21.130 acres of private land claims un-
adjusted in the Stale, and 257,277 acres grant*')
by the act of 1841 yet unlocated, might be art off-
set against the unappropriated land in Greensbufg
district, if it were not sufficient to say that th-e
resurvey of it would be worth more than what
remains unappropriated.
When we consider that the length of the gulf
and lake coast in Louisiana is 1,059 miles, where
the aea marsh is more shan- aft average of a miie
wide, which is perfectly worthless, and" examine
the map which accompanies the report, showing
the extent of the swamp lands, and reflect that all,
except the more valueless lands, were long since
brought fnto market, it may fa>rly be assumed that
the quantity mentioned in this extract (7,649,413
acres) is the whole amount of the cession em-
braced by the bill that is of any vah>e7attof which
has been in market more than ten years, and
much of it for more than thirty.
Of these lands the Commissioner in his report
gives this description:
"The general character of those lands, from an
tion ot the field notes, appears to he poor, scarce Jy avera-
ging sreowd ami thud qualify. The, timber if* chiefly pine;
some good lands, even first-rate, are *eported on-the water
courses and approaching the 'saftmarsfr/ oh which the
timber ?s oak, hickory, beecfc, gum, cypress, &c., bat mosi
if not all these have been sold, or are covered by private
claim® s and it is believed that the unsold lands may be char-
acterized as pine iand:?, tros  the secoad quality down to
very poor,"
And in another statement? worthy of foil confi-
dence, we are told:
"The expenditures that will be required by the Govern-
ment to correct the erroneous surveys in thai State, to com-
plete the unfinished surveys, and to settle? tire fand tit?es,
will probably cost ir?ore liian will be received from the
sales of the lands m future. The overflowed lands having
1 een granted to the State, those that remain are chiefly poor
pine lands, of n hick jn'ohabhj not one thousand acres mil be
so'd in ienyeurs.,,
<  From ttee experience of the pa^t it rsto be rnferied, as
probable, at least, that most of the old surveys will h ive to
be reeurveyed. This wrtl <t h^dvy item of expense on
the General Government, and will prohabiv cr>st more thais
will be realized from all the vacant tends that remain the
property of the Genera! Government.
" On examining the map of Loui-iana, now nearly com-
pleted for the House of Representatives, it i> perceived (hag
very few sales have been made in the part that still reiaains
the'propertv «>f the General Government."
These opinions are confirmed by the tables ir>
the appendix to the report of the Commissioner at
the last session of Congress, and his report at the
present session. From these it appears thai the
sales of the public lands in Louisiana for the last
five years have been as follows, (one quarter esti-
mated :)
In 1845 87,497 acres.
184 6 73,846 «
184 7 90,694 "
1848  . 145,590 "
184 9 58,945 "
446,573 "
Average per annum, 89.314 acres, making, at one
dollar asvd a quarter per acre, $111,662 annually.
The estimates for the next fiscal year are for sur-
veys and other expenses in Louisiana....§81,412
Add to this salaries and expenses of four
land districts in that State  5,000
And its portion of expenses of Genera! Land
Office  10,190
Will show the expenses for Louisiana for
that year $96,602
or nearly as much as the annual average of re-
ceipts for the hist five >ears, and more than it will
probably be in future* becanse'no new land of value
will be brought tn?o market in future in that Srate.
Indeed, little land has been for the last ten years,
and the land therein being either very supeiior or
very inferior, the superior hind is all sold at first,
and very little afterwards. This position is sin-
gularly fortified by another view of the subject,
taken from the valuable tables before referred to.
From these it appears that the whole amount
received from the sale of the public lands in Loui-
siana is $4,0^6,394, which, for the forty-^ix years
nearly that the United States have had possession
of that country, would be an average of $88,745 per
annum, or just about equal to the usual annual
expenses of the land system in Louisiana. And if
to this wc add the expenses incuried by the Gov-
ernment for the adjustment of land claims in that
