1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the State of Tennessee was performed by " sixty
days' men,"a8 they were called. The Indians
were near at hand, and perhaps some of the most
decisive battle?, against the Creeks especially,
were fought by sixty days' men from Tennessee,
and perhaps from Georgia too. I know ihere
was great suffering in those campaigns from, the
poor supply of provisions, and there were some
very bloody battles fought. I should think that
when the Government proposes to grant bounty
land to those who served for three months, they
ought also to include these sixty days' men, who
perhaps rendered quite as effective service to the
country. I make the suggestion in order that the
Senator from Illinois may so alter his amendment.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the Senator from Hii-
nois will so shape his amendment as to include
these men. Effective services were rendered by these
sixty days' men in the Indian war. I believe that
those who suffered most durihg those campaigns,
both in battle and from the want of provisions and
the other necessaries of life, were men who only
served for sixty days. I hope the Senator will so
frame his amendment as to include those who were
called out for sixty days and served during the
whole of their terms. In no instance would a man
receive bounty land unless he had been honorably
discharged, but I think that those who were called
out by the Government for sixty days, and suf-
fered all the privations and hardships of these cam-
paigns, ought to have forty acres of bounty land.
Mr. SHIELDS. It seems that I have been j
unfortunate tn my explanations; it is my wish to 1
accomplish just the very thins; which the gentle-
man from Tennessee and his colleague desire, i
This bill, as stated by the Senator from Missis- j
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] will embrace two classes of j
men. The six months' men will scarcely be j
touched by the bill, but it will embrace those who !
served for twelve months, and those called out for i
three months. Now, those colled out for twelve !
months, as we all know, were mustered out of ser- !
vice before they had performed twelve months ser- 1
vice. Some served eleven months, som<' ten, and ,
some, as stated by the Senator from Kentucky, !
only eight months. Well, we cannot graduate it '
to suit every month and every day. That is im-
possible. So it is with regard to the three months' 1
men.
Mr. BELL. I was speaking of sixty days' ■
men.
Mr. SHIELDS. They were called out for three j
months, as 1 understand, but only served sixty '
days. ;
Mr. BELL. No; they were called out for sixty ,
days. I
Mr. SHIELDS. At all events, my object is to ;
give bounty lands to all classes of men. Now, j
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi would be most effective, because under ;
it all who volunteered for twelve months would
get one hundred and sixty acres, and all who vol- i
unteered for three months would get forty acres, i
and so on; but unfortunately that question was 1
discussed in the House, and I understand that if ;
such an amendment be made, the bill would never ;
pass the House. They have contended there that :
it ought to be restricted to service alone; and I I
have endeavored to change the phraseology of the :
bill as little as possible, and only make the bill !
effective, as it was intended by the committee. If i
any gentleman offers an amendment more effect- i
ive than my own I will accept it. I have no !
eaithly object but to make the bill effective. i
Mr. TURNEY. I will make one suggestion in i
relation to the amendment. I understand that the ;
Senator from Illinois proposes so to amend the bill
as to allow to the soldier who enlisted for twelve \
months, but was honorably discharged before the <
expiration of his term, bounty for that period; and J
also to the man who entered the service for three j
months, but was honorably discharged before the s
expiration of that time, bounty for that time. ,
Now, to carry out the principle of doing equal jus- I
tice to all, I desire that he should make a similar !
provision that the man who went into the service ;
for six months, and was honorably discharged be- j
fore the expiration of that term, should be allowed ;
the bounty provided by the bill for the man who ;
served six months, placing the six months' men i
on the same equality and footing ihat you place !
the three and twelve months' men. Now, I know ,
myself that in the last Indian campaign in Florida j
General Jackson ever undertook, thfe mert were |
mustered Into the service for six months, but were
discharged some days before the expiration of that
term. I think they ought to have their eighty
acres of land, and be treated the same as you pro-
pose to treat the twelve and three months' men. I
ask the Senator from Illinois so to frame his
amendment as to make the same equitable provis-
ion for the man who entered the service for three
months, and did not serve out that time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not exactly satisfied
with the amendment in the shape in which it is
now presented, and yet 1 find great difficulty in
putting it in shape as will satisfy my own mind.
My object is precisely the same as that of my col-
league. The difficulty is to shape the amendment
so as to accomplish that object. 1 have written
one which I will read, as it is possible it may ap-
proximate to it. It is in these words: «
" That those who engaged to seive for a period of twelve
months or more, and who actually reived nine months,
shall receive one- hundred and Mxtv acrc-s, those who en-
gaged to serve for a period of fix months or more, and seived
tour months, shall receive eighty acre*-; and tho&e who en-
gaged to serve for any or an indefinite period, and served
one month, shall receive foity acres." #
Mr. SHIELDS. I will accept that as a substi-
tute for my amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. My attention has been called
to a question in relation to this bill, about which
I desire to get sume information from the chairman
of the committee, and from the military gentlemen
of the House. It is suggested to me on behalf of
the marines who served in the war of Great Brit-
ain, of 1812, that the language of this bill includes
them. If so I presume it was unintentional.
The PRESIDENT. That relates to a different
part of the bill than the section to which the amend-
ment is now pending. The Senator can bring it
up after the amendment is disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD. I thought it was disposed of.
The PRESIDENT then stated the question to
be on the amendment offered by Mr. Douglas, to
come in in the 15th line of the 1st section, striking
out the words " for twelve months' service to one
hundred and sixty acres of land; for six months'
service to eighty acres of land; and for three
months'to forty acres of land.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am perfectly willing to agree
to that amendment, though it goes _a great deal
further than I intended to go. However, it is all
the same to me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am sorry that my
friend's amendment does not provide for my case.
His amendment is, that if any one engaged to
serve twelve months and then served nine months,
he shall have one hundred and sixty acres of land;
but suppose he served nine months upon a shorter
engagement than twelve, he does not get the one
hundred and sixty acres then. It does not provide
for my case. It requires, according to thi-* amend-
ment, that he shall have engaged to serve twelve
months, and then serve nine, to get the land.
Now, I would like to have the amendment so
framed, that if he had served nine months on a
shorter engagement than twelve, he would get one
hundred and twenty acres at least, if not one hun-
dred and sixty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I supposed in the
cases referred to by the Senator, the volunteers had
enlisted for during the war, and that is a period
longer than twelve months.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That would be an in-
definite period, and would be worse than ever; for
then, according to my construction of the amend- ;
ment, they would only get forty acres I want
the amendment to be so framed, if it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate, as to include the class of cases
mentioned by Captain Cox.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. "For twelve
months or during the war" will do it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, that will cover every-
thing.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Illinois so modify his amendment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yea, sir; I will modify it so
as to read u for twelve months or during the war,"
instead of " for twelve months or more."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the Sen-
ator from Illinois provides for a danger that is
more imaginary than real. The twelve months'
men, who were discharged just before the expira-
tion of their service, were ali mustered out at the
date which completed their twelve months, and
very few of them if you compute the rate of travel
at twenty miles a day front the place they were
mustered out to their residences, * would ha'vtf
reached their homes within the twelve rhonthsr.
They may have reached hoifie before that; bat
they had a right to travel at the rate of twenty
miles a day to the place of their original enroll-
ment; and at that computation I think you will
find that, in most cases, if not in all, the soldier
was twelve months in service. Then the only
voucher for the length of time of actual service is
the final muster roll, on which they were dis-
charged, and that would show twelve months'in
^service. But there is a great number of cases ex-
cluded by the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas]—cases in which
I they enrolled for twelve months, and perhaps in
| the first three months were wounded and dis-
j charged for disability. The merit is as high,
| surely, as if they had served twelve months, if,
j by casualty in battle, they were 'wounded and
necessarily discharged. Now, I am not willing
to exclude this class; and I think the period of en-
gagement is tHte only true period by which to meas-
ure the amount of land to be given. If a man
was engaged for twelve months, he must have bro-
ken up his business at home, and made his arrange-
ments for ^velve months; and if he returns within
that period, wounded, he will probably linger; an
invalid during the whole twelve months. I, for
one, am entirely opposed to reducing the quantity
of land to be granted to him, if it is to be granted
at all. I think he should receive the same quan-
tity as his comrades, whose better fortune may
have preserved them for the whole term.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to ask the
Senator fw>m Mississippi, or those better informed
on the.subject than I am, whether there were any
persons who entered the service for a period be-
tween twelve and nine months, or if they all en-
tered the service for as lwg as twelve months ? The
amendment, as it now stands, would embrace the
eases Captain Cox speaks of here precisely ; but if
there was any such thing as entering the service
for between nine and twelve months, and ail those
spoken of in the letter served nine or ten months,
they would still be excluded. But I suppose there
is no such thing as entering for an intermediate
time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The law enacted
soon after the declaration of the war with Mexico
required that the volunteers should be raised- for
twelve months. Previous to that, some volunteers,
enlisted some for six and some for three months,
had gone out, but they could not be received, be-
cause the law said specifically that they must be
engaged for twelve months. Consequently they
were discharged, except such as were retained
under the old militia act for three months, and re-
newed their engagement so as to serve for six
months. But there was no such term as six
months; only the old militia term of three months,
and the term provided for by the law raising vol-
unteers for the Mexican war of twelve months of
during the war. These were the only terms.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In reply to the suggestion
of the Senator from Mississippi relative to those
who were discharged for wounds or diseases prior
to the expiration of the period of their engage-
ment, I understood my colleague [Mr. Shields]
to intimate that he is going to offer an amendment
to provide for cases of that description. I concur
entirely in the views taken by the Senator from
Mississippi of the propriety of doing it. I merely
want to suggest that, unless this language is
adopted, or something that will accomplish the
same effect, great injustice will be done. Two
regiments from my own State, who fought at Bue-
na Vista, were discharged about ten days before
the expiration of their term of service.
Mr. DAVIS. They were mustered out at the
end of twelve months. The muster-roll will show
them twelve months in service.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One of their officers, who
was at my side a minute or two ago, thinks dif-
ferently. Then, sir, during another war, with
which the Senator from Mississippi, or, at all
events, the Senator from Wisconsin, {Mr. Dodge,]
is very familiar, regiments from my own State
were called into that war, engaged in two battles,
and had to march several hundred miles, and
were ^techarged at the end of two months and
twenty-two days.
Mr. DAVIS. They were called out for three
months, though.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the muster-roil shows
