1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
1735
United States to the States respectively in which
they are situated.
Mr. MANGtXM. If f am in order, T wish to
give notice that f shall move that the Senate go
Into Executive session if this bill shall be post-
poned.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should like very
well to have the amendment first disposed of. *
Mr.-MANGUM. Oh, that can be done to-
morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have a word to
say to the Senator from Georgia. By looking at
the second section of the bill, at about the 19th or
20th lin^, he will find that the widow of (.he de-
ceased soldier is emitted to these lands.
Mr. DAWSON. In the event of her not being-
married asjain.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes, hut it does
not extend to the children. Now, the children of
She soldier would certainly be more destitute at
the death of the mother also, and I am very will-
ing therefore to extend the provisions of the bill
so as to include the surviving children. So far as
his argument was directed to (he case of the
widows of the soldiers, the Senator must see its ap- i;
plication is excluded by the provision of this bill. I!
Another point to which he referred was in rela- li
lion to such officers as ar« members of Congress, 'j
Now, I think that is the best provision in the hill, jj
lam entirely in favor of excluding; members of j!
Congress from the benefit of acts which they may i
pass, and I think it would be well if members of |
Congress were debarred from ever receiving any ;
o£ice which they had, voted to create. I think it !
would tend to purify the legislation of the land. ! !
Lad occasion elsewhere to object to an appointment 1
to office on that ground. I would ask the Senator
from Georgia how any member of the Senate en- j
itled to land under this bill could vote for it, but j
for this exclusion? How could the Senator from
Georgia himself even vote for it? He would be •!
an interested party, and thereby excluded from
voting. Therefore, this is not only a salutary but
a necessary provision. ;
The motion to postpone the further considera- 1
lion of the bill until to-morrow at twelve o'clock
was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HAMLIN. The hour is somewhat lafeto ■
move the special order of the day, and I will ask ,
the Senator from Kentucky, therefore, whether he :
will not yield to a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business?
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make j
that motion ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will, if it is agreeable to the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY. I intimated to the Senator to-day
that if it was insisted upon that we should com-
plete the business commenced in Executive session j
I would not oppose it. Therefore I shall acqui-
esce in any course the Senate may adopt. The j
measure f have in view was set down as the ij
special order for one o'clock,'but that hour has
been passed, and I shall not insist upon it if it is jj
sot agreeable to the Senate. i!
.Mr. HAMLIN. With the consent, therefore, J;
of the Senator from Kentucky, I move that the '■
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
Mr. COOPER. If it be with a view to take up !
the Pennsylvania nominations, I hope the Senate
will not, to-day, resolve itself into Executive ses-
sion.
Several Senators. The Senator is out of order. , j
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to speak |
of what is done in Executive session. j
Mr. COOPER, i was not going to speak as to j
what should be done, but merely to express the ,
hope that the Senate will not go into Executive :
session to-day, nor for three or four days to come. ,
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not allude to what should ;
be jh%proceedings when we got into Executive
session; that will be for the Senate to determine
after the adoption of my motion.
Mr. FOOTE. I merely rise to remark, that
whether my friend from Pennsylvania was in
order or not, the intimation from him is with me
sufficiently significant, and I shall act accordingly.
Mr WALKER. What is the next special
order ?
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill to cede the public lands to the States re-
spectively in which they lie.
Mr. WALKER. So f supposed. Therefore,
if the Senate shall refuse to go into Executive ses-
sion, the Senator from Kentucky will not reach the
bill he has in view.
Mr. CLAY. I shall move to postpone all the
preceding business in that event.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, as moved by Mr. Hamlin,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened—
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, September 3, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
NASHVILLE AND CKATANOOGA RAILROAD.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to take up at this time the
bill from the Senate, No 306, entitled "A bill grant-
in? the right of way and donations of land
through the State of Alabama, for the construc-
tion of a railroad from Nashville to Chatanooga,
Tennessee "
Mr. C. explained, that his object was to take
up the bill with a view to its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. That committee had not
the question before them, and desired to have be-
fore them all matters connected with it.
THE JOURNAL.
Mr. GRINNELL rose and called the attention
of the Chair to one of the votes taken yesterday,
on a motion to suspend the rules, the numerical
result of which seemed to have been erroneously
recorded.
The SPEAKER stated, that an examination
would he made, and that if any error was found,
the correction would be made.
Mr. SILVESTER rose to a correction of the
Journal. On the motion which had been made by
the gentleman from Tennessee {Mr. Harris] to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
a joint resolution providing for the final adjourn-
ment of Congress, his (Mr. S's.) name was not
recorded. He had voted in the negative, and de-
sired that his vote should be so recorded.
The SPEAKER said, the vote would not affect
the result, and, if no objection was made, the gen-
tleman's vote would be recorded.
Ordered accordingly.
And then the Journal was approved.
NASHVILLE AND CHATANOOGA RAIT,ROAD.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, for unanimous consent to
take up this bill, with a view to its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I call for the regular
order of business.
So, objection being made, the motion of Mr.
CoBn was not entertained.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for. It is the call of the committees
for reports.
MANUAL OF THE RULES, &C.
The Home thereupon passed to the regular
order of business, heina; the call of the committee
for reports, commencing where the call was last
suspended ith the Select Committee on Rules.
Mr. STRONG, from the Select Committee on
Rules, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be.empowered
and directed to contract with Benjamin B French, to com-
pile and prepare for the ihp of tin1 House, a Parliamentary
Manual upon the genera! plan embraced m his memorial on
that subject; and that said Fiench bi; paid om of th^ con-
tinent fund of the Hon^e monthly, while he rnav bp en-
upon said work, the sum of >$100: Proviil&l, Such
pavment shall not extend beyond one year from the time
said cornpon-ation shall be commenced, unless by a further
order of the Ilou^e; and said work, when completed, shall
he delivered to the House, and if oidered to be printed, the
said French shall superintend the printing, and make an in-
dex thereof; and for making -said index, superintending <aid
printing, and compiling the work, he shall receive Mich fur-
ther compensation as the House may thereafter order, not
exceeding §1,300.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. HALL rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether the resolution was in order from this
committee ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is" in order
from the Select Committee on the Rules.
The resolution being before the House—
Mr. STRONG explained its object. It was, he
said, to relieve the House from the effects of want
of knowledge of the rules, and the operation of the
rules*, which was so generally manifested* The
House had a system of rules that was perfect in
itself—a logical system—and well adapted," not
only to secure the rights of the minority, but also'
to facilitate the transaction of the public business.
But every man who had any knowledge of the
matter, was well aware that the system could not
be understood except after long experience of
its operation. Notonly was the House embarrassed
by this want of knowledge, but individual mem-
bers were embarrassed, and thus the time'of the
House was unnecessarily consumed. Of the mem-
bers composing every Congress about one half
were new; they, of course, had no knowledge of
the rul :s, which were entirely unlike the rules of
any other legislative body; and, in their efforts to
bring particular matters before the House, the new
members found themselves embarrassed; thus
losing their own labor whilst the time of the
House was uselessly frittered away. In relation
to the old members, also, it was tiue that very
few of them had any practical knowledge of the
operation of the rules. This was an evil which
had been seen and felt for a long time, and,many
efforts had been made to remedy it. The object
of the resolution was to relieve this House, and
the members of it for every successive Congress,
from this embarrassment. It had long been re-
garded as a very desirable thing that there should
be a Manual to instruct new members as to the
mode of transacting the business of the House,
| and to instruct the old members as to the principles
upon which the rules were founded.
Mr. S. proceeded to point out some of the evils
resulting from the present imperfect knowledge of
the rules and orders of proceedings, the conflicting
I decisions, and the impossibility of those who weie
j not acquainted with the rules determining which
; of the precedents should be received as authority.
Of the gentleman by whom it was proposed the
work was to be done, he (Mr. S.) could not speak
from personal knowledge. But it was believed by
those who professed to know him, and who ought
to know him, that no man was more competent
for the compilation of such a Manuel. The reso-
lution was so drawn that the compensation was
made to depend, in a great measure, upon the
mode in which the work should be executed.
He hoped that the resolution would rereive the
favorable consideration of the House, and that the
House might hereafter reap its benefits in their
future deliberations.
Mr. JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK invited him to yield.
Mr. JONES inquired for what purpose? #
Mr. SCHENCK said, to enable him to offer an
: amendment
I Mr. JONES yielded the floor.
I Mr. SCHENCK sent to the Clerk's table the
,j following amendment, which was read:
i. TSi.it the present rules ot the House be, and they are here-
■' bv. abolished, and that the proceedings and burners of the
{! Hmi-e bhall be hereafter regulated aud conducted by the"
general paihamenurv law, except only so far as relates to
i the appointment and duties of the standing committees and
i! the regulation of the intercourse between the two branches
i! of Congress, on which subjects the existing rules s>haU be
| continued.
!i When the amendment had been read in part—
!! Mr. JONES interposed, and said he thought he
would not yield the floor for the amendment. Fie
j! did not suppose that the gentleman himself was
!J serious in offering it.
Mr. SCHENCK assured the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] that he (Mr. S.) tons
serious.
The reading of the amendment having been con-
cluded—
Mr. JONES proceeded with his remarks. Al-
though, he said, he was opposed to theieportof
the Committee on Rules, yet he concurred in
much which had been said by the gentieman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong.] All gentlemen were
aware of the inconveniences resulting from the
rules by which this House was governed; tbegreat
number of them—rtheir complexity—he might say
the conflicting provisions of some of them sub-
jected the House to serious embarrassments, and
in many cases seemed to impede rather than facil-
itate the business of the House.
Did the resolution reported from the Committee
on Rrilts propose to remodel, simplify, or render
more comprehensive the rules of the House ? Not
at all. Could they have some expeiienced com-
mittee who would enter into a general revision of
the, rules, expunging those which were useless,
