641
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
memorials amd petitions.
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions of citi-
zens' of New York, asking that the right of trial
by jury may be secured by law to fugitive slaves,
arrested m any other State than that in which
their service is claimed.
Also, four petitions of citizens of the same
State, asking that no State may hereafter be ad-
mitted into the Union whose constitution does not
expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, three petitions of citizens of the same
State, asking that slavery and the slave-trade may
be abolished in the District of Columbia.
Also, four petitions of citizens of the same
State,asking that slavery and the slave-trade may
be prohibited by law in all the territories of the
United States. All of which memorials were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of citizens
of Alton, Illinois, asking the adoption of measures
for the adjustment of international controversies;
■which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted additional documents
relating to the erection of a new light-house and
dwelling on Boon island, on the coast of Maine;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FEARCE presented a memorial of George
Watterston, and other citizens of the District of
Columbia, asking the establishment of an Agri-
cultural College in that District; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture, and the
motion to print waa referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. NORRIS submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of John Hollahan; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WHUTCOMB presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, instruciing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress to use their best exertions to
procure a grant of public land for the improvement
of the navigation of the Kankakee and Iroquois
rivers; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the same, in favor of pro-
curing an appropriation for completing the harbor
at Michigan City, in Indiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, of the same, in favor of a law authorizing
the sale of the public lands, in legal subdivisions, to
actual settlers for the costs of survey and adver-
tisement; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clay county, in the
State of Indiana, in behalf of Rachel West, widow
of Thomas West, a volunteer 111 the late war with
Mexico, asking that she may be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE presented nine petitions of citi-
zens of the State of Ohio, asking that slavery and
the slave trade may be abolished in the District of
Columbia, or the seat of Government removed
therefrom; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, ten petitions of citizens of Ohio and Illi-
nois, and a petition of citizens of New Jersey, ask-
ing that no State may be hereafter admitted into
the Union whose constitution does not expressly
prohibit slaveiy within its limits; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, eight petitions of citizens of Ohio, a
petition of citizens of Illinois, and a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia,Pennsylvania, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be prohibited by
law in all the territories of the United States; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, eight petitions of the same, asking that
the rieht of trial by jury may be secured to fugi-
tive slaves, arrested in any other State than that
in which their service is claimed; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, four petitions, signed by male and female
inhabitants of Pennsylvania, asking the adoption
of constitutional measures for abolishing slavery
in the United States; and three petitions of male
and female inhabitants of the same place, asking
the immediate abolition of slavery and the slave-
trade in the District of Columbia; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, five petitions of citizens of Ohio, remon-
strating against the resolutions submitted by Mr.
Clat, on the 25th of January, 1850, and asking
the adoption of constitutional measures for pro-
hibiting slavery in all territories now free, abol-
ishing slavery and the slave-trade in the District
of Columbia, and the slave-trade between the
States, and for preventing the reclamation of fugi-
tive staves; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Harrison county,
Ohio, asking that slavery may be prohibited in all
territorial governments to be established by Con-
gress,and that no State may hereafter be admitted
into the Union whose constitution does not pro-
hibit slavery within its limits; a petition of the
teacher and pupils of the Stringersville Select-
School, in Cuyahoga county, Ohio, remonstrating
against the compromise resolutions of Mr. Cj.ay,
and asking the prohibition of slavery in territories
now free, the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, and the slave-trade between the
States, and the repeal of all provisions of the act
of 1793, respecting the reclamation of fugitive
slaves.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Alleghany coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the bill
now pending before the Senate for the recovery of
fugitive slaves, setting forth that laws are in force
in southern States, in violation of the Constitution
of the United States, prohibiting the entrance of
citizens of the northern States, and asking that all
further action on the bill now pending, for the
more effectual recovery of fugitive slaves, be sus-
pended until the laws of the southern States be
repealed; all of which were severally ordered to
lie on the table.
EXTINGUISHMENT Of FIRES.
Mr. CLAY. I have been requested to present
a petition of Ralph Bulk ley, of the city of New
York. He states that he has made a discovery,
and reduced it to a system, which, in its practical
uses, will not only lie interesting to the people of
the United States, but to the whole civilized world
—it being an effective method of extinguishing fire
on steamers, vessels, or buildings, by a process
hitherto unknown. Its effect is that of an almost
instantaneous decomposition of the air within any
given space, however large, thereby reducing the
oxygen of the air into water, so that the fire im-
mediately yields for want of oxygen to support
combustion. And it is said to be equally as rapid
in its effects on coal as on flame. The petition is
accompanied by the certificates of a number of
persons, who I presume to be very respectable,
connected with the business—some with insurance
companies in the city of New York. They cer-
tify that they have witnessed experiments made
by the inventor, not on a large scale, but sufficient
to demonstrate that the invention effects, to some
extent at least, what the inventor pioposes to ac-
complish. He asks from Congi ess an appropri-
ation of a small sum of money to try the experi-
ment, under the supervision of some officers of
the navy, upon a larger scale than his limited
means will allow him to do; and in the event of
success, he proposes to sell to Congress, for public
use, and the use of the people of the United
States, the benefits of the invention. I need not
say that, supposing this invention to be capa-
ble of effecting the object which the inventor im-
agines it will accomplish, there is scarcely any-
thing that has been made by the ingenuity of man,
that will exceed it in the benefits it will confer
thioughout the world. There are always some
doubts attending the success of any new enter-
prise of this kind, or the introduction of any new
and important invention. This we know was ihe
case on the introduction of the invention of the
immortal Fulton. It seems to me that this com-
mends itself to the feelings of every one, and I
trust it will so commend itself to Congress, that
they will authorize the small appropriation which
is asked for, and in the event of success, will au-
thorize the purchase of the invention, or, at any
rate, its use for the benefit of the Government
steamers and vessels. I move that it be referied
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and that it be
printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to, and the mo-
tion to print was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
SEARCH FOR SIR JOHN FRANKLIN.
Mr. CLAY. I am also requested to present the
memorial of Henry Grinnell, a merchant, who is
now fitting out in the port of New York two or
three vessels, which he purposes to send out in
search of Sir John Franklin and his companions}
and he deems it essential to the successful prose-
cution of his enterprise, that he should have the
services of certain seamen belonging to the United
States, and also the command of some subordi-
nate officers, now in the employment of the United
States, to give the vessels something like a naval
and military discipline, which is essential to due
subordination.
Mr. President, I take pleasure in saying that I
am proud of the manner in which the mercantile
classes of our country administer, m all great en-
terprises, the wealth which they have acquired in
the pursuit of their business. It is creditable to
them and to the country; and among the most
eminent of these merchants, stands the gentleman
whose petition I present, Mr. Henry Grinnell, of
the city of New York, who is personally known
to me: It seems to me, that in an enterprise so
creditable, and one in which the expenditure on
his part is so great, it is but a small matter to ask
the authority of the Government to grant the small
number of seamen, asked for by him, to assist in
carrying these vessels through their perilous voy-
age.
I am very much afraid, sir, that the unfortunate
individual and his companions whose fate Mr.
Grinnell and all the world are so anxious to ascer-
tain, will be found to be no more. But if the en-
terprise should fail to discover their existence—if
it should even fail to discover their fate—the attempt
to do so will be gratifying to the whole world;
and if nothing whatever is discovered in respect to
them, some useful discoveries may be made which
will add to the amount of information we already
possess, and amply repay any expenditure that
may be incurred by granting the prayer of the peti-
tion. I move that the reading of the petition be
dispensed with, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The petition was accordingly so referred.
THE DEFICIENCY EILL.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the Sscal year,
endi.ng the 3Qih June, 1850, reported back the
same with amendments, which were ordered to
be printed; and on his motion, the bill, with the
amendments, was made the special order for Mon-
day next at half-past 12 o'clock.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to wfwch was referred the memorial of
William Harding, asking remuneration of certain
expenses incurred while United States agent among
the Cherokees, submitted a report; which was or-
dered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for his
relief, and recommending its passage.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Cojnmittee on
Claims, to which had been referred documents re-
lating to the case of Gamaliel Taylor, asking to be
released from certain liabilities, submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for his relief, and recommending its passage.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which had been referred the memorial and docu-
ments relating to the claim of Ezra Williams, a
clerk in the General Land-Office, asking compen-
sation for extra services, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill
for his relief, which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whiih was leferred the motion to print the
memorial of the citizens of Arcadia, Missouri,
asking a grant of land for the benefit of the Ai cadia
High School of that State, reported against printing
the same; which v/a<* concurred in.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
monow, oi at some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to aid the State of Indiana in the
improvement of the slack-water navigation of the
Iroquois and Kankakee riveis.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or at some early day U ereafter,
ask leave to introduce a bill to divide the State of
Wisconsin into two judicial districts.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. YULEE asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to lucor-
