1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOSS:.
8$8
porate a mutual insurance company in the city of
Washington; which was read a first and second
time by us titl-e, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
THE CENSUS BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. At the sug-
gestion of a number of gentlemen, I desire to ask
that the census bill be now taken up, m order to
assign a time for taking it up finally and finishing
it. I believe it will be agreeable to many gentle-
men to take it -up at the earliest possible moment.
There seems to be a provision for to-day and Mon-
day; I move, therefore, that it be made the special
order of the day for Tuesday next at one o'clock,
?md I hope no other business wHl then be allowed
to interfere with it.
The motion to take op the bill was agreed to,
and it was made the order of the day for Tuesday
next at one o^clock.
GEOLOGY AND TOPOGRAPHY OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to ask the Senate to
Veconsider a vote which was taken yesterday in
reference to a report made by the Committee on
Printing, in justice to an individual, I wish to
state that the cncumstances of the case were not
fully known at the time the report was made. It
is a report accompanying a communication fiom
the Secretary of War, communicating geological
and topographical information in regard to Califor-
nia. That report included the main portion of a
report made by a private individual, Colonel Ty-
son. It was reported at the time—no explanation
having been made—as a public document made by
a public officer. 1 have since been informed that
it was a private paper, sent by Colonel Tyson to
the Topographical Bureau, and he wishes that it
should not be printed as a public document. I
therefore move, that the vote taken yesterday in
relation to this report may be reconsidered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider, and it was agreed to. The motion to
print was then laid on the table.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time for con-
sidering the joint resolution of the Committee on
Printing, which was made the oider of the day,
lias arrived, and the question is on striking out all
after the word u Resolved," and inserting the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Arkan-
sas.
Mr. BORLAND. I am desirous that this reso-
lution should be acted upon at the earliest time
practicable; but I observe that some Senators who
are opposed to it, as well as some who are in favor
of it, are not now in their seats, and I would pre-
fer to have it postponed till those Senators are
present. As I think Wednesday next is not oc-
cupied by any special order, I move that it be
made the special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to,
a widow's pension.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of the widow of the late Major F. L. Dade, of the
United States army, simply for the purpose of
amending it. I would merely state, said the hon-
orable gent'eman, that the form of the bill was
received from the Pension-Office, and that it was
(drawn under the misapprehension that she had
received a pension under a particular act. It
turned out, however, that she bad not recoived a
pension under a particular act, but under the gen-
eral law. It is, therefoie, necessary to make an
amendment.
The neccssary amendment was then made, and
the bill was laid upon the table.
THE CASE OF JAMES ROBERTSON.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 move to take up for con-
sideration the lesolution for the relief of James
Robertson.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. It occurs to me there is no
resolution of that kind on the calendar. There
was a resolution of inquiry sent to the Committee
on the Contingent Fund, and they reported ad-
versely; and, as it seems to me, the only question
is, whether the Senate will concur in that report.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to have the resolu-
tion read. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that theie was a resolution of inquiry, and
that the committee to which it was referred re-
ported against making any allowance.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that the Secretary
of the Senate be directed to pay him forty dollars
out of the contingent fund, as a compensation to .
him for the injury he suffered by his imprison-
ment by order of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Secretary of the Senate be directed to pay out
of the contingent fund of the Senate, the sum of
forty dollars, to James Robertson, as a compensa-
tion for the injury sustained by him for his im-
prisonment bv order of the Senate.
Mr. HALE, No, sir; I think he was not im-
prisoned by order of the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. Then by the order of the
presidirg officer of the Senate. These are the
facts. I believe. He was directed to be imprisoned
on what was deemed sufficient cause; he was im-
: prisoned for some time; he is poor and unfortu-
nate, and considers himself as deeply aggrieved
by this imprisonment; he has been waiting here
now for a length of time, unable to get away; he
has been attending the Senate from day today, in
the hope of getting some compensation ; he al-
leges that he was taken into custody for the pur-
pose of getting rid of him as a political rival,
[laughter;] that he was about to establish a news-
paper, which would have a very extensive circula-
tion, and would thereby possess great influence.
I would suggest, too, another matter, which may
be worthy of the serious consideration of the Sen-
ate, and which may possibly convince them that
this resolution ought to puss. He says that he
has it in his power to control the presidential elec-
tion, [laughter;] he is perfectly satisfied trtat he
controlled the elections of 1844 and 1848, and al-
leges that the determination of the presidential
election of the year 1852 is in his hands. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. CASS. I shall not vote for this resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to 3econd the motion;
and I will say, that if the Senate will not pass this
resolution, I shall be willing to pay my share to-
ward makkig him some reparation for the injury
he sustained by his imprisonment.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to express the hope that the
resolution will be adopted. I believe that this in-
dividual has some connection with myself. I was
very sorry when I knew he was putin prison, and
still more so when I saw his person; for it seemed
to me, if he had really menaced me, I could have
crushed him in a moment. [Laughter.] But I
really believe the poor fellow had no evil intent
whatever. There was a misconception, and I
should be willing to vote for a larger sum than
forty dollars.
Mr. CHASE. Say fifty dollars.
Mr. MANGUM. I have offered a resolution
which did not meet with very favorable consider-
ation on the part of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses, i think it is perfectly proper that we
should dispose of the contingent fund in this way,
if we see fit; and I move, as an amendment to the
motion of the honorable Senator from New York, i
that the sum be fixed at one hundred dollars, and j
leave him to any consequent claim which he may
have against the Senate of the United States. 1
think his claim can be maintained on strict princi-
ples of law. He was arrested upon mere rumor,
and thrown into jail without probable cause, and
kept there some fifteen or sixteen days. I think
the individual who did it is liable for damages.
Our passing this resolution will not prevent his
prosecuting his claim further, if he chooscs to do
so. He is left here poor and in distress, and I
think his case appeals to our sense of justice, and
upan the broad principles of equity 1 hope an ap-
propriation of one hundred dollars will be given,
and that the Senator from New Yoik will allow
that modification of his motion to be made.
Mr. DICKINSON. Most certainly.
Mr. COOPER. I rise to express my concur-
rence in the views of the Senator from North Car-
olina. This man was imprisoned at the instance,
I believe, of some member of the Senate, and im-
prisoned by an officer of the Senate. The sum
proposed by the Senator from North Carolina is a
very small one, and not at all what it ought to be,
and not anything like what it would have been if
he had prosecuted his claim before a court. I may
say, in addition, that this man, although poor, has
some pride, some feeling tjiat his character has
suffered from the fact of imprisonment, and he is
anxious that justice should be done to his chai*&c*
ter, which he thinks will be done by some reso-
lution of this kind, and that it will wipe off the
imaginary stain that has been affixed to it by "his
imprisonment. I do hope the resolution will l?e'
adopted, and that he will receive that sum, aHdl
cease to importune us further.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will simply remark,
Mr. President, in reply to theremarks which have
fallen from the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum,] that the resolution of which he spoke
as being referred to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses, of which I am a member, was duly
considered. Two of us met and investigated this
matter, and we sought to arrive at some moderate
and reasonable sum, as a remuneration for the
injuries he had sustained by this imprisonment.
We ventured to consult with him as to what he
would regard as a sufficient sum, in the wpy of
compensation for this confinement, and he stated
that he would take nothing less than $1,000 down,
and an acknowledgment of $24,000 due to him by
the Government of the United States. [Laughter.]
He would not accept anything less. 1 spoke to
him about paying him the same amount as had
been paid to any officer in the Senate, and also to
pay his board, but he would not listen to the prop-
osition. He was so extravagant in his demands
that we found no way of getting along with him.
I think the Sergeant-at-Arms, and the officers of
the Senate who imprisoned the unfortunate man,
did very wrong. I believe he is a very harmless
man, suffering under mental aberration. At any
rate, the committee took the matter into considera-
tion, and made the best effort they could to effect
a satisfactory arrangement.
Mr. DICKINSON having reduced his resolu-
tion to writing, presented it, as follows:
Re<.oit'crf, That the Secretary ot the Senate be directed to
pay to J. Robertson, out of the continent lunri of' the Sen-
ate, $109 in full compensation for the matter setfoith iu Ins
petition to the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 rise simply because I have a
special connection, an unfortunate connection, with
this matter. I do not intend to go into detail; it is
not necessary that I should do so, for the facts are
! known to the Senate. The fact is, this man'-would
i never have been imprisoned but for me; he never
! would have been imprisoned but for his unfor-
i tunate declaration to me, in reference to one of the
members of this body, which declaration I made
| known to that gentleman, not for the purpose of
having this individual imprisoned, but because I
felt it my duty to guard against any possibledanger.
I stated to him, to the Seargeant-at-An«s, and the
justice of the peace who apprehended this indi-
vidual, or that caused him to be apprehended, that
he had uttered no threats of personal violence to
me. My desire was, and I suggested it at the
time, that the poor fellow, whose mind was cer-
tainly in a state of alienation, should be held in
custody, and kindly treated till his friends in Phila-
delphia could send for him, and provide for him
there. A great mistake was made. I do not know
what testimony was thrown before the justice of
the peace, but I have understood there was some
evidence that this individual had declared, in a
menacing manner, his intention to take the life of
a distinguished individual, a member of this body.
This was a grons mistake. 1 state now that this
individual never did menace the distinguished Sen-
ator alluded to, at all; still, his language was so wild,
his conduct was so strange, and altogether so mys-
terious, that 1 deemed it my duty to put that gen-
tleman on his guard; for he took it into his head
that he was an agent of Divine Providence, and
destined, by the influence of Divine teachings, to
prevent the advance of the distinguished gentleman
to high honors. Seeing that he was a madman, I
did not know what he might do under this imagi-
nary influence of Divine teachings. This! man was
imprisoned under the agency of one of the minis-
terial officers, acting undoubtedly under the influ-
ence of praiseworthy motives. Having imprisoned
him, I am prepared to vote for a liberal compensa-
tion on account of it, not because in strict justice
he is entitled to it, but in a spirit of compassion
toward the individual, and of magnanimity worthy
of this body.
Mr. HALE. I am perfectly willing to vote a
hundred dollars to this man, but not on the ground
that the Senate had any agency in his imprison-
ment. I understand that, in consequence of some-
thin* he had said, he was arrested, that mforma-
