646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
tion was given before a magistrate, and that with-
out any agency on the part of the Senate, he was
imprisoned. For this reason, I protest against
this matter going forth to the country as a matter
in which the Senate had any agency at all—partic-
ularly so far as I am individually concerned—when I
remember the course which was pursued when the
Senate undertook to imprison a man from New
York, on a charge of having fraudulently or ille-
gally obtained possession of a copy of the Mexi-
can treaty. I should like to know, before the reso-
lution passes, on what ground it is to be passed
upon. If this money is to be paid on the ground
that the Senate has been to blame in this matter,
I shall oppose it. The memorial which was pre-
sented here, sets forth, if I recollect right, that
the individual was imprisoned by the Senate; and
I think it would be unjust to the Senate, to let it
go out to the country that they had paid a hun-
dred dollars because they had been to blame in
this matter, when they really had nothing to do
with it. It really ought not to be put upon that
ground; and I believe that is the ground set forth
in the memorial.
A Senator. I think the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire is mistaken.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, let the memorial be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
memorial presented in this case is called for.
Several Senators. No, no.
Other Senators, Question, question.
Mr. HALE. I have no particular wish to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate with the reading of
this memorial; but that is my impression of what
it sets forth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
permit the Chair to make a statement ?
Several Senators. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. According to my
recollection of this matter, 1 was informed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms that there was a person here who
had, he believed, a design upon the life of Mr.
Ci.ay, and he wished to know what should be
done with him. I told him by all means to pre-
vent his doing any injury to Mr. Clay, whatever
it might be necessary to do to effect that purpose.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 have no doubt that the
conduct of the President and Sergeant-at-Arms
was correct, but I will take occasion to reiterate
what the Senator from Iowa has said, that there
might have been some slight error. 1 think, how-
ever, the conduct of the officer was perfectly cor-
rect. He took him before a justice of peace, and
on the information presented, he was committed.
I think we ought to make this allowance; he has
suffered and been detained here, and this is proper,
as I think.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If he is to be paid, I
hope it will be oil any other ground than that the
Senate had any agency in it.
Mr. MANGUM. Put it on the ground that we
vote "aye."
Mr. DICKINSON I go on the ground that
the officers of the Senate acted on what they
thought was a just cause; they caused him to be
imprisoned because they thought there was dan-
ger. If they acled more summarily than was
necessary, it is no more than just the Senate should
pay this sum.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to make a remark
to exonerate the officers of the Senate. I under-
stand that immediately after this individual was
taken into custody, a police officer wa-) sent for,
and he was delivered by the Serjeant-at-Arms im-
mediately into the custody of the police officer,
am! under his direction an examination was had
before a magistrate. I think, therefore, it is due
to the officers to say that the imprisonment did not
result from any action of theirs. They conducted
themselves precisely as it was their duty to do.
Mr. WALKER. There is a misapprehension.
The Senator fiom New York thinks this man was
not imprisoned for any threats made against the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. The rumor
gotabroad, at any rate, that threats of the kind had
been made; and he was taken into custody by an
officer, not for the purpose of detaining him in j
custody, but in the discharge of what he deemed ;
to be his duty. Thinking there was something I
singular about the man, he took him before a jus- I
tice of the peace, who, hearing his conversation, I
and witnessing his strange manner, committed him '
to jail, not from considerations of safety to the I;
Senate, but for the sake of the community. I say
I in my place now, that this man is not fit to be at
j large; that he ought to be confined until his friends
[ can have an opportunity of taking him away and
taking care of him. I think it altogether unjust
that the Senate should vote any compensation in
his case. I am certainly sorry to see a man in his
condition, and would be willing to contribute
something myself to send him home to his friends;
but you may depend upon it that this Senate will
not get rid of him by paying him a hundred dol-
lars. If he should be countenanced in this way,
he will hang on here until his extravagant de-
mands—even those he mentioned to the honorable
Senator from Iowa—are complied with.
Mr. FOOTE. This poor fellow thinks he is en-
titled to some ^25,000. How does my friend come
to the conclusion that this is in consequence of
alienation of mind ?
Mr. WALKER. 1 took the same course to as-
certain it that the justice of the peace did. If the
question is asked as any imputation on me 
Mr. FOOTE. I disavow any imputation at all.
I certainly did not intend to impute any improper
motives to the Senator from Wisconsin. I did
not intend by any means to irritate the honorable
Senator.
Mr. WALKER. There is no irritation in con-
sequence of the remark of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. The committee on the Contingent Fund
is the only committee that is not sustained by the
Senate. After investigation, they come and report
here, under an appropriate sense of their duty;
and the next thing we see, is a resolution brought
in against the report, and adopted. This is what
irritates me.
Mr. BUTLER, The remarks of the Senator
from Wisconsin have satisfied me that, in the opin-
ion of the committee, the conduct of the justice
ought not to implicate the Senate at all. The
ground on which 1 put it is, that the officers might
be held liable for a trespass on the person, or a
false imprisonment, or improper arrest. I am,
however, satisfied that he was committed by due
course of law, and that this Senate ought not to
assume any liability on the assumption that its
officers had committed a wrong. It is on no such
ground that we should grant this.
Mr. DICKINSON. My only object in bring-
ing up this matter was, that the Senate might get
rid of it and of the man's importunities. I have
no feeling in the matter whatever myself.
Mr. MANGUM. Question, question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
now be read a second time.
The resolution having been read a second time,
was ronsideied by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. COOPER moved to amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word Resolved, and in-
serting the following:
"That there be paid to James Robertson, by the Sec-
retary of the Seriate, out of the contingent (unit, the sum
of $100, in consideration of his imprisOMneru on a mistaken
charge of an mtenlion to commit violence upon a member
of the United States Senate."
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cooper, and it was agreed to.
The resolution as amended having been re-
ported back to the Senate, the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole was concuired in, and
the question recurred on its engrossment for a third
reading.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Borland, Clay. Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin
Dodge ot Iowa, Downs, Foote, Greene, King, Man«um'
Miller, Pearce, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Spruaiice, Wales' I
and Webster—22. t
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Butler, Chase, Clem- !
ens, Corwm, Feleh, Hale, Hamlin, Mason, Morion, Norri , •
Sebastian, SouIiS, Turney, Underwood, Walker, and Wliit- i
coin b—18. j
So the resolution was ordered to be en?rossed
for the third leading, and was subsequently read
a third time and passed. j'
mr. bell's resolutions. '!
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being Mr. Foote's motion to 1
refer Mr. Bell's resolutions to a committee of !)
thirteen members—the pending question being :i
upon an amendment proposed by Mr. Baldwin, |i
to except from the reference so much as relates to [|
the admission of California into the Union as a
Slate.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated, that the pend-
ing question at the adjournment yesterday was
the motion of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] to postpone the further consideration of
the subject until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
that at that time it be made the special order of the
day; and on this motion the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shields] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLAY. That motion has exhausted itself,
and is now dead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless it is to oper-
ate from the day on which it may be adopted.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I withdraw that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn; and in that case, the Senator from
Mississippi is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I yield, with great pleas-
ure, to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, it was not my
intention, when this debate commenced, to take
| any part in it. I had not the vanity to suppose
j that anything I could say, would contribute in
I the slightest degree, to the work of conciliation;
1 and I felt extremely anxious, if I could do no good,
to abstain, at all events, from doing any injury.
But sir, the discussion has become so general, and so
many have participated in it, that I fear, if I remain
any longer silent, my silence may be misconstrued,
and my course misunderstood; and that it is due
to myself, and my constituents, to make a few ex-
planatory observations; and I promise that these
observations will be the honest convictions of my
mind.
The Senate, sir, has hardly yet recovered from
the effects of its recent great loss. Death has be-
reaved this body of one of its most illustrious
members. Thi3 bereavement will be long felt in
this Senate, and in every city, town, and hamlet,
throughout this broad land, fiom the Atlantic to
the Pacific ocean. Sir, one of the great lights of
this continent has just been extinguished; one of
the most brilliant stars of our political galaxy has
disappeared forever. A star that shed its lustre, not
only on the proud and noble State of South Caro-
lina, but on this whole country, has been removed
from our sight—translated, I trust, to a higher and
purer region, to shine in a brighter firmament.
Sir, it is with feelings subdued and deepened by
this sad event, that 1 enter this morning upon the
simple and humble duty of defining my position,
and explaining the motives that will govern my
future action in this body, upon the delicate ques-
tions now under consideration.
The State of Illinois, which I have the honor in
part to represent, has thought proper to give me
instructions for my guidance and government 011
the subject of slavery in the territories. I recognize
the full right of my State to give me such instruc-
tions, and I consider it to be my duty, as one of
the Senators from that State, to obey them. I re-
gard the will of my State, when fairly expressed,
as a political trust, which it is my duty to dis-
charge in good faith, if I can do so without any
violation of the Constitution of my country. The
resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois instruct
me to vote for the application of the Wilmot pro-
viso, to all the territories acquired by the late war
with Mexico. These resolutions 1 consider con-
stitutional, and, as such, it is my duty to obey
them. In my humble opinion the Congress of
the United States has full power and authority to
govern all the territories, including the District of
Columbia, in all respects whatsoever, including
the introduction and the exclusion of slavery,
subject to no limitation or restriction, except that
contained in the Constitution of the United States.
In other words, I believe that Congress can exer-
cise all governmental control over the territories,
which is not in conflict with the provisions of the
Constitution. I cannot understand the argument
I have heard urged in this Chamber, that Congress-
can declare war, conquer a country, subjugate a
people, and annex both country and people to the
United States, and yet that it has no power to
govern them after they have been annexed. Upon
this principle Congress can destroy a government,
but cannot replace it; can annex a people, but
cannot govern them; can regulate a territory, but
cannot regulate the people; can govern the land
and the habitations, but cannot govern the inhab-
itants of the territories. Sir, there is something
