1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 3,
to take possession of the seat of government of
the Territory* and dcclare that a reservation for
military purposes, and deprive the inhabitants of
the* (own of its use, and take possession of their
mills, their churches, and their schoolhouses, I
should doubt very much whether such discretion-
ary authority ought to be given to the command-
ing officer on that coast. If the amendment will
give a military officer power to take possession of
any town site and declare it a military post, with-
out any regard to the rights of the citizens living
in the town, without protecting t^e inhabitants in
the possession of their houses and their other pro-
perty, I certainly cannot vote for it. Bat, if the
Senator will restrict his amendment, so as to apply
only to all reservations not heretofore taken pos-
session of, and occupied'by the settlers, I can then
see no objection to it. But I hope that the amend-
ment, in its present form, will not be adopted, be-
cause it is liable to do very great injustice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, iVh\ President,
if the Senatorhad listened attentively to the reading
of the amendment he would have seen that it
did not confer any authority on the commanding
officer on the coast of Oregon. It simply author-
izes the President, as is usual in such cases, to
reserve lands for public purposes. Otherwise a
claim might be Mid to a post occupied by a mili-
tary garrison. It is not to be imagined that such
a case as the Senator supposes would arise, for
it is to be presumed that the War Department, or
the President, controlling the War Department,
would not select the church, or the schoolhouse,
or the capitol of the Territory, and convert it
into a military post.
This amendment is to give the President the
power which is always given in such cases; and
the immediate necessity for it is, that a collision
has already arisen from a claim being laid to a
place which i am informed is occupied as a mili-
tary garrison. It is. to avoid such claims, which
will probably be laid to places which the United
States have improved and held. And, sir, if it
-should so happen that a village has arisen upon a
place which it is absolutely necessary for the
United States to have, I take it for granted, judging
from the past, that the possession, houses, or cul-
tivation of no citizen wiii be taken for public use
without due compensation being maue therefor.
' Mr DOUGLAS. Mr. President, another sec-
tion of the bill provides that no claim shall here-
after be located upon any land that is reserved for
jgihtary orgovernmental purposes. So that, as the
bill now stands, no claim can be laid to any res-
ervation that the Government has made; no claim
can be located upon any site selected for a fort.
But the question is, whether you will authorize
the President of the United States to reserve from
the operation of ihis bill the improvements that
the people of Oregon have made years ago in that
country? That is the simple question.
As to the collision of which the Senator spoke,
1 presume he referred to what took place at Asto-
ria, near the mouth of the Columbia river. 'I
understand that the army officer in command there
has taken possession of the houses, and of the
church of that town, as a military posr, depriving
those who have been in possession for years of
the use of their property. Whether this infor-
mation is correct or not, I do not know. But
such is the information that I have received, and
it comes in such a shape that I am not at liberty
to doubt it. And, sir, if a military officer can go
and take possession of an old site like that of As-
toria, where there were improvements made and
money invested for years, and convert that into a
military post, disregarding the rights of the set-
tlers, 1 ask if he may not do it in the only place
there more important than that—the seat of gov-
ernment of the Territory ? [ do not think that the
Piesideni should be vested with this power. What
can the Piesident know in reg rd to the facts of
this case? He can only know what the officer
there shall report to him. So this is equivalent to
giving discretion to the officer in command in Ore-
gon to deprive any citizen, or any number of citi-
zeriN, of house and home, for the benefit of the
United States, without making any compensation
therefor. I do think that, if the Government wants
to locate a fort, or any other public work, upon
the improvement of a setUer heretofore made, they
ought to buy enough for that purpose. But they
can heieafter reserve all the lands they desire; and
no settlement can then be made on them. That is
the'way the bill now stands. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
have acted under information I have received from
the Secretary of War. I labor under no excite-
ment whatever. I can readily imagine, however,
that the honorable Senator from Illinois may have
heard a tale from some of those " injured" men,
who always hang about and squat as close to the
fort as the commanding officer will allow, and who
would have a preemption right on the site of the
fort, if thev were not excluded.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point I made was this:
The bill now authorizes the reservation of such
places as maybe necessary, so that no location
can ever be made hereafter any nearer than the
officer chooses to allow. The only point is, whether
the officers shall be allowed to take property here-
tofore invested there? They have taken posses-
sion of Astoria, at the mouth of the Columbia
river. At the same time, they have taken posses-
sion of three other points at the mouth of that
river,—Cape Disappointment, Point Adams, and
Sand Island. They have thus taken possession of
three sites just around Astoria, in addition to the j
town of Astoria, which they ought not to have '
been permitted to take. Now, where there is an
actual claim under the provisions of this bill, with
possession and improvements,! think the Govern- I
ment of the United States ought not to be permit-
ted to take possession.
Mr. BENTON. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois please read the part of the bill to
which he has referred ?
Mr. DOUGLAS read the following:
"Pec. 9. Jind >■? it farther e* acted % That no claim to a
donation naht, under the provision* of this act, upon sec-
tions 16 or 36, shall he valid or allowed, ifthe residence nr d
cultivation upon which the fame is founded shall have com-
menced after the survey of- the samfi ; nor ?haM such claim
attach to any tract or parcel of land selected for a military
po«u or within one mile thereof or to any other land re-
served for governmental purposes, unless {he residence and
cultivation thereof ?haJl have commenced previous to the
selection or reservation of the same tor such purposes."
Mr. BENTON". Mr. President, I think the bill
as it stands allows ample latitude in the case de-
scribed. AH these movements are upon their face
very specious. It is " the Presidentof the United
States," according to the amendment, who is to
approve this selection. Henc^ we think we have
got the high office of President of the United States
for our security. Now, we all know how that is.
The President can have no more to do with this
than can the man in the moon. Nor has the Sec-
retary of War much more to do witfh the matter
than the President. It is done by the officer in
the country where the selection is to be made. He
makes hi<a representation, and his representation
is the decision of the thing. All the rest is a mere
matter of form. The President exercises no voli-
tion; the Secretary of War exercises none. It is
the entire act of the officer in the country.
Mr. President, I have had some experience on
this subject, some experience in this matter of re-
serving lands for military purposes, and 1 know
exactly how itonerates. The officers make a large
reservation in order to keep settlements at as great
a distance from the post as possible, so as to pre-
vent men from selling whisky to the soldiers.
They take their.own views, military views, of the
matter, and think of none other. They wish to
keep off that kind of people who sell whisky to
the garrison. They make a large reservation, as
much as they think necessary; and when they
have madj it, it answers no purpo-e except to de-
populate the country; for those who want to sell
spirituous liquors will go through your reservation
in the night. It is uninhabited, and unless sen-
tinels are planted all over it, those men will go
through it. It answers no purpose in the world
but that of creating a desert in a State, which is to
be a rendezvous for all who choose to go there, and
be exempt from the restraints of society.
We had a case of this kind in Missouri, oppo-
site Fort Leavenworth. There was a reservation
for a great many miles up and down the river, in
the State of Missouri, opposite Fort Leavenworth,
which answered no other purpose than to depopu-
late that part of the State. Being by virtue of law,
it was with extreme difficulty that we got that part
of the State laid open to settlement. This is the
way this thing works always. Large reservations
are made, unlimited reservations, just exactly such
as the officer in command chooses to mhk$. He
has no rule to go by. (t is no better than that of
the chancellor of old, who measured conscience by
a big foot or a little foot. The amount, he it much
or little, that the officer reserves, depends upon his
feelings at the time; and this also leads to exer-
tions to get rid of them, and I believe the people
have got rid of these reservations in almost all
places We have now none of those very large
reservations for military purposes, although there
were many in the beginning. There was one
which covered the site of the city of St Louis.
That has been given up. The United States now
use land for military purposes in Missouri that
has been the gift of the inhabitants, as in the case
of the Jefferson barracks.
I think there is no sort of necessity for this
amendment. It may lead to great inconvenience,
and the officer may exercise the power very arbi-
trarily, by going and taking possession of a set-
tlement; and we all know that an officer of the
United States has immense ideas of his own pow-
ers, and could do almost anything in the name of
United States. I think the bill as it stands goes
far enough. There is not the least necessity for
extending it any further. There cannot be any
place in the settled part of the country wanted for
military purposes. They wantforts and garrisons,
principally on the frontier, near the Indian coun-
try ; and some upon the sea shore, for the purpose
of protecting the seaboard towns. These are the
places that want military posts. All the body of
the country remains free from any necessity for
this establishment. I think the bill sufficient as it
is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
think the closing remarks of the Senator from
Missouri answer his argument. He says thai
lands were taken in Missouri for military purpo-
ses, and that in progress of time they have been
surrendered to the people. Then I imagine that
the people of Missouri have not suffered much
from any reservations which may have been made
in that State. The Senator thinks that the military
positions-in his Stateare now held by gift; and he
speaks of Jefferson barracks in that connection.
I happen to know that Jefferson barracks stand
on ground acquired by purchase, and to which it
has been feared the Government has a questionable
title.
The fact is, sir, that these reservations are made
for the benefit of the people, and they are made
upon territory which belongs to the United States.
But if one were to listen to the arguments made
this morning, they would suppose the troops were
to be forced into the Territory for the injury of the
people, and that land belonging to the people was
to be taken from them for the benefit of the troops.
Now, the land belongs to the United Slates. We
arc giving it away; and the question is, what will
we reserve for the United States? These troops
are located at such places as the defence of the
country requires; and as soon as the defence of
the country no longer requires them, these garri-
sons disappear. What objection can be made,
then, against these military reservations for the
benefit of the people alone, and made from prop-
erty belonging to the United States?
Now, if a post is required at any particular
place and you make no reservation, it follows that
a claim is made to it, and if the inhabitants of that
place call upon the Government to give them the
protection of a garrison, the Government go there
and buy land upon which to erect a military post.
That is the practical operation of it.
As to this great abuse by an officer on the fron-
tier, let us see whose testimony is best to be taken.
An officer stands there without any permanent in-
terest save that of his country. He will select the
place which is suited for the purpose of defence
and the maintenance of order, either on the sea-
board or on the frontier. He will desire to have such
settlements as near to him as the convenience of
the garrison will permit, because they furnish him
with the supplies which he requires. And upon
every military reservation which I have ever
known, orderly people are allowed to make a set-
tlement; disorderly people are excluded, as essen-
tially necessary for the preservation of the peace
and order of the garrison. But upon the seaboard,
where positions are selected for a garrison, they
are necessarily very small, because they are al-
ways part of a city, and seldom amount to more
than a square of that city. And it often follows
that when a garrison is removed, the inhabitants
