1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 3,
chief Executive of the nation to cause to be re-
served such lands as may be necessary to the Uni-
ted States for military posts. He is not only at
the head of the military, but also of the civil state,
and he has the whole controlling supervision over
the subject; and surely he ought to have it. He
must act, it is true, through the instrumentality of
those men who are competent to decide upon mili-
tary advantages, and the necessity of particular po-
sitions; but he does this no more in this particular
case than any other. This being a military ques-
tion, military men must aid him in its decision,
just as in ordinary cases of the exercise of Execu-
tive power, where the transaction belongs partic-
ularly from its nature to any particular class of
public officers, he refers it to them for the more
accurate information necessary to determine his
own decision.
Now, where is the injury? The lands so occu-
pied do not belong to the occupants, but to us. By
this bill we are proposing to give a title to them,
and is it not just and necessary that when we pro-
pose to give this title we should reserve from
the general donation and bounty, such portions of
the land as the purposes of the Government re-
quire? In my judgment it is eminently necessary.
And when, as in the case of this Territory, we
consider the immense distance at which it lies from
the seat of power, the small population which It
has, and the number of internal enemies by whom
its peace may be threatened, is it not obvious to
every one that the Government must not only have
military posts, but those of the very best selection,
for the purpose of delence and the protection of
the inhahiiams? And what is proposed here? It
is to have the selection made of the very best
points—not to gratify the military of the United
States, not to gratify us, or to do us a particular
pood, but for the benefit of the inhabitants of the
Territory. It is for their protection we want the
military pons. Well, who ought to select them ?
Surely the military officers under the direction of
the President. It is a question of military science
and skill, and they are the only people in the coun-
try who are competent to make a selection which
will accomplish ihe object, which is the piotec-
tion of the inhabitants. It seems to me, then,
that this is no attempt, to invest the President of
the Uuned States with arbitrary power, or to in-
terfere with private right, and no attempt to put
the civil under the direction and control of the
rnilitaiy power, it is to do in this case what it is
necessary for the country should be done, and it
can be done in no othei mode than that proposed.
Now, it being conceded—nobody denying it 
that n is proper that this right of selection should
prevail where there is not already an occupation,
permit me to iriquue why the right of selection
should be excluded wheie there is an occupation ?
What righ\ has the occupant? As 1 have said, if
4he mere occupation gives the occupier a title, then
the provisions of this bill will not affect him. It
is not intended to take away title from any body.
But it gives him no title. Is he not a mere per-
missive occupant, dependent entirely on our will
u heihi-r he shall remain oi not? Ii so, then the
question is whether, there being a public necessity
in order to the protection of the inhabitants from
Indian hostilities, to select a particular place for
the creation of a place of war, that great purpose
shall be abandoned merely because somebody has 1
been theie planting corn or building a log shanty, '
or because somebody is there, and says he chooses
to remain there? I confess I can see no injustice, I
nor that private Tights are invaded, when we pro- i
pose to confirm a title which is noih.ng except it ;
derives confirmation fioni us, in selecting and re- I
serving for such purposes what tracts we please? I
Vt eceitanily have the just right to make such se- I
lections a-* ihe security of the inhabitants requires, i
and which the discharge of our duty of protecting
them makes it necessary for us to select. j
I do not suppose for a moment that if any man
there has actually made valuable improvements on
a site which shall be selected, and the purposes of
the Government requne that his location shall be
used tor public purposes,a id theiefoie withdrawn
from the grant in the hill, a rnay not be pioper
and n;ght foi Confess to make ample indemnifi-
cation for puch improvements. Not that the
claimant would stand in the situation of a man
who„e property had been uken, and who, there-
fore, on the principle of the Constitution, tuay de-
mand compensation, but because it is reasonable
and fair, and, under the ..circumstances may be
equitably done. And this amendment will not
prohibit it. But in the nature of the case, all that
it is necessary for us now to do is to give this
authority, and we are not to presume that it will
be arbitrarily exercised, and for the purpose of
vexation. Why should this be presumed? The
officers who go out there, go out for the protection
of the people—the posts are selected for their pro-
tection, and the general good should not be endan-
gered for the benefit of a particular claimant. We
must suppose, therefore, that the power will be
wisely exercised, and if hereafter any man shall
come and say that the necessity of the Government
required that he should be dispossessed of a par-
ticular farm or piece of ground which he had
occupied and cultivated, I am ready, and so will be
the whole Congress, to vote him any indemnity fot
the loss he has sustained, which the necessity 01
the case may require. But we cannot well do
this in this proposition. The requirements of the
case are emergent. We violate no constitutional
ri^ht of property—we take our own territory.
The persons dispossessed, if there shall be any,
are but permissive occupants, and even to them,
no doubt, every indemnity that'may be just wih
be made. If the amendment applies further than
that, then 1 do not so understand it, and in tha
view of it, I confess I do,not only think it is nor
liable to any reasonable objection, but it is just and
necessary authority, to be conferred on the Presi
dent for the protection of the people of the Terri-
tory. Believing it therefore to be both necessary
and desirable, I am prepared to vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
North Carolina has taken a perfectly correct view
of the extreme power in the amendment; but as
a matter of policy, as I said, before, it would rarely
if ever occur, that the officer making the reserva-
tion would have to dispossess any person.
Mr. BADGER. 1 took the extreme view of it
only.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Louisiana
makes an argument, which he directs against the
letter of the Secretary of War, and founds it on
the hypothesis of the Senator from Illinois. There
is no such statement in the Secretary's letter as
the Senator supposes. He does not talk about
dispossessing the people of Astoria.
Mr. DOWNS. He says there has been a col-
lision.
Mr. DAVIS. A collision, how? There were
claimants to lots which he says were found neces-
sary to be used as a military reservation,—lots
which the military now possess, and which some-
body wants to set possesion of.
Mr. DOWNS. No, they are in the possession
of the persons now.
Mr. DAVIS. What persons? The fur com-
pany at Astoria, or those who bought subsequent-
ly from them, and turned it over to Great Britain?
Sir, the claim to our consideration by these peo-
ple is1 not so very gieat, after all. This cher-
ished claim of the Senator stands not on as
htgh a basis as he seems to suppose. Men
who weie not true to the country are those to
whom the claim to this grant runs back. Sir,
these lots in Astoria are now in our posses-
sion, and to them some men wish to found a
claim. I'hey are not billing, as the Senator fiom
North Carolina proposes, to receive an indemnity
for any property which they may have incorpo-
rated with the land by their own labor, but they
desire to receive for 11 the amount which u is wortn
as a military position. If any officer of the army
has taken possession of any farm belonging to an
individual, there is no question that the Govern-
ought to make a full return for ail its value as
such. I admit that an individual may have prop-
erty in the public domain so far as he incorporates
his own labor with it, and to that extent let him
be paid for it, but not for a title which is in the
United States. But the Senator from Louisiana
says, let the United States buy this land as it
would do elsewhere; if it needs it for military pur- ;
poses, let the United S'ates purchase it. Purchase i
it—of whom? You wish to eiect a custom-house, j
a fort, or barracks for the United States upon land *
belonging to the United States, and the Senator j
from Louisiana says, purchase it. You must first j
give it away in order to have anybody to purchase j
it from.
Mr. DOWNS. It has been given away already.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. By whom? I
Mr. DOWNS. By the preemption law of
1841.
Mr. .DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then it cannot
be reserved, and the Senator destroys his own
argument, if it belongs to an individual the land
is not to be reserved; it is only the land of the
United States which can be reserved. And thus
the gentleman has upset his own argument,
founded originally on the hypothesis of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, and having no basis in the letter
of the Secretary. Of course i will not follow it
further.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to show that my hy-
pothesis has a basis in the letter of the Secretary.
The general provisions of the law'authorize the
Secretary of War, or the President, to make reser-
vations of the public lands for military purposes,
and the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, therefore, is entirely unnecessary and use-
less, if its object is to reserve unoccupied lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is to reserve
lands upon which some individual may lay a
claim, as the Secretary of War says in his letter,
knowing its value as a military position, and with
a view of securing a price accordingly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That does not come to the
point.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to ask the Senator from
Mississippi a question 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not in
order—the Senator from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 suppose I shall be in order
in asking the question, with the permission of the
Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will yield, certainly, though
I should prefer to go on.
Mr. DOWNS. I mere'y wished to ask the
Senator from Mississippi whether the effect of
the amendment will not be to enable the officer
to dispossess a man who has settled on the land
befoie the Government acquired it? If that is not
us efFect, then I have misunderstood the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will just say that the let-
ter of the Secretary of War asks the privilege of
reserving for military purposes lands which have
been reduced to private possession, and which
would otherwise become private property under this
act. The general laws authorize the reservation
of all unoccupied lands; and if us object is not to
allow the taking of the private property and im-
provements of the inhabitants of the country, then
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi is
not only useless, but worse than useless, it then
confers no right, except that which the laws of the
land have heretofore conferred. But the amend-
ment is, that any lands selected are to be exempted
from this act, and the act being one which secures
to the occupant of the property the enjoyment of
the possession of his store-houses and farm, its
effect is, theiefore, to allow the President of the
United States to take those improvements and ap-
propriate them to the public use without compen-
sation. That is the very point m this whole ques-
tion, and the Senator ftom North Carolina did not
reach it in his remaiks on the subject, although, it
is true, he did admit that if we did take private
property or the impiovements of an individual, we
ought to pay him for it. This amendment allows
it to be taken and kept without making such pay-
ment.
I wish, in this connection, to call attention to
another fact. The late Secretary of War author-
ized the Delegate fiom Oregon to assure the peo-
ple of that Territory that their farms and improve-
ments would never be allowed to be touched by
the Government for military or other purposes,
and the Delegate on that assurance of the Secretary
published the fact to the people of Oregon months
ago The people of that Territory, therefore, have
rested under that assurance, and the cause of the
collision referred to is, that the officers of the army
are attempting to take possession of private prop-
erty in violation of this assurance. Now, the new-
Secretary of War, not being aware of the course
taken by his predecessor, "perhaps, falls into the
error of undoing what his piedecessor has done,
and asks permission to take private property, i
have no idea that the President, after he shall have
investigated the facts, will de&ire to commit this act
of injustice. I know that gentleman well, and I
am confident that, if aware, of it, he will never
sanction the taking of the store-houses and school-
houses of the people of Astoria for this purpose*
