1650.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1748
He will never sanction, I am sure, the seizure of
Mr. Meek's farm.
iMr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to know
whether the Senator asserts it as a fact—whether
he knows that the officers have taken possession of
the school-houses and the other houses referred to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have stated that the Dele-
gate from Oregon assures me that such is the fact,
and I do not doubt it. All the facts I have stated
I have received from the Deiegate from Oregon,
who authorizes me to use his name as authority
for the statement.
Mr. DiVVJS. It is a very queer statement of
facts—very queer, indeed—and it seems the Secre-
tary is ignorant of them. But I ask the Senator,
does he suppose that any officer has taken posses-
sion of anybody's house, except upon paying him
either rent or purchase money ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer that question.
The Delegate fiom Oregon is authorized to state,
from the owner of a store, that it was taken pos-
session of and the store shut up by the officers of
the army.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is done very
often on the public lands. Whisky sellers often
have their stores shut up, and occasionally their
bottles are broken and their barrels emptied, when
it is necessary to preserve peace in the garrison.
Necessity justifies such a course, and such was
the character of the store m this case, I suspect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no knowledge of its
character.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must arrest
the further progress of debate of this character.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was about to say, sir, that
I had no knowledge of this individual case. My
information is that the mifitary have taken pos-
session of the town site and excluded all the peo-
ple from the enjoyment of their improvements,
and that they have taken possession of Mr. Meek's
farm, and of the missionary establishment at the
Dalles to the extent of more than four miles
square, and excluded all persons from the fisheries
there.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The reply of the
Senator would constitute such a case as has never
been known to have occurred in the history of our
affairs on the frontier. If it has occurred, it is
such a case certainly as can be provided for espe-
cially. This amendment is only to confer the
power of reserving land for military purposes.
Mr. DOUGLASS. That power exists already.
Mr. DAViS, of Mississippi. It does not, I
think, exist by law, and I will thank the Senator
to tell me, as he has made the declaration several
times, where he finds the law.
Mr. DOUGLA.S. I cannot call attention to the
precise section of it now, but I am assured that
there is a permanent law of the kind. Of that
fact, the Senator from Michigan, who has been
Secretary of War, can inform me. Indeed, are
not reservations now made every day?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In the Indian
country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, and in any unoccupied
country. In such territory the general law of the
land gives the Secretary of War the right to make
these reservations, and he does it. They are made
every day almost in different parts of the country,
and indeed it is by virtue of this law that the
power has been already exercised in Oregon. The
object now is to restrict it in cases where the
country is settled.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is under the
general power to control the Indian tribes that
these reservations are made, and they have been
continued after the Indian title no longei existed.
The Government can buya site fora fort after the
land has passed into the hands of individuals; and
so if we pass this law, and claims are laid to every
one of these sites, the Government can dispossess
the owner of the claim without the amendment at
all. It can do it under the general constitutional
power by which it is enabled to take private pro-
perty for public u«e upon making due compensa-
tion therefor. The amendment will not enlarge
just power at all. It is merely to prevent the ^
locntion-of claims on places necessary for military j
sites, and then to require the Government to pay !
for them. In a word, to ptevent private individuals j
from seizing on lands which it is known will be !
jequired for military purposes, to enabte them to [
draw large sums out of the Treasury. i
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I feel obliged to ;
move to postpone the further consideration of
this subject.^
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest an amendment before he makes that mo-
tion ?
Mr. CLAY. Very well.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, although I do not myself
see the necessity of such a provision at all, to add
to his amendment this proviso:
"Provided, That if it .shall be deemed necessary, in the
judgment of the President, to include in any suchreserva-
tion the improvements of any settler made previous to the
passage of this act, it shali in such case he the duly of the
Secretary of War locate the value of such improvements
to be ascertained, and the amount so ascertained shall be
paid to the paity entitled thereto, nut ef any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I see no objec-
tion to the amendment, and if there be4any I
imagine it will come from the individuals who
would prefer to contract, or to have the estimated
value of their improvements under an assessment
made on the spot. I will accept it.
The amendment was modified as proposed by
Mr. Badger.
Mr. YULEE. Before the vote is taken, I de-
sire to say a word. If, however, the Senator from
Kentucky was on the floor for the purpose of
moving a postponement of the bili, 1 will give way.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir, I hope there wjII be a
general acquiesence in the postponement of the
future consideration of this bill until 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Half-past eleven o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. Half-past eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move the postponement of the
orders of the day which precede the bill for the
abolition of the slave trade in the District, and
that we take it up now.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
then proceeded to the consideration of the bill to
suppresswthe slave trade in the District ot Co-
lumbia.
The bili was read by the Secretary.
Mr. CLAY. The bill which the Senate has
ordered to be taken up for consideration is a very
short one, and the subject-matter of it lias been
very often, and very much discussed, and it is not
my purpose, in rising to call the attention of the
Senate to it, to occupy more than a few minutes
of their time. The object of the bill is to abolish
what is called the slave trade within the District
of Columbia. By the slave trade, is meant a for-
eign slave trade, us it respects the interests of the
District, it consists of the introduction within
the District of slaves from adjoining slave States,
and their being placed m depor here, not for the
purpose of finding a market at all in the District—
tor I am told that scarcely a case has ever occurred
of the purchase by an inhabitant of the District of
a slave deposited in one of these places of confine-
ment—but for subsequent transpoitation to diller-
ent markets by land or water—generally by wa-
ter—to the southern cities, particularly to Mobile
and New Orleans. It is a tiade in which the in-
habitants of the District have no sort of interest
and no sort of connection, and which only brings
upon the District a degree of obloquy on the part
of all those—of whom I profess to be one—who
regard this species of trade as a thing to be ab
horred, and to be avoided wheiever it can. The
bill does not propose to interfere m the slightest
decree with the right of one inhabitant of the Dis-
trict to sell a diave to another inhabitant of the
District, nor does it interfere with the right <>n the
part of the inhabitant of the District to go out of it
and purchase for his own use a slave, and to bring
the slave within the District for his own use.
The bill consists of two sections, and is in fact
merely a revival of the law of Maryland, as that
law existed at the time of the cession of this Dis-
trict. It is but the mere exercise of a power by
the General Government which has been exercised
by various States of the Union, and among others,
I think, the eaihest by Virginia heiself. It con-
sists, as I said before, of only two &ections, the
first of which is a prohibition of the light of any
owner of a slave, or any peison with the consent
of the owSer bringing a slave into this District for
sale, or to be placed in depot for the purpose of
being transported as merchandise for sale to a
distant market. That is the first section, and the
second invests the local authorities of the District
with the power to prohibit all depots being estab-
lished within the District for the confinement of
slaves, I have never visited one of these depd'Sj
and I understand from the public authorities of the
District that there is perhaps but one remaining at
the present time, but it is one with slaves continu-
ally in it. These depdts are nothing more nor
less than private jails, subject to no inspection of
public authority, under the exclusive control of
those who erect them, or for whose use they are
erected, and all the prisoners or slaves confined m
them are subject to the police regulations which
may be established from time to time by the own-
er of the jail.
The object of the bill is to discontinue this for-
eign slave trade as respects the District, and to let
them go somewhere else—either to Virginia, if
slaves can be deposited there, or to Maryland, if
they can be deposited there—but to exclude a
traffic within the District which has no connection
within the District,and which has no other iesult,
as I remarked before, than of bringing some de-
gree of odium on the District. It has been de-
nounced more or less during the last forty years;
in the first instance, by a distinguished and la-
mented citizen of Virginia, who, 1 believe, first
brought it to public notice; and again and again,
from time to time, has it met with denunciation
from other persons. It is not my purpose, as 1
said before, to go into any elaborate argument on
the subject to prove the propiiety of abolishing a
trade thus foreign to the people of the District, as
1 think it has been fully discussed, and my object
is to economize time as m«ach as possible. \ have
two unimportant amendments to propose,and then
I will let the measure take its course.
In the first section, after the word il place," in
the eighth line, 1 propose to insert the words u to
be sold as merchandise." I believe that such will
be the construction of the law without these words,
but it is better, perhaps, to insert them. The sec-
tion will then read:
"That from and after the day of next, it shall
not be lawiul to bring into the i)i met of Columba any
slave whatevei lor the purpose ot being sold, or loi the pur-
p>se ot being placed nidep6t,io be s-ubatqueuiiy transferred
10 any oiiitr Suite or place to be {•old as merchaniiii-e. And
it any sUve •♦hall be brought into the said District b> iu
owner, or by the authoiily or consent ot its owner, contrary
to the provisions oi this act, &uch slave shall thereupon be-
come liberated and free."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLAY. The next amendment is in rela-
tion to the proper denomination of the court of
Washington county, in the second section. It now
reads u the county court of Washington.f> The
technical term is the " levy court of Washington
county." i move to amend it by striking out the
words " county court of Washington'5 wherever
they occur, and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" levy court of Washingtoncounty." It is merely
an informal amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ('LAY, I now move to insert in the 11th
line of the first section, before the word " limits,"
the word "jurisdictional," so that it would read
"jurisdictional limits." There is a distinction of
limits, I understand—one being territorial, and the
other jurisdictional.
The amendment was adopted, and the section,
as amended, is as follows:
« Sec. 2. And be it further eiuuted, That it shall and may
be lawful ior each or the corporation^ol ihe ewes ot Wa-h-
ington and Georgetown, trom tnni' to Piim , and a> oh en at?
inav he ih cis-aiy,io abate, break up, and abolish any <ie|>6t
or place of confinement of slave? hrouuh. inu> the ^iid Din-
triei as meichandise, eonimr> to the provi-ions ot ih > art,
by such appiopriate mean- as may appear to either ol the
"aid corporations, expedient and prop. r. And the same
power U hereby vested m the levy court ol Washington
county, if an> attempts-hall h< made withm it- jun-dietio al
limit,-; to estabh-h a dejidt <>r place of conniiem. nt tor slaves
In ought into ihe ^aid District as merchandise tor --ale, eon-
trar> to this act."
Mr. F00 1'E. I merely rise to oiler an amend-
ment to the bill, in which I have adapted the sug-
gestions of the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] and of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
BlCKRl fc-N.J
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause am! insert the
•following: ,
" Tnat, from awl after the date of the approval of this act,
the corporate authorities ot the city or Washington lor that
part of the county ol W.v-hmuton tymgea^t artdr-ouih ol K
Creek* and the corporate authorities of Georgetown, lor mat
