1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL' &LO&E.
Sept. 4.
p-\rt of the county of Washington lying north anil west of
Rock Creek, shall have posver within thOs-e limit?, respect-
ively, to reguiate by law the ingress into and egre-s Irom the
Pisirict of Columbia ol people* ot color, whether hee or
t-Uves. and to regulate the residence of all person^ ol color,
now reading, or hereafter to leside, within tho said limits,
respectively, and to prohibit the coming ot tree negroes to
res iie witmn the said hmit>, rt^peeiively. and to enforce
all such n-^uJations and prohibitions by ^unable penalties,
iuipri->omm nt at lahoi,and expulsion beyond the Hunts ot
said Di-tnct.
" rfuc. 2. Jind be it further enacted, Tnatthe said corporate
authorities, within tile rtspective limits designated hi the
first section of this act, shall have power to nuke such ri g-
ulations and t<> pa#s such laws as may be expedient and
hect^tt\ to guard a«aiM*t the kidnapping or abduction fiom
the District ol Columbia ol any slave or tree nejzro, and to
punish by firfe, not ex<.reding   dollars, and by im-
prisonment in the penitentiary or common jail, or by cor-
poral chaMisement, ariv individual or individuals who may
be convicted ot having forced,or attempted to toice, ag.tin?-t
the laws of those eotporaiion-, re-pK*iively, any trf k negro,
or of having ktdnapp.-d,or abducted, or-ot having attempted
to kidnap orabduci, or to entice or decoy any slave from
the District of Columbia.
" Sec. 3. Atulhe it fur!her enacted, That tn cases where
there is good ground to believe, and where one or mote citi-
aens shall ?tate under oath that Tie has lo reason to believe,
that any colored person ha« been brought into ih * Di>tuet of
Columbia and field as a slave, who is entitled to freedom—
that any colored pennon ha> been plnci d in custody or con-
finement through error—«>r that anv eolottd pei<ott is about
to be sent fioui the Disiriet ot Columbia as a slave who is
entitled to freedom, then, and in eithei of the said ca^es, on
the application ot Hie party or a friend of the party inter-
ested, or other person, the privihgo of the wnt of habeas
corpus shall be extended to such paity, with a view ol
bringing the point at and the fact* of the ca>e beiore a
Judge of the Circuit Court or the United State.-, lor the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who shall decide according lo the law*, of
the Di-trict oi Columbia, and di-charge: Iron) custody or im-
prisonment, oi leniand to custody or impiisoimient, in con-
formity with the evidence, the tacts, and law id the case.
'•Sec. 4. That all laws or regulations made by the coipo-
rate authorities of the city of Washington under Ui* pro-
vt-ious of this act .'hall be siihji'et to the revi.-iou of Con-
gress, ami if not disapproved, shall remain in force."
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise for the purpose of
debating this amendment, tor it seems to me not
to need any explanation. It treat3 this whole sub-
ject as a proper one of police regulation, and leaves
it as such to' the corporate authorities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, to enable them to control
it in such manner as may most conduce to their
own welfare and safety, subject to the controlling
authority of Congress. I am decidedly of opinion
that the power necessary, at present, to be exer-
cised for the advancement of the welfare of the
people of this District, as well as for the purpose
of obtaining the great object just enforced in our
hearing by the Senator from Kentucky, is best
confided to the corporate authorities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, the people most interested in
these objects. I will say nothing as to the princi-
ple of the amendment, further than that, as I un-
derstand the Senator from Virginia desires to be
heard in opposition to this bill, if he should be-
come satisfied that it will have the effect of re-
moving those evils which are supposed now to
exist, I shall certainly be gratified at receiving his
support; otherwise I trust the Senate will manifest
a disposition to come to the rescue of the amend-
ment, and sustain it.
Mr. HCJNTER then addressed the Senate for
upwards of an hour in opposition to the bill. His
speech, having been withheld for revision, will
aopear m the Appendix.
'Mr. PEARCE moved to amend Mr. Foote's
amendment, by adding to the second section theieof
the following words:
« And that the criminal court of the District of Columbia
shall h< ve jurisdiction mall cases of the violation ol siith
regulations,"laws, or ordinances, as may he made or passed
by the said corporations in pursuance of tins act, and shall
have full authority, aitet indictment and conviction, to en-
fuicrt the penalties pre&cribed by said regulations., laws, or
Oidmauces."
Mr. FOOTE accepted the amendment to the
amendment,after discussion by Messrs. PEARCE
and CLAY.
Mr. DOWNS moved to postpone the further
consideration of the biil to this day week.
After debate between Messrs. DOWNS, CLAY,
FOOTE, and PEARCE—
Mr. PRA TT. Mr. President, I wish to say a
word in relation to,my colleague and myself, as
our State is more deeply interested th m any other
in the subject under discussion. We shall be
obliged to be absent to-morrow, inasmuch as tye
shall be constrained to go home to attend an elec-
tion of delegates to a convention to reform the con-
stitution of our State. I hope, therefore, that the
motion of my fnend from Louisiana will prevail.
I desire to discuss this question, but do not wish
to be obliged to do so now.
| Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I wish to make
a single remark in explanation, as what I said be-
fore seems to have been misunderstood by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs.] i
I had urged that we should immediately act upon ]
this subject in opposition to the motion of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, and endeavored
to give my reasons for my desire.  The main
leason was the very important character of the
proposition, and the urgency that 1 thought ex-
isted for immediate action. I thought that was a
legitimateargumentin opposition to such a motion.
I thtnk so yet.
1 wish to make another remark. I do not con-
cur with the honorable Senator from Louisiana in
the supposition which he stated, that in all the
slave States of this Union, the one which 1 repre-
sent included, it is competent for dealers in slaves
to use the jail of the county for the imprisonment
of slaves, at their own discretion. No such dis-
graceful regulation ever existed in the State of Mis-
sissippi. And I am very sorry to hear that it
exists elsewhere. 1 hope my friend will find, on
further inquiry, that no such law exists any-
where. if so, it would be calculated to bring se-
rious odium on a most excellent system, it is
calculated to bring discredit upon our system of
domestic labor.
Now, if the Senator from Kentucky will con-
sent, 1 have no objection to the postponement of
this measure for the reasons urged by the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. CLAY. I regret that I cannot consent to
the postponement of this bill.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 hope the Senate will post-
pone this bill. It is the last of the measures re-
ported by the Committee of Thirteen. 1 desire to
record my vote in favor of this measure m some
form. 1 shall be unable to do it if the vote is
taken in a day or two. I hope, under the circum- j
stances, that the Senate will agree to postpone
the bill.
The motion to postpone was negatived by the
following vote:
\'E Atchison, B^dgfr, Barnwell, Dell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Davis ot Mi^i-^ippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
Houston, Hunter, King, Ma-ig.nn, M t*o« , Moitou, Pearee,
Pratt, Ru-k, rit b<i©u m, &>u!4, T.iruey,and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Me.-sr«. Baldwin, Baiton, B adbury, Bright,
Clarke, Cl.w, Cooper, Davis ot Ma>-aehusett , Davton,
Dickinson, Dodi>e of Wisconsin, Dodge ol Iowa, Ewing,
F.-lch, Greene, Uam'in, Jone>, S waid. Shield-, Smith,
Spi Uinice, Sturgeon, Undei wood, Wales, Walker,Wintinop,
and Whitcomb—27.
Mr. PEARCE then offered the folio wing amend-
ment to the bill:
"Sec. . Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any free
peisonor persons vviilun the District ot Columbia shall en-
tice, or attempt by peisua-ton or oilier means to enuce or
induce any slave or slaves to run away irom his, her, or
th.'.ir owner or lawful possessor, or btiail in any manner aid,
abet, or a-siat any slave or slavts in running away from the
owner oi possessor of such s-lave or slaves, or shall harbor
any stave or slaves with the intent to h-h. i linn, her, or
them to escape ftom the >n vieeot such owner br po<-.p«.sur5
such person or persons shall be haule to indictment in the
criminal court m the District of Columbia; ;>nd upon con-
i viction by verdict, confession, or otherwise, sh.nl be nnpns-
! oned id the penitentiary not more than ten nor less than two
i years.
| "Sec. . Jlndbe itjnrth?) enacted, That in case any slave
j or slaves so induced, pt r«uadod, or enticed to run away, or
' a-si?t  d in luuning awa>, or harbored with the intent to as-
[ sum him, hci, or them in j mining away or escapuii fiom ser-
I vice, t lta!i actually run away and escape from service of the
1 lawful owner or owneis, any pen-on convicted a> aforesaid
of Mich enuciiii!, persu.«diiig, assisting, or hat boring, shall
I aKo oe sentenced oy the >;uii couit to pay to the owner or
owm-is ot said slave or slsives the value ot the s<i:iih, to be
a>*essed and detei mined by the said court, to be recovered
by ex'-iuttun as in ca-es o{ other judgments.
- "She. . Jind be it fuitkcr enuUed, Tli.tt the said cor-
porations and ilie said levy court re^ptctively shall be and
they are hereby invented with the power to prohibit the
coming of free n^g.oes to reside within their respective
jurisdictional limits, and to remove therefrom all Iree ne-
groes residing,oi coming to ieside therein, who shall neglect
I orretu e to comply with the law.- and ordinances mad* or
• to he made touching such residence or tire prohibition
1 thereof; and to enforce stieh removal or a compliance with
such ordinance.-, by fine and imprisonment at labor, or either,
;1 at their discietion."
i After debate between Messrs. PEARCE, CLAY,
I BUTLER, and PRATT—
i Mr. PiriELP3. I believe the Senator who
i| offered the amendment has just now left the city;
at all events, he has left his seat here, under an ar-
rangement to pair oiT with me on these questions.
Under these circumstances, 1 move that the Senate
adjourn,
Mr. PRATT. I trust my friend willewithdraw
the motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. PRATT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow, and to
make it the special order for that time.
The motion was rejected on a division : ayes
18, noes 19.
The question recurring on the amendment-of
Mr. Pearce, Mr. TURNEY and Mr. PRATT de-
manded the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 ask for a 'division of
the question. I am willing to vote for that branch
of the amendment which inflicts punishment for
the abduction of slaves and persuading them to
run away. I think that is a matter of immediate
necessity. I can vote for that, but I cannot vote
for the other branch of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment being
composed of separate sections, is susceptible of
division.
The question then being taken, by yeas and
nays, on that branch of the amendment providing
punishment for enticing slaves away from ihis
District, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Me-srs. Atchison, Barnwell, Ronton, Berrien,
Bright, Butler, Davis of Mi.-sisstppi, Dawson, Dickinson,
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foore, Houston, Hunter, Jones,
King, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Ru-k, Sebastian, Soul6, Siur-
geon, Turnev. Under wood, and Whitcomb—25.
NAY'S—M<>srs. Baldwin, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis
of iMarsaehu-setts, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing,
Greene, Hunlm, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Wales, and
Winthrop—15.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the remaining amendment, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Benton, Berrien,
Bright, Butlpr, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson,
D' dg'? of Iowa. Downs Foote, Houston, Hunter, Jones,
King, Ma*on, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul£, Tur-
ney, and Whitcoinb-^24.
r\AYS—Messr^. Baldwin, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davton, Dodge of Wiscon-m, Ewing,
Fetch, G eene, Hamlin, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Stur-
geon, Underwood, Wales, and Winthrop—18.
The question then recurred on the substitute of
Mr. Foote.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, being in the full-
est sense of the term a compromise man, and
finding that this amendment of the Senator from
Maryland has received the sanction ofthe Senate,
I will sacrifice my own opinion to that of the Sen-
ate, and afk leave to withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT. That will require unani-
mous consent, as the amendment has been modi-
fied since it was originally offered.
Mr. BERRIEN. I prefer to have a vote on the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Objection beingmade, the
amendment cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. SOULE asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Foote's amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN. Before that question is put, I
wish to make an inquiry of the Chatr. Will the
amendments which have been adopted be affected
by the action of the Senate upon this amendment ?
The PRESIDENT. The amendmems which
have been made to the original bill fall if this
amendment be adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion to the withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I suppose I can withdraw
my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate then
i adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, September 4, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
LIST OF PENSIONERS.
Mr. FULLER inquired what was the first busi-
ness in order ?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the resolution reported yesterday morning by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] from
the Committee on Printing. The question is on
agreeing to the resolution:
" Resohed, That five thousand copies of the report of the
Secretary of War, made io the Housh, contaiwii.g a lu-t of
the names of the pern-toners pla ed upon the pension rolls,
a'ter U e 12th day ol October, A. D, lb35, be panted and
bound for the u>e ot the House."
Mr FULLER explained the reasons which
had influenced the committee to report in favor of
printing the number of copies recommended. In
1835, Senator Hayne, of South Carolina, intro-
duced into the Senate a resolution which passed
that body, calling upon the Secretary of War to
