650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
how this is to be done, but it is my solemn con-
viction that the universal emancipation of the
African race of this country would lead to the
gradual and insensible, but certain extinction of
that race.
Sir, the history of this very country proves the
truth of this assertion. Where now are the Indian
tribes that once roamed in wild freedom over this
continent? The history of Mexico proves it.
Where now are the Tlascalans, the Tolucans,
the Aztecs, and the other numerous Indian nations
of that country ? The history of the French and
British West indies proves it. It is a melancholy
fact, but it is a fact, that the negroes "m these islands
are rapidly becoming extinct. But, sir, let the
consequence be what it may to the negro, or the
white, my opinion is, that if a Southern Confed-
eracy ever be constituted, (which God in his
mercy avert!) the institution of slavery, as it now
exists, will not continue in existence, in its present
shape, for a quarter of a century.
Mr. President, 1 firmly believe that the rights
of the South, notwithstanding all the annoyances
to which they are subjected, are better protected
under our present Constitution and Government
than they could possibly be by any other scheme
or plan which the ingenuity of man could devise.
They are protected against the foreign world, the
world abroad—by the character, and power, and
majesty of this great nation. They are protected
from the North by the obligation and guarantees
of the Constitution. You will say no; you will
say ihe North does not respect these guarantees.
But I say the Constitution is a restraint upon the
North, a powerful restraint; it imposes some re-
straint on all, even on the rankest Abolitionists;
and it imposes a binding restraint upon all those,
whatever may be their abstract opinions, who love
their Constitution,and theirGovernment, and their
country—their whole country—and who prefer
the safety and perpetuity of this great Republic to
the abolition of slavery or the emancipation of the
negro; arid 1 need scarcely say that these consti-
tute a vast majority of the northern people.
It is my opinion, then, that the true policy as
well as the duty of the South, is loyalty to the
Constitution and fealty to the Government. This
is the policy and the duty of the North also—the
policy and duty of the whole American people.
Let us preserve our Constitution, and fulfill all its
obligations with true American honor and honesty,
if we wish to preserve this great American repub-
lican Government. 1 will no longer detain ihe
Senate.
Several Senators. Go on as long as you wish.
Mr. SHIELDS. I thank the members of the
Senate for their kindness and patience, but I do
not wish to trespass any further. However, there
is one matter I forgot to allude to. I have said
that it is the duty and policy of the North as well
as the South to stand honestly and faithfully by
the Constitution—that every patriot and hones't
man is bound by its guarantees. In this spirit I
am prepared to vote lor any reasonably bill for the
restoration of fugitive slaves. The clause of the
Constitution which provides for this subject is as
binding on me as any other provision of'that in-
strument; and 1 am ready and willing to perform
my obligation in this matter. 1 have done.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean now to go at
large into a consideration of the questions that aie
pending before this Senate and before the country.
I am restrained, sir, because I feel that both the
State and the section of country which I represent,
are standing in a decided and ascertained minori-
ty. I have been made to feel, that what is, or what
is not to be done in reference to this question,
has not yet been disclosed by the majority. I do
not know what their purpose is, but'l feel that I
might do a wrong to those whom I represent, and
possibly to the southern States, were I at present
to take any position that might interfere with the
future settlement of these questions. Sir, the
point of division between the States where
slavery exists, and the States where slavery
does not exist, is this; We claim, under the Con-
stitution, a right in law, for all or any of our citi-
zens to go into any territory belonging to the
United States, with all or any of their property,
and to reside there, and to enjoy it as their proper-
ty, without molestation or hindrance, under the
piotection of the Constitution, so long as it remains
a territory. We hold that a territory is, in the |
terms of the Constitution, " the property of all |
the United States;" and so long as the southern
States where slavery exists, are constituents of
these United States, they have the right to go into
that territory, to reside there with their property,
and to enjoy it under the protection of the Consti-
tution. That is the right, clearly, and I hope dis-
tinctly, defined upon the part of the South, so far
as I understand it. What is said upon the other
side? It is said, that the majority of those who
represent the people of the United States in Con-
gress, have a right by law, to prohibit the people
of the southern States from taking one species of
property into their territory; and that there is
nothing in the Constitution to prevent it. What
is the position on the other side? Now, sir, not-
withstanding what we have heard just now from
the Senator over the way, [Mr. Shields,] as to
the consequence of the assertion of this right on
the part of the southern States—notwithstanding
what may be his opinions of the impolicy of main-
taining such a right on their part, they are pre-
pared to assert it, and to make it good, cost what
it may. Sir, the State of Virginia has asserted
it; Mississippi has asserted it; Carolina has as-
serted it; Georgia has asserted it; Alabama has
asserted it; and what they shall do in such event,
is no longer a matter to be controverted. Their
position is taken.
Now, sir, I have said, and I repeat it, that I do
not mean now to go into the discussion of the
questions involved in this sectional division. I
must wait until they are presented in a more prac-
tical point of view. I have arisen principally to
present, not so much to this Senate as to those I
represent at a distance, what is the present posture
of these questions. It is the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foofu] to re-
fer all these controverted questions to a select com-
mittee, in the hope and the belief, expressed by
that Senator, that it will be in the power of a com-
mittee so raised to adjust them. What are the
questions? The organization of governments for
the territories—the expediency of creating one
or more new states in Texas—the proposition for
the purchase of her public lands—a proposition
to define her boundaries, and a proposition to
admit the Territory of California under the State
Government which she has recently assumed.
These are the questions. We are met at the
threshold by a motion, coming from the State of
Connecticut, by the honorable Senator over the
way, [Mr. Baldwin,] modified and adopted, I
believe, by a Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] to except from that reference the question of
the admission of California; and the reason avowed
is, that the admission of California, as she is now
I presented under the constitution which the inhab-
itants of California have adopted, and with the
boundaries which that constitution has prescribed,
must be taken up and entertained in this Senate as
a separate question, to be decided upon its own
merits, separate from and unconnected with what
we consider as kindred questions, and necessarily
to be considered and adjusted at the same time.
Now, sir, we weie told yesterday, by the Sena-
tor fiom Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] who moved
this committee, that, in his judgment, the act ad-
mitting California into this Union, before the other
questions were settled, would be taken by the
southern States as offensive—as" indicating the
purpose of the majority of Congress to exclude
their people from all the territories; and further,
as he believed, the admission of California as a
separate and independent question would involve
a dissolution of this Union. Sir, upon this floor,
under the grave and heavy responsibilities belong-
ing: to all of us, we are bound to form the best
judgment of which we are capablc, in the difficul-
ties that surround us, and to express it. Sir, what
the consequences may be of the admission of Cal-
ifornia as she stands now, by a separate and inde-
pendent vote, I am not prepared to say. It rests
with others, not with me. But 1 am prepared to
say this; that if it be done as the act of a majority,
and against the united dissenting vote of all the
slaveholding States, it will require no prophet to
foretell what the consequences will be upon the
minds of the southern people. Sir, 1 am not one
of those, if there be any, who aie opposed to the
admission of California. Far from it. There is
no man who sympathises more deeply than I do
with the people now in that territory. There is
no man who would go further, consistently with
safety to others, to provide a government fcr
them, or to ratify that which they have provided
for themselves. And it is that I may be saved
from the necessity of voting against their admis-
sion into the Union that I deprecate the action
thus proposed by a sepaiate vote upon the admis-
sion of California. Sir, the point at which the ac-
tion of the States of the South has been levelled,
in the settlement of this question, is the interdic-
tion of slavery in the territories, passing under the
modern historical name of the Wilmot proviso 
the interdiction of slavery in the territories.
Now, sir, what is California at this day, at th 3
moment that I speak? What are the federal re-
lations of that people to the United States ? Cali-
fornia is a territory, nothing but a territory—and
I say it without the least disparagement to the ac-
tion of her people in convention—California is at
this day and this moment a tenitory, and known
only as a territory to the Constitution and the laws.
She cannot become a State, either in the accepta-
tion of national law, or within the interpretation
of our Constitution, until she becomes so by the
assent of the Government of the United States,
the owner of the territory, or unless she should
place herself in opposition to the Government, and
make good her claim, vindicating it by force of
arms. She now remains a territory; and with
every disposition which I cordially entertain to
throw no obstacle in the way of the people there in
the formation of a State government, or of a recog-
nition of a State government already formed, I am
not prepared to do it, and I cannot do it, while it
is in derogation of the rights of others—the rights
of citizens of the southern States.
The Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,]
who addressed the Senate some time ago, took the
ground distinctly, and avowed it in his place upon
this floor, that the question of the admission or non-
admission of California, was the weakest form for
the South in which the question of slavery or no
slavery could be presented. Why did he say so'
He said so because it might be considered as com-
plicated with the light of a people to govern them-
selves; and it might be ascribed to the South that
their true objection to the admission of California,
should such objection be made, was, that in deci-
ding for themselves, the people had excluded
slavery. Now, sir, circumstances and events over
which none have control, have placed it in the
power of those representing the free States here to
change the issue in form, although not in fact.
The attraction of the gold mines has hurried an
immense population -into that territory, and the/
have felt themselves strong enough to assume an
independent government. In doing this, they have
assumed a boundary embracing the entire Pacific
front, and they have, by their fundamental law,
excluded the people of all the southern States fi om
removing there with their slave property. Now,
sir, I have no desire, for all this, to remand them
to a territorial state, and, under'proper conditions,
to refuse them admission into the Union, with such
institutions as they deem best for themselves; but,
before this is done, I am bound to insist on such
a division of the common property that the rights
of all shall be regarded.
. I understood the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Webster,] in speaking of the ad-
' mission of this State of California, to say that his
opinions upon that question were reserved; that
he could see no reason at a future day to refuse
admission to California with suitable boundaries.
Since then, he has announced his purpose to be to
admit her with her present boundaries. Now,
, Mr. President, what I wish to say to honorable Sen-
J ators who are prepared to vote for the admission
of California with her limits as now prescribed—
j if their true purpose be, as I doubt not it is, to do
; no actgratuiiously, which may prevent the adjust-
I ment of our differences—is this: Forbear that
vote until some disposition is made of the remain-
ing territories. Why should it be doner Cali-
fornia has assumed the form of a State govern-
ment, and is now, as we are informed, regularly
organized—two houses of legislation, a judiciary,
and an executive, all appointed, all in operation.
I am perfectly aware that their authority must be,
to a certain extent, weakened, and, their resources
not fully under the control of their people, that
new vigor and new life will be infused into them
as soon as their existence is acknowledged upon
the part of the United States, and they are admit-
ted into the Union, But I cannot see so great a
necessity for it as to have it done now, in a hurried
