1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
051
manner and prematurely, and before other kin-
dred questions are considered, the adjustment of
which is to be vitally affected by such preference
to California. After the State is carved out, there
remains a territory in California two or three times
as large in extent, and with Some forty or fifty
thousand peoi le, to be provided with a govern-
ment. Again, there is the Territory of New Mex-
ico, pressing, by a petition on our tables, for a gov-
ernment to protect them. I do not see why one
is more pressing upon us than the other; but I do
see, although 1 cannot express it more forcibly
than it was yesterday expressed by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] why a proper re-
gard to a large portion of the States should require
us to act upon the territories before we act upon
the State of California.
Sir, if there be a man upon this floor who has a
more sacred regard—a more superstitious attach-
ment, if I may so express it—to the Constitution
which now binds these States together than he
who now addresses you, I do not know who he is.
If there be a State in this Union which has given
more undoubted proofs of loyalty to the Consti-
tution than the State which I represent in part, I
know not what State it is. But, sir, knowing
that people as I know them, they would not re-
gard the Constitution as worth the parchment on
which it is impressed, if it is to be maintained
at the expense of rights which they intended it
should secure. No, sir, just as cordially as they
came into this Union, so will they go out of it
when they are satisfied that the bonds of Union
are regarded by the majority only for the purpose
of oppression.
Now, Mr. President, I submit it to honorable
Senators who have at heart, as I know they have,
the preservation of the Union, and the design to
save any or all from the consequences of disunion
which have been so strikingly depicted here—I
call upon them to pause before they bring into it
the State of California, under the constitution
adopted by her people, before some final disposi-
tion has been made of the great questions yet un-
decided in reference to the government of the re-
maining territories.
Sir, I hope I am no alarmist; I feel no alarm
myself; but I know the people of the country
from which I come, well. I believe I know the
people of the southern States, through their repu-
tation and by their acts. I know their deeply ex-
cited feei ng; and I know that nothing can bring
home to them a keener sense of their condition as
a hopeless minority, nothing will more fill them
with alarm, than the admission of another free
State carved out of the territory in dispute, before
the question of prohibiting slavery in the territo-
ries that remain is finally disposed of.
Mr. President, I repeat again, and I believe in so
doing, I express the sentiment of the people of those
States, that there are none who are against the ad-
mission of California as a State, or who desire to
have herdelayed longerthanis necessary to the pro-
tection of their rights and their safety: 1 mean Cali-
fornia with suitable boundaries—a question which I
may discuss when the proposition toadmit Califor-
nia comes directly before us—boundaries which
will leave to the people of those States the liberty
of enjoying a portion of that territory, should they
think proper to do so, or it be found adapted to
their condition.
We have heard here from various quarters, and
from high quarters, and repeated on all hands—
repeated here again to-day by tlie honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] that there is a
law of nature which excludes the southern people
from every portion of the State of California. I
know of no such law of nature—none whatever;
but 1 do know the contrary, that if California had
been organized with a territorial form of govern-
ment only, and for which, at the last two sessions
of Congress, she has obtained the entire southern
vote, the people of the southern States would have
gone there freely, and have taken their slaves there
in o-reat numbers. They would have done so be-
cause the value of the labor of that class would
have been augmented to them many hundred fold.
Why, in the debates which took place in the con-
vention in California which formed the constitution,
and which any Senator can now read for himself,
afier the provision excluding slavery was agreed
upon, it was proposed to prohibit the African race
altogether, free as well as bond. A debate arose
upon it; and the ground was distinctly taken, as
shown in those debates, that if the entire African
race was not excluded, their labor would be found
so valuable that the owners of slaves would bring
them there, even though slavery were prohibited,
under a contract to manumit them in two or three
years. And it required very little reasoning, on
the part of those opposed to this class of popula-
tion, to show that the productiveness of their labor
would be such as to cause that result. An estimate
was gone into with reference to the value of the
labor of this class of people, showing that it would
be increased to such an extent in the mines of
California that they could not be kept out. It was
agreed that the labor of a slave in any one of the
States from which they would be taken was not
worth more than one hundred or one hundred and
fifty dollars a year, and that in California it would
be worth from four to six thousand dollars. They
would work themselves free in one or two years,
and thus the country would be filled by a class of
free blacks, and their former owners have an ex-
cellent bargain in taking them there.
I do not mean to go now into what may be suit-
able boundaries. I may do so when the question
is properly before us, and shall be disposed to deal
as liberally as a proper regard to the rights of others
will admit. The people now in California have
gone from every quarter of this country. There
are among them my neighbors and friends, and
in large numbers, in whose success and welfare I
feel a deep interest. Those with whom I act can
have no interest or object in defeating or in delay-
ing their elevation to the platform of the States—no
purpose to interfere with any policy they may
deem most conducive to their welfare. But, on
their part, they can have no just ground of com-
plaint "if, while portioning them off in independ-
ence, we retain for others who may come after
them a reasonable share of the common property.
The question of boundary, sir, is one not proper
to be left altogether to the interested party. Con-
gress should determine it with due regard certainly
to the interests of those in possession, but with an
eye always to the rights and interests of all the
people of all the States.
But, sir, to come back to the matter in reference
to which principally I have risen. The Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] who has taken
this subject m charge, informs us that the territo-
rial bills are in posture of legislative precedence,
and that to act first on the California bill will be
to put them back in order to give precedence to
California.
The same effect will be produced if we detach
the California bill from the proposed reference. I
suggest, therefore, that we take up these territorial
bills, and pass them in the order in which they
stand, and as they have been reported. And, that
being done, the way is open for the admission of
California as one of the States of the Union, sub-
ject only to such modifications of boundary as
may be found right, or such conditions, if any be
suggested, as the terms of the Constitution may
require.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will venture to submit
a few remarks upon the proper course of proceed-
ing m relation to this subject. When the Senator
from Mississippi first submitted his resolution I
was against raising this committee and making
the reference at that time, because I thought there
were other members who might be desirous of
submitting their views, and that they ought to
have the whole subject before them to debate upon
as broad as it had been presented by my col-
league's resolutions. If there be any member on
this floor who wishes that broad latitude to speak
upon, I would still be disposed to continue the
whole subject-before the Senate, so as to give
them opportunity; but, if thete be none such, 1
am willing to adopt the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi, in the hope of avoid-
ing the disagreeable predicament in which some |
Senators will consider themselves to be placed, as
is indicated by the Senator from Virginia. I think
that, in matters of great moment, such as those we
now have to act upon, we ought to consult, as far
as we can, the feelings of every one, and try, as
far as we can, not to cieate any just foundation for
complaint on the part of any one. With these
views, I shall vote against the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut, hoping
that if the committee be raised at all—and I be-
lieve, sir, I shall vote for raising it—that not only
the lull for the admission of California, but the
territorial bills shall also go to that committee;
and trusting also that the committee will first act
upon the bill providing for the reclamation of fugi-
tive slaves,.and then make a recommendation to
the Senate and the country in relation to all the
other bills; and that when they come back again,
we shall take them up in the order the committee
present them, and act upon them in that order.
There will then be a pledge, sir, as far as the rec-
ommendation of the committee can operate, that a
"compromise in relation to these bills shall be car-
lied out.
In that order I would advise the committee to
proceed. In the first place, proceed with the bill
for the reclamation of fugitive slaves. That is the
first step towards settling the agitations of the
country. In the next place, take upeitherthe ter-
ritorial bills, or the bill admitting California as a
State, and admit California, regulating the bounda-
ries, either changing them or letting them remain
as they are; and then pass the territorial bills with-
out any proviso, thus leaving the question of
slavery, its existence or non-existence, its intro-
duction or non-introduction, to depend entirely
upon the legislation of the people of the territories,
or upon the judicial interpretation of the constitu-
tion as contended for by some gentlemen of the
South. It then becomes a judicial question; for,
if a slave be introduced into New Mexico or Utah,
the question arises for the judges to decide under
the constitution, as it now exists, unless the legis-
lature of the territory acts upon it, whether the
slave can be held in bondage in a land made free
by Mexican law ? If that course would be adopted
by the committee, and they should give to it the
weight of their high recommendation, it would
relieve, to some extent, the embarrassment which
some gentlemen seem to labor under m regard to
the. admission of California under present circum-
stances.
I do not think that, if even the California bill
was taken up first, and she was admitted, the con-
sequences are to result which my friend from Vir-
ginia has pointed out, and which were somewhat
more plainly indicated by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi on yesterday. I do not think, sir, that any
such consequences ought to result, or will result;
but I have so much respect for the opinions and
feelings of those gentlemen, and for others with
whom they are associated, and for whom they no
doubt feel themselves authorized to speak, that I
will not force upon them the adoption or rejection
of measures, or a vote upon these highly import-
ant subjects, of such vital interest, as they con-
ceive, to their constituents—I say 1 will not force
it upon them, when they protest against it, and
thus bring them to do an act which they think
will lead to such injurious consequences. There-
fore, for one, I am willing to adopt the resolution
which was originally proposed to raise this com-
mittee, and refer all the subjects to their con-
sideration; and I trust that the committee will be
able to make their report in a week or two at the
furthest.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) By Monday.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The sooner the better,
in my opinion. Meantime, I think the remarks of
the Senator from Virginia are entitled to some
weight. The government of California is organ-
ized; the State government is going on; and she
can suffer no inconvenience or injury from a slight
procrastination of her admission. To be sure, it
may be a matter of some little personal conve-
nience to herself that her respected delegation
should be admitted on this floor as soon as possi-
ble; but it will be but a temporary delay; at all
events, one which will be remedied in a few weeks,
if the course pursued here is one tending to har-
mony.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is, the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut, to amend the resolution offered
by the Senator from Missouri.
Upon this motion Mr. BENTON asked the
yeas and navs; arid they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no idea of detaining
the Senate long, and I have arisen only to state,
that 1 concur entirely with what has been said by
my friend from Virginia, and to offer a suggestion
or two before the vote is taken on this question. It
is now in the power of a majority.to rescue the
Union, and to save one portion of this country
from mortification and insult, by making such
issues as at least will be consistent with their
