THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f 3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1850.
communicate a list of all the pensioners to be
found upon the pension rolls. The Secretary of
War communicated the list, and its publication
disclosed extensive forgeries and frauds upon the
Pension Office, by several pension agents, who
had, for a series of years, drawn pensions upon
fictitious and forged certificates. One notable in-
stance was that of Robert Temple, of Vermont.
The document which it is now proposed to print
contains a list of all pensioners whose names have
been placed upon the pension rolls since the report
printed by the Senate in 1835; and if any similar
frauds have been committed since that time, this
publication would lead to a similar exposure.
The objections heretofore urged against print-
ing this manuscript were, mainly, that it would
furnish facilities for pension agents and others dis-
posed so to do, to increase the amount of pension
claims against the department, which might not
otherwise be called for; and thus the Government
would be the loser by the information furnished.
He held that if it was the policy of the Govern-
ment to furnish gratuities for meritorious services,
it was also the duty of the Government to furnish
the beneficiaries information and reasonable facili-
ties for verifying their clahns to those gratuities.
In answer to the further objection, that any frauds
might be practiced upon the Government, that as-
sumes the fact that there were persons disposed to
commit such frauds; but the publication, if it did
furnish such facilities for frauds, also furnished
means for exposure and detection.
Prom the letter of the Clerk of the House, which
was referred to the committee, the manuscript had
been kept sealed and no person was permitted to
have access to it; yet the committee, from infor-
mation furnished them, were led to believe that
there were claim agents in this city and else-
where, who already had in their possession copies
of the whole or part of this manuscript, and were
using the information they had thu3 possessed
themselves of for the purposes of private specula-
tion. A general diffusion throughout the whole
community of the information contained in the
manuscript would, in a grfiatmeasure, deprive them
of the opportunity thus to speculate and impose
upon the ignorance of worthy claimants. It was a
matter of general notoriety that agents were pub-
iishing their notices, and distributing them through
the country as having extraordinary facilities for
obtaining information interesting to claimants.
Mr. BOWLIN was understood to say, the esti-
mated cost of the publication of these volumes was
#4,000; his opinion was, that it would prove to be
four times that amount. If they ordered them
printed at the contract price, they certainly never
would be printed; or if printed at that rate, the
compensation would not amount to more than
thirty-three and a third per oent. upon the outlay.
If, tnen, they intended to print these books, they
ought'to know what would be the expense. He
would move to refer the subject back to the com-
mittee, with instructions to inquire what the ex-
pense of publication would be.
Mr. FULLER (interposing) was understood to
say, that from inquiries made, the committee had
ascertained that the contract price would be about
half a reasonable compensation.
Mr. BOWLIN asked if the committee expected
the work to be done at contract price ?
Mr. FULLER. That will be a question for the
House to determine.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to refer the whole sub-
ject back to the Committee on Printing, with in-
structions to the committee to ascertain what
would be the expense of the publication.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, if the document was
ordered to be printed, he thought the printing
should be done by the public printers under con-
tract. They had contracted to do the printing of
Congress; they were men of property, and were
certainly able to perform what they had under-
taken. He thought the House ought to give them
the opportunity to fulfill their contract, and that
they ought to be held to it. He believed evidence
would be exhibited to the House, showing that if
it had not been for the faltering policy the House
iio
New Series No. 110.
had pursued, all the printing would have been
promptly executed and delivered according to con-
tract. But so long as gentlemen talked about
giving up the contract, it would not be done. Let
them presume that the printers would do their duty.
Mr. GREEN called the gentleman from Illinois
to order for irrelevancy of remark.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
remarks of the gentleman from Illinois, [a laugh,]
and therefore is not able to decide whether he was
in order or not. The gentleman will confine him-
self to the question before the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH (resuming) repeated that
he was in favor of sending ihis work to the pub-
lic printer. He believed it would be performed
by the next session. And he believed when the
House came to look at the great losses which it
was said had been sustained by the public printer
under the present contract, they would be found
to be small.
Mr. GREEN again rose to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from.Illinois
will confine his remarks to the report of the com-
mittee.
Some conversation followed on the point of or-
der.
Mr. WENTWORTH continued. He professed
to know something about the printing business—
whether piofits could be made at certain rates or
not. He contended that the present contractor
and his surety were able to do this work in time:
he was m favor of their doing it. As to any in-
formation which the House might want upon the
subject of printing generally, tEey would have it
in a few days.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, remarking that
until the Texas boundary bill was disposed of,
they had only the morning hour for reports of
committees and for other business, and that this
was a proposition to increase the expenditures of
the House, which could as, well be acted upon at
some future time—moved to lay the report and
resolution on the table.
The question was taken, and the vote was—ayes
55, noes 57—no quorum voting.
Mr. MARSHALL called the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. M. inquired if it was the sealed document
which had been brought before the House at a
previous stage of the session, to which this reso-
lution referred ?
The SPEAKER was understood to reply that
that was the document.
Mr. ORR. Does not the report of the committee
state what will he the cost of the publication ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is notjhf
question before the House. It is upon laying the
subject on the table.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
report estimated the cost of printing at the contract
price.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, ayes 54, noes 86.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. JONES. Will it be in order to move to
amend this resolution now?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion to
refer.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bowlin] to withdraw the motion, to
enable me to move an amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN withdrew the motion.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the resolution
by striking out five thousand copies, and inserting
the usual number, which he believed was one
thousand three hundred copies, and would furnish
to each member of the House two copies bound.
He did not understand that this report contained
any definite or reliable evidence of what was due
from the Government to the claimants; it merely
put the names of every person who had been
placed upon the pension roll since 1835, the
amount of pension allowed, and when their pension
commenced. Such a report was made to the Sen-
ate, and by that body ordered to be printed, in 1835
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
PULLER and JONES as to the comparative cost
of printing five thousand copies, and one thousand
three hundred copies—Mr. J. expressingtheopin-
ion that his amendment would effect a saving of
some $2,000, and Mr. F.' contending that no
purposes of economy would be subserved by it.
Mr. JONES further argued that it could be of
no benefit to print more than the usual number of
copies for the use of members, as it was not a doc-
ument adapted to general circulation, and would
communicate no valuable information to the pub-
he. Most or all the pensioners whose names were
mentioned, or their heirs, had undoubtedly re-
ceived their pensions.
Mr. FULLER said, the Senate, when they or-
dered to be printed a similar work, in 1835, pro-
vided for its distribution to each court of record
in the United States, where all the pension papers
had to be authenticated. If the number of five
thousand proposed by the committee were now
ordered, it would furnish a sufficient number for
such distribution. I renew the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Powlin,] as I
promised to do so, and ask the previous question
upon it.
Mr. ORR requested the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. JONES acceded to the request.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. ORR said,he had not risen with any inten-
tion to detain the House by making a speech, but
he desired to say that he did not understand the
necessity for the adoption of the motion .of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin.] The
Commifee on Printing, whose duty it was to in-
vestigate the subject, reported to the House the
cost of printing this document—they had reported
that it would cost a particular sum. What, then,
was the object of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Bowlin] in moving to'recommit the report?
He (Mr. O.) supposed that it was to ascertain
what might be the cost, not according to the con-
tract which had been made with the public printer,
but what the cost might be supposed to be at other
rates, and if the printing were given to some one
else. He referred to the refusal of the House,
in the case of the proceedings which took place
on the death of the late President Taylor, to take
the printing of these proceedings from the printer
of the House, lest it should be considered that the
contract was thereby affected. He thought that
the effect of the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] would be to take the
work from the hands of the contractor, and to give
him an excuse for pleading that he could not com-
ply with his contract because the House had taken
a portion of the printing from him. He (Mr. O.)
thought that the estimates which had been report-
ed by the Committee on Printing should be con-
sidered sufficient, and that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] should be
voted down.
Mr. BOWLIN. I desire only to say that I
have no object in taking this work from any one.
Mr. MARSHALL proceeded to refer (as the
Reporter understood, for he could not hear) to the
proceedings which had heretofore taken place in
relation to two documents which had been trans-
mitted to the House, with a view to ascertain to
which of the two documents this report related.
He desired to know whether this was the sealed
document which had heretofore been communi-
cated by the Cleik of the House, accompanied by
a letter asking what should be done with it.
Mr. FULLER was understood to reply that
this was the sealed document.
Mr. MARSHALL said, it was then the evi-
d^pce of the indebtedness of the Government to
persons who had not got their pensions.
Mr. FULLER was understood to say, that the •
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] was
under a misapprehension, and he (Mr. F.) would
send to the Clerk's table to be read the original
resolution calling for the information embodied in
the document.
