1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 4,
In reply to an inquiry by Mr. Marshall—
Mr. FULLER wag understood to say, that the
document contained subject-matters upon which
the ComTnissioner of Pensions had acted, but it
also contained information incidentally affecting
other persons.'
Mr. CONGER briefly opposed the adoption of
the report. The document embodied facts upon
which the Commissioner of Pensions had already
acted. There was no earthly use in printing it,
and he demanded the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question or-
dered, (which main question was on the motion of
Mr. Bowlw to recommit with instructions.)
Mr. ORR. 1 ask that the Clerk may read that
portion of the report of the committee which
specifies the amount which the printing would cost.
Mr. MORTON, (to the Speaker.) Will it be in
order to move that the whole subject be laid upon
the table?
The SPEAKER. The motion will be in order.
Mr. MORTON. I make the motion.
The question " Shall the whole subject be laid
on the table?" was then taken,'and the vote stood
—ayes 80, noes 41.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the select commit-
tee to which the subject was referred on the 22d
of April last, to investigate whether Mr. Ewmg
had not reopened and paid certain accounts, and
whether he had not improperly paid interest on
others, made a report* for the majority of the com-
mittee, accompanied by the following resolutions:
1. Resolved, That the payment hv the Secretary of the In-
terior ot $32,382 50, to the administrator of Commodore
James Ban on, as commutation pay for the naval services of
said Barron dining the revolutionary war, was made in vio-
lation of law. (
2. Resolved, That officers of the Virginia navy, dining
the war of the Revolution, are not entitled to commutation
pay.
3. Resolved, That the payment of compound interest in the
ca^e of Commodore James Barton was made in violation of
law.
4. Resolved, That the sum of $5 >,021 49, paid to Messrs.
Corcoran and Riugs, as assignee.-'ot Win. M. Gwinn, wa^
justly due the Chickasaw Indians, and was improperly paid
to Corcoran and Rigys.
Mr* RICHARDSON said that the papers ac-
companying the report were very voluminous, and
that it would be impossible for the House to act
upon the subject, unless the report, and a portion
of the documents upon which it was based, should
first be printed. He desired to be informed by
the Speaker whether, if he (Mr. R ) should move
to postpone the consideration of the subject for
two weeks, or for any other time, it would come
up for the action of the House without a motion
being made to take it up?
The SPEAKER (turning to Mr. Richardson,
and being therefore very imperfectly heard on the
left of the chair) was understood to say, that if
the consideration of the subject should be post-
poned to a day certain, it would come up on the
day to which it had been postponed, by the House
proceeding to the consideration of the business of
the morning hour. But, of course, the Chair could
not certainly anticipate what would be the business
before the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the further
consideration of this report be postponed until
Tuesday week, and that the report and aocompa-
nying papers bjs printed.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. VINTON. 1 hope that the consideration
of this report will not be postponed. I have an
amendment which I propose to offer to the resolu-
tion reported by the majority of the committee;
and I am also instructed by the minority of the
committee to submit a counter report, if the re-
port of the majority should be now received, I
suppose that the report of the minority will go
along with it.
The SPEAKER said, it would be understood
that the report of the minority would take the
same direction as the report of the majority of the
committee.
Mr. VINTON. I am opposed to the postpone-
ment   *
The SPEAKER, (interposing:.) The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
that the motion to postpone the consideration of a
subject to a day certain is not debatable.
Mr. VINTON. Well, sir. I will simply say
* See Appendix for majority and minority reports.
that I hope the consideration of the report will not
be postponed. I suppose the reports of the ma-
jority and minority will be ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have a minority report
on one of the resolutions, which I desire to send
to the Chair, that it may take the same direc-
tion with the other reports. It is impossible for
gentlemen to understand anything of these matters
until the papers shall have been printed.
The report was accompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the claim of G. W. and W. G. Ewing
acainst the Pottawatamie Indians was improperly ordered
to be paid by the Secretary of the Interior.
W. A. RrCHARDSON,
C. L. DUNHAM,
A. G. BROWN.
I concur with the minority of the committee in the fore-
going resolution ; but I do not agree with them in all the
views expiPssed in their repoft. THOS. ROSS. .
The question was then stated to be on the motion
to postpone.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANLY (with a remark or inquiry not
heard) called for a division of the question—first,
on the postponement, and then on printing.
The division was ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 81, nays 107; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albcrtsnjy, Allen, Ashe, Bay, Booth,
Bowhn, Alfiert G. Brown, William J. Brown, BuH, Joseph
Cable, Cartter, Williamson R. W. Cobb. Daniel, Dimnnck,
Disney, Dunlinm, Durkee, Ewing, Feath«r~ton, Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hammond, Haralf-on,
Harlan, Isham G. ILuri^, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas h.
Harris, flibhard, Hoa&land, Howard, Hubbard, Ittgp, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Inlian, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere, Leffler, Lmle-
field, Job Mann, McCVrnaMf, Robert M. McLane, Jvfe-
Uueen, Morchead, Morns, Morse, Old*-, Orr, Peaslee,
Peck, Phelffe, Potter, Richatdson, Robbing, Rol n«on, Ko>js,
Savaire, Sawtelle, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Stetson, Strong, Sweets-cr, Thomas, James Thorns son,
Toomb-, Wnahle, Waiden, Waldo, Wellborn, Werit-
worth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs Alexander, AMon, Anderson, Bayly,
Beale, Benneit, Bokee, Breck, Biicgs, Brooks, Burrow#:,
Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Clatke, Clingman, Cole, Conger, Ooi win, CrowHI, Dob>-rry,
Dickey, Dixon, Dotv, Duer, Duncan. Ednuuidson, Eliot,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freediey, Gentry, Golt, Gould,
Grinnell, fiaMoway, Iiaytnotid, Henry, Holladay, Holmes,
Houston, Howe. William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Kerr, George G King, Janrn s G. Kins?, John A. King, Levin,
Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McDowell, MoG.iuchey,
McKi^ock, Funs E. McLean, McMullen, McWiilie,
Meat ham, Meade, Million, Mooie, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, OjjIp, Oris. Owen, Parker, Phoenix, Pitman, Pow-
ell, Futnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rockwell, Root, Hose, Kum-
; «iev, Sackett, Sehenck, SchKimerliorii, Schoolcraft, Scddon,
' Sheppeid. Silvester, Sprague, Sranly, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taylor, Tlmrman, Tu< k, Underfill/, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Wallace, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Wood-
ward—lu7.
So the House refused to postpone the report.
The hour of twelve having arrived —
TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The SPEAKER announced the special order,
being- the bill from the Senate entitled "An act
*(No, 307) proposing to the State of Texas the es-
tablishment of her northern and western bound-
aries, the relinquishment by the said State of all
territory claimed by her exterior to said boundary,
and of all her claims upon the United States."
Mr. BOYD had moved to amend the bill by
attaching thereto a proposition piovidmg for the
establishment of a territoiial government over
New Mexico.
[Mr. B.'s amendment consists of several news-
paper columns, published in the Congressional
Globe, pp. 1685-7 It provides a territorial gov-
ernment {or New Mexico without the insertion of
the Wilmot proviso.]
Mr. CLiNGMAN had moved to amend this
amendment by adding the following as an addi-
tional section :
Jird be it further enacted, That all that porfjon of ferri-
toi#v acquised from Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, bounded as follows: By a line commencing in the
Pacific ocean, on the parallel of 36° north latitude, three
miles from the main land, running thence due east till it
strikes the Sierra Nevada, thence eastwardly and north-
wardly wnh the crest ot said mountain range until it strikes
the parallel of 37* north latitude, thence due east with said
parallel until it strikes the Sieira Madre, thence south-
wardly with the crest of the same until it leaches the
boundary between the United Starts and the Republic of
Mexico, thence wotvvardly with said boundaiy to the Pa-
cific ocean, (hence northwardly with the coa>t to the begin-
ning; the whole ot' the .sod territory to constitute the ter-
ritory of Colorado; and that the government oi said terri-
tory shall, in all re^pocts, be similar to that provided for the
teiritory of New Mexico by the accompanying provisional" I
this bill. I
the
The question being first on agreeing to
amendment to the amendment—
Mr. Mct ANE had last evening moved to refer
the bill and amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and had de-
manded the previous question.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
was upon the motion of Mr. McLane.*
Mr. McLANE withdrew his demand for the pre-
vious question. He said, his reason for so doing
was, that he found that his object had not been al-
together understood. It was supposed by some
that because he had made the motion to commit
he meant to vote to commit. He thought he had
very distinctly stated yesterday, that in his best
judgment any commitment or amendment of this
bill would be tantamount to "its defeat. He might
be mistaken; but this was his judgment. He had
to-day been appealed to by honorable gentlemen
on the other side of the House to withdraw the
demand for the previous question, to enable them
(if they were fortunate enough to get the floor)
to move a boundary line further south than that
which was now provided for by the bill, i. e.y to
take off from Texas more territory than the bill
took off—to take off as much territory as they be-
lieved belonged to the old province of New
Mexico. He had been appealed to in the same
spirit—a spirit which professed to desire a satis-
factory adjustment of these questions—to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, to en-
able gentlemen to move the Rio Grande as the
boundary. Now, he was assured by honorable
gentlemen on the other side, that they believed,
that they were confident that the motion to enlarge
the Territory of New Mexico—to run the line
further South than the bill provided, would
strengthen the bfil. He was assured by gentle-
men on his side, that they believed the bound-
ary of the Rio Grande could be carried as
the boundary of Texas. He would greatly pre-
fer that this Congiess should declare the Rio
Grande to be the boundary, than the line fixed
in this bill of Mr. Pearce. He would still more
desire that river to be taken as the boundary
than the line proposed on the other side of the
House. It was because he had no confidence that
either the one amendment or the oilier would
strengthen the bill, that he would not withdraw
the previous question. He believed the bill to be
stronger now than it would be in any shape in
which it could be put. Honorable gentlemen
would, of course, exercise their own judgment:
for himself, he should vote for the previous ques-
tion. He should not vote to commit; but if the
motion to commit prevailed, he should cheerfully
vote upon any amendment which might be moved.
His object was to pass the bill in the-shape in which
it could now be put, and in the shape in which he
believed it would be acceptable to the House, and
in which he thought it was the strongest in this
House and in the Senate. ^Now, he said to gen-
tlemen on the other side who were seeking to move
the boundary line, known as li Ewing's line,"
(which was near the line proposed in Mr. Clay's
compromise bill,) that that line was moved three
or four times in the Senate, and always beaten; it
always lost strength at the South without gaining
any material strength at the North. He believed
nobody voted for it except those who were op-
posed to the bill. It would be great folly in hun,
then, 
Mr. PRESTON KING interposed,and inquired
if there were not Texas bonds held at the stock-
board m Baltimore?
Mr. McLANE. I presume there is not a city
in the Union that has not upon its stock-board
some of that Texan stock; and \ would say to the
gentleman from New York, it* I have one objec-
tion to the bill stronger than another, it is that it
discriminates between Texan bonds and Texan
creditors. Men get the preferred stock just a?
they get any other; and if I could shape the bill
according to my own judgment, 1 would not make
any preferred stock: I would pay all the money to
Texas, and leave her to do just what she pleases
with it. But I would find myself in a very idle
task if X attempted, in a condition of things like
this, to press my individual views as to the man-
ner in which the money shall be distributed. I
will say to the gentleman from New York, that I
own none of the stock; and I think th^t is all 1
need say.
Mr. KING (in his seat.) Certainly, I suppose so.
