THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
April 5,
rights. Suppose that, under the existing state of
"things, California is admitted with her present
boundaries—as some of us propose—a disre-
gard of a practical and fundamental principle in
"the Constitution of the United States. There are
those who can reconcile it to their consciences to
waive all .objection, and organize California into a
$tate. I do not say that I am one of them; but I
do sayi that if you admit California, with her pres-
ent boundaries, separately, you do ah act of usur-
pation. And what comes next? Why, the terri-
torial bills will be brought forward, the Wilmot
proviso incorporated into them, or you refuse to
give any government at all, on the.ground that by
waiting, they can gradually be brought in, as Cal-
ifornia seeks now to be brought in, by assuming ft
position which the Constitution itself would not
nave authorized, under the original practice of this
Government. The Wilmot proviso, then, is put
Into these territorial governments, or else no gov-
ernment is given to them at all—leaving them to
come in, in the course of time, as California seeks
to come in. And the result of this action wili be
nothing more nor less than the exclusion of slavery.
I do not undertake to say whether slavery will
go there or not. If it may not go there because of
the laws of nature, it is an insult to the South to
have it prohibited by special enactment. But if
the Wilmot proviso is put upon these territorial
bills—I shall utter no threat—I shall not say what
influence it will have upon the temper of the south-
em people—I never have stated it—but I think I
understand our people very well, and. I think they
fully understand their rights, and will maintain
them. Sir, to make experiments of this kind up-
on the feelingsof the South, I consider an act—if
I may be allowed so to speak—of almost criminal
temerity. You would force California upon us,
and then put into the territorial bills the Wilmot
proviso-, or what is equivalent to it. If California
is associated with those measures which are in-
tended to be presented in one general compromise,
I will not say there wili not be acquiesence in the
course; for I am not piepared to state how far an
adjustment of that character will satisfy every sec-
tion of this Union; but if you take these issues
one by one, and leave the majority at liberty to
use its power on the other questions which have
been raised, you are presenting a most terrific and
disagreeable issue to the American people.
Mr. CLAY. ! believe that the immediate ques-
tion before the Senate is a proposition for amend-
ment, made either from this or the other side of
the hou>e, to the motion of the honorable Senator
from iMissi.ssippi, to refer this subject to a com-
mittee of thirteen; a proposition, the object of
which is to except from the general reference the
particular subject of California.
Mr. President, no one more than T do can de-
plore what is the manifest state of feeling and re-
lation of parties at this time, in both Houses of
Congress. It is in a great measure the result of
those most unhappy agitations which prevail in
Congress, and throughout the country. These ;
agitations have engendered feelings of distrust of
the honor and fidelity with which, one portion of
the common subject being disposed of, the other
portions of the same subject may be finally dis-
posed of. Sir, I do not partake of these feelings
to the extent which, I apprehend, some others
may. From the first moment of my entry into
this house until this, my anxious desire has been
to see these great questions settled and adjusted
amicably, and to see harmony and concord, and
fraternal affection once more restored to this divi-
ded, nnd, for the moment, unhappy, country;
and, sir, acting upon this feeling, I have favored
every proposition which has been offered, which
looked to such a termination of the subject as I
have described. Less confident, perhaps, than
others may be, m regard to particular modes of
adjusting the question, 1 have been for embracing
them all, no matter from what quarter they might
come—every one which looked toward restoring
union and harmony among this people. When,
therefore, the Senator from Mississippi presented
the proposition that is now under consideration, I
was ready to vote for it; if no good could be ac-
complished by it, I believed at least that it wouid
do no harm. And it is a great recommendation
to any project ihat it has the object in view to
which i have referred.
w Sir, 1 am ready, for one, to vote for the admis-
sion of California separately, or in conjunction
with the other territories, for which governments
are proposed, of the recently acquired or con-
quered provinces. I am ready to vote for them,
either separately or conjointly, with or without
the boundaries which she has prescribed for her-
self, but rather acquiescing, under all the circum-
stances of the case, in the boundary which she
has herself prescribed. I repeat, I am ready to
vote for her admission, at any time, and under
any circum'stahces, separately or conjointly. I
confess to you, sir, that when the message of the
President, communicating the constitution of Cal-
ifornia, was first received in the Senate chamber,
I was inclined to immediate and prompt action
upon the message, so as to admit at once the dele-
gation from California, who had come so far, and
traveled at such-an inclement season of the year,
under such unfavorable circumstances, and thus
constituting this infant and inchoate State one of
the States of this Union. I think it ought to have
been done instantly, promptly; but it has not been
done.
Causes which I did not anticipate have brought
into existence excited feelings, and a degree of
opposition, and have produced procrastination in
reference to the subject, of which we were totally
unaware. And now, sir, I say to those who are
friendly to the admission of California, and who
constitute, 1 believe, a large majority of this body,
and who are friendly to a prompt and immediate
admission of California, that I have been forced
by circumstances to come to the conclusion and
belief that the most rapid mode in which you can
get California admitted as a member of the Union,
is by combining in the same bill provisions for
her admission and provisions for the government
of the new tei'ritorie->; that if you propose—
though 1 will not go into minute circumstances—
if you propose the admission of California separ-
ately, there will be danger of opposition to the
passage of the measure, which will delay, if it do
not ultimately defeat, its passage a much longer
time than would be consumed by taking the course
of uniting the admission of California with meas-
ures for establishing governments for the other
territories. 1 have heard it said that it was dis-
respectful to California. How, I would ask, is it
disrespectful to California to combine her in a bill
which shall not only provide for her speedy ad-
mission, but shall also provide governments for
the territories ? I can conceive of no disrespect
being offered to her by pursuing such a course.
There is no more disrespect in putting her m a
bill with other kindred measures, than there would
be in placing a bill for her admission exclusively,
on the statute books, which shall contain other
bills and laws m relation to the government of the
territories. There is no disrespect in this; it is
imaginary—in my humble conception it is idle to
aflirm it. If you want her speedily admitted, give
her admission, and provide at ihe same time for
the government of the territories. And, sir, is
there not something exceedingly suitable in a com-
bination of these measures? By doing so, you at
once make an arrangement for the government of
all the territories acquired from Mexico; giving a
government, to be sure, of one description to one
and another to another, but still giving them all
governments suited to their respective conditions,
is there anything injurious, anything improper in
it? Then, sir, there is another great recommend-
ation in favor of tins course, which is, that we are
aiming at a compromise, a specific settlement—a
compromise that shall lead to the restoration of
peace and harmony among this disturbed and dis-
tracted people. As a compromise, you may put
into the till as many kindred subjects as it is
practicable to insert. I do not whSlly concur with
my colleague—though I am happy lo say we gen-
erally agree—in regaid to his suggestion of adding
to this bill a provision for the restoration of fugi-
tive slaves; but I insist upon it, that all that relates
to California, and all that relates to governments
for the territories, and, if you please, the adjust-
ment of the boundary of Texas—although, per-
haps, it would be better to leave that out—are
kindred subjects, and are ail proper to be inserted
in the same common bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My colleague is mis-
taken in supposing that I want the bill for the
reclamation of fugitive slaves to be made a part of
the same bill which provides for the admission of
California. I only suggested thut it should go to
the same committee.
Mr. CLAY. I was not present during the
livhole time my colleague was addressing the
Senate; but I understood him to signify that the
Subjects should all be embraced in the same bill.
The condition of my health scarcely justifies my
being here at all; but such is the deep inextinguish-
able anxiety I feel on this subject, that, even at
the risk of injury to my personal health, I feel
an irrepressible inclination always to be at my
post.
Sir, I have explained what I am inclined to
think is the best course to be pursued in relation
to this subject. I think that the whole subject and
all parts of the subject, in reference to propriety
and concurrence, and common character arid sym-
pathy between them, should be treated in combi-
nation, as I have suggested. That combination
can be disrespectful to no orte and to no portion of
the country; and it is a combination that is most
likely to terminate the unhappy difficulties in
which we find ourselves placed at the earliest day
and in the most satisfactory manner.
Entertaining these views, I had risen for the
purpose of stating that I cannot vote for the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the Senator
from Connecticut; 1 had hoped indeed that, on re-
flection, that amendment would have been with-
drawn. Sir, it seems to me wholly incompatible
with the purposes and the circumstances under
which the committee is to be formed. Why, sir,
when you constitute a committee of thirteeen, for
the purpose of endeavoring to arrange all these
subjects, will you manacle them, will you tie their
hands m regard to one of the most important
branches of the subject? -No, sir; if the amend-
ment prevail, there will be no advantagei n raming
a committee of thirteen, and, for one, I would as
soon vote against it as for it.
Mr. BENTON. On the reception of the Presi-
dent's message transmitting the constitution of
California, a proposition was made to refer this
subject to the Committee on the Territories, and I
believe I was the first to propose that the question
of the admission of California as a State should
be excepted from the general subjects which went
to that committee. And when that proposition
got overslaughed—I do not know how, for things
get overlooked and run over here, and 1 cannot
pretend to follow them up—when it was after-
ward proposed by my friend from Connecticut,
[Mr. Baldwin,] to except the question of the ad-
mission of ihe fcitate of California, from the partic-
ular motion to refer all these subjects to a commit-
tee of thirteen, having been thinking somewhat on
the subject, I suggested to him a modification of
his motion, which he accepted. It is to be sup-
posed, then, that I have been thinking on this sub-
ject, and that 1 have some reasons for my opinion
that California ought to be considered separately.
I had reasons then,and they have become stronger,
much stronger to-day than they were then. .And
I had intended, after hearing everything gentlemen
had to say on this subject, if no one proclaimed
the sentiments which 1 myself entertained, to take
an occasion, before the question was disposed of
to give the reasons to the Senate which induced
me to believe that the admission of California
should be considered as a separate question. It
has been my intention to do so; and, sir, I will
say that, at the head of the considerations which
appeal for the admission of California, stands the
course of honorable action. And 1, for one, will
never consent to make the admission of that State
weigh in the balance against the catching of runa-
way negroes; I never will consent to the bringing
of a State into this Union in that way. No one
State has ever yet been subjected to such a
condition. Nor will I go through the fouus of
adopting a system of measures which is to have
the obligatory form of a compiomise, and that
upon California, while she herself stands as an
outcast repulsed from our doors—to our binding
her to a system of measures, and she not here to
say aye or no to it. Sir, I entertain this feeling,
and I have some reasons for it, more than i can
give to-night.
Mr. CASS. If the Senator will permit, I will
move an adjournment.
Mr. BENTON. Very well, sir; I can hardly
expect to go on with a subject of this kind
to-night.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned until
Monday next.
