6S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
rity of the Constitution and upon southern rights
in the territories and in the States, he advocated a
southern convention in which the people of the
South would decide for themselves upop the proper
means to be resorted to in redress of grievances
and defence of rights. He was arrested in the
midst of his remarks by the expiration of the hour,
and save notice that he would write out and pub-
lish the whole speech. [It will be published in the
Appendix.}
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, followed in a
speech upon the same general subject. He depre-
cated the excitement existing between the differ-
ent sections of the Union, and denied that it had
originated wholly or mainly—as was often charged
—wi'h the South. He opposed the admission
of California, at this time, as an independent
question; but desiring a full settlement of all the
vexed territorial questions, declared his willing-
ness to vote for its admission, if coupled with a
bill, establishiug territorial governments over the
remaining territories, containing no provision upon
the subject of slavery. He desired the inhabi-
tants of the other territories, in forming State con-
stitutions, to be left free to settle the question of
the existence or non-existence of slavery within
their own limits, as the people of California had
done. He enforced the necessity of a settlement
at this time, in a spirit of compromise and justice
to all parties, of all disputed questions between
the-North and South, arising out of the subject of
slavery; declared his heartfelt devotion to the
union of the States, and discountenanced the idea
of dissolution being necessary to secure the rights,
or advance the interests of any section.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. J. having concluded—
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, obtained the floor,
but. yielded for a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed—
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. CONGER asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the f-iTouse, for the purpose of laying
before one of the departments, the papers in the
case of John Shepard. The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WOOD, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in relation to the revolutionary services of Capt.
John Thomas, of the Virginia navy, with the view
of preparing an argument, and of presenting the
case at the Pension Office.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution,
which was read for information:
Whereas it appear* from a publication in the Washington
Republic, thai Jaines S. Calhoan, the Fndian Agent for Santa
appointed by the President, instead of attending solely
to lit" duties as Mich Federal officer, id endtavoung lo in-
cite the people of Santa F6 and vicinity to form a State in
derogation of the claim-* of Texas to said territory; and
whereas such interference h impioper: Therefore,
1. Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
this Hou«e whether such interference on the part of said
Indian Agent, is without Executive approval.
2. Resolved, That ilie Pi evident be requested to inform
this Hi>u-e whethf r any of the officers- of Government have
been insti acted by him or the Secretary of War, to ; rejudice
the claims of Texas to Santa F6 by inducing the people of
that place and vicinity to form a State government.
3. Resolved, I hat the President be requested to inform
this House whether any of the instructions issued by the
ptevtoin Administration to the military officers at Santa F6,
to support the jurisdiction of Texas over said territory, have
been annulled or modified by this Administration, and also
whether the proclamation of Lieutenant-Colonel Beale, call-
ing the convention that met at Santa F£ on the 24th Sep-
tember, 1849, to form a territorial government, was sanc-
tioned by this Government, and if s«>, to furnish this House
copie< of the order sanctioning the same.
The resolution ha.ving been read,
Objection was made to its reception.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. FOWLER asked the yeas and nays on that
motion, which were tefused.
And the question, "Shall the rules be sus-
pended r" was then taken, and decided m the nega-
tive, (two thirds not voting therefor.)
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not introduced.
WILMINGTON AND RALEIGH RAILROAD.
Mr. POTTER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill from the Committee j
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
The tide of the bill was read, as " A bill for the 1
relief of the Wilmington and Raleigrh Railroad !
Company." I
No objection having been made, the bill was !
introduced, and having been read twice by its
title, on motion of Mr. P., it was referred, with
the accompanying report, to the Committee of the
Whole House.
POSTAGE, ETC.
Mr. CONGER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution,
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be, and they hereby are, instructed to report to
this House, with as little delay as practicable, a bill to
abolish the franking privilege and for the reduction of post-
age to the uniform rate, when prepaid, of two cents on let-
ters-weighing no more than one half ounee each, and five
cents wlien not prepaid; al*o providing that all newspapers
within the county of their publication, or the distance of
thirty miles of tne samp, may he received through the mails,
by actual subscribers, free of postage.
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. CONGER moved that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable him to offer the
resolution.
Mr. POTTER said he would state that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office 
The SPEAKER interposed and said, no re-
marks were in order. The question was on sus-
pending the rules to allow the resolution to be
introduced.
Mr. POTTER (proceeding, by general acqui-
escence) was understood to remark that the sub-
ject embraced in the resolution would be reported
.upon soon by the Committee .on the Post Office,
and if the gentleman from New York [Mr. Con-
ger] proposed to take the sense of the House on
the question of the reduction of the rates of post-
age, he (Mr. P.) presumed that the gentleman
would wish to take it in a*fuiler House than was
now present. He (Mr. P.) had no doubt that a
majority of the whole House would be found in
favor of a reform in the matter embraced in the
resolution.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion to suspend the rules.
In reply to an inquiry—
The SPEAKER stated that the motion, if not
acted upon now, would come up when motions to
suspend the rules should be next in order.
Whereupon, pending the motion to suspend the
rules, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule,- and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
1 By Mr. WfLMOT: The petition of 72 citizens and elec-
tors of Leioy township, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying that slavery and the s-Iave-trade be expies>ly pio-
inbited in the territories of the Tinted States.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying for the
repeal of all laws of Congress for the suppoit of slavery in
the District of Columbia, or in default thereot, that the Cap-
ital he removed.
Also, the pttition of the same citizens, praying that no
State be hereafter admitted into the Union, unless slavery
be prohibited by the constitution of said State.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, piaying that the
right of trial by jury be secured to those claimtd as fugitives
from labor.
Also, the petition of 50 citizens of Cioss Creek township,
Washington county, Pennsylvania, prajing that no State
be hurcalter admitted into the Union, unless slavery be pro-
hibited by the constitution of said State.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying that sla-
very and the slave-trade be expressly prohibited in the ter-
ritories of the United States.
Also, the petition of 75 citizens and electors of BJakely,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, praying that slavery and the
slave-trade be expressly prohibited in the territories of the
United States.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying that all
laws of Congress for the support of slavery in the District of
Columbia be repealed, or in default thereof, that the Capital
be removed.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying that no
State be hereafter admitted into the Union, unle&s slavery
be prohibited by the const tution of said State.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praving that the
right of trial by jury be secured to persons claimed as fugi-
tives from labor.
Also, the p tition of 50 citizens of Livingston, E^sex
county, New Jersey, praying that slavery and the slave-trade
be expressly prohibited in the teiruones of the United
State-?.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, pra}ing that no
State be hereafter admitted into the Union, unless slavery
he prohibited by the constitution of said State.
Also, the petition of the same citizen-;, prayin« that nil
laws of Congress tor the suppoit of slaverv in the District of
Columbia he iepealed,or in default thereof, that the Capital
be removed.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying that the
right of tnal by jury be secured to persons claimed as fugi-
tives from labor.
AUo, two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying
that the Government dispense with the employment of
chaplains.
Also, the petition of 35 citizens of Bradford cotmty, Penn-
sylvania, praying that no act he passed extending Wood-
worth's patent tor a planing machine.
Also, the petition ot 30 citizens ol Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for a reduction in the rates of postage.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of citizens of Nor-
wich, Connecticut, for leduction of postage.
Also, the petitions of citizens of Norwich, Connecticut,
of Lebanon, Connecticut, and Windham county, Connecti-
cut, to secuie to alleged fugitive slaves the right of trial by
jury.
Also, the petitions of citizens of Windham county, Con-
necticut, of Norwich, Connecticut, and Lebanon, Connecti-
cut, against the admission of more slave States, into the
Union.
Also, the petitions of citizens of Norwich, Connecticut,
of Lebanon, Connecticut, and Windham county, C.mnecu
cut, for the establishment and protection of freedom in the
territories of the United States.
Also, the petitions of citizens of Norwich, Connection',
of Lebanon, Connecticut, and Windham county, Cmineeu-
cut, for the lepeal of all laws enacted by Congress for the
support of slavery and the slave-trade in the District of Co-
lumbia.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens a<d
electors of Sidney, Delaware county, New York, against
the admission of more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of the same, to secuie to fugitives the
right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of the same, for the establishment and
protection uffreodom in the territories ot the United States.
Abo, the petition of the same, for the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted by Congress for the support of slavery in
the District of Columbia
Also, four several petitions of citizens and electors of Wal-
ton, Delaware county, New York, for the tame objects.
Also, four several petitions of citiz ns and electors of
Hopkinton, in St. Lawrence county, New Yoik, for the
same objects.
Also, four several petitions of citizens and electors of
Pulaski, Oswego county, New York, for the same objects.
Also, four several petitions of citizens and electois ot St.
Lawrencc county, New York, for the same objects.
Bv Mr. STETSON: The petition of William H. Mills
and 2L4 others, citizens of Bangor, Maine, for the adoption
of measures to settle international difficulties without lesort
to war. ♦
Also, the petition of George W. Snow and others, citizens
of Bangot, for the same.
Also, the petition of Thomas S. Johnson and 46 others,
citizens of Brewer, Maine, for cheap po-tage.
Also, the petition of E. Kingsbury, jun., and 16'J others,
citizens of Bradford, Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition ot R. K. Packard and 25 others., citizens
of Blanchard, Maine, for a law securing to alleged fugitives
from labor the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of Joseph B. Packard and 24 others,
citizens of Blanchard, against the admission of more slave
States.
Also, the petition of Alonzo H. Davee and 24 others, citi-
zens of Blanchaid, for the repeal of all laws sanctioning
slavery or the slave-trade in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition ot R. K. Packard and 25 other citizens
of Blanchard, for the prohibition of slavery in the terutoues
of the United States.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of William Hill, Raj a!
Earle,and 155 other citizens of Windham county, Vermont,
that slavery arid the slave-trade he prohibited by law in all
the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the same prrsons, that no State shall
heieafter be admitted into the Union whose constitution
does not prohibit slavery.
Also, the petition of the same, that persons hereafter
claimed as fugitive slaves shall, only in the State where th«
claimant resides, be delivered to the persons claiming them,
except on the finding of a jury. °
Also, the petition of the same, for the removal of the seat
of government, unless all laws authorizing slavery and the
slave-trade in the District of Columbia be repealed.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Robeit Patterson and
154 others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to establish an Aziicuitural bureau in oi.e of
the Executive Departments of the Government at Wash-
ington.
Also, the petition of John Robinson and 23 others, officers
and soldiers of the war of J812, and other citizens ol the
county of Lawrence, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
extend to them the same libeiahty that has been extended
to the officers and soldiers of the Mexican war.
Also, the pttition of James Scott and 48 others, citizens
. of Lawrence county, Pennsjlvdiiia, prajing Congress to
piovide bylaw, that whenever a person shall be arrested as
a fugitive slave, in any Suite other than that in which he is
alleged to be held to service, he shall not be delivered to
the claimant or his. agent, except upon the finding of a juiy
that he is the slave of the claimant.
Also,the petition of William Smith and 12 others, citi-
zens of Venango countv, Pennsylvania. pin\ ing Congress to
repeal all laws by which slavery or the 0av<; trad? ^au-
thorized and sanctioned in the c.tyof Washington o« the
District ot Columbia, and that, m the event of their nori-
icpcal, the si.at of the National Government may be re-
moved to some more ^unable locaiion.
Also,ihe petition of Dane! Grejjg and 36 others, citizens
of Venango county, Pennsylvania, praxmg Congress to
abolish slavery and the slave-trade in all the territories be-
longing to the United States.
By Mr. BROW N, of Mississippi: The following memo-
riaMrom the Legislature of the State of Mississippi:
Praying a change in the system of transporting the mail:
Praying a change in the system of traiwporiing the mail
and the establishment of stage-routes in the State of Mis-
sissippi ;
In relation to stage-routes;
Relating to a >tage-route from Jackson to Baton Rouge
Also, a resolution to establish a light-house on the *aa-
coast of the State of Mississippi.
