1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66#
Also, the petition of P. S. Cutchingand others, citizens of
Mississippi, praying the establishment of a mail-route from
Now Town, via Providence and Georgetown, to Monu-
cello, in the State of Mississippi.
By Mr. BURROWS: Concurrent resolutions of the Sen-
ate and Assembly of the State of New Fork, in relation to
the reduction of postage.
Al-o, the petition of 160 citizens and electors of Gaines,
Orleans county, New York, for the repeal of all laws en-
acted oi adopted by Congress for the support of slavery in
the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of citi2ens and electors of the same
placc, for the establishment and protection of freedom in
the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of citizens and electors of the same
place, to secure to alleged fugitives the light of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of citizens and eleciors of the same
place, against the admission of more slave States.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of William Walker
and 41 others, citizens of Pans, Oneida county, New York,
to secure to alleged fugitive slaves the right of tual by jury.
Also, the petition of the same, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories of the United States.
Aho, the petition of the s-aine, for the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted bv Congress for the support of slavery in
the District of Columbia, and that, in the event of their non-
repeal, the seat of the National Government may be removed
to some more suitable lo.ation.
Also, the petition of the earne, against the admission of
more =lave States into the Union.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of S. M. Blake, Presi-
dent, and others, officers and members of the " Brimfield
Literary Society," in favor of reducing the rate of postage
to two cents per half ounce on prepaid letters.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of R. C. Weighttnan,
John W. Maurv, Prank Taylor, George and Thomas Parkei,
and 4:> others, citizens of the city of Washington, praying
Congress to enclose and improve certain public giounds,
therein named.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The memorial of the
officers of the United Stales Army, stationed in Oregon,
praying relief.
By Mr. UNDERBILL : The petition of Thomas S. Wins-
low, for a register for the Butish barque Comwalhs.
By Mr. BR1GGS: Resolutions by the Legislature of the
State of New York, in favor of the reduction on letter post-
age j and aUo for a law of Congress, making newspaper
po-tage free m each county where the same are printed.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Thomas W. Vann and
other citizens ol Philadelphia city and county, piaying for
the establishment and piotection of freedom in the tenito-
ries of the United States.
By Mr. GORMAN: The memorial of the soldiers of the
late war with Great Bi itain,and other proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting of the people of Knox county, Indiana, praying
for bounty land.
By Mr. PARKER: The petition of Henry Wagner, of
Morgan county, Vnginm, praying a pension ; aNo ihe peti-
tion of Thomas B. Harvey, of Clarke county, Virginia, pray-
ing a pension.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of Samuel Griswold and
others, of Saybrookand vicinity, in the State of Connecti-
cut, praying for the prevention and abolition of international
war.
By Mr. ROSE : The petition of members of Congress of
New York, for a new judicial district, to be called the West-
ern Disuict of New York.
By Mr. MEACHAM: The petition of Rodman Chapman,
of Vergennes, Vermont, for money due him from the Gov-
ernment, in consequence of the default of an officer of the
United States.
A!ao, the petition of Royal Flint and 50 citizens of Han-
cock Vermont, for the protection of freedom in the teruto-
ries/a^aini-t the admission of more slave States; tosecuie
right of" trial by jury to fugitives from labor: to repeal all
law« upholding slavery in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsjlvama: The petition of James
Armstrong, praying that an act may be passed by Congress
refunding to him and J.nnos Coulter, money paid by liiem
for rent of quarters in Mexico, as Lieutenants in second
regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.
BvMr. DUKKEE: The petition ofE. D. Seward and 101
other citizens, of Lake Mills, in the State of Wisconsin,
against lite admission of any more slave States into the
Als<T a petition from the same, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories. '
Also the petition of Wairen Cochran and 40 other citi-
zensof Brooklyn, in the State of Wisconsin, foi the repeal
of all laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the support
of slavery m the Di-tr;ci of Columbia.
Also a petition fiom the same, for the establishment and
protection ol fieedoni in the territories.
Aho, a petition from the. *ame, against the admission of
any more slave States into the Union.
Also, a petition from the same, to secure to alleged fugi-
tives, tne right of tual by jury.
\Uo the petition of W R. Piescott and ll4other citizens
 ,f Hallowett, in the State of Maine, for the repeal of all
laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the support of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition of the same, to secure to alleged fugitives
tlx* right of trial by jury.
Also, a petition of'tne same, against the admission of any
more -dave States into the Union.
Also a petition of the same, for the establishment and
nrotection oMreedom in the tenitories.
Also the petition of C. J. Ohene.varid 4o other citizens of
TWrald Grove, m the Stite of Wisconsin, against the ad-
mi^ion of any more stave States into the Union.
ANo, a petition of the. same, to secure to alleged fugitives
a'^pelition^of the same, for the repeal of all laws
enacjti'd or adopted by Confess fur the support of slavery
if the rvtiu't ot Colombia. .
Also a petition of me same, for the establishment and
nrotection of freed™ in Ihe territories.
BvMr. HOUSTON: Resolutions of the State of Dela-
ware, asking a grant of public lands for the establishment of
an insane asylum.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Lawrence county,
Pennsylvania, praying for bounty land to officers ami sol-
diers in the last war with Great Britain.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 8,1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate proceedings of a mass meeting of the citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, in favor of
a repeal of the law extending the patent for Wood-
worth's planing machine, and opposed to any
further extension, as asked for by the present hold-
ers of the letters patent; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of a committee of the Con-
vention held in Philadelphia for the.purpose of
considering the subject of connecting oy railroad
the navigable waters of the valley of the Missis-
sippi with those of the territory of the United
States on the Pacific, communicating the results
of its proceedings; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Cayuga county, in the State of New York, ask-
ing that a pension may be allowed to Mary Inger-
soil, widow of a revolutionary soldier; which was
leferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of Franklin De Frateand other
citizens of New York, engaged in the manufacture
of India rubber, asking that the patent extended to
Charles Goodyear may be repealed; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens ofTiog'a county, New
York, praying that the sale of intoxicating liquors
in the Capitol, public buildings, and grounds of
the city of Washington may be prohibited; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of members of the Congrega-
tional Society of West Bloomfield,fin the State of
New York, and also a petition of the citizens of
the same State generally, in favor of a reduction of
the rales of postage; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Bureau county,
Illinois, asking that no resistance may be offered
to any of the States of the Union that may elect
peaceably to withdraw from the Confederacy;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, of the citizens of Ontario county, New
York, asking that the enrolments of the militia
may include all classes of persons, and setting
forth that in the enrolment of the national failuia,
a distinction is made whereby a large class, num-
bering more than three millions of people, are
entirely exempted from enrolment and military
duty. This large class, residing chiefly in the
southern States, the chief burden of the system
and of the national defence, in cases of insurrec-
tion or in^sion, is thrown upon the northern
States. That, in cases of insurrection or invasion,
the whole power of the North may be called to
defend the South; that, in case of a similar event
occurring at the North, their reliance on their
southern brethren must; owing to the inequality,
be extremely limited, if not utterly vain; and in-
sisting that all the burdens and bbligations of the
people of the several States ought to be m all re-
spects equal and mutual; and asking Congress to
immediately remedy this inequality by the passage
of a law for the enrolment of the mifitiaof all the
States, which shall include all classes of persons,
without any distinction of color or condition; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Warfield, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. WfilTCOMB presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, instructing the Senators
and Representatives of that State in Congress to
recommend to the Government of the United
Slates, that it use its influence with the Courts of
Austria and Russia to effect an amelioration of the
condition of Hungarian patriots, and a general
pardon to all who participated in the recent revolu-
tionary movements in Hungary; which were or-
dered to he on the table and be printed.
Also, a resolution from the same Legislature, in
favor of a grant of the unsold lands m the Vin-
cennes land district, for the purposes of education;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be primed.
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, in
favor of a reduction of the price of public lands
lying in the Miami reservation in that State; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed*
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
Litchfield county, Connecticut, asking the adop-
tion of measures for the adjustment of international
controversies by arbitration; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial of the Connecticut branch of
the American Colonization Society, asking that
the independence of the Republic of Liberia may
be recognized by the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of W. W.
Loring, and other officers of the army stationed
in the Oregon Territory, asking for an increase of
pay.
Mr. C. observed, that the memorial presented a
very strong case for the interference of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to which lie would
move its reference.
The petition was referred accordingly.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens
and female residents of York county, Maine,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Keokuk county, Iowa, asking the establishment
of a mail-route from Fairfield to Lancaster, in that
Stale.
Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa, asking the
establishment of a mail-route from Fort Des
Moines to Boonsville, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Iowa and Illi-
nois, asking the removal of obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river at the Des Moines
and Rock River rapids; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial of citizens
of Washtenaw county, Michigan, asking that the
public lands may be granted m limited quantities
to such actual settlers as are unable from poverty,
to purchase; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE submitted documents relating to
the claim of William D. Ward, to compensation
for losses sustained in consequence of Indian dep-
redations committed on his property during the
recent Indian disturbances in Florida; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
James W. Robinson, asking to be allowed an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of citizens
of Bangor, Maine, asking the adoption of meas-
ures for the settlement of international controver-
sies by arbitration; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BADGER presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington, in ihe District of Columbia, ask-
ing that an appropriation mtiy be made for enclos-
ing and ornamenting certain public grounds lying
west of the Capitol, in this city. He did not ask
for any reference, but preferred that it should lie on
the table for the present; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented fourteen petitions of
citizens of New York, and a petition from citizens
of Ohio, asking that no State may be admitted
into the Union that does not prohibit slavery with-
in Us limits; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, sixteen petitions from citizens of New
York, asking that slavery and the slave trade may
be prohibited by law in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, a like number from citizens of Maine, in
favor of the same, and asking that the slave trade
may be prohibited by law in ail territories of the
United States; and that no State may hereafter be
admitted whose constitution does not prohibit
slavery within its limits; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, fifteen petitions of citizens of New York,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Columbia, or that the
seat of Government may be removed therefrom;
which were ordered to he on the table.
