GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 1850.
New Series No. 42.
vision it is to be put into her constitution, and
worthy to be put into all constitutions, and very-
fit and proper to be acted upon by all legislative
bodies, whether written down in their constitu-
tions or not. California has doubtless heard of
that legislative operation in the old States called
 ' log-rolling,'—a term which needs no definition
in this assembly—and took care by a fundamental
enactment—by a law of constitutional dignity,
and permanent obligation, to keep it out of her
own borders. And now, by what would seem to be
a rebuke of her constitutional provision—a flout
upon her wisdom—a satne upon her prudery—
and a caution not to pretend to be better than
others—it is proposed in the American Congress
to perform the operation upon herself—to " log-
roll " her, herself, into this Union !—into it, or out
of it, as the case may be—as the "rollers" may be
successful, or not, in getting their "logs''' together.
I object to the process. I object to mixing
California with anything else. I have objected in
the lump; I will now take the ingredients in detail.
1. The government for the two territories. This
brings up the Wilmot proviso, which is unconsti-
tutional in the opinion of some members—inexpe-
dient in the opinion of others—and both constitu-
tional and expedient in the opinion of some others.
It is an angry, distracting, and sectional question,
with which California, for herself, has determined
to have nothing to do. She has put it into her
constitution, that slavery and involuntary servitude
shall not exist in her borders. This settles the
question of the Wilmot proviso for her, and was
intended to settle it, and intended to free the ques-
tion of her admission from the impediment of that
question. And now, how wrong to her—how un-
just—how mortifying—how unexpected and in-
comprehensible to her, to have the question of her
admission connected with this proviso in two
neighboring territories, and her admission made
actually dependent upon its settlement—precedent
settlement—in JMew Mexico and the Great Basin.
She had as well have remained a territory herself,
subject to the question upon her own soil, as thus
to be subjected to it abroad. And better, too.
There is more dignity in being tried at home than
abroad—more consonance to our notions of fair
trial to be tried in her own person "than by proxy.
After all, there is a positive incongruity and in-
compatibility in mixing these two questions. One
is clearly constitutional. The power for it is writ-
ten down in the Constitution. Congress may ad-
mit new States ; and this is an application for the
admission of a new State out of territory belong-
ing to the United States; and there is no question
uf constitutionality m it. Not so the Wilmot
proviso. Power for it is not written down in the
Constitution. Its constitutionality is denied, and
that by many members on this floor. Here, then,
is a coupling of an undisputedly constitutional with
a strenuously disputed constitutional measure; and
m voting upon them as a whole, or as mutual and
dependent measures, as a system of measures, as
a compromise, members may find themselves m a
state of impossibility. Oaths to the Constitution
cannot be compromised; and, therefore, questions
of disputed should never be mixed with questions
of undisputed constitutionality.
I am readv to vote for governments to the terri-
tories; and, believing in what I have alleged from
the beginning, that slavery is extinct in New Mex-
ico, and in all California, and cannot be revived in
either, or in any part of either, without positive
enactment, I am ready to vote them governments
without any provision on the subject of slavery.
2. Texas, with her large and various questions,
is the second subject proposed to be coupled with
the admission of California. It is a large and com-
plex subject, presenting in itself many and distinct
points. A new State, to be carved out of her side—
reduction of boundaries—settlement of the dispute
with New Mexico—cession of her surplus territory
to the United States: such are the large and various
points which the Texas question presents. They
deserve a separate consideration. Texas herself
should object to this conjunction with California,
as much as California should object to it with
41
Texas. They present incompatible subjects—in-
congruous—and large enough each to demand a
separate consideration. They are subjects of equal
dignity. Each concerns a State, and States should
b(Tconsidered alone. But there is another objec-
tion to this conjunction, of higher order still, and
which concerns this Congress, and the exercise of
us powers. By the Constitution, Congress is to
admit new States: by this coupling of Texas and
California, it would be Texas which would admit
the new State of California. Thus: Texas has
four questions to be settled, not one of which can
be settled without her consent. A new State can-
not be carved out of her—her boundaries cannot
be reduced—her dispute with New Mexico cannot
be settled—her surplus territory cannot be had,
without her consent! This gives her a veto upon
the admission of California, if coupled as pro-
posed—gives her four vetoes! for there are four
points at which her consent would be necessary,
and the withholding of which upon any one point
would be a veto upon the admission of California.
In fact it would give her stiil more vetoes. For
the subjects coupled together, and acted upon as a
whole, must all stand or fall together; so that the
veto of Texas upon any part of her own subject
would be the veto of the whole with which they
weie coupled.
The Texas questions ought to be settled—ought
to have been before she was admitted into the
Union, and I proposed it then, five years ago, and
have proposed it again at the present session. My
proposition, heretofore, printed by order of the
Senate, contains my sentiments. I am ready to
vote for them; or for better, if offered; but always
as a separate and substantive measure.
3. Fugitive slave bill. This is a case of run-
away negroes, and m which California has no
concern. She will have no slaves to run away,
and none can run to her. She is too far off for
that. She has no interest in the subject, and it is
a degradation to her to have the question of her
admission mixed up with it. (n her name I piu-
test against this dishonor, against this disgrace of
having tlie high question of her admission thrown
into fwtch-potck with a fugacious bill for the cap-
ture of runaway negroes.
We have a bill now—^n independent one—for
the recovery of these slaves. It is one of the
oldest on the calendar, and warmly pressed at the
commencement of the session. It must be about
ripe for decision by this time. I am ready to vote
upon it, and to vote anything, under the Constitu-
tion, which will be efficient and satisl'actory. It
is the only point, in my opinion, at which any of
the non-slaveholding States, as States, have given
just cause of complaint to the slaveholding States.
'I leave out individuals and societies, and speak of
States, in their corporate capacity; and say, this
affair of the runaway slaves is the only case in
which any of the nori-slaveholding States, in my
opinion, have given just cause of complaint to
slaveholding sisters. But how is it here, in this
body, the appropriate one to apply the legal rem-
edy r Any refusal on the part of northern mem-
bers to legislate the remedy? We have heard
many of them declare their opinions; and I see no
line of East and West, dividing North from South,
in these opinions. 1 see no geographical boundary
dividing noithern and southern opinions. I see
no diversity of* opinion bnt such as occurs in or-
dinary measures before Congress. For one, I am
ready to vote at once for the passage of a fugitive
slave recovery bill; but it must be as a separate
and independent measure.
4. Suppression of the slave trade in the District
of Columbia. This again is a subject m which
California has no concern, and with which she
should not be mixed. It is a subject of low de-
gree, and not fit to be put into the balance against
the admission of a State. It is a thing right in
itself, and to be done by itself; and I see no reason
why it is not done. The opinion of this chamber
seems to be unanimous; then why not act? i
have been here thirty years, and have seen no
state of parties in which this levolting traffic might
not have been suppressed.
5. Abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. I object to mixing this question with
California, or with anything else, or taking it
singly. I will send it to no committee. 1 will
not even consider it. I will do as I have done for
thirty years—let it alone. I will do as Con-
gress has done for sixty years—let it alone. I
will do, as I believe this Congress will do—let it
alone. I will give no committee power to act
upon it, either by special authorization, or by gen-
eral words large enough to cover it.
6. Abolition of slavery in the forts and arse-
nals, navy-yards, and dock-yards of the United
States. I make the same objection to mixing this
subject with California, or with anything else. I
eschew it in toto, and will vote to give no com-
mittee any sort of jurisdiction over it.
7- Abolition of the slave trade between the
States. Still the same answer. I will mix it with
nothing, nor take it by itself. Congress has
shown no disposition to meddle with it, and has
no power to do so. The clause quoted by some—
no one in Congress that I ever heard of—the clause
to regulate commerce between the States, gives no
such power; and if it did, would be precisely the
contrary of what has been claimed. To " legu-
late" is not to destroy, but to guide and direct—
to conduct with order and method, for the better
success of the thing regulated. It is to protect
and to promote coirimeice among; the States that
Congress is authonzed to regulate it between them;
and, in that sense, it is piobable that Congress will
have no applications to regulate the pale of slaves
between the States, nor have any disposition to
do it of its own accord.
8. Abolition of slavery in the States. This
again is a subject which I would not touch. The
slave States are much agitated about it; but with-
out reason, and against reason. Congress has
done nothing to alarm them, and much to quiet
them. Disclaimer of power—disclamiei of desire;
sixty years refusal to touch it, is the highest evi-
dence which Congress can give of its determina-
tion to abide the Constitution and its duly. This
ought to be satisfactory to all slaveholders. If
any one is not satisfied with this test, let him try
another; let him go to the market—that quick and
truthful reporter of all danger to property; and he
will quickly find, from the price that is offered
him, that nobody is afraid of abolition but him-
self.
No, sir! These four last named subjects—abo-
lition of slavery in this District—us abolition in
the forts and arsenals, dock-yards and navy-yards
—its abolition in the States—and the suppression
of the slave trade between the States—all belong
to a class of subjects not to be touched—which
Congress never has touched, and ha3 no disposition
now to touch. They are subjects whicli lequire
no additional guaranties from congressional com-
promises. The Constitution is the compromise.
It is the binding compromise, and has been faith-
fully kept by every Congress from 1789 to )SoU;
and there is no reason to suppose it will not con-
tinue to be kept. If it shall not be kept, it will
be time enough, after the breach is committed, to
think of the remedy—the remedy ot disunion.
We should no more look ahead for causes of dis-
union, than we should look ahead for causes of
separation from our wives, or for the murder of
our mothers.
These are all the specified causes of alarm to
the slave States from any conduct, or apprehended
conduct, on the part of Congress, of which I have
heard complaint. I do not trouble myself with
those who have no power to act—with individuals
or societies. Congress is the effective power—the
representation of all the States and ot that I
speak, and say that I know of nothing m its con-
duct which can give the slave States any cause lor
complaint or alarm. .
Undefined complaints of aggressions, encroach-
ments, and oppressions are made from some parts
of the South. So far as these undefined com-
plaints apply to Congress, and the noi thern States,
1 know of no foundation for them. Some legisla-
tive resolutions aro offensive, but they do not
