1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
HAMLIN, HUNTER, DOWNS, DOUGLAS,
and others.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to strike out, and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Afohison, B.irnwell, Bell, Benton, Ber-
rien, Bright, Butler, Dhvi« of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge
nf Iowa, Downs, Felcli, Jones, King, Sebastian, Shields,
Turnev. Underwood, Whitcoinb, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badgei, Baldwin, Bradburv. Clarke, Clay,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Douglas, Ewutg, Foote, Greene, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, M.ison, Phelps, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Wales, and Winthrop— 25.
So the pas^ase was not stricken out.
Mr. YULEE moved to amend by adding the
^following after the item of $68,667:
"Provided, That the terms of the contract of the 2d of
February, 1849, shall be fully conformed to, except so far as
the same was modified by the orders of the Ponmaster Gen-
eral marie on the 18th of March, 1847, and 18th of March,
3849." ,
The amendment was agreed to by a vote of 23
to 16.
The amendments of the committee were then
agreed to. ^
There being no further amendment, the bill was
reported to the Senate, the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole were concurred in,
the amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time.
ACCOUNTS OF PIERCE M. BUTLER.
The engrossed joint resolution for the settlement
of the accounts with the heirs and representatives
of Colonel Pierce M. Butler, late agent for the
Cherokee Indians, was read a third time and passed.
WALTER COLTON RELIEF BILL.
On the motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill to make compensa-
tion to Walter Colton.
After a Ions; discussion, in which Messrs.
SHIELDS, BRADBURY, FOOTE, BUTLER,
HAM LIN, E WING, WHlTCOMB,TURNEY,
DAYIS of Mississippi, BERRIEN, and others
participated, the bill was amended by striking out
the words which repognized his service as Admi-
ralty Judge in Monterey, it was then reported to
the Senate, the amendment was concurred in, and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
NEW ORLEANS AND VERA CRUZ MAIL LINE.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, [ hope the Sen-
ate will do me the favor to take up the bill creating
a mail line between New Orleans and Vera Cruz,
which was under consideration the other day. It
is a very short bill, and will not occupy more than
ten minutes. I have prepared an amendment which
meets the views of those Senators who expressed
opposition to the bill as it stood, that will do away
with any difficulty that might create obstacles to
the passage of the bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
So the Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill "to provide
for a weekly mail from New Orleans, or the mouth
of the Mississippi river, to Yera Cruz and Tam-
pico, Mexico, by steamers or sailing vessels."
Mr. SOULE moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted. Thattlie Postmaster General be, and
lie is hereby authorized and empowered, to contract for the
transportation of a m-monthly mail between the port of
New Orleans and the ports of Vera Cruz and Tampico, by
steam vess< Is, for the space of four years.
Sec. 2. Be it enacted) That the said contract shall be let
out lo the lowest bidder tendering sufficient guarantees for
the faithful performance of the same, and shall go into op-
eration on or before the 1st day of Januaiy next, [1851,] and
be subject to the restrictions and provisions of the laws of
March '3, 1845, and March 3, 1847, except so far as the
same relate to the modes of construction of the vessels to
be emploved in the service.
Sec 3* Be it enacted, That until the proceeds of the ser-
vice established by this act shall be sufficient to cover the
expenses attending the same, the Postmaster General shall
draw from the Treasury such amount as may be necessary
to meet the exigencies, according to the contract to be en-
tered into under the piovisions of tins act.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Louisiana a slight
amendment to his amendment. Let us make it
read " from Mobile or New Orleans," so as to
leave it optional with the Postmaster General to
select either place.
Mr. SOULE. The honorable Senator will per-
ceive that the object which this bill is expected to
promote—facility of intercourse, easy and favorable
exchanges, and a prompt distribution of the mail
matter—would be defeated if the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in the exercise of the discretion left him by
the amendment, would be induced to give Mobile
preference over New Orleans. There is perhaps
no reason for apprehending any such result, yet
he might, under the pressure of peculiar circum-
stances, be persuaded that his duty required that
he should do so. How, then, would it operate?
It will not be contended that any considerable
portion of the metallic matter which the mail
steamers would carry to this country from Mexico,
would have Mobile for its ultimate destination.
Nor will it be supposed that Mobile is to be the
centre from which shall be exported such commo-
dities as maybe putin demand by the relations
which a frequent intercommunication between the
two countries is likely to encourage and develop;
and yet while the bullion imported from Mexico
would have to be transborded and shipped from
Mobile to New Orleans, there to be converted into
profitable exchanges on the northern cities or on
Europe, most of the goods to be exported to Mex-
ico would have to undergo the same process and
be transborded from New Orleans to Mobile.
Would that be a facility to commerce ?
Mr. President, there is no desirable object to be
attained by the amendment of my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] Its provisions, if acted
upon, would clog and paralyze the whole opera-
tion; while there is not an advantage which New
| Orleans will derive from the bill, as it now is, in
which Mobile will not largely share and be amply
benefited.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the gentleman's bill, and I heartly return my
thanks to him for introducing it. I believe it will
have a very excellent effect upon the business op-
erations of the country. From some little personal
knowledge of that country, I think it is highly im-
portant to open a trade with Mexico by way of
Tampico and Vera Cruz. But i wish the Post-
master General to have the privilege of selecting
between Mobile and New Orleans as the terminus
in this country. I dare say lie would be sure to
select New Orleans; but I wish him to have the
privilege of selecting between the two points.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. When this bill
was up before, I did not feel entirely satisfied that
it should pass; as it is proposed to be modified, it
meets my views. I am quite content, for one, that
a mail should be established between New Orleans
and Vera Cruz, under the general regulations of the
Post Office Department. It seems to me that cir-
cumstances require it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Illinois offer any amendment?
Mr. SHIELDS. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana by inserting
the words sl Mobile or" before New Orleans, so
as to make it read:
" The Postmaster General he, and he Shfreby is, author-
ized and empowered to contract for the transportation ot a
tri-monthly mail between the port of New Orleans or Mo-
bile and the ports of Vera Cruz and Tampico.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the amendment will not
prevail. It would only tend to embarrass the
Postmaster General, and throw difficulties in the
way^of a fair adjustment of any contract which
may have to be entered into. If the alternative
which it leaves to the Post Office Department is
such as not to justify the least hesitation in the
choice of the place, it should be abandoned and
given up; and if it should be acted upon in a man-
ner prejudicial to New Orleans, it would but di- .
minish those inducements which alone can make j
this measure profitable to the whole country. It |
would subject the outgoing and returning freight '
to great and unnecessary detention and expense, |
while it would retard the distribution of the mail
on the place where it will be of most immediate
and more extensive interest. I can hardly sup-
pose that there is any necessity for my insisting
any longer. I avoid debate, not to lose the chance
of passing the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ought, perhaps, to beg par-
don of the gentleman from Louisiana for interfer-
ing-with this bill. But I offered this amendment •
in order that the representative from Alabama
who occupies the chair might have an opportunity
to vote on it.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The substitute amendment was then adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendment concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, September 5, 1850. J
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR*
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be the report made
yesterday by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mi*.
Richardson,] from the select committee appointed
to inquire whether Mr. Ewing, late Secretary of
the Interior, had not reopened and paid certain
accounts, and whether he had not improperly paid
interest on others.
Mr. RICHARDSON took the floor, and held a
brief conversation with the Speaker, of which
nothing was heard by the Reporter, but the result
was, that,
Mr. RICHARDSON called for the reading of
the report of the majority.
The Clerk proceeded to read it, and had read for
a few minutes, when
Mr. MORTON interposed. I move (he said)
that the further reading of this report be dis-
pensed with. The reading of that and the counter
reports will exhaust the morning hour for a week,
and' no one is paying any attention.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made to the
reading, the question will be put to the House,
" Shall the report be read
Mr. HALL. I only wish to say that yester-
day 
Mr. MORTON, (interposing.) If objection is
made I withdraw my motion.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of the
report.
The reading had not been concluded, when
The SPEAKER announced that the hour (12
m.) appointed for the consideration of the special
order of the day had arrived.
THE TEXAN BOUNDARY.
So the House resumed the consideration of the
bill from the Senate (No. 307) entitled " An ac.fc
proposing to the State of Texas the establishment
of her northern and western boundaries, the re-
linquishment by the said State of all territory
claimed by her exterior to said boundary, and of
all claim upon the Unite'd States."
The SPEAKER'announced the question to be
on the motion made yesterday by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to order this bill
to a thiid reading; and on that motion (continued
the Speaker) the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOYD. Supposing the House understand
what my object is in making this motion, I shall
content myself with the simple expression of the
hope that the vote may be reconsidered, and that
the bill may be passed with the amendment which
I have proposed. And I shall say not a word,
more, except to demand the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
Several gentlemen addressed Mr. Boyd.
Mr. BOYD. I shall not withdraw the motion.
Mr. INGE. I move that the motion to recon-
] sider be laid upon the table.
j Mr. ORR. On that motion I demand the yeas
j and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire the unanimous
consent of the House to put a question to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd.]
No objection having been made—
Mr. C. continued. I understood the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] to say, that he had
moved to re'eonsider the vote by which the House
had refused to order the bill to a third readings
for the purpose of moving the amendment which
he had heretofore offered. I desire to know
whether the object of the gentleman is to leave
his amendment open to other amendments, or to
move the previous question upon it, and thus cut
off every other proposition of amendment.
The SPEAKER. This conversation can only
be entertained by general consent.
Mr. BURT, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order to
hold this debate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that it
is not in order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ALLEN rose to put an inquiry to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
his remarks until order is restored. Gentlemen
will suspend conversation and resume their seats.
