658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
amount to aggression, encroachment, oppression.
But I do know of forbearance in Congress to ex-
ercise an undisputed power which might be exer-
cised to the annoyance and oppression of the
South. I allude to the power of direct taxation.
The slave property of the slaveholding States is
estimated at more than a thousand millions of dol-
lars. It would be a rich subject of taxation. No
Government in the world leaves such a mass of
wealth untaxed. We have taxed it, and when it
was worth much less than now—taxed it in 1798
and in 1813. No one dreams of it now! Yet it
would be a mode of taxation to oppress the slave-
holding States, because the burden of it would fall
exclusively upon them. It would be a mode of
annoying the slave States from the right it would
involve to count and value the slaves, and verify
returns by actual irispextion. It might be a mode
of abolishing slavery, upon the principle of sup-
pressing, by fining, under the name of taxing;
■•which was a mode of suppressing, or banishing,
branches of the bank of the United States, once
resorted to, in order to get rid of that institution,
in some of our western States. The abstinence in
Congress to exercise this undisputed power—the
fact that no northern member has ever proposed
or hinted it—this great fact of not using this un-
disputed power, when it might, should be received
by all candid minds as the highest earthly evi-
dence that Congress has no disposition to usurp
disputed powers, much less to commit flagrant
violations of the Constitution, to harass or destroy
slave property in the slaveholding States of this
Union.
But we do not stop at forbearance—at absti-
nence from using undisputed power to annoy the
slave States. We do not stop at negative proof to
show the just and kind disposition of Congress
towards these States. "We proceed to positive acts,
and by them prove the same thing. And here
let us be precise. The year 1835 is named as
the year of the commencement of the slavery
agitation, and the aggressions upon the South.
Granted, as to the time. Granted, also, as to in-
dividuals and societies. But how was it as to
States and Congress? That is the?point. And
the answer is, that so little was Congress affected
by the abolition societies—so little inclined to
abolish slavery, or to restrict its area—that it ac-
tually increased it; and that repeatedly and largely,
and within the obnoxious time. It was in the year
1836—the very year after this slavery agitation is
dated, and the very year after the leading papers
in the South had made it a question of lime only
for a convention of the slaveholding States to as-
semble and provide for a southern confederacy,
that Congress actually increased the area of slaveiy j
in one of the largest of the slave States; and that i
at a sacrifice of a part of the Missouri compromise
line, and by the actual conversion of a large extent
of free soil into slave soil. I speak of the annexa-
tion of the Platte country to the State of Missouri.
By that act of annexation, a part of the Missouri
compromise line—one hundred miles of it on a
straight line—was abolished; and a new line sub-
stituted near three hundred miles long on its two
sides, cutting deep into free soil, and converting it
into slave soil. The six beautiful counties of the
Platte, country were gained to Missouri by this
operation—gained to a slave State, and carved out
of free territory, made free by the compromise of
1820—and all by the help of northern votes. I
say by the help of northern votes, and without
referring to the Journal; for the fact proves itself.
The northern members were the majority; and
without help from their votes, the law could not
have passed to alter the compromise line. Their
Senators were equal on this door; and without
help from them, the two thirds of the Senate could |
not have been obtained to ratify the treaty which I
removed the Indians from the ground promised to j
them for a permanent home, and which removal
was indispensable to the annexation of the country |
to the State of Missouri. All this done, and by I
the help of northern votes, and in the very time I
laid as the period of northern designs for the abo- ;
lition of slavery in the States! It was done with- I
out even any array of Noith and South. And so
powerless were the abolitionists at home, so una- i
ble to make an agitation at home, that, so far as I
am informed, they were not able to turn a single '
member out of Congress for the vote he gave in ;
favor of the extension of slavery under such ex- i |
rraoi'dmary circumstances. This is a fact which ii
stands for an answer; and as such I produce it and
leave it.
This is a great fact, but small in comparison to
another. Behold that Texas, ceded to the King
of Spain by a southern Administration in 1819,
recovered by the help of northern votes in 1844!
the greater part of it slave territory. This re-
covery carries slavery from the Sabine to the Rio
Grande—from the Red river to the Bay of Mata-
gorda—from the frontiers of Louisiana to the
frontiers of New Mexico—ten degrees of longi-
tude—above five hundred miles on a straight line !
All this was done for the extension of slavery, and
by the help of northern votes, and within five years
past, and during the very time that the southern
convention was under advisement on account of
the designs of the northern people to abolish
slavery in the States. This was done, and in that
time. And now, away with idle fears and ground-
less accusations! They sink into nothing in the
presence of such facts as these.
But this not all—hardly the beginning of Con-
gress legislation for the actual extension of slavery.
Look at all the southwestern and some of the
western and southern States. Look at them as
they were some thirty years ago. Look at Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia,
North Carolina, Arkansas, and Missouri; all of
them more or less incumbered with an Indian
population, keeping out the white man and his
slave. Now, all redeemed from the Indian, and
actual slavery extended .where it could not go be-
fore ! And all this again by the help of northern
votes; for without that help the taws could not
have been passed, nor the treaties have been rati-
fied, by which this great extension of actual slavery
in so many great States has been accomplished.
I say, then, that these fears are idle—this agita-
tion groundless—that Congress has no design to
disturb slave property—and that there is no neces-
sity for any settlement or adjustment about it—no
necessity for compromising California into the
Union by a grand scheme of settling the whole
slavery agitation, at the expense of her honor,
dignity, and rights. .
Having shown that the admission of California
ought not to be mixed up with any other subject,
I now come to the question of admission itself, and
say that all the objections which have been made
to her admission are groundless m fact, or insig-
nificant in their nature. What arc they?
1. That no act of Congress has been passed to
authorize the people of California to form a State
constitution. The fact is admitted, but its conse-
quence is denied. Congress has full power over
the admission of new States, and may dispense
with all preliminary forms, when it pleases, and
come direct to the question of admission. This is
what it may do, and what it has done. It has ad-
mitted more new States without than with the pre-
vious authorization of an act of Congress to form a
constitution. Eight have been so admitted—Ver-
mont in 1791; Kentucky, 1792; Tennessee, 1796;
Maine, 1820; Arkansas, 183G; Michigan, 1837;
Florida, 1845; and Iowa, 1846. Eight in all a
majority of the whole number ever admitted—and
stretching over a period of sixty years, and reach-
ing back to the venerable times of our early his-
tory, when Washington was President, and the
fatheis of our political church were still at the altar.
Eight! and there would have been another, if Con-
gress had not passed the act m March, 1820, to
authorize the people of Missouri to assemble their
convention to form a constitution. They would
have assembled the convention themselves, as other
territories had done before them, if Congress had
not passed the act at the session it did. 1 was co-
temporary with that event, and know something
about it. Certainly the authorization by Congress
is a convenience—it regulates the process, and pays
the expense; but it is not a necessity, and may be
dispensed within all, and has been in a majority of
the cases of admission, and ought to be in eveiv
case in which Congress does not do its duty by the
territory. This was the case of California. She
had been scandalously neglected-left without any
egai government, or any American law, but a tax
law; and she had no alternative but to make some
sort of a government for herself. Thechoiccs lav
between a provisional government—such asOre<*on
had established under similar circumstances-and
a btate government. Her population, and wealth,
and the lapidity of her march to the rank of a great
State, uecided her in favor of the latter; and she
decided well, and I rejoiced when I heard it. It
was the course which I deemed she ought to take
from the moment Congress adjourned, 3d of
March, 1849, without giving her a legal govern-
ment, and which I then expressed to several per-
sons, and among the rest to the present Secretary
of State, Mr. Clayton. Sir, this is a subject which
I have studied—twice studied; once in 1820, when
the law for the Missouri Convention was so long
delayed—and again in 1837, when Michigan was
admitted; and when, as the chairman oftheSenate's
committee which reported the bill for her admis-
sion, it became my duty to study her case, and to
hold myself ready to answer all objections. I did
so study, and answer; and the answers were satis-
factory to the Senate, for the State was admitted.
There is nothing in this objection, and I dismissit.
2. Aliens voting at the election of members of
the convention. The fact may be so—probably
was so, in some degree—and might have been si>
to a large degree, and still no insurperable objec-
tion. The framers of the Texan constitution were
all aliens; and yet that did not prevent her admis-
sion into this Union, with the identical constitution
which these aliens had formed. No, sir! the
question is not so much who made it, as what is
it? Its character is what concerns us, and the
only point at which we have power over it, and on
which we can reject it. What is it? And that is
a question that every Senator can answer for him-
self; for it has been printed by our order, for our
use, and laid upon our tables. Anything in it con-
trary to the paramount Constitution of theUnion?
anything contrary to our republican institutions?
anything smelling of alienism? Nothing! nothing,
at all! A fair American republican constitution !
and one of the best, if not the very best, that has
been made in any one of the thirty Slates which
now compose this Union; and, being thus good
in itself, it is not to be met by the question, who
made you? It is well made; and that is all the
business that anybody has with it. It is a itpub-
lican constitution; andthatistheonly test to which
we can subject it. Finally, this very objection of
alien voters was made m the case of Michigan,,
and truly, and stood for nothing; and for nothing,
I trust, it will stand here.
3. Insufficient numbers—not people enough—is
another of the objections. And how many are
enough ? I speak of men, who exercise political
rights and constitute the State. How many are
enough according to the practice of Congress in
admitting new States? About ten or twelve thou-
sand; for that is the number of men which the
usually required population of a new State would
give. One man to six souls is the usual proportion'
in civilized communities; and sixty thousand soula
would give ten thousand men; and upon that
number, or thereabouts, have most of our new
States been admitted. Now, apply that rule to-
California, and see what would be the result. Her
man population was computed at about one hun-
dred thousand when her constitution was formed;
that would imply a population, women and chil-
dren included, of six hundred thousand souls.
True, all these women and children are not there
yet; but that is their own business, and not ours.
We look to the population which sustains a State
—which constitutes political power—which pays
taxes, gives votes, and fights battles. That is all
we want. The rest is their want; and they will
supply^it, even if they have to repeat the drama
of the Sabine women; for there is no law of gravi-
tation and attraction—none ever discovered by Sir
Isaac Newton—more universal in its application,
or invincible in its force, than the law that brings
the sexes together. Where the men aie the wo-
men will be, arid that by strong arm, if gentle arm
will not do; and the children also. They will all
be there in due time. Six hundred thousand
would be the census population now. No not
now—last fall. It is double now, for it rains'men
upon California, and all the year round; no dry
season ill that; and the census of 1860 will prob-
ably place her at the head of the populous States.
She has population enough now for two members
at least; and 1 will vote her the two that she lias
asked. The rule is to admit a State when she has
population to_give one representative. California
has enough for several at this day.
4. Boundaries, that is to say, extent, is another
objection. The State i ? said to be too lar^e—that
she cut and carved too laigely for herself. That
objection comes with an ill grace from us, who
