1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOte
took m Texas, five years ago, three times as large
as California, refusing my proposition to provide
for her reduction, and refusing to propose leduc-
  tion to her now. California is only the third part
* of Texas, and her extent is more apparent than
real. Mountains and desert spots abstract greatly
from her arable acres, and reduce them to the area
of some of our large States—to a less magnitude
than Missouri or Illinois. But California, as now
made into a State, is conformable to natural
boundaries, and could not, without violence to the
featuresofnature,undergodivision. Sheisa slip—
a long and narrow one—between the sea and the
mountain—between the Pacific ocean and the
Sierra Nevada: and that strip bound together in
its centre by the union of its waters, and the con-
centration of its wealth and power on the Bay of
San Francisco. That bay is the heart of California,
and it cannot be split by a line through it. The
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers, and their
affluents, are the arteries and veins of that heart,
and cannot be cut off from it. The slip is long,
but it is narrow—only an average of one hundred
and fifty miles, and the one-third of that consisting
of the slope—the western slope—of the Great
Sierra Nevada. What is east of the summit of
that mountain, and out to the lower Colorada, as
the line actually runs, is no addition to the strength
or power of the State, and can only sustain some
scattered and discontented people—to be discon-
tented because they can have no political weight—
arid had better have been left out. All the real ele-
ments of her wealth and power are in the slip along
the coast; and that is not divisible either lengthwise
or crosswise. It is too narrow for one of these
operations; and could not suffer the other without
being cut through the heart.
5. Interference of the President. It is objected
that President Taylor interfered to induce the peo-
ple of California to make this State government.
Even if he had so interfered, it would not vitiate
the constitution which they have formed, and
which is the only thing that we have to judge.
Even if true in fact, the objection would be of no
application to her constitution. It would be, as
Judge Chase said of the young lawyer's argument
at Richmond, a noil leqititur. But it is not founded
in fact. President Taylor did not interfere. He
was not in California to interfere personally; he
could only have done it vicariously; and accord-
ingly he was so charged- But the imputed agents
deny the agency. And if they did not, his char-
acter ought to stand for an answer to a vague ac-
cusation. He has the character of an honest and
a fair man; and that character should shield him
from charges which have nothing but suspicion
(and that of adversaries, intent upon defeating a
measure which he has responsibly recommended)
to rest upon. This objection, of Presidential in-
terference, receives, then, the two-fold answer, of
being unfounded in fact, and a non sequilur, if it
was not.
These are the named objections, strenuously
urged at first, but more faintly now. In fact they
seem to be abandoned, and a bargain offered for
the admission of the State, with a threat of total
defeat if the offer is not accepted. I allude to what
was said by the Senator from Kentucky, who sits
farthest over the way, [Mr. Clay,] on Friday last,
and which then had the effect of starting me from
my tranquil seat. He said, as I find it reported,
and I think correctly, m the morning papeis:
" He would snv now to those who desired the speedy
admission of California, the shortest and most expeditious
wav ot attaining the desired object was to include tier ad-
mission Hi a bill giving governments to the territories."
" Hp made this statement, because he was impelled to do
so from what had come to his knowledge. It' her admission
as a separate measure he urged, an opposition is created
winch may result in the defeat of any hill foi her admission."
« Another reason for such a course was ihat we are ail
aimni" at a compromise, and whatever ivonld tie productive
ot liarmony and peace to the distracted couritiy should be
done."
These are. the points of that Senator's remarks
which struck me so forcibly as to spring me from
my seat at the time they were delivered, and upon
which, after full time for deliberation, 1 feel bound
to comment now. I had heard such things be-
fore, but did not attach any very great practical
consequence to theiTi; but when I see them repio-
duced by that Senator—a man of head and nerve—
a head to measure, and a nerve to master any
danger; and see the consequence which he attaches
to tiiem, 1 can no longer consider them as words
without intents. Words are sometimes deeds, and
these now become so; and as such they deserve
grave considerations.
The Senator from Kentucky is in favor of the
proposition to couple the admission of California
with some other subject. I think he limited him-
self to the territorial governments, and recom-
mends that conjunction as the most speedy way
of accomplishing the admission of the young State.
Sir, I say, honor first,—speed afterwards. I say,
an honorable admission, no matter upon what
time, in preference to a dishonorable one, no mat-
ter how speedy. The subjects proposed to be
coupled with California under the motion from
which we move to except her, are ail the subjects
impending in the Senate, and which grow out of
the institution of slavery in the United States. If
she goes to the intended grand committee of thir-
teen under this proposition, she goes there to be
coupled in the consideration, and weighed in the
balance, and mixed up in the concoction, and
brought out in the product, of all these subjects
moulded and amalgamated into one measure, or
into a system of measures of mutual dependence,
and called a compromise. I qualify this as dis-
honorable to California; and say that the latest
admission, without it, is preferable to the speediest
with it.
Speedy admission is doubtless desirable to Cali-
fornia. Her position is anomalous, and disadvan-
tageous. A young government without the means
of living—without character to borrow—soliciting
loans, and that in vain, at three per cent, a month.
If she was a State of the Union, Wall street would
relieve her of her bonds; but being as she is, with-
out acknowledged legal existence, the capitalist
eschews her; and this young State, rich m inher-
ent resources, and sitting upon gold, is driven to
the resource of State bonds, and a paper medium,
which nobody will touch. All her operations are
carried on at a disadvantage, for want of a fixed
legal character. The sum of six hundred thou-
sand dollars has been taken from the people,
without law, and when they were without govern-
ment, and ought to be paid back to the State—but
being no State, in the law, her name cannot be put
into a bill to pay it back. This six hundred
thousand dollars refunded, would relieve the
young State, and allow time for the development
of her own resources. It is justly due, being ille-
gally collected for duties when there was no law
to warrant it, no correlative protection to justify
taxation, and when the necessaries and the com-
forts of life, were dear enough without being sub-
jected to a military tariff. That money should be
refunded, net to the merchant who paid it to the
military chest, but to the people who restored it,
with his pei*benlum upon it, to the merchant; and
who are the rightful party to have it back, and
their State government their rightful agent to re-
ceive it.
Want of a branch mint; and before that could
be got ready, an assayer to fix the value of gold
in the lump, is another want of California, neglected
because she is not a State. The laborer loses
largely on all his diggings for want of this test of
value. All the gold that is used in the country is
used at a great loss—two dollars in the ounce, as
I have been informed, equal to twelve per cent, on
the amount dug. That is an enormous tax upon
labor—such as no country ever beheld; yet it has
to be endured until the State is admitted; and
even after that until Congiess can legislate for her.
These are some of the reasons for the speedy
admission of California; they are great, and many
remain untold; but, great as they all are, dishonor-
able admission is worse than their still longer en-
durance.
The Senator from Kentucky made this state-
ment because he was impelled to it by what hail
come to his knowledge, namely, that if her ad-
mission was urged as a separate measure, an op-
position is created which may result in the defeat
of the admission; and, thereupon, he declares his
own determination not to urge the separate meas-
ure. Now, this strikes me exactly m the con-
trary sense. Threats are not good arguments
with me, even when I may be going a little wrong,
much less when I am going precisely right. It
is right to consider the admission of California
as a separate measure. It is right to do so upon
parliamentary principles. It is right to do so
upon the principle of fair legislation. It is right
to do so upon uniform practice. All other new
States have been so admitted; and it is an indig-
nity to California to make her an exception. We
have a right under the Constitution, upon par-
liamentary law, and upon sixty years' practice, to
give her case a separate consideration: and are we
to be deterred from it by a threat? By a threat of
creating an opposition which may keep the State
out of the Union, if we persist in doing what we
have a clear right to do ? Are we to capitulate to
that threat? Sir, let Washington answer that
question. This is what he says of it:
" All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all com-
binations and associations, under whatever plausible char-
acter, with the leal design to control, counteract, or awe
the regular deliberation and action of the constituted
authorities, aie destructive to this fundamental principle
(obedience to the established Government) and of fatal ten-
dency. They serve to organize faction, to give it an artifi-
cial and extraordinary force, to put in the place of the dele-
gated will of the nntton, the will ol a party, often a small
hut artful and enterprising minority of the community: and,
according to the alternate triumphs of difl'cient parties,
to make the public administration the nnrror of the ill- .
concerted and incongruous projects of (action, ralher than
the org:m of consistent and wholesome plans, digested by
common counsels, and modified by mutual interests."
After an impressive pause, Mr. B. continued:
Sir, this threat comes under the ban of the Fare-
well Address of the Father of his Country. I
have often read that address, and pondered every
part of it, but never expected to have occasion to
produce any part of it in the American Senate.
That time has now come, and I produce this clause
against combinations to defeat public measures; or
to overawe the constituted authorities, as the part
which the statements of the Senator from Ken-
tucky extorts from me. lie yields to that threat:
I do not. On the contrary, I see additional jeason
in it for adhering to what I deem a right course in
legislation. The threat is, indeed, a serious one;
otherwise the Senator from Kentucky would not
have felt himself impelled to communicate it to
the Senate, and to present it as an argument to
influence our deliberations. The nature of the
opposition is not explained; but it is obliged to be
a combination in some minority in Congress to
control or awe the majority; and it may connect
itself with that approaching convention at Nash-
ville, of which the want of a clearly-defined object,
and many deplorable indications permit and justify
the most unhappy suspicions. Connected or not,
each in itself, and much more both together, fall
under the ban of Washington's Farewell Address;
and the spirit of the address, and the character of
the man, forbid a surrender on the part of the
constituted authorities to such combinations to
control or overawe them. I cannot surrender. I
cannot capitulate. No garrison, not even the
weakest, will surrender until it sees the force of
the enemy, and learns the terms of the capitula-
tion. Some will not surrender at all—will resist
at all hazards, and to the last extremity: and that
I hold to be the duty of the Senate in the present
crisis. Sir, it may be temperament, or it may be
reason, that governs my resolve; but, be it which
it may, I adhere to it with the tenacity of religious
conviction, that it is our duty to resist this attempt
to overawe us. It is among the first of such at-
tempts, and we should resist at the beginning.
All history tells us that confederacies are ruined
by anarchy among the members, rather than by
tyranny in the head; and if this threat connects
itself with the Nashville Convention, we have the
case of anarchy among the members against which
ten impressive numbers of the Federalist so pro-
phetically warned us.
The Senator fiom Kentucky Rays, another lea-
son for joining all these subjects together is, that
we are all aiming at a compromise, and at the res-
toration of peace and harmony to a distracted
country. Certainly these are desirable objects,
and already near about accomplished. The Sena-
tor's own speech—his own frank, manly, noble
speech deliveted on this floor—and for which I
thank him from the bottom of any heart—has
done much to quiet the public mind—far more
than any hugger-mugger work that he could do in
a committee room could ever accomplish. His
own great speech, and the speeches of others—I
name him because f am addressing myself to him—
has already done the good work of quieting the
country. The public press, also, has done its
part; many papers have done nobly—too many to
be enumerated; but theie is one waich, from its
position, its presence here among us, its long stand-
in" and wide circulation, and its risk of losing
friends in the very quarter of its greatest support,
