1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 5,
stand, and that the House may understand,
whether I can have a decision upon the different
branches of the instructions. I- ask the Speaker
to decide that question.
The SPEAKER.. The question on the motion
to commit with instructions is indivisible; but
upon the instructions a separate vote may be called
so as to leave with the motion to commit a. sepa-
rate and distinct proposition.
JVXr." WENT WORT EI. Then! send the fol-
lowing to the Chair, (a portion of which was at
the instance of Mr. Howard,) as additional in-
structions, and I move the previous question:
" With instructions so to amend the amendment as to
exclude slavery from all the territory acquired from Mexico
bv the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, lying eastward of Cali-
fornia."
Also to strike out the words in the first section
of the proposed amendment to the bill:
" Thence following the main channel of said river to the
parallel of the thirty second degree of noith latitude, thence
east with the said degree to its intersection with the one
hundred and third degree of longitude west of Greenwich."
And insert:
"Thence down the main channel of the river Rio Grande
to the point where *aid rivor crosses the 102d meridian of
longitude west of Greenwich,"
To strike out from the words:
« Hrtvf'fetl, ot/so," m the eishih line ofihe fifth proposition
of the luil to Hie wordst! United States" in the nineteenth
line of said fifth proposition"
The following is the part proposed by the latter
clause to be stricken from the original bill, viz:
f Provided, also, That no more than five millions of said
Mock shall bp issued until the creditors of the State holding
hondn and other certificates or stock or'Tex-is for which
d'Hie^ on imports were specially pledged, shall fust file at
the Treasury of the United States icleases of all claim
against the United Slate-? for or on account of said bonds 01
certificates, in such form as shall be prescubed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and approved by the 1'iesuJentot the
Unifd Sidt-js."]
The instructions which Mr. Wehtworth now
sent to the Chair, were those indicated by Mr.
Feather^ton-.
Mr FKATHERSTON said, he wished to have
the direction of his own amendment. He hoped,
therefore, that the gentleman would yield the floor
to him.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] vield the floor to the
gentleman from Mississippi ? [Mr. Feathersi-on ]
Mr. WENT WORTH. I do not yield the floor.
At the same time I am desirous to extend every
courtesy to all gentlemen. But I cannot relin-
quish my right to move the previous question.
The SPEAKER The gentleman from Illinois
modifies his instructions to read as follows:
The following (which is the amendment of Mr.
Fbatherstont,) was then read:
Strike out all of the original line after the enact-
ing clause, and insert as follows:
"That the boundaries of fhe State of Texas defined and
enalih-hi-d by the act of the Tt xan Oonjzre^s, passed Decem-
ber 19, 1836, for that purpose, are hereby recognized by the
Government of the United States."
The amendment having been read—
Mr WENTWORTH said : If gentlemen will
be kind enough to keep a little more quiet, so that
the House may understand the question, much
time will be saved in putting interrogatories after
the previous question shall have been moved. My
desire is to give every gentleman a chance to vote
on his own amendment. I wish fair play all round;
and whilst I ask a vote upon my own proposition,
I am willing that every gentleman should have a
vote upon his.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield the floor to the gentleman from
Mississippi ?
Mr. WENT WORT ft was about to reply 
Mr. MtLANE, of Maryland, interposed to a
point of order. He submitted to the Speaker, that
the instructions themselves could not he divided,
and that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went-
worth] could not offer a series of instructions,
and then propose to divide them.
The SPEAKER. A motion is made to com-
mit with instructions. It is not the right of the
member making the motion to ask a separate vote
on each clause of the instructions by virtue of his
having made the motion. But when a motion to
commit with instructions is pending, th£ Chair is
of opinion that a division upon the instructions
can be had, so as- to take a separate vote on the
instructions, so far as they are divisible—leaving
a distinct proposition connected with the motion
to commit.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (to the
Speaker.)" When a motion is made to commit,
can the question oe divided, so as to take the ques-
tion on the motion to commit and on the instruc-
tions?
The SPEAKER. If a motion is made to com-
mit with instructions, the question would be first
on the instructions, and then on the motion to
commit, with or without the instructions, as the
case may be. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentwortr] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I desire to embrace
the following in my instructions.
Mr. W. held a paper in his hand, supposed to
be the instructions of the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Howard,] but which were not read.
Mr. DUNHAM interposed to a point of order.
He was understood to submit to the Speaker,
whether it was in order for the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] to offer instructions
which were in themselves contradictory?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say. It
is not competent for the Chair to decide that ques-
tion. The House must decide it. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have said that it is
not my intention to make a speech, but i desire to
say that [ have already accepted two propositions
from gentlemen of the South. 1 have offered two
propositions from the North ; and now, if I move
the previous question upon the whole, the gentle-
men from Mississippi [Mr. Featherston] and
Texas [Mr. Howard] can.have a vote on their
amendments. There will be no gag, and all will
have fair play. I want a vote upon my amend-
ment. 1 am willing that they should have a vote
upon theirs.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Will you yield the
floor to me for a moment?
Mr, WENTWORTH. For explanation.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. The instructions I
have sent to the Speaker's table are offered as a
substitute for all the other instructions—not as
additional instructions—but as a substitute for the
whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] had not the power to offer the
instructions of the gentleman from Mississippi
in that form.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (to the Speaker.) Can
the vote be taken on these instructions as a sub-
stitute for mine ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. The gentleman
cannot move a proposition and then offer a substi-
tute for his own proposition.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] will yield the floor to
me, I will offer the amendment as a substitute.
The effect will be the same as if the gentleman
himself offered it.
The SPEAKER (to Mr. Wentworth.) Does
the gentleman yield the floor?
Mr. WENTWORTH. The confusion is so
great that 1 cannot hear anything that is said.
All I ask is, that the House should vote understand-
i"g!y, so that hereafter it m-^y not be claimed,
that the question was not properly understood.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Feather-
ston] having offered his amendment, and being
recognized by the Chair, can 1 move the previous
question ?
The SPEAKER. Not before the gentleman
has offered his amendment. And the Chair now
inquires of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentworth] in what shape the gentlenaan has
left his instructions?
Mr. WENTWORTH. These are my own
instructions. I send to the ('hair the instructions
of the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard ]
If they are what I understand them to be—that is
to say, if they take away the discrimination in
the scrip, as I suppose they do—I will adopt them
as part of my own.
Mr. DUER rose to a question of order. He
wished, he said, to understand one point, whether,
in the first instance, a vote could not be taken if
demanded on the instructions separately, and af-
tei wards on the motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the instructions can be divided, being a substan-
tive proposition as an instruction in connection
with the motion to commit. The instructions can-
not be entirely taken from the motion to commit.
The first substantive proposition connected with
the motion to commit must stand; a division can
then be called, so as to vote upon substantive prop-
ositions that follow.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the Chair
to decide that the question upon the reference will
be taken in connection with the first proposition of
my colleague. Suppose that fails, will the House
be brought to a vote upon the remaining instruc-
tions?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
mistakes as to the order in which the questions
will be taken. The last vote to betaken will be
upon the motion to commit, with the first substan-
tive instructions.
Mr. DUER. That will be the last vote.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to a
point of order. I desire to understand the Chair,
When instructions are pending, is it in order for
me to call for a division of the question, so as to
vote upon the commitment without the instruc-
tions ? In other words, can we get a separate vote
upon the commitment?
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman to inquire if the motion to commit
be made by one member, and instructions are
moved by another member, whether a separate
vote can be taken ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I speak of the question aa
it is now pending. The gentleman from Illinois
moves to commit with instructions. I ask whether
I have not the right to call for a division, so as to
vote first on the instructions, and second upon the
commitment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. THOMPSON. Have I the right, then, to
call for a division, so as to vote first upon the com-
mitment separated from the instructions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, that
if the House refuse to commit, there will be no
substantive proposition upon which to vote. Such
a direction must be given to the questions as in no
contingency to leave a separate question which is
not a substantive or distinct proposition.
Mr. THOMPSON read the fifty-third rule:
Ci Any member may call for a division of the question ;
which shall be divided if it comprehend propositions in sub-
stance so distinct that one being taken away a substantive
proposition shall remain for the decision of the House."
I ask for a division of the question, (said Mr.
T.,) under this rule, so as to vote first upon the
instructions, and then upon the commitment.
They are substantive and distinct propositions.
The SPEAKER adhered to and repeated his
derision, that the first substantive instruction must
stand with the motion to commit, and that the
subsequent instructions could be divided if they
comprehended substantive propositions.
Mr. DUER. The Chair holds, then, that the
House cannot, where a motion is made 
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has the floor upon a point of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, f do not
wish to raise difficult points to create embarrass-
ment. My only object is to understand the Chair.
If I understood him aright, I shall be compelled to
appeal. Did I understand him to say that the
motion to commit with the first substantive prop-
osition must be first put, and then the motion for
the subsequent instructions?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has reversed
the order. If the motion to commit with the first
instruction were first put and rejected, no substan-
tive proposition would remain. The instructions
must first be voted upon, and then the motion to
commit wiih the first substantive instruction.
Mr. BURT. I know it is not in order to make
a point of order while one is already pending. But
I desire to call the attention of the Speaker to the
fact, that the gentleman from Mississippi and the
Chair are discussing questions in piospective—
questions which are not pending; and I hold that
it is not competent for the gentleman from Missis-
sippi to make such a point of order, and with great
respect for the gentleman, I call him to order.
The SPEAKER. The gemleman from South
Carolina is right. Tfhe question of order made by
the gentleman from Mississippi does not arise at
this time. Bat the Chair thought it was proper,
before the House voted upon seconding the pre-
vious question, that they should know the opinion
of the Chair as to what would be the effect of the
vote.
