1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
Mr. BURT. I ask, then, if any menfber when
you announce your decision in prospective can
appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. An appeal would not be in
order at this time. •
Mr. BURT. Then certainly the point of order
cannot he made at this time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. My vote
upon seconding the previous question will depend
upon the Speaker's derision.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I ask for the reading
of the instructions of the gentleman from Illinois.0
They were again read.
Mr. FEATHERSTON retaining the floor,
Mr. VINTON rose to a question of order, and
was understood to submit that the instructions were
not in ctrder, as they related to the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, which was not a
part of the bill.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
one of congruity, which the House must decide,
and overruled the point of order.
A word or two of conversation followed between
Mr. VINTON and the Speaker, on this point of
order.
Mr. DUER rose to a point of order,and inquired
if it was in order to call for a division of the ques-
tion, so as to vote first upon the commitment, and
then upon the instructions?
# The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Featherston] has the floor.
Mr. FEATHERSTON". The point of order
being disposed of, I move to strike out all the in-
structions of the gentleman from Illinois, and to
insert in lien thereof the instructions which I now
send to the Chair:
"Strike out all of the original bill after the enaciinc
clause, and insert follows: That The boundaries of the
State ol Texas, defined and established by the art of the
Texan Congress, passed December 19, 1836. for that pur-
pose, are hereby recognized by the Government of the Uni-
ted Stales.5'
Mr. FEATHERSTON. As the floor was
yielded to me by the gentleman from Illinois upon
the condition that I would not make a speech, but
call the previous question immediately after I
should have moved my instructions as a substitute
for his, I call the previous question.
JV1 r THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will my
colleague vield me the floor for one moment ?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. For explanation?
Mr. THOMPSON. I desire to know whether
it is in order, at this stage of the question, to move
to commit the bill without any instructions?
Mr. BURT. I object to this conversation.
The SPEAKER. Conversation is objected to.
The Chair thinks it would not be in order now to
commit, as one motion to commit is already pend-
ing.
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Featherston-.) Does
the gentleman from Mississippi yield the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. T do not feel author-
ized to yield the floor. In compliance with my
pledge to the gentleman from Illinois,! demand the
previous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I ask that the
question shall first be taken upon the motion to
commit.
The SPEAKER. That question is not before
the House, and will not be until the House shall
have demanded the previous question.
Mr. DUER inquired if it would now be in order
to demand a division of the question—first upon
the instructions, and then upon the commitment?
The SPEAKER. A division cannot be de-
manded until the House come to a vote upon the
question, and they cannot vote upon it until ihe
demand for the previous question is seconded,and
the mam question is ordered.
Mr. DUER. The House cannot well know
what wiil he the rule?
Mr. BURT. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. SCHENCK. ladesire to ask of the Chair
what will be effect of the previous question. If
the previous question is sustained, and I call for a
division of the question—J ask whether the ques-
tion would not first be upon the motion to commit
alone ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it will not be, for the reasons already given.
Mr. BURT. I call the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] to order.
I object, and call the gentleman
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, if I am not permitted
to nquire—
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] will state
his point of order.
Mr. BURT. It is this. Thatthe previous ques-
tion having been demanded, the gentleman has no
right to ask questions which may lead to debate,
either on his own part, or on the part of the Chair.
■ Mr. SCHENCK, (to the Speaker) Will the
Chair allow me to make an inquiry ? Mr. S. was
putting the inquiry, when—
Mr. BURT again interposed.
The SPEAKER stated , in reply, apparently, to
the inquiry which Mr. Schenck was making, that
the previous question would not be exhausted until
a vote had been taken on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. HUNTER desired, he said, to put a ques-
tion to the Chair.
Mr. BURT.
to order.
The SPEAKER, The Chair understands that
the gentleman [Mr. Hunter] rises to make an in-
quiry, in relation to a point of order.
Mr. HUNTER. As to the pending question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, then, is not
in order. The gentleman cannot be recognized,
except on a point of order.
Mr. MEADE, (to the Speaker.) I desire to
know the various questions before the House, as
they stand in their regular order.
Mr. BURT. I call the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. If the previous question should be sus-
tained, and the main question ordered, the question
will be first on the amendment to the mstmctions
offered by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Featherston ] Secondly, on the motion to com-
mit with instructions, (amended or not as the case
may be.) !f the House should refuse to commit
with instructions, the question then recurs on the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and then on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] amended or
not as the House may determine, and then on or-
dering the bill to a third reading. After the vote
shall have been taken on the last-mentioned propo-
sition, and not before, the previous question will be
exhausted.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the demand
for the previous question,and Messrs. Fowler and
Richardson were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 102, noes 40.
So there wasa second.
And-the main question was now ordered to be
taken (which main question was first on the
amendment of Mr. Featherston to the instruc-
tions of Mr. Wentworth )
Mr. GOTT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. DUER asked that the question might be
divided in such a manner as that a seperate vote
might be taken on the instructions and then on
the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
question is indivisible.
Mr. DUER. I appeal from the decision.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Ct Shall the |
decision, of the Chair stand as the judgment of I
the Housed" |
Mr. STRONG submitted to the Speaker, that I
the question raised by the gentleman from New j
York, [Mr Dueu] could not propprly arise until j
after the House had disposed of the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Feath-
erston] to the instructions of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth ]
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the question properly arises whenever the House
comes to the consideration of the instructions and
the motion to commit.
Mr. DISNEY desired that the portion of the
Manual applicable to the question might be read.
The SPEAKER invited the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] to indicate the part of the
Manual to which he referred.
Mr. DISNEY did so.
The paragraph was read, as follows:
" 1798, May 30, the alien hill in quasi-committee. To a
section and proviso in the ongi- al, had been added iwo new ]
piovisoes by way of amendment. On a motion to strike out
the section a;  amended, the question was desired to be di-
vided. To do this it mu«*t be put first on striking outeither
the former proviso, or some distinct member of the secliort.
But when nothing remains but the la t rnemherof the section
and the provisoes, ihey cannot be divided so as to put the
la^t member to question by itself; for the provisoes misfit
thu* he left standing alone as exception? to a rule when the
rule is ^taken away; or the new provisoes might be lefttoa
second question, after having been decided on once before at
ihe fame reading ; which is contrary to rule. Bui the ques-
tion must be on striking out the last member of the section
as amended. 'This sweeps away the exceptions with ihe
rule, and relieves from inconsistence. A question to be divi-
sible, must comprehend points so distinct and entire, that one
of them being taken awnvahe other may stand entire. But
a proviso or exception, without an enacting clause, does not
contain an entire point or proposition."
Mr. BAKER asked an explanation as to the
decision of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER explained. The Chair has
decided (said the Speaker) that the motion to com-
mit is indivisible, and that the motion to commit
cannot he separated from the instructions.
Mr. INGE. I do not understand the Speaker
to have decided that separate v<ates cannot be taken
i on the instructions, but simply that some distinct
1 and substantive proposition must remain attached
to the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER. Just so.
Mr. INGE. I am satisfied with that decision,
and hope that the House will sustain it.
! Mr. DUER, (to the Speaker.) I presume it is
in order for me to withdraw the appeal, and to
renew it when we have reached another point in
the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so.
Mr. DUER withdrew the appeal.
The SPEAKER remarked, that the question
might he as legitimately decided now as at any
other time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, renewed the
appeal.
Mr. INGE moved that the appeal be laid on
ji the table.
!j Mr. ROOT said that tfeere was but one question
11 now ppriding, which was on the amendment of the
ij gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Featherston.]
ji It was not competent, he submitted, for any gen-
j; Henian to ask a division on the question, because
;j it was not divisible; and it was not competent for
!j any gentleman to make the point of order until
the House should have reached a question that
was divisible.
Mr. THOMPSON, ofMississippi, withdrew his
appeal.
The question then again recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Featherston to the instructions of
Mr. Wentworth.
The yeas and nays (heretofore demanded by
Mr. Gott) were ordered.
The amendment, on a call, was again read.
The question upon agreeing to the amendment
of Mr. Featherston, proposing a substitute for
the instructions moved by Mr Wentworth, was
taken, 8nd decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays
128: as follow:
YE^S—Messrs. Alston, Anderson. Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bovd, Bre< k; Albert G. Biovvn, Burt^ E. C. Cabell, Georg«
A. Caldwell,'Joseph P CaldwH', Chugman, W. R. W C<'l<b,
Cokock, Daniel, Deberrv, Edmnnd-on, fiwmg, Featheiirien,
Gorman, Green, Haralson, Miam G. Harris-, Sampson W,
Harris, Haymond, Bttha'd, HoUacfav, Hoinies, How aid,
Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Hubert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
La Sfere, Marshall, Mason, McDowell, Robert M McLane,
Funs E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade,
MiHson, Morehead, Mots-e, Moiton, Urr, Outlaw, Ovvtn,
Parker, Phelps, Poweil, Savage, Seddmi, FredericK P.
Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, T.ioinus, Jacub Thompson,
Tohn B. Thompson, Toombs, Yenable, Wallace, Watkn.t,
Wellborn, Williams, and Woodwatd-71.
NAYS—Mes>i«. Alber^on, Alexander, Andrews, Baker,
Bcale, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, B><whn, Brigtrs,
Brook*, William J. brown, line), Buriows, Chester Butler,
Thomas B. Battel, Joseph Cable, Calwn, Campbell, Canter,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conner, Corwin, Crowell,
Dickey, Dimmtok, Di-ney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, Dnrkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedlej, Fuller, Gentrv, Gerry,Gnmoie.GoU. Gould, Grm-
nell, Hall, Halloway, Harlan, Thoma* L. Hams, Htbdid,
Henn, Hibbard, IJoaglaml, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, George G. King,- James G.
King, John A. Kmg, Presiort King, Letfter, Levin, Little-
field, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matifsoti, McDonald,
McGatiyhey, MeKts ock,.MeLanahan, Meacham, Moore,
Morris, Neb-on, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Ptasiee,
Peck, Phcenix, Ptiman, Pottei, Putnam, Reed, RejnoJd.«,
Richardson, Robbing, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Ro.--<,
Ross, Ramsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, SchermeFborn,
Schoolcraft, Sheppt-rd, advester, Sprague, Thaddeus Ste-
veru-, Stetson, Strone, Swettser, TajJor, James Thompson,
Thutman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dvke, Vinton, Waldui,
Waldo, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wiiduck, Wilson,
and Young—128.
So the amendment of Mr. Featherston was
not agreed to.
