185ft.
THE COMJEEMIONAL GLOiE.
mi
subjects. Suppose you have the California bill
alone befoie you, is that a single idea? There is
first the admission of the State, and secondly the
,proper boundaries of the State. Now there may
be Senators, if you had this single bill before you,
who would say we are willing to admit a State, to
be carved out of this territory, but we are against
the boundaries proposed, and why not separate
it into two bills, one for the admission of the State,
and the other for the fixation of its limits. Why,
thus you might go on, cutting subjects up into as
many parts as they are capable of being divided
into, and say that each one of them shall contain
a single, and only a single, idea. Take the tariff
bill. It contains five hundred items usually, and
wo have never passed a tariff bill, or given a vote
upon it, without some parts of it being objection-
able to some, or that did not contain items for
which some man voted against his judgment, but
which he did vote for, because of other items in
the same bill. And so with the course we pro-
pose. If we combine together a bill tor the ad-
mission of California, and for governments for the
territories, in the first place those who opposed
the combination may oppose it. If it is introduced
already in the bill, it may be proposed to strike
out what relates to the territories; or if it is pro-
posed that they shall be added to the bill for the
admission of California, they can move amend-
ments, call for the yeas and nays, and thus show
their opposition to the association of the meas-
ures together. But suppose the majority overrules
them. Suppose there is a majority in favor of
the association of the measures, and then the final
question is put: Will you vote for or against the
bill> And what are you to do in a case of that
kind?* Exactly what wc would do in all human
concerns. There is bad and good mixed together.
You may vote against it if you please in toto, be-
cause of the bad there is in it, or you may vote
for it, because you approve of the greater amount
of good there is in it. The question for the time
is, whether there is more of the good than of the
bad in the bill; and if the good outweighs the bad,
that will be a further consideration for voting for
the whole measure.
But, sir, my object now is to show that there is
a perfect connection between the subjects proposed
to be united, and I refer not to what the Senator
from Missouri has charged, but to the State of
California, territorial governments for the territo-
ries, and at most the fixation of the boundary of
Texas. Sir, are these subjects connected together
or are they not? Let us look at facts and at his-
tory. Let us appeal to the very facts which the
Senator from Missouri himself insists ought to be
so influential on our judgment. Well, sir, Cali-
fornia, New Mexico, and Utah, all were compo-
nent parts of the Mexican Republic, and they
were ceded together, in association, to the Repub-
lic of the United States. They were of a like
grade of government in Mexico. All of them
were provinces; none of them were States under
the Mexican Republic. They came here together,
in association, under the treaty by which we ac-
quired them. They came here at the last session
together, all imploring the establishment of terri-
torial governments within their respective limits.
It was not done. Why was it not done? The
South reproaches the North for not doing it, by
saying you insisted upon the iniroduction of the
Wilmot proviso. The North reproaches the South
by saying you are responsible for it by opposing
the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. President, both parties were wrong, and
neither was wrong. They were wrong in the
aggregate, but not wrong separately. They were
wrong m the aggregate because Congress failed to
devise and establish governments which it was
called upon to do by all the solemn obligations of
treaty stipulations, and all the solemn duties which
resulted from the fact of the acquisition of those
territories by this country. They were not wrong
separately, because, you who contended for the
proviso did so, I have no doubt, honestly, and you
who opposed the proviso, did so, I have no doubt,
honestly. It was a case, therefore, of irreconcila-
ble difference of opinion between two large par-
ties in Congress; and their convictions, their con-
sciences, respectively restrained them from yielding
the one to the views of the other. No reproaches,
therefore, I think, can justly be made by one party
upon the other. It was a subject of deep and pro-
found regret that proper governments were not
then devised, but it was attributable solely to those
unhappy divisions which sometimes exist in de-
liberative bodies, and prevent legislation. But, sir,
these territories were all together—Utah, Califor-
nia, and New Mexico. One short year ago they
were all territories, and allow me to say, however
much it may be emphasized, that California is no
State yet, and she can be no State until she has
the seal and sanction of the paramount authority
which pervades all this country. It is ill the power
of Congress, if it choose to exercise the right, to
put down the present State government which has
been established there, and establish a territorial
government there. Iam "not disposed to charge on
a community the misconduct or peculiar opinions
of any individual of that community, but I must
say what I have been constrained to feel, that I am
pained to see with what contumacy, with what
disregard of the allegiance due from the States, old
and new, they sometimes treat the parental and
paramount authority. And I was lately—I will not
say provoked, for the annoyance was too slight—
somewhat grieved at seeing some letter-writers from
California talking already of breaking off from this
Union and setting up for themselves. They will
venture on no such hazardous experiment as that.
If they do, I venture to say the common authority
of the Union will recall them to obedience and a
sense of their duty very quickly. But, sir, these
three territories, one of which is now called a State,
were component parts of Mexico, and they are
now component parts of the United States; and
allow me to say in reference to that part of the
argument of the Senator from Missouri which
speaks of the wretched condition of California at
this moment, with her mines of boundless extent
of gold—that desperate condition, that anarchy
with which she is threatened, that want of law
which exists, that danger of breaking into pieces
(for such I believe was the remark of the honorable
Senator) if there is not some legislation here—do
not all these considerations, every one of them,
apply with equal force, and ought they not to re-
ceive equal application, to the territories of Utah
and New Mexico? Why, m regard to New
Mexico especially, she is not only at present
without any government, exccpt some patched up
military form of government, but she is at this
moment threatened with civil war with her neigh-
bor Texas, and if I were to single out of these
three Territories, that in regard to which it was
the most imperative duty of Congress at once to
legislate, I would say it was New Mexico, and
the adjustment of the boundary between her and
Texas. Every consideration derived from an-
archy, confusion, the want of government, the
want of law, the danger from disorder which the
Senator has arrayed m reference to California,
applies with full force and vigor to New Mexico.
Well, how does this matter stand? The three
sisters came here at the last session of Congress;
New Mexico the eldest, California next, and Utah
the youngest. They came here all soliciting ter-
ritorial governments. Attempts were made to
give them all territorial governments, but they
tailed. In the mean time, Miss California has
made a runaway match of it—and she has not
only done thai, but she has taken as large a por-
tion of the common patrimony of the whole as
she pleases. She comes here now with her two
sisters—the one older and the other younger—and
cocks up her nose, and asks if you will associate j
her with those two girls, [laughter.] Mr. Presi-
dent, I might laugh, if I did not feel the profound-
est respect toward California; but, as was asked,
on another memorable occasion, "Ye gods, on
what meat has our Ctesar fed, that he has grown
so great?" I believe the meat of California would
seem to be gold; for although it appears to abound
in all paits of the country, yet it is said that they
cannot carry on the government without some
loan. I have seen some documents of late from
the legislature of California, and I find in one of
them a very sensible report to one branch of the i
legislature, in which it is proposed to levy a poll :
tax of five dollars, which it is said will collect an
ample revenue by July next for all the purposes
of the government. But is there not, in the nature
of the subject—which is the establishment of gov-
ernments lor our recent acquisitions? is there not
in the fact of their community of existence here-
tofore, and in the community of their present ex-
istence ? is there not in the fact that we propose
government for the one, matured, it is true, in the
form of a State government, -and for the Others,
governments also adapted to their peculiar condi-
tion, ample reason why they should be combined?
And what is there, I ask, in the nature "of the
case, that offends the dignity of California, or
renders it less to her honor to be associated here-
after, where she has always been associated here-
tofore, with Utah and New Mexico?
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Missouri
has endeavored to place himself behind precedent,
and he asserted that in every instance of the ad-
mission of a new State the question of admission
has stood by itself, unconnected with any measure
whatever. Now, it is very remarkable that that
honorable Senator did not recollect the case of the
admission of the very Slate of which he is such
an able and efficient Senator. Why, sir, that
State was not admitted alone. Other subjects were
connected with the act by which she was admit-
ted. Here it is:
" An act to authorize the ppople of the Missouri Territory
to form a constitution and State government, and for tiie
admission of such Staff info the (Jmon, upon an f-quat Joou
ing with the original States, and to prohibit slavery in cer-
tain territories."
And the eighth section of the bill provides ex-
pressly, not merely for the establishment of a
temporary territorial government, but a perma-
nent, perpetual, fundamental Jaw in reference to
those other territories:
"Thatin afl the territory ceded by France to the United
States, under the name of .Louisiana, lying noith of 36° SO*
north latitude, not included within the State contemplated
hy this act, slavery, and involuntary  eivitudp, otherwise
than as a punishment for crime, whereof the parties shall
be duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby, forever pro-
hibited."
What did we do in the case of Louisiana? In
1805 two territorial governments were established
—one for the territory of Orleans, and the other
for the territory of Louisiana; the latter one em-
bracing the very State to which this provision in
reference to slavery was applied. But if I were
to open the records of this body what would they
disclose? Not a territory and a State combined,
but two States, as far separated from each other as
possible, were combined by the Senate of the
United States in the same bill, and by a persevere
ance almost unexampled in the history of legisla-
tion, each house, having disagreed with the other—
vote after vote was taken without any practical
result. But they finally saw land, and the question
was settled by the Senate yielding to the separation
of the two States, Maine and Missouri, in consid-
eration of the introduction of the free clause to
which I have referred. But, if there were no
precedent in the case, 1 might very properly say
that the peculiar situation of affairs would supply
a precedent. There is, f admit, no case exactly in
all points like that of California, and the two ter-
ritories adjacent to it, which are seeking the es-
tablishment of territorial governments.
In most of the cases to which the honorable
Senator has referred, Vermont, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, and others, there was but one single Ter-
ritory to be admitted, and that was clearly defined;
and its muniments ascertained by the parent
States. But here we have the Subject before us,
and I put it to you, sir, and toevery memberofthis
body, if there is not a connection, and fitness, and
propriety, and sympathy, in the subjects them-
selves, that not only warrant but demand that you
should connect them together.
But, sir, see the enormity of this proposition.
I hope it will be distinctly understood that 1 am
equally anxious with the honorable Senator from
Missouri for the admission of California. 1 think
her admission has been improperly delayed; it
has been unavoidably delayed, by causes which
we all know and understand. But not only does
the honorable Senator require that this eider sis-
ter, who treats with so much contempt the other
poor members of her family—not only does he
require that her superior honor and dignity shall
be recognized, but he exacts from us that she shall
be kept separate and alone; that she shall not be
contaminated by any sort of connection with her
sisters, lest she might contract some contagious
and fatal disease. The honorable Senator is not
satisfied that she should stand alone, but she must
lead off in the dance; she must precede all the
others. He insists that it will be treating her with
indignity, with contempt, if you take up the ter-
ritorial bills m the first instance, and act upon
them before you act upon the question of the ad-
mission of California.-
