THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Mr. President, I hope I am doing a less impru-
dent thing in the attempt I am making to keep
• these subjects together, than I am doing in regard
to my personal condition in occupying so much of
your time. If had supposed otherwise, I should
not have said a word. But, sir, I hope I have said
enough to show, first, that California would be.
more speedily admitted by being connected with*
the territories in a common bill than if it should
stand separated from them: secondly, that there is no
incongruity in the association of the subjects; and,
thirdly, that according to precedent and all- the
analogies to be drawn from precedents -not exactly
like, but somewhat similar to, the present case,
there is no impediment in the way of the course
-which I have proposed. And if I am right in this
view, I am sure no difficulty need be apprehended.
Every member of this body is desirous of restoring
once more peace, harmony, and fraternal affection
to this distracted people. Various projects have
been suggested to accomplish that patriotic object.
Amongst them a proposition has been made by the
Senator from Mississippi to refer all the subjects
to one committee, to be appointed by the Senate,
■with power to report as that committee may, upon
consideration, deem it best, either a separate or a
conjoint measure. The purpose of the committee
is to settle, if they can, the causes of difference
which exist in the country by some proposition of
compromise. There are, no doubt, many men
who are very wise in their own estimation, who
will reject all propositions of compromise, but that
is no reason why a compromise should not be at-
tempted to be made. I go for honorable compro-
mise whenever it can be made. Life itself is but a
compromise between death and life,the struggle con-
tinuing throughout our whole existence, until the
Great Destroyer finally triumphs. All legislation,
all government, all society, is formed upon the
principle of mutual concession, politeness, comity,
courtesy; upon these, everything is based. I bow
to you to-day because you bow to me. You are
respectful to me because 1 am respectful to you.
Compromise is peculiarly appropriate among the
members of a republic, as of one common family.
Compromises have this recommendation, that if
you concede anything, you have something con-
ceded to you in return. Treaties are compromises
made with foreign Powers contrary to what is done
in a case like this. Here, if you concede anything,
it is to your own brethren, to your own family.
Let him who elevates himself above humanity,
above its weaknesses, its infirmities, its wants, its
necessities, say, if he pleases, 1 never will com-
promise, but let no one who is not above the frail-
ties of our common nature disdain compromises.
Well, what does, the honoi able Senator from Mis-
sissippi propose? Here is a proposition to lel'erall
the subjects to a committee with a view to a com-
promise. The honorable Senator from Missouri
rises up and says no; here is one subject that you
must not refer to the committee; another Senator
may rise up and say here is another subject that
you must not refer; and a third may rise up and
say here is a third subject that you must not refer
to the committee. This proposition establishes a
committee the object of which is to compromise
all the differences that arise out of the subject of
slavery. Constitute your committee for such a
purpose, and then take from them the considera-
tion of one branch of the subject. Would this
be right, sir ? Can you not trust your committee ?
Whatever is done by the committee has to be
brought before the Senate for its consideration, for
confirmation or rejection at the pleasure of the
Senate. If they report an improper bill, either as
a separate measure, or a connected measure, you
have the controlling power. Will you not allow
the subject to be considered, examined, deter-
mined upon by the committee, according to the
bestjudgment of those to whom you confide the
great and responsible duty? Sir, I am done; I
ought not to have said so much, and 1 beg pardon
of the Senate for occupying so much of their time.
Mr. BENTON. 1 use to set the hsnorable
Senator from Kentucky right in his recollection
about Missouri. 1 remember it well, and so ought
he, for he had a good deal to do with her admis-
sion, for which Missouri was very thankful to
htm. She was admitted by joint resolution, and |
the act from which the Senator lias read was 1
merely a law authorizing the holding of a conven- 1
tion pTofovijutj that is all. j
Now, if I had been answering the speech of the j
honorable Senator from Kentucky, it might have
been unjust to him to have treated him as propo-
sing that all subjects connected with slavery should
be placed in the hands of the committee; for, in
the brief remarks that he made the other day, I
believe he only maintained that the territorial gov-
ernments should be connected with the question
of the admission of California. But I was not
answering him. I was speaking to the motion which
was then depending, and which motion is broad
enough to cover everything which 1 enumerated;
so broad that it goes far beyond what the Senator
proposed on Friday last, when he addressed the
Senate, and I shall therefore claim his vote against
the motion upon his own speech. He is only in favor
of coupling California with the territories. The
motion on which we shall have to vote, and on
which the Senator from Kentucky must cast his
vote, includes everything connected with the sub-
ject of slavery; and of those things connected with
it which are not enumerated, there are four over
which I wouldgiveno comtnitteejurisdiction, either
by express reference or by implied reference. I
would give no committee jurisdiction over the
subject of the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia; I would give no committee jurisdic-
tion over the abolition of slavery in the forts,
arsenals, and dock-yards of the United States; I
would give no committee jurisdiction over the
slave-trade between the States; and I would give
no committee jurisdiction over the abolition of
slavery in the States of this Union. These are
four subjects which disturb the country—and
which would be necessarily comprehended on
the motion—over which I would give no commit-
tee jurisdiction, and, on account of which, I
would vote against the whole motion, even if I
were in favor of a portion; and I think now I can
claim the vote of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky himself against it.
Mr. FOOTE. I ask for the reading of the mo-
tion, and 1 have then a single remark to make in
refeience to it.
The Secietary read Mr. Foote's motion, as
follows:
"Resolved, That the resolutions [submitted by Mr. Bell]
be lel'eried to a selcct committee oi thirteen, with instiuc-
uons to exert themselves for the purpose of maturing a
sclieine of coiiipionnse tor the adjustment of all pending
questions growing out of the institution of sluveiy, with
power to repoit by bill or otherwise."
Mr. FOOTE. The motion simply proposes, as
has been argued so successfully this morning by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, that this
committee shall have power to examine all ques-
tions growing out of the institution of slavery, and
mature, if they can, a general scheme of adjust-
ment and compromise; with this addition, simply,
that they are authorized to report by bill or other-
wise—either by bill or bills, as may to them seem
ejipedient. There is no design, then, to connect
necessarily and inevitably in one bill the various
subjects involved in the inquiry. That is all 1
have to say.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise for the purpose of
making one remark, and then of making the mo-
tion of which I gave notice this morning, which
is, to lay this resolution on the table, and proceed i
to the consideration of the bill for the admission
of California into the Union as a State. My ob-
ject 111 making this motion is not necessarily to
make it a test question as to whether anything else
shall be connected with the question of the admis-
sion of California or not, but to get a vote upon
something practical, in order that we may see
what is likely to be the result. If it be the desire
of the Senate to unite the California bill with the
territorial bills, it can be done by the Senate, uoon
a motion to that effect. Let the Senate declare,
one way or the other, its determination upon that
point. Any Senator who desires to have them in-
cluded in the same bill, can move the territorial
bills as amendments to the California bill. There
is a bill now pending for the admission of Califor-
nia as a State, and there are bills pending for es-
tablishing territorial governments in ATew Mexico j
and Deseret. And there is a fugitive slave bill
now pending. 1 can see no reason lor appointing a j
committee to take these bills into their consider- |
ation, and bring them in again, and report them I
back to the Senate. If it be the sense of the Sen- '
ate to unite them, it can be done without sendino-
them to a committee. I move that the resolution he
upon the table, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill for the admission of
California.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator with-
draw his motion for a moment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, if the honorable
Senator will renew it.
Mr. CASS. I have a very few observations to
make before the vote is taken upon this question,
as it may be considered a test question, in expla-
nation of my own views in relation to it. I wish
to say nothing that has been already so well said
by others; but before I vote I desire to state to the
Senate how the matter strikes my mind as to the
condition in which the country is at present placed.
What does it grow out of? We have been here
four or five months, and have done practically
nothing at all. We have been going on from worse
to worse, and how is this deplorable condition
to be remedied ? So long as every member stands
upon the ground which he occupied at first, with
no disposition to compromise, God alone knows
where the question is to end; for I agree with
every word that the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky has said. Here is a proposition to refer the
whole matter to a committee. An extended debate
has taken place upon the question, and it is not
my purpose to extend that discussion. A com-
mittee is proposed to be raised to consider this
matter, and why should we not accede to the prop-
osition and refer all the subjects to them for con-
sideration? You will have one chance the more
for arriving at a favorable termination, without any
danger of injury being done. Then why not adopt
the proposition? In the collision of minds among
the thirteen men who are to compose the commit-
tee some practical plan of adjustment may be
struck out. Why conjure up evils that dojjot ex-
ist? Why talk of indignity to California by as-
sociating the question of her admission with other
propositions ? What is the objection ? Why, it
is presupposed that the committee will bring m a
bill embracing all these subjects, and thatweshould
necessarily be compelled to vote upon them all
conjointly. Who knows that? That is one of the
subjects for the committee to consider. It is for
them to determine whether they will report one
bill containing the various subjects,or whetherthey
will report separate bills. This is one of the very
subjects for their consideration, and if they do
report a general bill, it will still be under our control.
If the committee report a bill embracing all the
topics, and a majority of the Senate think that
that course is inexpedient, and that it is essential
that each should he considered separately, the
whole matter will be in our control just as well
then as now, and it will be time enough to consider
that question when the committee shall have re-
ported. If that is the only practical objection, it
amounts to nothing. As to the admission of Cali-
fornia, it is a foregone fact. I suppose you will
not be able to find ill either house a member who
will declare that California, in his opinion, will
not be admitted. There are those who object to
it, and, of those who favor it, there are some who
urge that the proposition for her admission should
be considered by itself, and some others who are
fur connecting that proposition with other topics.
But I believe you will not find in either house a
member who does not believe that California will
be admitted, unless prevented by a state of feeling
which 1 trust will not be exhibited. I concur in
what has been so well said by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky. I have no doubt that
j the propositions, if considered simultaneously—(
j do not say necessarily in the same bill—would
pass through both houses more readily than if
each were brought forward by itself. In the latter
case, the admission of California might encounter
opposition, the nature of which has been distinctly
announced, and which can alone render that im-
portant measure doubtful. I am not afraid to refer
any or all of the topics to the committee, for
the best reason m the world, because I believe the
committee can have no disposition to do wrori",
and because the measure will not commit any
member of this body to any step that may be
taken by the committee, and it is making one ex-
penment more to restore harmony to "this dis-
tracted country. After the committee reports, we
shall be just as free to act as we are now; not at
all bound by anything they may do. One would
suppose, to listen to the objections we have heard,
that the report of a committee would carry some
binding force to which we must submit. I repeat,
