1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:V75i
point of order between Mr. Clingman and the
Speaker.
Mr. HILLIARD. If the motion to commit
with instructions should fail, would it then be in
order to move to commit the bill?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
know whether an appeal has been taken from the
decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. No appeal has been taken.
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 appeal.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was put and rejected—ayes 20, noes
125.
The question then recurred and was taken,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?" and was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
fer the bill with instructions.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for the reading of the
instructions, but withdrew the call.
The Clerk commenced calling the roll.
Mr. PHELPS interposed and said, he under-
stood the reading of the instructions had been
called for.
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. PHELPS renewed the call.
The SPEAKER said it was too late. the call of
the roll having been commenced.
The result of the vote was announced—yeas 80,
nays 121 ; as follow :
YEAH5— Messrs. Alexander, All^n, Baker, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Booth, Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, Jnsrph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Canter, Ca>ey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole,
Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Guiding.*, Gott, Gould, 11**1-
loway, Harlan, Hebard, Henry , Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, Julian, Jaines G. King, John A. King, Preston
King, Horace Mann. Matteson, McDonald, McKissock,
Me.icham, Moore, Morns, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds,
Ous, Peaslee, Peek, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Saekett, Sawteile,
Sch> nek, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spraguc,
Thaddeus Slovens, Stetson, Sweptser, Taylor, Tuck,
Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworlh, and
Whittlesey—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberston, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, B:iv, Bayly, Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlm, Boyd,
Breek, Briags, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, W. J. Brown, Buel,
Chester Butler, E. C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell,
Clinarunn. W. R. W. Cobb, Conger, Daniel, Debeiry, Dnn-
mick, Disney, Duer, Dunham, Edmundson, Efiot, Ewing,
Featherston, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry Gitmore, Gur-
man, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Hammond, Haralson, Isham
G. Harris, S.nnpson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay-
mond, Hibbard, Hillmrd, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Hubbard, In^e, Joseph W. Jackson, A.
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, George G King, La Sfere, Lelfler, Levin,
Li'tlehWd, Job Mann, Mai^hall, Mason, McClernand,
McDowell, McGanghev, MeLanahan, R. M. McLane, F.
E. MeLean, McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Million, More-
head, Mor*e, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Phelps,
Phoenix", Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Rose, Ross,
Savage, Peddon, Shepptrd, Stanly, Fredenck P. Stanton,
Biehaid H. Stanton, Stiong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs,
.Walden, Wallace, Watkin&, Wellborn, White, Wildnck,
Williams, and Young—121.
So the motion to commit the bill and amend-
ments with the instructions was rejected.
The question being upon agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Toombs to the amendment of Mr.
Boyd—
Mr. DISNEY rose, and (after a remark not
heard by the reporter) said, he would make a mo-
tion to give the House an opportunity not only to
correct us decisions heretofore made, but to extri-
cate themselves from the embarrassing position in
which they were placed. He moved to reconsider
.the vote by which they had agreed to the previous
question.
Mr. INGE. I rise to a privileged question- I
move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER (not recognizing the gentleman
from Alabama) said, he would state to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Disney] and to the House,
that it was probably within the recollection of the
House that when this point was made some time
since, that the motion to reconsider the previous
question could not be entertained after the previous
question had been in part exhausted by voting
tjnder its operation upon some of the questions
pending, the point was overruled by the Chair,
but upon appeal to the House, the decision of the
Chair was reversed, and the House decided that
the motion to reconsider the previous question
could not be received at that stage of proceedings.
The Chair, therefore, in conformity with the de-
cision of the House, must decide that the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio was out of ordeY.
Mr. DISNEY. I must beg leave, then, to ap-
peal to the good sense of the House to correct its
decision.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair'stand as the judgment of the House?"—
Pending the question,
Mr. [NGE moved-that the House adjourn. Re-
jected.
The question recurring on the appeal,
Mr. FOWLER. The point of order made by
the gentleman from Ohio was not heaid in this
part of the Hall. We do not understand the na-
ture of the appeal.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
requested gentlemen to resume their seats.
Mr. GORMAN moved to lay the appeal on the
table, but withdrew the motion.
The SPEAKER again stated the question. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] had moved to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
had been ordered to be put. The Chair had deci-
ded the motion out of order, on the ground that
the House had already partially executed the pre-
vious question, by voting upon one or more ques-
tions under its operation. This decision was made
in conformity with the decision of the House,
overruling a former decision of the Chair. The
Chair then held, and it was his opinion now, that
the motion was in order—that the main question
could be reconsidered, though it had been brought
to bear upon the pending: propositions. But in
conformity with the decision of the House, he
must rule the motion out of order. From this de-
cision the gentleman from Ohio appealed. The
question was, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House?
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Believing this a
most appropriate time to test this question, I move
to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. ROOT. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question upon the motion of Mr. McLane
was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid on the table, and the mo-
tion of Mr. Disney was decided to be out of order.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Toombs to the amendment of
Mr. Boyd,
Mr. TOOMBS asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGE moved that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALL inquired if the amendment was di-
visible?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine it.
Mr. HALL. I will not ask for a division.
The amendment to the amendment was read.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked for a division of
the question, so as to vote first upon the first prop-
osition separately.
The SPEAKER. The question is divisible.
The first proposition will be reported :
" Jind he it further enacted, That no citizen of the United
States shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, in said
territory, except by the judgment of his peers and the laws
of the land."
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative, without a division.
The remaining branch of the amendment of Mr.
Toombs was read:
"And that the Constitution of the United States, and such
statutes thereof as may not be locally inapplicable, and the
common law as it existed in thij British colonies of America
until the4th of July, 177fi, shall be the exclusive laws of
said territory upon the subject of African slavery, until
altered by the proper authority."
Mr. HALL called for a division of that part of
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. That proposition is indivisi-
ble.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
whether they were now about to vote upon that
part of the proposition relating to the Constitution
and laws of the United States, separated from that
part relating to the common law?
The SPEAKER. The last clause waa decided
to be indivisible.
Mr. PRESTON KiNG. I desire to have the
clause read. H was read.
THe Clerk commenced the call of the rolll
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order to call for
the reading of the common law?
The SPEAKER. The call of*the roll has been
commenced. No questions are in order.
And the question having been taken, the result
was declared—yeas 64, nays 121; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bea!e>
Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown*
Burt, E. C, Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph p, Caldwell*
Chngman, Coloouk, Daniel, Deberry, Edmundson, Ewing,
Featherston, Green, Haralson, I>ham G. Hariis, Sampson
W. Harris, Hilhard, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, Joseph W.Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sfere, Marshall, Mason,
McDowell, Robert M. McLane, F. E. McLean, McQueen,
: McWilhe, Meade, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Ori, Outlaw,
Owon, Powell, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton,
S Richaid H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob '1 homp«on, John B.
I Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Well-
' born, and William*—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Breck, Brigqs, Brooks, Buel,
Barrows, Chester Btuler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Car ter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole,
Conger,Corwin,Crowell, Dickey, Dtmnuck,Disney, Dixon,
Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham,' Durkee, Eliot, Nathan
Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry,
Giddmjr*, Gilmore, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hall,
Halloway, Hammond, Harlan, T. L. Harris, H-ymond,
Hebiird, Henr\, Hibbard, Hoagland, Houston, Howe, Huu-
t<-r, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, JuJian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. Kine, Preston
King, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Maiteson, McOlernand, McDonald, McGaughey, McKis-
sock, MeLanahan, McMullen, Meacham, Moore, Morris,
Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps,
Phoenix, Pitman, Pdttei, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richard-
son, Robbing, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ross, Rtim-
se.y, Saclutt, Sawteile, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, School-
cratt, Silvester Sprague,T. Stevens, St' taon, Strong, Sweet-
ser, Taylor, J. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Yvalrio, Wentwoith, White, Whit-
tlesey, Wildnck, Wilson, and Young—121.
So the second clause of the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Jirst clause of the amendment had
been agreed to. [This clauae is published in
another part.]
The reason (Mr. P. proceeded to state) why
I make the motion 
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
Mr. PUTNAM. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The amendment was read.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. MORSE moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring upon laying Jthe motion
to reconsidcr on the table—
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired if it was in
order to move to reconsider a part of the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER replied that it was in order to
reconsider any vote which had been taken.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
And the question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative, without division.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the Mouse-&d~
journ. Rejected.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Boyd as amended.—
Mr. GOTT asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
a division of the question upon the amendment.
I want a separate vote taken upon that pan of it
which promises to admit slave States. It com-
mences at the second proviso in the first section.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is not divisible there if I under-
stand it aright.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment is not divisible, for the reason
which has been given on the other question.
There would not be a substantive proposition left
on which to vote.
Mr. STEVENS. Would not the first part be
such a proposition ?
The SPEAKER. Even if it should be, it is
necessary, m order to a division, that both should
be.
Mr. STEVENS. If you strike out the part
which I refer to, the remainder will be a substan-
tive proposition.
