1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
it is an experiment which, if successful, may pro-
duce incalculable benefits, and if unsuccessful,
places us in no worse posiiion than we are now.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire, very briefly, to state the
position which I shall occupy on this question, and
the reasons which shall govern my vote. I trust,
sir, that I am not one of those stiff-necked people
to whom the Senator from Kentucky referred in
the course of his speech.
Mr. CLAY, (in bis seat.) Present company
always excepted.
Mr. HALE. It would seem, then, that the
Senator from Kentucky was making a speech for
the audience and not for the Senate; I mean, how-
ever, to speak to the Senate. X suppose that in all
compromises this is the view to be taken. Here
is one party making certain claims which the other
party deems unreasonable, and vice vena. The
two f.aities finally come together with their con-
flicting claims, and there is the place for compro-
mise. I have listened, sir, attentively to every
Senator who has spoken upon the subject of the
admission of California, and it appears not to be
affirmed by any Senator that that admission will
not take place. The Senator from Michigan, who
lias just taken his seat, stated very plainly that
everybody was in favor of the admission of Cali-
fornia. Now, if everybody is in favor of her
admission, there can be no conflict of opinion on
the question—if everybody is for her admission,
there can be nobody against it. The Senator
from Michigan says further, that her admission is
a foregone conclusion; the Senator from Missouri
affirms that it is an ascertained fact; and the Sena-
tor from Kentucky has declared in our hearing
that she will come in; so that, if all concur in the
same "view of the question, there is no party in
opposition to the admission.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I did not say that
I would vote for her admission.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
Michigan said very emphatically that it was a fore-
gone conclusion. If that be admitted, what are
we going to compromise? It is notdenied by any-
body that shewill come in; where, then is the
necessity for coupling other subjects with the ques-
tion of her admission ? Why couple with it sub-
jects, some of which have many friends, some but
few? You only create distractions instead of con-
cord and unanimity. It seems to'me the proposi-
tion is incongruous on the face of it, to take a
measure which so many are in favor of, and mix
it up with this long array of subjects, concerning
which there must necessarily be a great diversity
of opinion. This, to my mind, is an abundant
reason for voting against the proposition; it is suf-
ficient, at all events, to forbid my voting for it; and
I find something in regard to the committee which
will prevent me from voting for it. This commit-
tee are to be instructed to exert themselves for the
purpose of maturing a scheme of compromise for
the adjustment of all pending questions giowing
out of the institution of slavery. I ask, sir, if the
admi sion of a State into this Confederacy is a
question growing out of the institution of slavery?
]f that is the position of California, that is cov-
ered, and does not come out and show itself; if the
admission of this State with us constitution is one
of the pending questions growing out of the in-
stitution of slavery, let it be shown; and let it be
shown that it is the determination of certain gen-
tlemen, representing States of this Union, that a
State offering herself here, having excluded slavery
from within her limits, shall notcome into the Con-
federacy, shall not be admitted as a State, because
the admission of a State is a question growing out
of the institution of slavery, and there must be
compromises made in regard to it. Let it be un-
derstood, let it be stated candidly and fairly, that
the admission of a State with a free constitu-
tion is to be hindered and obstructed; that Califor-
nia is to be denied a State government, as she was
a territorial government, on account of questions
growing out of slavery. Let it be understood that
in all future time a State is to be met upon her ap-
plication for admission and repulsed, unless she
bring a constitution recognizing domestic slavery.
But there is another reason why I am opposed
to the proposition. It has been announced here
that the law of God settles all these questions.
Well, have we a right to compromise the law of
God? It has been said that it is the settled,
irrepealable, irreversible decree of Heaven that
slavery shall not exist in California. Well, are
we going to invite the Almighty to this compro-
mise? Is his law to be compromised? Is this
irrepealable, irreversible decree to be referred to
the committee, to be taken into consideration for
the purpose of compromising it—of making it a
subject of compromise ? I think not.
I am opposed to it, too, for another reason. I
am opposed to it because I see that it is a scheme
that has been concocted by the committee behind
our backs. The doings of the committee have
found their way to the public prints, and the
names of the committee have been before the
public for about a month. Now, I think this
committee, if raised, should be the committee of
the Senate, but it will not be; it will be the com-
mittee of a committee, not the committee of the
whole Senate. Aye, and I think, if it is to be
a committee for the transaction of business, it is
altogether too large for the purpose. Why, it
will be as large as half the Senate was when the
Confederacy was first formed. We tried one
large committee, a committee of eight. They
failed to satisfy the country or to satisfy any-
body, and therefore I am opposed to the scheme
in this instance, because I think it will be labor
thrown away.
Now, one word about this famous compromise,
about which so much is said, which has been so
highly commended. It is said that compromise
is the great law of life. Well, so it is; but there
are some things that a man would not compromise.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky would not
compromise his reputation, his honor; he would
not compromise the convictions of his moral duty;
he would not compromise his sense of justice and
of right. Well, sir, 1 will go as far as he in com-
promises; but where there is a strong conviction
impressed upon my mind as the rule and guide of
my existence, I cannot compromise that. And
when I am told that the admission of a State into
the Confederacy is one of the pending questions
growing out of this controversy, and one which
will embarrass ouraction and requires compromise,
I utterly repudiate the idea. - I am not willing to
weigh m the scale the right of the people to form
their own constitution and laws, nor if they pro-
hibit the introduction of slavery within their bor-
ders by their constitution, to refuse them admis-
sion. I concur entirely with thehonorable Senator
from Massachusetts, that the people of California
have an undoubted right to inseit such prohibition
in their constitution; indeed, I do not think there
is a Senator on this floor who will deny this posi-
tion, that they have an undoubted right to say that
slavery shall not exist within their limits. This
being clearly their right, then, I am opposed to
any scheme of compromise that can be offered m
relation to California. I am opposed to compro-
mising a clear and undoubted right with any doubt-
ful right.
These are but a few of many reasons that will
operate upon my mind, and induce me to vote
against the proposition to refer these subjects to a
committee.
Mr. CASS. One word to set myself right. The
honorable Senator from New Hampshire has mis-
understood ine. I have not even intimated that it is
the universal opinion of the Senate that the Cali-
fornia bill should pass. I know it is the opinion
of many that it should not pass. Some entertain
objections to it on the question of boundary, and
some for other reasons. What I did state was,
that I presumed there was no man here who sup-
posed that the bill would not pass, unless pre-
vented by means of some machinery to be put in
motion by the minority—some machinery of legis-
lation. Many gentlemen here, iiw doubt, who are
averse to its passage as a separate measure, would,
if coupled with others, acquiesce and facilitate its
adoption. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
has expressed my view precisely, when he said
that it would facilitate the passage of the bill if it
were coupled with those measures which have the
approval of those gentlemen who are opposed to
this. This would be, in effect, to insuie its pas-
sage. And I repeat that I am firmly convinced
the honorable Senator from Kentucky is correct
when he says that California will come in more
speedily by this process than in any other way.
Mr. SMITH. • I desire to say a few words in
relation to this matter. It has been observed, and
I believe truly, that the question of the admission
of California into the Union is already a foregone
conclusion. The honorable Senator from Michi-
gan has declared that he is now convinced it will
pass the Senate by a large majority. And I will
add, further, that it is equally a foregone conclu-
sion that ho territorial bill containing the Wilmot
proviso can possibly pass the Senate. It is equal-
ly a foregone conclusion, it is entirely certain, from
the discussion that we have bad in this chamber
for four long months, after nearly every member
of the Senate has been heard upon the subject,
that ther.e is a most decided majority in favor of
the admission of California; and that there is an
equally decided majority against the introduction
of the Wilmot proviso in any territorial bill that
may be passed. This was abundantly evident
after the able speech that was made by the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts on this sub-
ject some days since. While the whole body of
Senators occupying seats in this chamber oppose
the introduction of the Wilmot proviso in any
territorial bill, while now the honorable Senator
from Michigan, who has been insisting for the
last two years that the insertion of the proviso in
a territorial bill was unconstitutional and void,
declares his adhesion to the same doctrine, and
while the honorable Senator from New York de-
clares himself equally opposed to it, it has become
morally certain that no such proviso can be intro-
duced into any territorial bill. And I have fur-
ther to say, that I myself will not vote for any
territorial bill either containing the Wilmot pro-
viso or not containing it. [A laugh.]
I am optosed to the passage of any territorial
bill; whether other Senators are of that opinion or
not, I cannot say. We have, then, the opinion of
the Senate, so far as it can be ascertained, in favor
of the admission of California into the Union.
We have also a declaration of opinion here by a
[ majority of the Senate in opposition to the intro-
duction of the Wilmot proviso into any territorial
! bill; though I wish to add here, in order to avoid
I nusappiehension,thatifatemtoi'ial bill is pending
I here, and a proposition is made to introduce the
j Wilmot proviso into that bill, I shall vote for its
i introduction, but I shall vote against the bill
! whether the Wilmot proviso is in it or not. It is
therefore certain that no such bill can pass the
: Senate. It is a matter now concluded, and we
know that if honorable Senators desire, they can
take up the territorial bill at any time. We have
been four months making these pieliminary ques-
tions without voting at all; and, if the Senate had
been brought to a vote two months ago, the result
would have been the same as it will now. There
would have been a majority in favor of the'admis-
sion of California, and" against the Wilmot proviso
in any territorial bill. The sense and judgment is
known already. What, then, is proposed at this
late hour, when near five months of the session
have gone? It is to take up these bills for the
admission of California and territorial governments
and refer them to what is called a compromise
committee, composed of thirteen, to be sent out,
to do what? What, in the name of Heaven, are
they to do ? Why, we are given to understand
by the Senator from Kentucky that this proposi-
tion in regard to California, and a proposition in
regard to the formation of territorial governments,
are to be put into the same bill; or, in other
words, we are to have an omnibus billto be brought
into the Senate. Then in what condition am 1 to
be placed, and others who occupy similar giound ?
These two things are to be embraced in the same
bill—to admit California, and to form a temtonal
government. I am decidedly in favor of the ad-
mission of California; but to the. formation of a
territorial government for Utah, I am utterly op-
posed, either with or without the Wilmot proviso.
My own judgment is, that we shall best consult
the interests of the community and the harmony
of the Union by doing nothing on the subject of
the territories. There are Senators here who are
of opinion that a bill should be introduced provid-
ing territorial governments containing the Wilmot
proviso. What is the position in which we are
placed? Here are two propositions. I tun in
favor of one, and am willing to vote for it. I am
against the other, and shall vote against it. I ask
what right a majority has to introduce a conflict-
ing proposition of this character, relating to two
distinct and separate subjects, and embracing two
separate measures of an entirely different charac-
ter—one for the admission of a new State <nti> the
Union, and the other for the formation of govern-
ments in new territories ? They place me in this
