W 8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 5,
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman's objectcould
only be effected by an amendment. The question
upon an amendment cannot be divided unless it
comprehends two distinct and substantive propo-
sitions. The question will be upon the amend-
ment as amended."
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER. Thequestion,Shall theamend-
ment be read? if it is insisted on, will be stated to
the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Have I not a right to call for
the reading ?
The SPEAKER. The -gentleman may call for
the reading; it is for the House to decide, if ob-
jection is made, whether it shall 1-e read. Does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania insist upon the
reading ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do.
Objections were again made.
Mr. STANLY was understood to say that the
amendment was very long, and it would take two
or three hours to read it. It had once been read
The question, Shall the amendment be read?
was taken, and decided in the negative, without a
division.
The question recurring, Will the House agree to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
as amended ?—
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved that the
House adjourn. Rejected.
[The amendment of Mr. Boyd, which has been
heretofore published, provides for the organization
of a territorial government of New Mexico. It
excludes the Wilmot proviso; but authorizes the
people of New Mexico, when forming a State
government, to allow or prohibit slavery, as the
people might desire; and also provides that the
territorial government of New Mexico shall not
into effect until the boundary of Texas be ad-
justed and settled.]
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 106, nays 99; as follow:
YE VS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Bayly, tteale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck,
Brians. Brook-*, William J. Brown, Buel, Chester Butler,
E. C.imngton Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Casey, Ciiandler, Williamson R. W. Deborry,
Dimmick, Disney, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Elmundt-on,
EUot, Swing, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, G.hnore, Gor-
man, Gieen,Grinnell. Hall, Hammond, Haralson, Ifharn G
Harris, Tnoinas L. HUrri*, Haymond, Ilibbaid, I-Iilh.ird,
Hoa«land, Houston, Howard. Joseph W Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La
Sire, Levin, LiUlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Ma-
son, McClernand, McDmald, McDowell, MtLanalmn,
Robert M. MeL.me, Finis E McLean, McMullen, MeWil-
)ie, Morehead, Morton, NeUoti, Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
Peaske, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Riehardt-on, Rob-
bin*, Robinson, Rose, Ross, S vage, Shepperd, Stanly,
Richard H. Stanton, Strong, Taylor, Thomas, John B.
Thompson, Thuntmn, Toombs, Und'Thill, Walden, Wat-
kins, W< llborn, White, VViidnek, Williams, Wilson, and
Young—103
NA¥$-—Messrs. Alexander, Allen. A^he, Baker, Bennett,
Bingham, Booth, Albert G. Brown, Bin rows, Burt, Thumbs
B I3utl.il, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, C irtter, Clarke,
Chnamin, Colcwck, Cole,Conner, Corwm.Crowell, Darnel,
Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Nathan Evan*, Feaiherston,
Fowler, Fi^edlev, Gid'lin^. Gott,Gould, Hallow.!}-, Hatlan,
Si:up-on W HuriN, Hebard, Hemy, Holladay, Holmes,
jfnwi', Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, William T. Jackson, lloberf
W. Johnson, Julian George G Kirur, Jame> G. Kin;', John
A. King, pie-non Kms:, Horace Mann, Mattt-on, Mc-
Gangliey, McICissock, McQueen, Mem-ham, Meade, Mill-
son .'Moore, Moms, Morse, Newell, 0?le, Obi-, Orr, Oik,
jpe<;k, Phelps, Putnam, Reed, R^jnolds, Rockwell, Root,
Rumsey, Sa^kott, Sawtelle, Sehenek, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Spra^ue, Frederick P. Stan-
ion, Thadden* Stevens Stetson. Sweeper, Jacob Thomp-
son, Jamu* Thompson, Tuck, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton,
Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth, Whiitlesey, and Wood-
ward—9d.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
as amended to a third reading.
Mr. GOTT asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGE moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. INGE moved that the whole subject be laid
upon the table.
The House decided, without a division, that the
whole subjectshould not be laid on the table.
The question again recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading
Mr. RICHARDSON wished that thegentlemen
in the aisles might take their seats.
A pause followed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (to the Speaker.)
What is the question, peace or war?
The SPEAKER. On the third reading of the
bnl.
The question, " Shall the bill be ordered to a
third reading?" was taken.
The SPEAKER rose and was about to an-
nounce the result 
Cries of ."Report," " report."
Mr. McDOWELL. I desire to know of tHe
Speaker, in the event of the bill being lost by the
present vote, is it open to a reconsideration ?
Loud cries of " Order," " order."
No reply was heard from the Speaker.
Mr. McDOWELL still remained upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia desire to vote?
Mr. McDOWELL. I have voted.
Cries of " Report, report."
The SPEAKER. Upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed the vote is yeas 97 
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to have my name called.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called?
Mr. CABELL responded affirmatively.
The Cleik called the name of Mr. Cabell.
Mr. CABELL responded " aye."
There were again calls upon the Speaker to re-
port.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I ask, that the
House come to order before the vote is announced.
The SPEAKER (who had remained standing)
called the House to order, and was about to an-
nounce the result.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask to have
my name called.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
Ohio within the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. POTTER replied in the affirmative.
The Clerk called the name of Mr. Potter.
Mr. POTTER voted "aye."
Mr. McLANE again insisted upon order being
restored before the result was announced.
Mr. HOUSTON asked that the area might be
cleared.
Another paused followed.
The Speaker was called upon to report.
The result was then announced—yeas 99, nays
107; as follow:
YE\S—Me.-sis. Alberison, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Boki e, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck,
Brings, Brooks, William J. Brown, BiH, Chester Builei,
E. Uarrineion Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, (Jas-ey, Chandler, Williamson R. W. Cohb, Deberry,
nunmick, Disney, Duer, Duncan Dunham, Edmund>on,
Eliot, Ewing, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Giimore, Gor-
man, Green^ Grmnell, Hall, Hammond, [sham G. 1-Jarris,
Thomas L. Harris, Ilaymond, Hibhard, HiHiard, Hoa^land,
Houston, Andrew JohTison, James. L. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, Leffier, Levin, Litilefibld, Job Mann,
Mar-shall, MeClemund, McDonald, McDowell, MeKi^soek,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finia E. McLean, Me-
Vullen, Moieliead, Morton, Nelson, Outlaw, Owen,
Parker, Ptaslee, Fhcemx, Pitman, Potter, Richaidson,
Uobhiijs. Robin son, Rose, Ros*, Savace, Shepperd, Stanly,
Strong, "Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Waldcn, Walking Wellborn, White,
Wiidnek, Williams, Wilson, and Younsi—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A«?he, Baker, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Booth, Albert'G. Brown, Burrows, Burt,
Thomas i . Butter, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cart-
l ter, Clarke, Ciinjnnan, Colcoek, Cole, Conger, Corwin,
Crowell, Daniel, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Nathan
Evan-:, Feaiherston. Fowler, Frefriley, Gidding^, Gott,
Gould, Hnllowav. Haralson. Harlan, Samp*on W. H.tiris,
Hebaid, Htmy, Hollndav, Holmes Howard, Howe, FJnh-
hard, Hunter. luge, J. W. Jackson, W. T. Jackson, R. W.
Johnson, Julian, Geor«e G. King, J. G. King, John A. King,
Predion Kmc, La Sere, Horace Mann, Mas-on, Matte«on,
MeGiughey, McQueen, McWiUie, Meacham, Meade, Mill-
ion. Moore, Morris, Mor?e, Newell, Ogle, Old?, Oir. Otis,
Peck, Phelps, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rockwell,
Root, Ramsey, SackeU, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolerafl, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Sranton, Thaddeus Stevfcns, Sietson,
Swt «'tser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tuck, {Jnderhill,
Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth,
Whittlesey, and Woodwaid—107.
So the House refused to order the bill to a third
reading.
Mr. HOWARD. I move a reconsideration of
the vote.
Mr. INGE. I move to lay that motion on the
table.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to recon-
sider was not m order, the vote on the third read-
ing of the bill having been once reconsidered.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal from the decision.
The SPEAKER. Thequestion then is, "Shall
the opinion of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?M
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, without a division,
So, at a late hour, the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented, under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of Charle9 Black, of
Texas, praying for compensation for the seizure of tbe
schooner Marcia M. Briggs.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, September 5, 1850.
Mr. EWING moved to dispense with the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Oh, no. I hope not.
It is a thing which has never been done.
The motion was rejected, and the Journal was
accordingly read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of citi-
zens of /ilinois, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Pittsfield to Montezuma, in Pike
county, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. TURNEY,
Ordered, That the bill and papers relating to the claim of
Colonel Robert Armstrong be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Pen&ftms.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the select commit-
tee to which was referred the memorial of Charles
Ellet, jr., civil engineer, asking an appropriation
for the improvement of the.navigation of the Ohio
river by constructing reservoirs on its tributary
streams, submitted an elaborate report, stating,
1 in conclusion, that, in order to secure to the plan
j proposed a fair and perfect lest of its value, the
| committee believe this able and experienced engi-
i neer should be employed by the Government to
I make the preliminary surveys and examinations,
lo be reported to Congress as early as practicable.
How far it may be important to secure the services
of the originator of the proposed plan of improve-
ment is a question, in the opinion of the committee,
which property belongs to the appointing power.
The committee, therefore, recommend, preparatory
to the accomplishment of the objects of this report,
an appropriation of $20,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, by
a mixed commission of topographical and civil
engineers.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Ordered, That it be printed, and that 2,000 additional
copies be printed tor the use of the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
j Affairs, to which was referred the petition of the
widow of Jacob Bright, whose husband was killed
in the public service, asking for a pension*, and
the petition of William Brown, asking to be allowed
a pension; and the petition of Emily C. B. Thomp-
son, widow of Captain Charles Thompson, asking
I that her pension be increased and continued during
her hie, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of said petitions, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was agreed to.
AUo, from the same committee, to which were
referred the memorial of the Life-Saving Benevo-
lent Association of New York, asking an appro-
priation for boats for the purpose of saving life
from vessels wrecked on the coast; and the peti-
tion of Samuel Perrtne, asking compensation for
taking care of a surf-boat on station No. 7, on the
coast of New Jersey, asked to discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that they
be referred to theCommittee on Commerce; whicn
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
refeired the additional documents in relation to
the claim of Commodore Daniel Turner, asked to
discharged from the further cousideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the following memorials: Prom Joseph
P. Pierson, asking the adoption of his patent con-
denser to the engines of the steam naval marine;
from Edward Lynch, asking an appropriation for
the purpose of altering the boilers of the United
States steamer Jefferson so as to apply his improve-
ment for supplying them with a freer supply of
fresh water; from Moses J. Hill, claiming to have
