1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 5.
Mr. DICKINSON. One is afloat, perhaps, but
the other is not. Bat there is no hardship in com-
pelling them to conform to these requirements.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 was aware that both were in a
considerable state of forwardness, and 1 believe
one of them is now ready to go to sea.
Mr. RUSK. I should be glad to look into this
matter, and I hope the bill will be laid over until
to-morrow.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope not. This amend-
ment has the sanction of the department, and I
think it is just.
Mr. RUSK. I believe the Postmaster General
is not here; but the bill may give rise to discussion,
and as there are other bills waiting action, I hope
it will be postponed until to-morrow. It can as
easily be disposed of then, and in the mean time
this matter can be fully examined.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am sorry to differ with
my friend, but 1 think it is better at once to get this
matter off our hands. The gentleman who is at the
head of the contracting department, and who un-
derstands this businessTietter than anybody else,
thinks there can be no objection to the amendment,
but that, on the contrary, it will be a most salutary
one. I hope it will be adopted.
The motion to postpone the bill was rejected.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Yclee was
then agreed to.
The amendment was then ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill ordered to a third reading, anil
subsequently the bill was read a third time and
ARMY PENSION.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Benton on the 3d instant, came up in its order and
was adopted:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aff.lirs tre in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of gtantmga pension
or five years to the widow of Lieutenant Colonel Zenon
Mackay, late of the United States Army."
WALTER COLTON RELIEF BILL.
The biil to make compensation to Walter Colton
came up on its third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
NEW ORLEANS AND VERA CRUZ MAIL LINE.
The bill to provide for a tri-monthly mail be-
tween New Orleans, and Vera Cruz and Tampico,
in Mexico, by steam vessels, was read a third time
and passed.
NAVAL PENSION.
On the motion of Mr. EWINGf, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Lewright Browning, widow of the late
Lieu' Robert L. Browning, as in Committee of
the Who'e. There being no amendment offered
thereto, it was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Lewright Browning on the
list of naval pensidns for the period of five years,
and to allow to her the pension now provided by
law for the widows of lieutenants of the navy who
die in service.
CHARLES F. SIBBAXD.
Mr BRIGHT. The joint resolution for the re-
lief of Charles F. Sibbald, when last before the
Senate, some weeks ago, was negatived on the
question of its engrossment, and since that time a
motion made by the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Yulee] to reconsider the vote against the engross-
ment for a third reading, has been lying upon the
table. When the resolution was before the Senate
I objected to its passage, but on further examina-
tion I find that it is b mere reference of a claim to
the Secretary of the Treasury. I hope, therefore,
that it may be taken up and passed.
The motion was agreed to, and the question
being taken on Mr. Yulee's motion to reconsider,
it was azreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I would be glad to learn, if
any member of the Committee on the Judiciary
can inform the Senate, what amount, if any, has
heretofore been paid to this claimant, and in how
many instalments. I have heard, although I have
not had the evidence of the fact submitted tome,
that a considerable amount of money has already
been paid, in two different instalments, to this same
claimant; and those who furnished me with the
best information I have on the subject, seem to be
of opinion that this claimant had already received
more than in justice he was entitled to receive. I
merely wish the Senate to be made aware of the j
facts, so that we may not have a claim pressed :
upon us in which there is no justice.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was laboring under the same [
impression as the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. j;
Walker] at the time that 1 gave my opposition j!
to this bill. On inquiring into the facts of the r
ca^e, however, I found that I was mistaken, and i!
that I had done injustice to the claimant: that, al- 'j
though he has been paid a portion of the claim, l|
there is yet an amount duejto him; but, by the1
terms of the bill, we refer the matter to the Secre- ;
tary of the Treasury, with the proof that is now
on the file, giving him the power to say whether
or not there is any further balance due to him. If,
however, the further consideration of the subject
is to consume time, I shall move to lay it upon the
table, as I am by no means anxious to provoke
debate.
Mr. DOWNS. If gentlemen will allow me, 1
can put the matter right in five minutes. I will
state that, when this matter was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, it was regarded us very
unfortunate that this individual had been interferred
with or injured in his property by officers of the
United States. Congress passed resolutions au-
thorizing an adjustment and settlement, and the
payment of the amount by the Secretary of the
Treasury. A certain amount was adjusted and
paid; but the claimant contends that there are other
claims of which he had not the evidence at the
time, but which he now has, and which claims he
contends are equally as just as the other, and ought
to be allowed; and, if the case could be again !
opened, would be allowed. But the Secretary of
the Treasury says that he cannot reopen the claim
unless he is authorized to do so by Congress. All
that we now ask, is, that the Secretary of the
Treasury should be authorized to reopen the claim,
and if, in his opinion, a further allowance would
be justifiable, that such allowance should be made.
The committee are clearly of the opinion, as I be-
lieve the Secretary is also, that a further allowance
should be made. AM that the claimant wants, is,
that the case should be reopened, so that justice
may be done. We do not in this bill appropriate
any specific sum. When the case was up before
I thought it so clear a one that I said nothing, for
I did not suppose that there could be a doubt about
a question so reasonable.
Mr. WALKER. I really think that the bill, in
its present shape, is worse than if it did make a
specific appropriation to the claimant. I am op-
posed to this mode of referring questions to the
Secretary of the Treasury Department. It appears
that thi3 was done once before; that a certain
amount, information of which we cannot to-day
obtain, was allowed; and that two different sums,
at different times, were paid to this claimant; but
that he had not then pToof of certain other de
mands which he thinks he can prove against the
Government. And there is no knowing, under
this odious system of procedure, how often we
may have such claims presented here, if the claim-
ants are permitted to hope that, by a little more
perseverance, and a little more grasping, they can
get a little more money.
Now, I look upon this as the most odious mode
of satisfying claims that can be resorted to. I do
not know how much money this man has got; but
I have had it intimated to me that he has already
received much more than he was ever dreamed to
be worth when he went upon these lands and
elected these saw-mills. I would much prefer that
the committee, when in the discharge of their du-
ties, had looked into the proofs themselves and
reported to the Senate such further allowance as
they might deem the claimant entitled to, if they
regarded him as being entitled to anything fur-
ther. If we pass this bill, and any amount is al-
lowed by the Treasury Department, 1 believe it
will be an allowance of what is not and never was
due.
Mr UNDERWOOD. I would like to have the
act which has been referred to read; and also the
joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT. The act is not here.
Mr. DOWNS. It was merely an act authoriz-
ing a settlement like this.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like have the
report read.
The report was read accordingly.
The report, which was made by Mr. Butier,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, sets forth
the petitioner's statement, that certain acts of Con-
gress have heretofore been passed to indemnify
him for losses sustained by the wrongful acts of
the Government in forcibly depriving him of the
use of certain saw-mills and other property in
Florida, and that he has not had the benefit of
these acts, according to their true intendment; and
he now asks that a joint resolution may be passed
authorizing certain accounting officers to liquidate
and settle his claims in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act and resolution referred to, and
the reports of Congress severally made thereon.
The grounds relied on for the relief thus sought
1 are, that the Secretary of the Treasury, by his de-
cree of June 2, 1847, gave too limited a scope to
1 the operations of these acts and reports; and that
1 he had not before him, at the time he made up his
! decree, a large portion of the evidence which had
been taken for the benefit of the petitioner by the
' order of Congress.
| Under the decree referred to the petitioner was
I allowed, as a measure of damages, compensation
, for the loss of his mills, and for the probable an-
| nual profit, from the time hfe was deprived of his
I property until a right to it was restored to him by
\ the Supreme Court. The sum thus allowed was
about $20,000, but the petitioner complains that
this is wholly inadequate, either as a compensa-
tion for the actual losses specified in the'decree, or
the still greater -and ruinous losses which were
brought upon him by depriving him of his credit
and the means of carrying on^i lucrative com-
merce; in which he was engagerat the time the
Government interfered with his property. He
further insists that he is entitled to claim interest
by way of damages, on any sum that may be al-
j lowed him, until the Government shall have final-
\ ly adjusted, and liquidated his claims,
i Mr. DOWNS. It will be seen by that report
that we only transfer the question back to the
Secretary of the Treasury; and so careful have
been the committee that they think there will be
no danger whatever in trusting the matter to his
discretion.
The question was then taken on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed for a third reading,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
CHEROKEE INDIANS.
On the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the following
lesolutions, which are appended to a report of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of the delegates of the Chero-
kee nation and of the " Western Cherokees,"
and the report of the accounting officers upon the
treaty of August 6, 1846:
" Resolved by the Senate of the XJmted States, That the
Cherokee nation of Indians are entitled to the sum of
$189,422 76 for subsistence, being the difference between
the amount actually paid and expended by the United States,
and which excess wa« improperly charged to the ' treaty
fund' in the report of the accounting officer of the Trea^uiy.
•' Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that interest
at the late of five per cent, per annum should be allowed
upon the sums found due the Eastern and Western Chero-
kee:?, respectively, from the 12th day of June, 1838, until
paid."
On these resolutions a long: debate ensued, in
which Messrs. SEBASTIAN", RUSK, HUN-
TER, EWING, SEWARD, DAV!S of Massa-
chusetts, DAWSON, CLAY, ATCHISON, and
others took part, of which a report will appear
in the Appendix. The resplutions were adopted.
WILLIAM HARDIN RELIEF BILL.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill for the relief of
William Hardin.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William Hardin $60G as an
indemnity for expenses incurred and moneys paid
by him in defending a suit to recover money
which he had recovered for the use of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish merely to state that
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] who, on
a former occasion,- objected to this measure, is
now entirely satisfied in regard to it, and with-
draws all opposition to the passage of the bill.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
REVISION OF LAWS OF DISTRICT COLUMBIA.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the "joint resolu-
tion for the revision and amendment of the laws of
