066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
If it was, then he was entitled to the contract. In
reference to this question, I wil! read from the
opinion of the Attorney General. The two low-
est bids were the bid of Todd and Crittenden and
the bid of Billings. After speaking of the dif-
ferent-modes of computing bids, the Attorney
General, in deciding this question, says: " Now
'-the effect of these two modes of bidding is to
' make—by what I am told is the practice of the
* department in ascertaining the average of bids—
* Billings's bid lower than Todd and Crittenden's.
* And yet (he adds) it is to me quite apparent,
* that the latter would furnish better security to
* the department that the entire contract, if made
* with them, would be fulfilled than the former
4 would furnish." Now, sir, it is admitted that,
by the mode of computation in " the practice of the
department,93 Billings's bid is the lowest.
Is not this sufficient? What had the Attorney
General or the Secretary to do with surmises as to
the security which any one might give for the ful-
fillment of his contract? Here were the names of
Marshall O. Roberts and Robert C. Wetmore,
guarantying " that Billings should, in fifteen days
after being notified of the acceptance of his bid,
enter into contract, with bond, for the fulfillment of
the same;" and there was the certificate of John
Young, Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
at New York, that Roberts and Wetmore were
"good and sufficient guarantees." Now, sir,
wnatmore could they ask? Has the Secretary
or Attorney General, when a bid is made which
they do not like to award, any right, on their own
speculations as to thesecuiity that might or might
not be given, to reject the bid on such specula-
tions? If so, who has any assurance, when they
make a bid for any purpose, that similar specula-
tions about his securities, will not be raised, and
continue to be raised, until some favorite is
reached, and when, of course, such speculations
would cease? If the Secretary can on this ground
withhold this contract, he may, on the same
ground, reject any future one, unless the lowest
bid happens to be made by a favorite. Favoiites
alone would get the benefits of surmises—the bids
of otheis would be lejected. Theguarantees were
never questioned, and that was sufficient to secure
the performance of the contract, or the payment
of such damages as would be just on the failure of
is performance.
But another reason has been suggested by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.] lie
told us m his speech, that the department was not
bound to award the contract to any of the bidders,
because u was stated in the advertisement that, on
the opening of the proposals, " the department will
then determine whether the contract ivill be awarded."
What, sir! after ihe department has offered its
terms, and they have been accepted, then to have
the right to back out? This, sir, is evidence that
the defence is hard pushed; for I venture to say that
a weaker argument than this has never been ad-
vanced. The right to determine whether the con-
tracts should be awarded, was limited to the
exclusion of those bids wluch did not come within
the law—there the right ceased. All bids made
within the provisions of the law were to be con-
sidered, and the contract, under the law and under
all law, should have been awarded to the lowest bid.
The Attorney General says, that by the modes of
computation practiced by the department, Billings'
bid was the lowest. If after this, his bid was rejected,
he has done as every other man would do, or have a
right to do—appeal to Congress to give him that
to which he was entitled. With such a reason as
that which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] had urged to govern, it would be within
the power of departments at any time to rejectany
bids whenever the lowest happened to be those of
persons whom the department desired should not
have contracts. It would lead, in my opinion, to
gross injustice. Such a rule never has prevailed,
and I hope never will prevail.
* The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin]
intimates that these resolutions are put forward
under the influence of persons who are hanging
round the halls of Congress, if they are, they are
only to effect objects already designed by Con-
gress. But, sir, I deem n no reproach for a man
to apply to Congress for his rights; and that this
memorialist has rights, we have the unanimous
opinion of the Committee on Naval Affairs—a
committee composed of men of all parties, and
frora all sections of the country. I have heard
too much abuse on men who apply to Congress to
accord to them their just claims. I consider it the
business of Congress to listen to such men. It is
indicative of a bad state of feeling here, when an
American citizen cannot approach a member of
this House, and make known his wishes or his
claims, without being rebuked for presumption, or
reproached for impertinence. I dislike to see gen-
tlemen wrap themselves up in such a garb of dig-
nity; and I trust that at all times, when a citizen
of the United States comes to this hall for any le-
gitimate purpose, no one will be found on this
floor to meet him with scorn, or repel his applica-
tion.
It is not my intention to enter into a defence of
the individual named in these resolutions. But
the invention of a mode of water-rotting hemp,
which is admitted to furnish a better article than
was ever seen in our market, and which has given
the hemp-growing interest an impulse which it
never before received; the fact that his bid is
admitted by the Attorney General to be, accord-
ing to the mode of computation in practice, the
lowest bid for the contract which he claims; the
fact that not one of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs has questioned his right to that contract,
ought surely, in my judgment, to save him from the
censure of any member of this House. But my
business is not with the individual, but with the
resolutions.
It is not hard to discover reasons why some of
the gentlemen from Kentucky should be adverse
to the report of the committee. In the first place,
Todd and Crittenden, who were second on the
list of bidders for this contract, are from Ken-
tucky, and occupy a position such as, if private
purchases arc resorted to, will give them a full
share of custom.
In the'second place, from the specimens of hemp
which Kentucky has sent to the navy rope-walks,
it would seem that she ought to be opposed to
tests and contracts, if she expects to sell her
product. It would seem that the hemp purchased
by the hemp agent at Louisville was of a very in-
ferior quality. In addition to the fact that we
have no tests furnished us of Kentucky hemp, and
the statement of Commodore Skinner, in his let-
ter to the Secretary of the Navy, February I,
1850, " that no regular tests were ever reported
from the Louisville agency," we have the letter
of Mr Caban, superintendent of the United States
rope-walk at Boston. Here is the letter:
United States, Rope-Walk,
Boston, November 24} 1849.
Sir: In obedience foyourorderl have made compaiauve
test«, from St. Peter-burgh, clean Kentucky, and JUinoia
hemp, which is exhibited in the accompanying table, show-
ing the amount o( bump as taken from the bale, tow and
dnt extracted, dressed hemp, yarns spun, and the per cent,
of tow and dirt, together with their trials ot stiength, and
the mean strength ol the^, trials of rope made from each
kind of hemp. These tests do not show that degree'of
stiengm required by the Government standard, \i/.; four
thousand two hundred pounds. l4'ar greater strength than
this, has been shown in many of the former experiments
made J iom American water-rotted hemp, but the hemp was
taken without election, and therefore should be taken as a
tan* test. It will be seen by the table, that seven pei cent-
a^e of tow and four per cent, ol dnt was taken lrom the
Kentucky lien-ip, and nine of tow and tu o per cent, of dnt
fioin the St- Petersburgh clean, and no tow and but one per
cent, ol dirt from the Illinois hemp. But it must he borne
in mind, that the Illinois hemp has been sufficiently hackled
lor spinning by the Missouri agent, at the Government's
expense, and is done in a beautiful manner, and lefleots
gieat credit upon the agent, but lam not informed what
per centage has been extracted. The Kentucky hemp has
been hackled, butnotsulheiemly for spinning; but whether
it was hackled by the agent, and sent here as fully prepared
tor spinning, is with me a question of some importance;
whether the agent is allowed to purchase u very inferior
article, and about half clean it, or enough so thai his ac-
counts shall show well, and then send it here as being fullv
prepared t'oi spinning, when in fact it is only hail prepared*,
and has to borehaekled b-lore it is fit for spinning ; besides,
a considerable quantity of the hemp is ol* a mixed character,
snow rot and water rot in the same bale. This is decidedly
wrong and should not be tnler-ited, as f feel confident no
enactments of Congress upon tins subject, or any instruc-
tions from the department, would authorize anv such hemp
to be purchased for the use ot the navy, as it cannot be
depended upon for durability when made into cordage.
This kind or hemp is not worth so much as the watei-rotied
by from twenty to thirty dollars per ion, and it would seem
that the agent dots not understand his business, or th-.t it is
a culpable neglect on his part. That it needs coircction, is
very plain to be <een.
In these temaiks I do not wish to be understood lo im-
ply that there 13 no good hemp received from the Kentucky
agent, tor some of it is of an excellent quality, but then it
is variable in its character, and the test in the table was
made from thi« kind of hemp. The hemp received from the
agent at St. Louis (Illinois hemp) is, as I said before, thor-
oughly hackled, ol uniform length, good color and strength,
and is all water-rotted, and shows that it has been weli pre-
pared, and speaks for the improvements which have been
made m the preparation of this important staple of our
western States; but while it is admitted that great progress
has been made in the culture and preparation, yet still, in
my opinion, there is a great deal to be done before it will
well compare, in all respects, with the best Riga Reine
hemp. The test of the St. Petersburg!! clean, as >hown in
the table, is about a fair standard for that article, except the
amount of tow and dirt is not so great as usual by six per
cent. There has been received at this place about lorty tons
of Italian hemp, which has pioved to be inferior to the gen-
eral average. A test was made ot it when first rect-ivcd,
and the result that 50 73-100 per cent, of tow and dirt was
taken from it to prepare it lor rope, ana the mean strength
of three tri Is of 1£ inch rope made fiorn it was a,114 lbs.
And, sir, the summary of the above is
1st. Strength of the best foreign hemp, for a rope of If
inch circumference, is 4,200 pounds.
2d. The strength of the best American 4,400 pounds.
3d. The comparative strength of the average of Kentucky
ar.d Illinois hemp is given here by the mean strength of tea
tests, taken from the accounts of tests made in this place.
Ten trials of rope from Kentucky hemp. .3,953 i-JO lbs.
Mean of ten trials from Illinois 4,290 "
The per cent, to fit it for the spindle, of the several kinds
of hemp, is as follows, as near as I can come at it, as ail the
Illinois hemp is hackled by the agem, and is all ready for
the spindle. The Kentucky hemp, being so variable m us
prepatattou, it is almost impossible to come at it coireotly,
but from what has been manufactured, (good and bad to-
gether.) 20 per cent, has beet, taken from it, leaving 80 per
cent, for the spindle. The foreign article now on hand will
yield 83 pei cent, leady for the spindle.
I am, sir, very lespeetfully, your obedient servant,
W. CABAN, Superintendent.
Commodore John Downes, commanding
Naval Station, Boston.
I have given this letter in full, because it shows
very much that ought to be understood; and one
of the important items which it shows, is, that on
a comparison of Kentucky and Illinois hemp, the
latter stood a test of three hundred and'thii ty-six
and two-tenths pounds higher than did the former.
I will not say that this was on account of " free
soil," for I believe a part of what is termed Illinois
hemp was raised in Missouri; although one of the
leading papers in St. Louis, in referring to Ameri-
can water-rotted hemp, says that " very little of
the Missouri article has ever found its way into
the Government manufactory." This statement
shows what may possibly be the cause of the op-
position of some of the gentlemen from Kentucky
to these resolutions. High tests and contracts
would cut off a large portion of this defective hemp,
and of course produce a stagnation in the hemp
trade of Louisville. And, sir, it may be pioper to
notice, what I believe is a fact, that the agent at St.
Louis, who did his whole duty, has been turned
out by this Administration, while the Louisville
agent, who, I am informed, lives some thirty miles
from that city, and who has puichased the hemp
in the character described, in still retained in office.
But now, sir, about the benefit of open purchases
to producers. Can any gentleman from Kentucky
tell me that he knows of five hundred pounds of
water-rotted hemp sold by the grower directly to
the agents? 1 would like to know as to that tact.
I have a list of sixty-three items of puichase of
hemp at Louisville down to 1849. Will any gen-
tleman say that any of them are from hemp-
growers ?
Mr. MASON (Mr. Harris yielding the floor)
said, he did not know personally of any case of
the kind; but he would like to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question, and that was, whether
the hemp sold as Illinois hemp was not in fact
Russia hemp ? and whether contracts for the de-
livery of hemp had not been made which the con-
tractor had 110 means of supplying until he had
bought the land, cleared it, and sowed the hemp,
in order to supply his contract?
Mr. HARRIS, (resuming.) T will answer the
gentleman. I do not believe any hemp classed
as Illinois hemp has been anything but Illinois
hemp—possibly some little of it Missouri. As
to clearing lands, our prairies are alieady cleared.
As to the latter part of his interrogatory, it is very
probable that contracts have been made before the
hemp was sowed winch was to fill the cuntiact.
What we want now is, a contract to stimulate to
some extent the sowing of hemp this season.
Mr. MOREHEAD (referring to a list of per-
sons of whom hemp had been purchased by the
Louisville agent, which list had been furnished
him by Mr. Harris,) said, that several of the
persons were hemp-growers and personally known
to him. He named some five or six. He said
the merchants of Louisville were merely factora—
occupying the same relation to the growers of
hemp as the factors at New Orleans between the
grower of cotton and the purchaser.
