THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
-thrs a little-. ' The system advocated by the gen-
•tiemiMi from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] and the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
favored the hemp-growers during its exclusive
operation, to the average amount of 1 ton 2 cwt. 1
ttf. 10J lbs. per annum; while the system they
denounce as ruinous to the producers, favored
them to the amount of 188 tons 15 cwt. 2 qrs. and
fl ibs. per annum. After these facts, is comment
necdsaary? And yet I may go further, and say,
that under the system which those gentleman ad-
vocate, not a particle of American water-rotted
hemp was bought, as far as I can learn, for less
than $280 per ton; while as soon as the contract
'system came into operation, it fell to §200 per ton,
and hasaveragedsi-nceabout'JSlS perton. Surely
the consideration of these facts must be conclusive.
The gentleman from Missouri seemed to sound
a note of alarm, for the friends of the Administra-
tion to rally to the rescue of their Secretary of the
Navy, from the jaws of this all-devouring reso-
lution. I was aware that the city of St. Louis
elected a Whig Mayor on yesterday week, but I
was not aware that the gentleman had thereby be-
come the Administration leader in thi3 House; and
I confess 1 was not a little surprised to see him,
on a question which can have nothing to do with
party, cali upon his political opponents to rally
to support their own Secretary.
Mr. BOWLIN said, he must emphatically deny
that he had rallied the Whigs to come to the sup-
pott of the Secretary of the Navy. He had not
attempted to rally them for the support of their
o wn Secretary; all he intended was, to burlesque
the manner in which they seemed disposed to sus-
tain and defend him.
Mr. HARRIS. I certainly did not intend to
charge the gentleman with rallying the Wlugs, or
anybody else; I did not discover that there had
been a rally on that occasion anywhere. The
gentleman did, however, express his surprise that
the Secretary of the Navy had so few friends in
this House, and seemed to think that the passage
of this resolution would cast reproach and insult
upon the Secretary. By no means, sir—by no
means; if I thought so, 1 would not vote for it.
It is a resolution to provide water-rotted hemp for
the navy; and m doing so, Congress has the same
right to designate the persons with whom con-
tracts shall be made, as to determine the mode of
making them.
But, sir, I confess there are sundry points in
this business which are not presented as I could
wish them. I blame no one, because i know not
who to blame; but certain it is, that the documents
furnished us by the Secretary of the Navy are not |
coirect. In the " statement" which he has sent
us from the Bureau of Construction and Repair,
"of all the foreign hemp purchased by the Navy
Department," with the average price of its cost,
in order to show us the basis of the offers for
American water-rotted hemp, there are 272 tons
8 qrs. and 10 lbs. of manilla put down as foreign
hemp. The entire purchases of what is termed
" f'oieign hemp," for the years 1841, 1844 and
1845, besides lurge quantities purchased at other
times, and which are put in this table as foreign
hemp, were nothing but manilla, which is worth,
on an average, but about $140 per ton. This is
classed in with Italian, St. Petersburgh, and Riga
Reine, the average price of which is about $230
or $240 per ton. By taking this manilla trash into
the estimate, the foreign hemp appears to have
been purchased at a much lower rate than it really
was; it is therefore very deceptive, and the decep-
tion is to operate to the prejudice of American
hemp-growers. I wished the House to understand
this matter, and therefore have stated it; and it is
rigtit that I should add, that thechiefof the Bureau
throws the blame of this oversight upon the clerks.
It has been said during the session, that a blunder
was worse than a fault. Which this is, I shall
not decide.
There is another item in this report to which I
must allude, in the table furnished us of Ameri-
can hemp purchased-in 1848. The whole amount
purchased that year, is set down at 266 tons 12
cwt. 2 qrs. and 18 lbs.; in which the amount fur-
nished by the American Hemp Company is put
down in five items, amounting to 67 tons 10 cwt.
24 lbs.; while in the letter accompanying these
tables, it is said that the American Hemp Com-
pany delivered^ that year two hundied and twenty-
seven tons. Can any gentleman explain this dis-
crepancy ? If they can, I would be glad to hear
it. If not, let me ask, what reliance can be placed
in a report so utterly defective and contradictory ?
I cannot omit to notice one other statement made
in that report. It says, that " on the 22d of De-
' cember, 1848, in consequence of the large quan-
' tity of foreign hemp on hand, caused by therecep-
' tion of foreign hemp from the Afnencan Hemp
' Company, in lieu of American, to close their con-
' tract, "&c.,thatorders were given to suspend mak-
ing purchases. Now,sir, byan examination of that
report it will be seen, that during the same year,
five -hundred and fifty-seven tons of foreign hemp
had been purchased in open market, over and above
that which was received from the American Hemp
Company; and during the preceding year, six
hundred and thirty-eight tons offorergn hemp had
been purchased, (including upwards of fifty tons
bf manilla, and near sixty tons of Italian, which
lost upwards of fifty percent, in toWand waste,) anfd
this, too, at the enormous average rate of two
hundred and sixty-nine dollars and twenty-one
cents per ton; and these purchases were made in
open market, in preference to American hemp,
which, besides being every way a vastly superior
article, could have been purchased at much lower
rates. Thus, sir, the department filled up its
store-houses with foreign hemp, in the very teeth
of the law; and now, with a presumption that can
hardly be credited, attempts to throw the Respon-
sibility of having so much foreign hemp on hand,
upon theAmericanHempCompany, whichhadnot
delivered a pound of foreign hemp during that year;
for, by the statement itself, it was not until Octo-
ber, 1849, the third year of those named, that Mr.
Cox, on behalf of the company, solicited leave to
fid the contract of the company with foreign hemp
to tlieafaount of two hundred and fifty tons—ten
months after the time when it is alleged that the
enormous quantities of foreign hemp delivered by
the company had gorged the department with that
article. There may be some mode of explaining
this statement; and if there is, I hope it may be
done.
And now, sir, although I think with the Com-
mittee that Billings .was entitled to this contract,
and that it would be just to award it to him on the
terms upon which he bid for it—and that as it has
come before Congress, it might now be awarded
to him not merely on the ground of his having
made the lowest bid, but on the ground that he
has brought into use a most valuable mode of
water-rotting hemp, which promises to be of the
highest advantage not only to our navy but to the
whole country;! shall propose, sir, at the proper
time, to offer an amendment, which will be with
the consent of the claimant. In the first place I
propose to amend by making the test forty-three
hundred pounds instead of forty-four hundred
pounds; and that the amount of hemp directed to
be contracted for shall be paid for at the uniform
rate each year of $218 per ton; which is one dol-
lar and fifty-five cents per ton lower than the bid
of Todd & Crittenden, according to the report
furnished us. I also provide that hemp shall be
required not to lose above sixteen per cent, in tow
arid waste; and further, that all hemp which ex-
ceeds the test of forty-three hundred pounds and
loses less than sixteen per cent, in tow and waste,
shall be paid for such superiority or excess at the
rate of $218 per ton.
This seems to me both necessary and just; ne-
cessary to prevent the enormous loses of fifty or
sixty per cent, in tow and waste which has some-
times'occurred; and just, to give those who pro-
duce an article, which looses but little, and
Which, from the superior excellence of its fibre and
strength, wiil require less m quantity, the benefit
of their improvement. It should be paid for«c-
cording to its quality, and thus would our grow-
ers be induced to produce the very best qualities.
I hope, sir, that the vote refenmg to the com-
mittee will be reconsidered, and the resolution, as |
1 propose to amend it, passed without delay. By
doing it we offer inducements to our farmers to
engage in the culture of hemp, and to prepare it
in the best manner; we shall furnish our navy,and
eventually our entire mercantile marine with a
quality of sail cloth and cordage, superior to any
now in use, which will oftentimes hereafter pre-
serve from destruction not only our noble ships
but their gallant crews, who sustain our flag on
every ocean and on every sea.
Mr. HARRIS here, in compliance with a prom-
ise which he had made to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to induce him to withdraw
the previous question, renewed it.
Mr. JONES moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Mr. WHITE submitted, as a question of order,
that there had been no intervening action since a
similar motion had been rejected by the House,
and that, therefore, the motion was not^now in
order.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order.
So the motion to lay on the table was not enter-
tained .
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. MOREHEAD appealed to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] to withdraw the de-
mand, that he (Mr. M.) might have an opportu-
nity of replying to some remarks which he thought
required an answer.
Mr. HARRIS persisted in the demand.
And the question having been taken thereon, the
vote stood, ayes 72, noes 52.
So there was a second to the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES now renewed his motion, that the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolu-
tion had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, be laid upon the
table.
Mr. J. said (by way of inquiry addressed to
the Speaker) that if the motion to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider should prevail, the reso-
lution reported from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs would be left in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said yes—the resolution would
be left as it originally stood.
The question was then stated on the motion of
Mr. Jones.
Tellers Were asked, and refused.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
was laid upon the table.
Mr. CABELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which (he said)
previous notice had been given.
The reading of the title of the bill, for informa-
tion, was called for.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, insisted on the
fegular order of business.
So the bill was not introduced.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the California question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, desired, if in
order, to move to lay the California question aside,
and take up the joint resolution relating to Ameri-
can water rotted hemp.
Mr. HARRIS claimed the floor, but yielded at
the request of Mr. Howard, who gave notice of
his intention to offer an amendment, (to the propo-
sition of Mr. McClernand,) which was read:
Sec. — Be it further enacted, That in ease the State of
1 exas does not accept the provisions of this hill, arid ratify
the southern boundary of New Mexico, as by this bill es-
tablished, tiien no territorial government shall be organized
on the ea^t bank of the Rio Grande, or embracing any por-
tion of said tenilory east of that river; and all recognition
of the boundary of New Mexico east of said liver, in this
bill contained, shall be null and of no effect.
Sec.—Be it further enacted, That it the State of Texas
shall accept the provisions of thi-, hill according to the terms
thereof, it is hereby delared that the present "law.-, of said
State in relation to slavery, shall he and remain m force
in all that coumiy on the east of the Ulo Grande, in «aid
territory, em braced north of theiMth degree ol north latitude
and south of degree 42, until said territory is admitted into
the Union as a Slate.
S fc.—BcH Jarther enacted, That if the Slate of Texas
shali accept of the provisions of this bill, and transfer her
right to ?aid territory,as hereby contemplated, the Govern-
ment of the United States shall, as soon as practicable, and
within- remove the Indian tribes within the lim-
its of said State, north of said 34th degree of latitude, and
that portion ot said territory east of the ancient line of N«w
Mhxico, as established by the Governments of Spain and
Mexico, shall be, and remain, an indian territory ibr the
use and occupation of said Indians.*
Mr. HARRIS reviewed and enforced the griev-
ances and grounds of complaint of the South at
