1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 6;
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who had the minority
report in e'harge, a dpsign to prevent its publica-
tion simultaneously with the report of the ma-
jority. While proceeding in his remarks, (which
will be published hereafter)—
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
hour set apart for the special order had arrived,
and there was a question pending before the
House in relation to it.
Mr. BOWLIN said, it would be gratifying to
members, all over the House, he supposed, that
the repoits should be printed; and he suggested
that an order should be given to that effect.
The SPEAKER said, unanimous consent would
be required.
Mr. BOWLIN. I hope no objection will be
made.
Mr. VINTON. X desire to be heard on this
question 
The SPEAKER explained, that the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] was
for unanimous consent to order the printing of the
reports.
Mr. BOWLIN. We want to know what they
are.  
The SPEAKER, (continuing.) The question
will still be pending before the House. The only
object of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bowlin] is to have the reports printed.•
Mr. VINTON. It is my intention lo move a
recommitment of the report. That was the reason
■why 1 objected the other day to the motion to post-
pone the consideration of the subject for two weeks,
because I was aware that if, at the present stage of
the session, the subject was postponed, it would
be equivalent to postponing it forever 
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing.) I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Vinton.) No debate
is in order.
Mr. VINTON. Then I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is just what I ex-
pected.
Mr. BAYLY asked Mr. Vinton to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. VINTON. Well, I will withdraw it, but
I give notice that I shall move to recommit the
report.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the unanimous consent of the House is given to
the printing of the reports.
Mr. VINTON. Of course the motion includes
the reports of the minority.
The SPEAKER understands the motion to be
to print all the reports—the report of the majority
and the two minority reports.
And the printing of the said reports was or-
dered.
the texan boundary.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the point of order made previous to
the adjournment of the House last evening, by
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Ho'ward,] upon
submitting a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House had refused to order to a third
reading the bill known as the Texan boundary
bill.
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. VINTON interposed and said: I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to say a few
words, by way of personal explanation, in reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] concerning the report having
been shown to members.
The SPEAKER put the question, and no ob-
jection was made.
Mr. VINTON then proceeded with his remarks.
He said, that when the report of the majority
in the Barron case was adopted, he and other
members of the committee expressed a wish to
make a minority report. The report, with the pa-
pers belonging to the case, were put into his hands
to draw up the minority report.
He took them up to the House for a little time;
the gentlepnan from Illinois came to h im at his seat,
and a®ked him if he could not get the report copied,
saying he wished the original returned to him as
soon as it could conveniently be done. He told
the gentleman from Illinois he would endeavor to
get it done. Not having a clerk ofhis own, he ap-
plied to young Mr. Ewmg to make a copy of it,
telling him that Mr. Richardson wished the ori-
ginal returned. He said he would do it. Some two
or three days afterwards the gentleman from Illi-
nois came to him and inquired if he had permitted
the report to go out ofhis hands, saying that Mr.
Seddon had a'copy. He replied that he had given
the report to the son of Mr. Ewing to copy; that
it was in pursuance to his own request that he had
got it-copied, but that he had no knowledge of the
fact that a copy of it was in the hands of Mr. Sed-
don. The gentleman from Illinois expressing
himself dissatisfied that the report should be in
Mr. Sebdon's hands, he (Mr. V.) went to Mr.
Seddon, and inquired of him if he had a copy of
the report. He said that he had had one, but that
he had given it to Mr. Millson to read. That he
had received it from Mr. Mason, (of the Senate.)
He (Mr. V.) then went to the young gentleman
who had copied the report and inquired of him
respecting it. He said that Mr. Mason (of the
Senate) had expressed a wish to see the report, as
it related to a class of claims in which the citizens
of Virginia were interested. That he had given
him a copv. He (Mr. V.) then went to Mr.
Mason, who said that he had handed the copy in
que'stion to Mr. Seddon.
He (Mr. V ) then went to Messrs. Seddon and
Millson, and requested them to deliver the copy
up to him—stating to them he thought it perfectly
proper that they should know, if they desired it,
what the contents of the report were. That as it
had gone into his hands without his knowledge,
and as Mr. Richardson had expressed himself
dissatisfied, he was unwilling the copy should re-
main in their hands, and preferred that they should
apply to Mr. Richardson for a perusal of the.
original. The next day the copy was handed to
him. Mr. V. said that in his opinion, not only
the Virginia delegation, but every member of the
House had a right to attend at all meetings of the
committee; had an undoubted right to hear all its
proceedings, and to hear the report read, and to
know its contents—and for this plain reason, that
the committee acted as the agents of the House
and submitted their report to the House for its ac-
tion upon it.
He would repeat again, that he had no know-
ledge that a copy of the report was in the hands of
Mr. Seddon, till informed of it by Mr. richard-
son. . , tt
If the gentleman from Virginia was in the House,
he would call upon him to say whether what he
had now stated was not correct.
Mr. SEDDON said: In response to the call of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] I will,
with the indulgence of the House, briefly state the
circumstances under which the copy of the report
referred to by him came into my possession, and
the disposition made by me of it. Some eight or
ten days since, being in the Senate Chamber, one
of the Senators from my State (Mr. Mason) men-
tioned to me that a copy of so much of the intended
report of the majority of the special committee as
related to the Virginia commutation cases had
been placed by one of the Senators from Ohio in
his possession, and that he was surprised to find
that the reasoning of the report was hostile to nil
commutation claims on the part of the Virginia
officers. He further stated that his engagements
were such as not to allow him to examine the re-
port fully, and requested that, as the matter origi-
nated in the House, and might constitute the sub-
ject of its action, I would take the report, and,
after conferring with some of my colleagues on the
subject, take such course in relation to it as we
might deem proper. I took the copy, and, after
glancing hastily at it, submitted it to my colleague,
Mr. Millson, whom I knew to be familiar with
the subject of Virginia claims. After examining
it, he concurred with Mr. Mason and myself in
considering the reasoning of the report hostile to
all the Virginia commutation claims; and as we
considered it in that respect a departure from the
legitimate subject of investigation confided to the
committee, we determined to make inquiry of the
chairman of the committee on the subject, and if
practicable obtain a revision of that part of the re-
port. The subject was accordingly mentioned to
Mr. Richardson by my colleague, who first saw
him. He expressed surprise that a copy of the
report should be in our possession, and, in answer
to an inquiry, was informed how it was obtained.
He then, I presume, had with Mr. Vinton the
conversation which has been detailed by those
gentlemen respectively. In the course of the day,
Mr. Vinton had a conversation both with Mr.
Millson and myself, in which, as he has dons
here, he explained how the report had come into
his possession, and how he had intrusted it to a
young friend to copy. He then desired,although,
as he said, he saw no impropriety m the report
being in the possession of any member of the
House, yet as the chairman of the committee had
expressed dissatisfaction at the course pursued by
him in relation to the report, that the copy m our
possession might be delivered to him. I replied
that it would give me pleasure to relieve him from
embarrassment, but that having received the repoft
from Mr. Ma'son, 1 felt bound to return it to him.
I accordingly sent it that evening to Mr. Mason,
who, as I have understood, returned it to the Sen-
ator from jrhom he had received it.
After which Mr. VINTON said, that as the re-
port was a mere argument of legal questions, he
should, without any hesitation, have permitted any
one to see it that wished to do so, as there was
nothing- in it that could by possibility be a matter
of secrecy.
TEXAN BOUNDARY.
The SPEAKER. The regular business before
the House is the question to which the Chair was
referring at the time the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] interposed and asked leave to make
a personal explanation. .
The House had yesterday under consideration
the bill from the Senate entitled " An act propos-
ing to the State of Texas the establisement of her
northern and western boundaries, the relinquish-
ment by the said State of all territory claimed by
her exterior to said boundary, and of all claims
upon the United States." , . .
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] had
moved a reconsideration of the vote by which the
House bad refused to order the bill to a third
reading; and the Chair had decided that the
motion to reconsider was not in order, on the
ground that the House had once reconsidered the
vote on the bill. From that decision the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Howard] had taken an
appeal; and pending the question on the appeal,
the House adjourned. The question now recurs,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?"
Since the adjournment the speaker has ex-
amined the precedents relating to the subject, so
far as he could find them. This question has never
been decided, so far as the Chair is informed, di-
rectly as it is presented in the present case. A
motion to reconsider the vote on a bill after it has
been once reconsidered, has been held for several
years past, as the Chair knows, to be out of order.
The only difference between these «ases and the
bill now before the House, is found in the fact,
that since the bill was first rejected it has been
amended. The question then is, whether this
is or is not the same bill upon which the vote has
once been reconsidered. The Chair decided yes-
terday that it was the same bill, and, therefore,
that the motion to reconsider was not in order.
In the Twenty-second Congress a decision was
made, to the effect that this rule would admit a mo-
tion to reconsider the same proposition, without
reference to any amendment that might be made.
A motion was made by Mr. Cambreling, that the
House do again reconsider the vote, on the mo-
tion made by Mr. Alexander* to strike out the
tenth section, of the bill. This motion was ob-
jected to as not being in order, the 41st rule of the
House declaring, that " when a motion has been
• once made, and carried in the affirmative ornega-
' tive.it shall be in order for an y member ot thema-
' jority to move for the reconsideration thereof on
' the same or succeeding day," &c. The Speaker
decided that the motion was clearly in order.
From this decision, Mr. Adams took an appeal.
The House sustained the decision of the Speaker,
thus authorizing the reconsideration of the same
proposition without reference to any amendment
whatsoever.
In the Twenty-seventh Congress the question was
made whether a bill which had been passed, re-
considered, and passed again, could again be re-
considered. Mr. J. C. Clark moved that the
House reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill. The Speaker decided that it was not in order
to move a second time that the House do recon-
sider the vote on the question that the bill do pa3S,
that motion having been already made upon thia
bill and decided. From this decision there was no
