1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
the action and designs of the North in reference to
the subject of slavery; argued the unconstitution-
ality and the injustice of the attempt by the Wilmot
proviso to exclude the people of the South from
their equal share in the new territories won by the
common blood and treasure of the people of the
whole Union; enforced the justice of establishing
territorial governments for the territories, with'no
provision in regard to slavery; stated his reasons
against the admission of California with her pres-
ent constitution, and his inflexible opposition to it
as an independent measure; but avowed his will-
ingness to waive his objections, in a spirit of com-
promise, and assent to the admission, if coupled
with bills establishing territorial governments, of
the nature above referred to for the other territo-
ries, and made many other points, of which a full
report is prepared and will soon be published.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. H. having concluded,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to
Mr. CORWIN, who yielded to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, who said, that
as it had been a long time since the committees
had been called for reports, he would, with the
consent of the gentleman who held the floor, move
that the committee rise, with a view to allow the
committees in the House to be called for reports.
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused tu rise.
Mr. CORWIN proceeded with his remarks.
He argued the imperative duty of Congress, un-
der the Constitution and in accordance with the
genius of our Government, without delay to admit
California as a State into the Union—her people
having formed a constitution, acknowledged on all
hands to be Republican, and asking admission
into the Union; discarded the connecting of this
question with any other question whatever; and
ridiculed the theory of an equilibrium between the
slave arid the free States, contending that no such
design ever entered into the minds of the framers
of the Constitution, or of the Congresses for forty
years afterwards, and that it was directly antago-
nistic to the fundamental principles of the Consti-
tution; humorously examined and pronounced des-
titute of foundation in fact, the charges of northern
aggression upon the rights of the South; expressed
his firm adherence to theWilmot proviso in forming
territorial governments, and his opposition to the
extension of slavery; exhorted his southern breth-
ren to cease their efforts to extend it; recommending
to them in stead, to reduce to cultivation their wild
lands, and employ their water privileges in manu-
facturing enterprises; and called upon all to cease
the use and forget the existence of, the word
f{ disunion," and harmoniously devote themselves
to developing the resources and promoting the
interests of their peculiar sections, while they
cooperated in advancing the honor, the happiness,
and prosperity of the whole country. [His speech
will be fuund in the Appendix.]
Mr. C. having concluded—
Mr. ROSS obtained the floor, but yielded for a
motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the com-
mittee rose and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, informa-
tion in regard to the terms on which the mou
suitable site can be obtained for marine hospitals
at Buffalo, Oswego, Galveston, Detroit, Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, Newport, Rhode Island,
Erie, Pennsylvania, and Apalachicola, and his
views as to the expediency of erecting hospitals
at these places; which, on motion of Mr. McLANE
of Maryland, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
II. Also, a communication from the Treasury
Department, covering statements from the Sccond
Auditor's office, of the accounts of disbursements
by the agents of the department to the Indians,
from the 1st of October, 1848, to the 30th June,
1849; and a list of the names of those to whom
the goods and money have been disbursed; and
also, showing the balance in the hands of the In-
dian agents, in obedicnce to the act of 30th June,
1834, for the organization of the Department of
Indian Affairs. Ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
III. Also, the following communication from the
President of the United States, to the Speaker of
the House of Representatives:
I transmit a translation of a note under date the 20th of
last month, addressed to the Secretary of Slate by the min-
ister of the Mexican Republic, accredited to this Govern-
ment, expressing the views of that Government with refer-
ence to the control of the wild Indians of the United States
on.the trontier of Mexico, as stipulated for in the 11th arti-
cle of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Z, TAYLOR.
Washington, April 3, 1&50.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection,
the communication would be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VINTON suggested, that the Committee
on Foreign Relations would be the appropriate
committee.
Mr. STANLY said, the communication should
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
as an increase of the army was the only way by
which they could protect the inhabitants on the
Mexican frontier against the Indians.
Mr. HOWARD said, the subject had' been al-
ready referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs;
he therefore moved that it be referred to that com-
mittee. The question was put, and the motion
was agreed to.
IV. Also, a communication from the Post Office
Department, transmitting, in compliance with the
second section of the act of 1836, reorganizing the
Post Office Department, statements of the sums of
money (amounting in the aggregate to $5,215,167)
expected to be required for the service of that de-
partment for the year commencing 1st July, 1850.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. SWEETSER asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution, (a
copy of which could not be obtained,) calling upon
the Secretary of the Treasury to report to the
House the amount of interest paid upon the Gal-
phin claim, and also whether the law directing the
settlement of said claim authorized the payment
of interest on the amount awarded to the claim-
ant, &c.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. STANLY said that a committee had been
appointed which had this matter in charge. Let
that committee make their report, and then the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] could in-
troduce his resolution. In the mean ume he (Mr.
S.) should object.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution. The
object of it, he said, was one which, he thought,
must commend itself to the good sense and favor-
able consideration of the House.
The resolution was read for information. It was
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to send, under his frank, the private letters
and papers of the officers and men upon foreign
stations.
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not received.
And the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: "A bill to allow the usual extra
pay and bounty laud to the men called into the service of
the United States by Colonel Curtis in the spring of 1847."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of Jacob Ileaton
and 114 other*, citizens of Salem, Ohio, for the protection
of freedom in the territories ot the United States.
AUo, the petition of Samuel Scattetgond «uid 112 others,
citizens ot Salem, O.jio, to secure to alleged fugitives the
right ot tuai bv jurv.
Also, the petition of J. P. Farmer, Jonathan Brown, and
1S1 others, citizen* of Salmt- vilie, Uhio, against the admis-
sion of any more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition ot J. 1'. Farmer and 1:0 others, citizens
of Salmeville, Ohio, tor the establishment and protection of
freedom in the teiritone* of the Uint< d States.
By Mr. Speaker COBB: The proceeding* of a meet-
ing of the citizen- of the city and county ot Phil delphia,
in favor of a repeal ot the pie ent extern ton ot the Wood-
worth planing machine patent, dtid opposed to the further
extennon of said pitent.
By Mr. DURKEE; The memorial of the Legislature
of the State ot Wisconsin, praying that bounty land be
allowed to the officers and soldiers who served in the late
war with Gieat Britain.
Also, the memorial of the Legislating of the State of Wis-
consin, pra>mg tor the free navigation of the river St. Law-
rence, to citizens of the United States.
Also, the petition of Joseph, Fog^ and 37 others, citizens
of EJiot, in the State of Maine, praying Congress to secure to
alleged fugitives the right of trial by jury.
Also, a petition of the same, praying for the establishment
and protection of freedom in the territories.
Also, a petition of the same, praying again t the admission
of any more slave States.
Also, a petition of the same, praying for the repeal of ali,
laws enacted or adopted by Congress, for the support of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of William. S. Roots and
136 other*., eiuzens of Venango county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to establish an Agricultural bureau in one of
the Executive Departments ot tke Government at Wash-
ington.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of Austin Johnson and
52 others, citizens of Rupert, Vermont, prajing for the re-
peal of aii laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the sup-
port of slaveiy in the District ot Columbia.
Also, a petition from the t=ame, to securc to alleged fugi-
tives the right ot tnal by jury.
AUo, a petition from the same, against the admission of
any more slave States into the Union.
Also, a petition (rom the same, lor the establishment and
protection of freedom  n the territories.
Also, the petition of S. Phelps and 56 others, citizens of
Hartfoid, Wisconsin, praying tor the establishment and pro-
tection of freedom in the temtories.
Also, the petition of C. W. Rossman and 61 others, citi-
zens of the dame place, against the admission of any more
slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of J. L. Irvine and 40 others, citizens
of Sheboygan county, Wisconsin, praying Congress to re-
duce the rate* of postage to two cents per half ounce on
prepaid letters, and one cent each for newspapers.
Also, the petition of Stephen Weston ami 54 others, citi-
zens of Lisbon, Wisconsin, piaying that slavery and the
slave trade may be prohibited in the tern tones.
By Mr. BINGHAM : The memorial of the officers of the
Army of the United States, stationed in Oregon Terntory,
for an increase ol their pay and emoluments.
Also, the petition of the inhabitants of the township of
Novi, Michigan, prajmg that slavery and the slave trade
may be expit-ss-ly prohibited, by act of Congress, m all the
territories of the United States.
Also, the petition ot the < lectors of the township of Novi,
aforesaid, asking that persons arrested as lugmve slaves
may have the benefit ol a ti lal by jury.
Abo, the leinou^traiice ot the citizens of the same town-
ship, against the admission of more slave States.
Also, the petition of the citizens ot the same township,
for the repeal of .all laws sanctioning slavery or the slave
irade in the District of Columbia.
Alao, the petition of 715 citizens of AIniont, Michigan,
that trial by jury be granted to peisons claimed as fugitive
slaves.
Al-o, the petition of A. S. Arms and 200 others, citizens
and \oteis ot the township of Mitford, lor the piohibiuon
ot slavery and the slave-trade in the territories of the United
States.
Also, a petition from 200 citizens of the same township,
again--t the admission ot any future State into the Union
unless shivery is expres>ly prohibited in its constitution.
Also, the petition ot 200 citizens of the same township,
for a tnal b> jury to persons ariested a.-> fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition ol 200 citizens ot the same township,
for the repeal of all laws authorizing or sanctioning the
slave trade in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 101 citi2ens of Tay-
lor, Cortlandt county, New York, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories of the United Siafes.
Also, the petition of 105 citizens of the same place, to
secure to alleged fugitives the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of 34 citizens of Cato, Cayuga county.
New York, for the same.
AKo, the petition of 30 citizen*! of the same place, for the
repeal of all laws adopted by Congress for the support of
slavery m the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 301 citizens of Taylor, Cortlandt
county, New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of 102 citizens of the same place, against
the admission of more slave teiritory into the Union.
Bv Mr. WOOD- The petition of George Kline and 120
others, citizens of Seneca and Sandusky counties, asking
Congress to establish a post-route from Republic, in Seneca
county, through Butternut Riuge to Green Creek, m San-
dusky county, twice a week.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of Thomas F. Lynch
and'33 otheis, citizens of Ulica, Oneida county, New Yoik,
in l.ivor of increased and for specific duties on iron.
Also, the petition of Andrew Sergeant and 97 other citi-
zens ol the same county, lor a repeal ot the extension of the
patent for WoodworthS planing machine.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The memorial of the Legislature
ot Texa-, asking lor compensation to companies called into
t e service by the Executive of Texas lot the piotectnm of
the Iron tiers of said State.
By Mi. HOAGLA.ND The petition of John Root and
81 others, citizens ot Cashocion county, Ohio, for tiie ex-
tension ol a mail-route.
By Mr. GERRY: The petition of Daniel P. Hutching and
65 others., inhabitants of the States of Maine and New
Hamp.-hue, prating an appropriation for the election ot a
buoy and beacon m the Pisc-.uaqna river, near Log ledsje.
Al-o, the petition of Mary Chandler, widow ol Doctor
Moses Chandler, late of Fryburg, in the State ol Maine, tor
a pension. , , ,
By Mr MILLIARD : The memorial ol the trustees ol the
Centenary Institute, at Summeifield, Alabama, pra>ir.y a
grant of land lor the benefit of the Institute.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of Thomas J. Wilcox
and>undrv other citizens ot Rockland county, New Yoik,
on m Mibjeet of cheap postage.
By Mi. LEFFLER: Two petitions of sundry citizens of
Jai ksnn and Dubuque counties, Iowa, prawns? the estab!i->li~
• ment of a mail-route from Dubuque, in Dubuque county, to
Maque Rem, in Jack-on county, i'owa.
By Mr. McUUEEN: The pt tition of William B. Rowell
and 45 other c,uzens of Marion district, South Uaiolitia,
praying for the establishment of a mail-route m said disinct.
