670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Also, the petition of T. J. Dazier, Benjamin G-ause, and
others, citizens of Marion district, South Carolina, for the
same object.
Also, tiie petition of Daniel Gilchrist and others, citizens
of Marion district, South Carolina, for the same object.
By Mr. FEATHEltSTON: The pftition of W. A. McKee
and 50 other citizens of Mississippi, against a mail-route
from Palo Alto to Hopewell, in said State.
Also, the petition of James Harris and 50 others, citizcns
of Mississippi, of the same character as the above.
By Mr. BliiGGS : The petition of Dudley B. Fuller &, Co.
and others, merchants, in the city of New York, praying
that the lates of duty upon foreign iron, which were col-
lected under the tariff act of 1846, at the time of its enact-
ment, be now made specific, so that their interest may be
shielded from the ruinous fluctuations growing out of the
present ad valorem system.
Also, the petition of J. P. Mackie and others, merchants,
of the city of New York, for the same.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The memorial of officers of
the United States army stationed in theTerritory of Oregon,
asking for an increase of their pay and allowances.
Al^o, the memorial of John F. Scherraerhom, praying for
reimbursement of advances made as commissioner to the
S:x Nations of Indians, and also for mileage as such com-
missioner.
Also, the petition of 87 citizens of Pitl--ford, county of
Monroe, New York, asking that the rates of duty on foreigi
iron, which were collected under the tanff act of 1846, at
the time of its enactment, be made specific.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi: The memorial
of the Legislature of Mississippi, in favor of a grant of
bounty land to the soldiers of the war with Great Biitain
in 1812.
Also, a memorial of the same, in favor of a grant of land
to nid in the construction and completion of the Ohio rail-
road.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The memorial of John W. Camp-
bell, of Jackson, Tennessee, late pension agent at that place,
praying lor relief, &c.
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT: The petition of F. C Fox
and 59 others, citizens of Sharon Springs, New York, in
favoi of establishing a mail-route from Uanajoharieto Shaion
Center.
Also, the petition of Charles G. Sheppard and 149 others,
citizens of Yates county, New York, for the repeal of all
laws enacted or adopted by Congress, by which the slave
trade is authorized or sanctioned in the District of Columbia,
that in ca^e of their non-repeal, the seat of the National
Government may be removed to some more suitable loca-
tion.
Al-o, the petition of the same, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories.
By Mr. HARLAN; The petition of C. Shucart and 177
others, citizens oi the county of Grant, in the State of Indi-
ana, requesting that provision he made by law of Congress,
that whenever a person shall be arrested as a fugitive slave
m any State of the Union other than the State in which he
or she is alleged to be held to service ; he or she (as the ca?e
may be) shall not be delivered to the claimant or his agent,
except on the finding of a jury that he or she is the slave of
the claimant.
Also, the petition of C. Shugart and 157 other®, citizens
of the county of Grant and State of Indiana, praying the re-
peal of ail laws or parts of laws adopted by Congress, by
which slavery or the slave trade is anthouzed* or sanctioned
in the city of Washington, or District of Columbia, arid that
in the event of their non-repeal, the seat of Government
mav be removed to some more suitable place.
Also, the petition of C. Sliugait and 169 others of the
county oi Grant, and State of Indiana, piaymg that hereafter
no State shall be admitted inlo the Union, unless the con-
stitution of such State shall expressly piolubit the existence
of slavery within its limits.
Also, th* petition ot' C. Shngart and 176 others of the
county of Grant, and State of Indiana, praying that slaveiy
and the slave trade may be expre^slv prohibited by act of
Congress, in all the territories of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 9, 1850.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am sorry, Mr. President,
quite sorry, to be obliged to request of the Senate
that I may be excused from performing the duties
of one of the committee who has been raised by
the Senate for the purpose of accompanying; the re-
mains of the late distinguished Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to his mansion in that
State. Being quite desirous of doing whatever I
could to manifest respect for the illustrious dead,
and sympathy and condolence for the living, I had
hoped it might be in my power to proceed with
the rest of the committee on this service. But I
find that there is a necessity, on account of private
affairs, that I should, for a few days, visit my
own home. This will render it impossible for me
to perform the service which I, under other cir-
cumstances, would have cheerfully performed. I
must, therefore, pray the Senate to take such
measures as may be necessary to fill my place on
the committee.
Mr. MASON. I regret very much that cir-
cumstances have occurred which require that the
Senator from Massachusetts should decline the
service to which he was appointed; but 1 am sat-
isfied that circumstance did require that he should
ask to be excused from that service. The com-
mittee waa appointed by the Chair, under a reso-
lution of the Senate, and I move that the Chair
have autho;ity to fill the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT nominated Mr.
Clarke, of Rhode Island, to serve in the place
of Mr. Webster, excused.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
the heirs of James Young, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of Howell
R. Robards, asking compensation for his services
as surgeon to the regiment of Tennessee volun-
teers in the late war with Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GREENE presented three petitions from
Rhode Island in favor of cheap postage, for redu-
cing it to two cents on all prepaid letters not ex-
ceeding half an ounce; one from male and female
residents of the State having friends in California;
one from male and female members of the benevo-
lent society connected with High Street Church
of Providence, and one fiom male and female resi-
dents of the State generally; all of which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of William
A. Adams and others, citizens of Hamilton county,
Ohio, asking indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which was ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. PEARCE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Maryland, requesting the Senators
and the Representatives of that State in Congress
to use their best exertions to procure an appropri-
ation for establishing light-boats near the mouth
of the Patapsco river, and at the mouth of the
Annamessix river, in the said State; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a lesolution of the same Legislature, re-
questing the Senators and Representatives of that
State in Congress to use their exertions to procure
an appropriation for a light-boat on James' island
Bar, m the Tangier Sound, in Maryland; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce and
ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same, the following resolution:
By the House of Delegates, Fetnuary 2,1850.
Whereas the Congress of the United States, in October,
1780, passed the following resolution:
Resolved, That a monument be erccted to the memory
of the late Major Grnei al the ft.mm DeKalb, at the city ot
Annapolis, in the State of Mainland, with tiie following
inaciiption:
Sacred to the memory of the
BARON L)E KALB,
Knight of tiie royal oider ot military merit,
Brigudiei of the armies of France,
and
Majoi -General
In the serviue oi'the United States of America,
Having served with honor and reputation
For tiiree years,
He gave a last and glorious proof ofhis
Attachment to the liberties of mankind
And tin; cause of Anieuca,
In the action neai C.irnuen, m tiie State of South Carolina,
On the 16th d.iy ot August, 1780, J
When, in leading on the troops ot the
Maryland and Delaware lines
Agam^t superior nunibcis,
And animating them by his example
To deeds oi valor,
He was pieiced with many wounds,
And on the nineteenth following expired,
In the 48th year of ins age.
The Congress
Of the United States of America,
In gratitude to las zeal, services, and merit,
Have crected this monument.
And whereas, from some cau^e unknown to this Legisla-
ture, the lesolutioii aioieaaid lias never been earned0 in to
effect by the erection of a monument to the illustrious
champion of hheity whose memory it was denned to per-
petuate : There/ore,
Resolved by the General Assembly of Maryland, That our
Senators and Representatives in Uongress be requested to
urge upon the pr^ent Congie*s of tiie United State* the
propriety ot taKing such action as wiUcatrj into eftect tiie
patriotic design ot the Congress of i/fcO, m ihe erection of a
monument to the memoiy of the lamented and caliant JDe
Kalb at the city of Annapolis. i
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the documents on the files ot the Senate
relating to the claims of the State of Iowa to compensation
for the services of her mihtia in the year 1639 be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
John S. Devlin, administrator of Elijah J. Weed,
late quartermaster of marines, asking that the ac-
counts of said Weed may be settled upon equita-
ble "principles, submitted a repoit, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of the securities of Elijah J. Weed, laie quar-
termaster of marines; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of citizens of San Diego, to make that
place a port of entry, reported against printing the
same; which was concurred in.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FELCH gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to amend the act of 4th September, 1841,
granting preemption rights to settlers on the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. MASON gave notice of a bill giving the
assent of the United States to an act of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Maryland, passed at the Decem-
ber session, 1844, chapter 287.
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims:
An act for the relief of John Dickson, surviving
partner of the firm of Lambert & Dickson;
An act for the relief of George Collier ar.d Wil-
liam G. Pettus;
An act for the relief of the legal representative
of Captain George R. Shoemaker, deceased;
An act for the relief of Sarah Jane West;
An act for the relief of John Piunkett;
An act for the relief of Charles Stuart;
The following bills from the House of Represent-
atives were read a first and second time by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
An act for the relief of Williams, Staples & Wil-
liams;
An act for the relief of Smith & Hersey.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions:
An act for the relief of Camfield Averill;
An act for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman;
An act for the relief of Anna Giffin;
An act for the relief of Skelton Fulton;
An act for the relief of Eiiphas C. Drown;
An act for the relief of William Whicher.
House bill for the relief of Edward Everett, late
a sergeant in the United States army, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
House bill for the relief of Joseph Richards,
was read a first and second time by us title, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the deficiency hill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I believe, by
the order of the Senate, the census bill was made
j the order of the day for this morning. There was
a vote to that effect passed a few days ago, and I
| hope, sir, it will be taken up and acted upon, ac-
| cording to the disposition made of it at that time,
i The VICE PRESIDENT. There have been
several special ordeis made by the Senate that
have not yet been actcd upon. There are the.
resolutions of the Senator from Kcntu cky, [Mr.
Clay,] which were made the special order ot' the
- day for March 27th, and postponed until .March
| 28th; the message of the President, accompanying
j the Constitution of California, which was made
! the special order for March 23ih, and was post-
poned to April 1st, and not since acted upon; the
! resolution of the Senator from Maine, [l\lr, Brad-
bury,] on the subject of removals from office, was
i made the special order for March 28th, and post-
poned to April 2d; the House bill 154—the defi-
| ciency bill—was made the special order for April
i 5th, and was postponed to the 8l1i; and the Senate
, bill, 76, in relation to the census, was also made
j the special order for the 5th of April, and was
| postponed to the 9th, this day. The deficiency
bill was made the special order of the day for yes-
