THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9.
The social table has undergone a very great
alteration; six or seven columns have been struck
out. I speak of the table of the census committee;
and, as 1 suppose, on motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, the words " pauper" and " convict"
were introduced into the first column.
I shalt propose, inasmuch as there, has been
printing done on these first three tables, that they,
be adopted according to the forms which the com-
mittee proposed. And the fourth, with the three
first, and the table with regard to produce—these,
agreeably to the suggestion of the Senator from
Kentucky, long since made, 1 am willing to adopt,
inasmuch as some printing has- bee'a done' and.
some portion of the work stereotyped. W hile I
propose to the Senate to take these four tahles, 1*
propose that th<ey take the other two, as reported
by the committee. These are the agricultural and
social tables. I will state briefly the reasons why
we propose these. In the first place, I think the
table reported by the census board too crowded.
It is impossible to put the number of figures into
these columns which will be required when the
census comes to be taken. The committee, acting
on that view, have diminished the columns some
six or seven. The columns of the tables reported
by the census board number fifty-two, and those
of the census committee number forty-six, and the
committee have transferred several of these col-
umns, where it could be done without great incon-
venience or disadvantage, to the social table; and
they have got them into a better form, as I think
every gentleman will be satisfied, if he will look
at the subject with careful attention, than they
can possibly be in these tables. By taking them
from the agricultural table into the social table, you
gain room for the other items, which isjan indispen-
sable thing.
Without troubling the Senate much in this mat-
ter, I wish to make one remark more. It is said
by the census board, they admit that certain alter-
ations were made in these tables after they were
laid before us by their secretary. They say,
however, they never authorized these tables which
were laid before us, and that they weie not their
tables; but they did, after this event took place,
make alterations in their tables, but they did not
make them at the suggestion of the committee.
Well now, sir, it is manifest, on the very face
of it, that alterations were made, and so numerous
that, according to the statements of the Senator
from Kentucky, who conversed with the printer on
the subject, he could not tell how many there were;
they were numerous; this is manifest on the face
of the tables themselves. They say they did not
do it at the suggestion of the committee. I am
willing to take their word, but there are one or two
striking coincidences in the matter. My friend
froin Kentucky moved to place in the ixist table
the words " convict" and "pauper." That struck
out of the social table some eight columns and
transferred them to the other table. Now you
will find m the amended table of the census board
that they have done precisely the same thing. 1
know that minds can act independently of each
other; I know that the same thought may strike
two minds and be common to them both; and for
that reason I am not disposed to dispute their
statement. They say that these amendments are
slight. I will even take that; all I wish is, that the
facts should appear as they really are m them-
selves, and every Senator can judge whether they
are slight or important.
Now, with regard to the agricultural table, these
are not only the reasons 1 have assigned why we
should adopt this table, but the general arrange-
ment is altogether better. There seem to me to'be
some things in the table reported by the census
board which will hatdly bear examination. For
instance, they propose to take the enumeiation of
cows and oxen not over two years old, as if there
were cows and oxen not over that age. Well,
sir, I might have added also that there are certain
other words and ariangements in regard to this
live stock which were proposed by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, which are also iound m the
amended table of the census board.
Sir, we have no pride of opinion about this
work; but we think that the public inteiest will be
promoted and better subserved by taking the four
tables I have enumeiated, as reported by the cen-
sus board, and taking the agricultural table and
r ta^le as reported by the committee.
1 know how dry this subject is, and how diffi-
cult to comprehend it, unless the minds of gentle-
men are directed to the particular object; but if I
could draw their attention to it in its details, which
would be quite tedious, I could show them that
the agricultural table is greatly superior to the
other, especially when there shall be added to it
on& small amendment which I propose to make.
For example, let me state: The census board
propose to put in-the stock on the first of June,
1S50. All the stock alive on that day is to be
enumerated. That leaves out of sight all the ani-
mals that have been slaughtered in the year pre-
ceding. "What the committed aimed at was to get
at the resources of the farm, and we thought it
necessary also for this purpose to give some ac-
count of the animals slaughtered.
My friend [Mr. Mangom] suggests to me that
we only give what is sold. 1 will state to the
Senator that that only refers to certain articles,
products of gardens, orchards, &c. We give the
whole amount of corn, hay, and live stock, and
indeed of everything that is raised, except those
articles of horticulture, gardening, &.c., which are
but incident to the business of farming, and of
which an accurate return would be difficult to col-
lect. Of these last articlesjjve have concluded it
to be better to take the whole amount that is sold.
If I thought I could add anything to this state-
ment which would in any way enlighten the Sen-
ate or compensate them for taking up the time, i
would proceed, I desire to be as brief as possible
in the views I express; and if any gentleman is at
a loss on any point, I am ready, for one, and so
are the other members of the committee, to give
any explanation that may be asked. With this
explanation, I move you that tables No. X, No. 2,
No. 4, and No. 6—that is, the tables of white pop-
ulation, of slave population, of deaths, of the prod-
ucts of industry, embracing manufactures—which
I send to the Chair, and which are part of those
prepared by the census board, be substituted in
lieu of the committee's tables on the same subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Will those tables be then
amendable ? for 1 desire to move an amendment to
one of them.
Mr. DAVIS. The only reason why the com-
mittee adopted them is because a portion of them
have been already printed.
Mr. BUTLER. Notwithstanding it has been
printed, 1 move to amend, so that instead of re-
quiring the names of the slaves to be taken, the
number only shall be required. 1 understand the
Senator to adopt this table m lieu of that reported
by the committee; and I now move to strike out
the word " names" and insert the word " num-
ber," so that the heading of the table shall read
" number of the slaves."
Mr. DAVIS. So far as I am concerned it is
perfectly immaterial to me what course is pursued
in getting the enumeration, and 1 believe that the
only thing which induced the use of the word
" names" in both of the tables, was the supposi-
tion that a greater degree of accuracy would be
thereby ascertained, and any fraud be the' more
readily detected. However, if gentlemen have any
choice on the subject, I am not disposed to object.
Mr. BUTLER. The census heretofore taken
has only required the number of the slaves, and
1 see no useful information the obtaining of the
names of the slaves can afford. On a plantation
where there are one, two, or three hundied slaves,
there are perhaps several of the same name, and
who are known simply by some familiar designa-
tion on the plantation. It can afford no useful m-
ormation,and wilt make a great deal of labor. I
made the same objection m the committee, and I
move to amend in accordance with that objection
now.
iVir. DAVIS. If we are only to get the aggre-
gate number of slaves, how aie we to ascertain tile
owners?
Mr. BUTLER. By providing that the number
of slaves owned by him shall be put opposite to
the name of each owner.
Mr. DAVIS. Then we shall lose the benefit of
the classification of ages.
Mr. BUILER, Not at all. The age and sex
will remain—everything but the name." i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If you leave the a^e ^
and sex of each slave, it will be perceived at once
that the master and the census-taker must have
his attention directed to each individual slave.
Ihen, as each individual slave upon the plantation
must constitute the subject of particular reference
at the time, in order to ascertain the age and the
sex, and the other inquiries which the census table
proposes to enumerate, it does seem to me that
he must necessarily get the name.
Mr. BADGER. What do you want of such
names as Big Cuff and Little Cuff?
Mr. BUTLER. Or of Little Jonah and Big
Jonah? [Laughter.]*
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no particular
anxiety to see these classical names that have
been suggested, and whether it be Ciccro or Cuff,
it makes no difference to me. As it is necessary
that attention must be directed to each individual,
it occurred to me that the census taker could cer-
tainly make more progress by putting down the
name, instead of being obliged to make a series of
calculations. Then all that will be necessary will
be, to put down the name, and to carry out the
sex and'age opposite to it; otherwise, the census
taker will have, in the course of his examination,
to take a child of one age and put him down, arid
make a memorandum, and then go on and take
another child of another age, and put him down,
and so on; and before he can make all the inqui-
ries in regard to each on the plantation, he will
have a whole sheet of paper covered with cal-
culations and figures. I do believe the work
can be done quicker and faster by making an en-,
try of the names, and passing from one to the
other, and thus save all of this calculation. This
same process has been adopted in reference to
white population. The old system of proceeding
was, to put down the population according to a
classification of ages, as between five and ten; and
ten and fifteen; and fifteen and twenty, and so on.
The effect of that arrangement was, to require the
census taker and the head of the family, in the
calculation to which I have alluded, to ascertain
the particular ages, and what class the particular
individual should be enumerated under; and we
thought, upon making an estimate, that it would
really take more time and labor to make this clas-
sification, and to arrange it in classes according to
years, than it would merely to put down the
names and ages—the simplest of all processes. I.
believe, therefore, that instead of imposing addi-
tional labor, it would save time and labor.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it proposed to publish the
names ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not at all; there is a
total mistake on that subject. The names of the
white population are not proposed to be published,
nor are the names of the blacks. But you get by
these inquiries the elements of a calculation sent
up to the census office here, by which the aggre-
gate is to be ascertained. You will have the
names of so many whites or blacks of ally given
age furnished, and the calculation to be made upon
these elementary tables is that alone which is to
be published.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to ask the Senator what
public advantage there can be in having on the
files of the department the names of all ihe inhabit-
ants of the United States, white or black, without
distinction? What advantage can theie be to
know that there is a John Smith in New York,
another in Kentucky, and another in Georgia? It
has never been done before, and will certainly be
a work of great labor and expense.
Mr. UN DERWOOD. I shall have to repeat, for
I desire to answer every question that 1 can. As I
have stated to the Senate, according to the old
rule, our census takers were sent to each man's
house lor the purpose of ascertaining how many
children there were under the age of five years,
and how many between the ages of five and ten
and ten and fifteen; and so on, until above one
hundred. When this change, so as to require tlffe
taking of the names, was suggested to me, I
acknowledge that it was new to me, and that I
made the very objection which the Senator from
Florida has made, and argued it a little in commit-
tee, for it struck me as being a monstrous sort of
proposition. It was something new, I confess;
something I had never heard of before, and de-
parting from all the census tables made from the
foundation of the Government to the present day.
It led my mind to inquiry upon the subject, and
that is the effect I desire should be produced upon
the Senate. The course of reasoning and inquiry
I have already suggested to the Seriate brought
my mind to the conclusion that the census lakers
would do their work faster, and certainly more
accurately, and thus furnish the basis of a more
