1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been silent in regard to most of them, because I
have seen a deteimination on the part of the Sen-
ate to pass them. I am aware that Wisconsin
has obtained the passage of a similar bill during
the present session, and that she has others of a
similar character now before the Senate, but her
Senators and Representatives were acting under
the memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
and 1 believe not one of them from the prompt-
ings of his own convictions of the correctness of
this mode of disposing of the lands. But acting
with fidelity to the instructions of our Legisla-
ture, we have acquiesced in the passage of those
bills. It seems to me, however, that when it is
proposed to make three of these giants at one
session to one State, it cannot be thought im-
modest in those opposed to this policy if they
should suggest that this is certainly carrying it to
an unreasonable extent. I have no doubt of the
passage of this bill, and I wish simply, through
the debates, and not upon the journals, to be un-
derstood as opposed to the whole policy, whether
it#relates to Wisconsin, Alabama, or any other
State in the Union.
There being no amendment proposed, the bill
■was reported to the Senate and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
#- .PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, owing to the
great anxiety manifested by the Senate to give its
attention to private bills during the morning hour,
I have not hitherto called its attention to a subject
of a personal nature which demands from me some
aotice. Recently a letter appeared in a paper pub-
lished in this city, from a member of the other
House, in relation to which I propose on Monday
next to claim the indulgence of the Senate, that I
may make such an explanation as th£case requires.
overflowed lands in louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS. I move that two thousand ex-
tra copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, of the 24th of August last, in relation to
the overflowed lands in the State of Louisiana, be
printed for the use of the Senate. It has already
been ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINTHROP. 1 believe I may be allowed
to move an amendment to the motion of the Sen-
ato^from Louisiana, which will save me the trouble
of offering a separate resolution which 1 had pro-
posed to offer to-day. I believe that one part of
this communication of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior includes a leport made by J)r. Charles T.
Jackson, on the geology and mineralogy of the
lands of the United States in the State of Michi-
gan; and 1 have just received a letter from Dr.
Jackson, informing me that he is unable to pro-
cure a aingle copy of his own report for the pur-
pose of sending to scientific friends and societies
in this country and in Europe. It has been usual,
I understand, to allow fifty or a hundred copies of"
these scientific reports to their authors for this
purpose, and I propose now simply to amend the
motion made by the Senator from Louisiana by
adding:
" And that the Secretary of the Senate be directed to fur-
nish Di. Uhatles T. Jackson vvuh one liunditd copies of Ins
ireport on the geology and mineralogy of the public lauds of
the United Slates in the State of Michigan."
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must present
it as a separate proposition. The subject has no
connection with the report referred to by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana.
Mr. WINTHROP. If I understand correctly
the circumstances of the case, they are these: The
report of the Secretary of the Interior includes the
scientific report of Mr. Jackson 
The PRESIDENT. Not in this report. This
refers especially to the overflowing of lands by
the Mississippi.
Mr. WINTHROP. I supposed it was the
general report of the Secretary of the Interior.
The motion to print two thousand extra copies,
as moved by Mr. Downs, was agreed to.
line of the treatY OF UTRECHT.
Mr. BENTON. I ask leave to communicate
to the Senate, and to move for the printing of a
letter from the Department of State, received by
me a few days ago, in relation to the line of the
treaty of Utrecht. It had been made known to
me that in a letter from the then Minister of the
United States to Great Britain, (Mr. Everett,') in
the year 1843, to the then Secretary of State, (Mr.
Webster,) it is stated that he had seen that line
Sept.6,
upon a map shown to him since the settlement of
our boundary question by Sir Robert Peel and
Lord Aberdeen. I applied for it at the time I made
the little speech about printing books, but it could
not be found. I now ask leave to communicate it
to the Senate and have it read, and I hope it will
be ordered to he printed, it relates both to the
line of the treaty of Utrecht and to our northeast-
ern boundary, both ©f which Mr. Everett saw
after the controversy on the subject was over.
.The letter was then read by the Secretary, ae
follows:
te Department or State,
Washington, August 28, 1850.
"The Secretary ot State presenters compliments to Mr,
Benton, and has the honor to transmit herewith a copy ol
the paragraph from one of Mr. Everett's tetters, *equet-ted
by Mr. Benton. The paragraph has just been discovered.
u Extract from a letter from Mr. Bierett to Mr. Webster,
dated Zorttfon, 3lst March, 1843.
"The nbove was chiefly written before I had seen Mr.
Oswald's map, which I have since, by the kindness ofStr
Koberl Peil and Loid Al>< rdeen, been permitted i<  do. It
i-s a copy Mitchell's in fine preservation. The bounda-
ries between the British ami French possessions tn America.
1 as fixed, by the treaty of UtrcchtJ art; mat ked upon it m a
very distinct Imp, at least a tenth of an inch broad, and
these words written in several places.
•'In like manner, the hue gmn/  oar boundary, as we
have always claimed it—that is, oanyinc the nottheast angle
of Nova Scotia tar to the norlh of ^t. John's is drawn very
carefully in a bold red line, full a tenth of an inch broad, and
in four different places afone the line riotinctly written,4 toe
boundary described by Mr. Oswald.* What is very noticeable
is, that h line narrower, but drawn wuh care with an in-
strument, runs from the lower end of Lake Nipissing to the
source of the Mississippi, as far as the map permits, and
has since been partially erased, though distinctly visible."
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
district of columbia judiciary system.
Mr. BUTLER. I have been requested by the
Mayor of this city to move the priming of an extra
number of copies of the report which I had the
honor to submit the other day in reference to the
revision of the judicial system of this District,
and in accordance with that request, 1 move the
printing of 500 extra copies of it. It has already
been printed.
A vote being taken on the motion, it appeared
that there was no quorum voting;.
Mr. BUTLER. If there beany difficulty about
it, I withdraw the motion. I have no personal in-
terest in it.
Mr. CLAY. Oh no, persist in it; you have the
majority with you.
Mr. SHIELDS. I renew the motion, if the
gentleman withdraws it.
The PRESIDENT again put the question, a
quorum being; ascertained to be present.
Mr. DICKINSON. This is not a very great
matter, but our printing: expense is becoming; a
very startling item, and the drafts on our finances
for various purposes are very large. Now, if there
is any more reason why the Senate should do the
printing of the city corporation of Washington than
thftt they should do that of Baltimore and Phila-
delphia, I would say nothing, but I cannot perceive
that there is. We are liberal enough in our ap-
propriations for the District, and if this report is
still in type the corporation can procure, I doubt
not, from the printer all the copies they want, at a
trifling expense, it is not a great item, to be sure,
but it is an item, and an item of expense which
we should not incur.
Mr. BUTLER. I repeat that I have but little
interest, personally, in this matter, and I have
made the motion but at the request of the mayor
of this city. The document contains a great deal
of valuable statistical information on the subject
of the operation of the judiciary system of this
Distiict, collected, at some trouble, from the. mem-
bers of the bar here. It is a subject deeply inter-
esting to the people of the District, and one upon
which they should be fully informed. It is also a
subject upon which we shall have to legislate at
some time or other; and as the expense of print-
ing these extra copies will be but small, I do not
think, under the circumstances, that there should
be any objection to it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope, when this matter
shall be understood by the Senate, there will be no
longer any objection to this motion. The condi-
tion of the judicial system of this district has ex-
cited a good deal of anxiety among the people
here; and there have been various applications re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee by the Senate,
upon which th^y have collected the information,
to enable the committee and the Senate to decide
upon the alterations which are necessary in the
system. A report has been made to the Senate,
and it is simply asked that five hundred copies be
printed for the use of this community, who are
concerned in it. I would say to the Senator from
New York, that there is abundant reason for the
distinction made between this city and Baltimore,
in the fact that this community have no other
source to look to for the protection of their inter-
ests than the Congress of the United States. I
hope it will be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON. The motion is, aa I under-
stand it, to print 500 copies of the report, for the
us* of the Senate. If the report'be printed it
will, as a matter of course be distributed to each
member of the Senate for his use. .Then the
question arises, whether the people of the District
will receive the benefit of the report, when printed.
I would suggest to the Senator to change his mo-
tion, so as to say that 500 copies of the report
shall be printed and delivered to the Mayor of the
city, or distributed among the people of the Dis-
trict. That is the object of the Senator, and it
can be effected by this modification of his motion*
Mr, BUTLER. The whole cost of this print-
ing will only be about $10, and I would sooner
pary the money myself than encounter these con-
stitutional difficulties.
The motion was then agreed to.
geology and mineralogy of michigan.
Mr, WINTHROP. Mr. President, I now offer
the following order, which, under a misappre-
hension, I proposed a few momenta ago, as an
amendment to a motion of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs;]
" Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to furnish Dr. Charles T.Jack>on with one hundicd copjeaf
of Mb report on th«  geology and mineralogy ot tlje mineral
lands of the United States m the State of Michigan. 
I would only remark that-this report has already
been ordered to be printed by the Senate, as pari
of the annual report of the Secretary of tlfe inte-
rior. And as it has been customary to allow the
authors of scientific reports—Professor Bache of
the Coast Survey, the Commissioner of Patents,
and others—a few copies of their own reports for
distribution among scientific men and learned socie-
ties at home and abroad, this gentleman wishes to
be allowed the same privilege. He writes me that
he has applied to the pubiic printers for this docu-
ment, being willing to payfor it himself, but that
the printers were unable to furnish it, as they had
so great an amount of work on hand.. He there-
fore asks the Senate to allow him one hundred
copies of his own report for the purposes which I
have suggested;..and I hope that his request may
be eranted.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
its consideiation.
Mr. HAMLIN. My attention has been drawn
to this subject. If I understand the Senator from-
Massachusetts, this gentleman does not ask ohe
printing of any copies, but merely that he be fur-
nished with one hundred copies of a report which
has already been printed. I have examined this
matter; and I believe, in accordance with what ha®
been usually done and what ought to be done in
this cfise, the Senate should agree to it.
Mr. EWING. I hope the resolution will b&
adopted.
The resolution was agreed to.
professor locke's chronograph.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
communication from the Secretary of the Navy*
with the report of Professor Locke, on the inven-
tion and construction of his Electro Chronograph
for the National Observatoryat Washington,asked
to be discharged from its further consideration.
He remarked that it was a matter whic.h was
referred for investigation^ the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, and a resolution or motion was sub-
mitted by that committee for the consideration of
the Senate; and in submitting it'again to the Com-
mittee on Printing, the Senate virtually ask that
committee to revise, correct, affirm, or disaffirm
the doing of the other committee. The commit-
tee, therefore, ask to be discharged from its con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
charlotte lynch.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the Senate proceeded
