1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1761
to the considetation of the bill for the relief of
Charlotte Lynch.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
This bill provides that, out of any moneys iir the
Treasury nototherwise appropriated, there shall be
allowfed and paid to Charlotte Lynch, only surviv-
ing child of Lieutenant Colonel Ebenezer Gray,
of the 6th regiment of the Connecticut line, who
served in the army of the Revolution from the be-
ginning of the war to its close, as an equivalent for
the loss sustained by him by the substitution of
the commutation certificate, issued in 1783, for the
half pay for life, to which he was entitled under
the resolution of Congress of 1785, five years' full
pay-
The report of the Committee on Pensions in this
case was read. It states that Ebenezer Gray re-
tired from the army, with a constitution broken
down by disease contracted in the service; that
the only compensation which he or any membfer
of his family ever received was his pay in depre-
ciated currency, and the five years' commutation
allowed in 1783, which depreciated to a few cents
on the dollar; and that the officers did not even re-
ceive the benefits of that. The committee were of
opinion that the right to a fair equivalent for the
loss sustained by revolutionary officers, by the
substitution of commutation certificates for the-
half pay for life, is a vested right which descended
to their legal representatives. They therefore re-
port this bill.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, and it was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of William Hardin.
A joint resolution for the relief of Charles F.
Sibbald.
Bill to reduce the minimum price of the mineral
lands in the Lake Superior district, in Michigan,
and in the Chippewa district of Wisconsin.
Bill for the relief of John M. Mcintosh.
Bill for the examination and settlement of claims
for land at the Sault Ste. Marie, in Michigan.
' Bill to renew and continue in force the charter
of the Potomac Insurance Company of George-
town, in the District of Columbia.
Bill to increase the efficiency of the army by a
etired list for disabled officers.
An act for the relief of Lewright Browning.
COMMITTEE ON ENGROSSED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES—
Ordered, That the Committee on Engrossed Bills be in-
creased three members, and that the Cliair appoint the same.
The Chair accordingly appointed Messrs.Pratt,
Sewaed, and Winthrop.
JOHN DE NEUFVILLE AND SON.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution " in re-
lation to the settlement of the accounts of John
De Neufville & Son."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, is it in
order to move to amend this joint resolution by
making it a simple resolution of the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. That is not in order. But
the Senator can move to lay this joint resolution
on the table; and if that motion prevails, he can
introduce it as a simple resolution.
Mr. DODGE. Then I move to lay this joint
resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I now offer this as a simple reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he
is hereby, directed to examine and adjust the accounts of
John de Neufville & Son, merchants of Amsterdam, with
the United States, and report the result of such examination
and adjustment to the Senate as soon as practicable.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was con-
sidered and agreed to.
BOUNTY LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill entitled an act granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States.
The bill was debated for nearly two hours, and
various amendments were offered, (a report of
which will appear in the Appendix.) The further
consideration of the bill was postponed to Monday
next.
RECESS.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was ordered
that when the Senate adjourn it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
MAJOR FREDERICK D. MILLS.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of a bill for the re-
lief of Major Frederick D. Mills. The bill having
been read a second time, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and, there being no
proposition to amend, was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
MILITARY RECONNOISSANCES.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
bodjfa communication from the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, transmitting a report of the Topographical
Bureau, accompanied lay a map, showing the op-
erations of the army of the United States in Texas
and the adjacent Mexican States on the Rio Grande,
extended so as to embrace the territories of the
United States lying between the Mississippi river
and the Pacific ocean; which was read,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This is a map
which the Senate ordered to have prepared nearly
two years ago, and is the first very valuable con-
tribution which our country will have made to
physical geography. It will be the geography of
a country heretofore very imperfectly explored,
and always very inaccurately presented. It has
been looked for with great anxiety by the savans
from the Old World; and the very fact that every
publication which has heretofore been made was
but a reprint of Humboldt's old topography, has
constituted my resistance heretofore to the printing
of every map which has ever been submitted to
the Senate. Now I believe we have something
which will be valuable at home and greatly sought
after abroad. I therefore make the motion that the
Secretary of the Senate be directed to cause the
map to be reduced under the direction of the Top-
ographical Bureau, and printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and it was ordered
that the Secretary of the Senate cause the map ac-
companying the report to be reduced under the di-
rection of theTopographial Bureau, and that3,500
copies thereof, in addition to the usual number.be
engraved and printed for the use of the Senate,
500 copies of which for the use of the Topograph-
ical Bureau.
CASE OP SARAH JANE WEST.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to ask a favor for
a woman who lives in my neighborhood, of the
name of Sarah Jane West. She is the widow of
a musician in one of the regiments of the Mexican
army. It was said that her husband deserted, and
so reported that she could not get extra pay for
lands, and the poor woman applied to have the
whole matter reinvestigated. The House have
passed her bill. I do not think her husband de-
serted, and I think we ought to give her the land
and the extra pay. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will take up the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Kentucky a question, and my vote on his
proposition wilt depend upon his answer. I wish
to know whether this soldier was said to have de-
serted the army or deserted his wife ? [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He left his wife, to serve
his country. It is said that he deserted the army
in Mexico, but that is a mistake.
Mr. BADGER. Ah ! I am satisfied.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He left the army, to be
sure, for he was killed. I believe he was assas-
sinated in the city of Mexico.
The bill was taken up and considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. There be-
ing no proposition to amend, the bill was reported
to the Senate and read a third time and passed.
The bill provides that Sarah Jane West, the
widow of Gardner West, who was a musician in
Captain Patrick H. Gardner's company of volun-
teers, (company K of Colonel Williams's regiment
of Kentucky volunteers,) be paid three months'
extra pay, and two and a half months' pay, to
which her deceased husband was entitled at the
time of his death; and the Commissioner of Pen-
sions is directed to issue to her a certificate for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, and to place her
name upon the pension roll, and allow the five
years' pension payable to the widows' of deceased
soldiers who served in the war with Mexico, by
virtue of the act of July twenty-one, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, commencing at that time.
CASE OP ELIZABETH L. BLACKBURN.
Mr. DOWNS. I move to take up bill No. 907,
which is a bill reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee for the relief of Elizabeth L. Blackburn, thei
widow of a soldier who was killed at "Vera Cruz.
The bill was considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. DOWNS. I will only remark that this is
a very extraordinary case. The husband of this
woman was a paymaster, who was killed at Vera
Cruz, with a large sum of money in Jhis hands.
On examining his trunk and papers there was
found to be a small deficiency, for which the Gov-
ernment obtained judgment against his widow.
The committee were unanimously of opinion that
she ought to be released from it, and the bill is for
that pui pose.
There being no proposition to amend the bill, it
was reported to the Senate and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill provides that Elizabeth L. Blackburn
(late Bosworth) be, and she is hereby, released
and discharged from thejudgment rendered against
her as one of the securities of her late husband,
Felix G. Bosworth, a paymaster in the United
States Army, first rendered for two thousand three
hundred and sixty-two dollarsand forty-nine cents,
but afterwards reduced by the accounting officers
of the Treasury to one thousand six hundred and
seventy-two dollars and forty-nine cents.
ISAAC WATTS GRIFFITHS.
The Senate then considered, as in Committee of
the Whole, a bill for the relief of Isaac Watts
Griffiths.
The bill, vjfiich was under consideration yester-
day, proposes to increase his pension.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the bill by substi-
tuting "$16 per month" in lieu of $20, as the rate
of pension to be allowed to the individual for
whose benefit the bill is intended.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
CAPTURE OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill 324, reported from the Naval Commit-
tee. It is a bill for the relief of the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia. This bill has passed the
Senate once or twice before, and will probably not
create much discussion, if any. The persons in-
terested in it are very desirous it should be acted
on. I hope, therefore, the Senate will take it up.
The bill having been taken up, was read a sec-
ond time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that the sum of one hundred thou-
sand dollars be and the same is hereby authorized
to be paid, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Navy, out of any money in the Treasury not"
otherwise appropriated, to the officers and crew of
the ketch Intrepid, commanded by Stephen De-
catur, who were engaged in the capture and de-
struction of the frigate Philadelphia, in the harbor
of Tripoli, on the sixteenth February, eighteen
hundred and four, to be distributed pro rata
among the said officers and crew, according to the
rates fixed by the sixth section of the act of April
twenty-third, eighteen hundred, for the better gov-
ernment of the navy of the United States.
The second section provides that if any officer,
seaman, or marine who was engaged in the cap-
ture aforesaid, shall have died prior to the passage
of this act, the sum to which he would have been
entitled under this act shall be divided equally
among his children and his widow, if she be liv-
ing and unmarried; and if there be no widow,
then to his children; but if there be no children,
then to his widow, if she be living and unmarried,
as his sole heir; and in no case shall any collateral
kindred or creditor of any deceased officer, sea-
man, or marine, be entitled to receive any of the
benefits of this act.
The third section provides that in default of
such heirs as are specified in the preceding section,
the share or proportion to which aay deceased
officer, seaman, or marine might have been enti-
tled under this act, shall remain in the Treasury
of the United States, and be carried to the surplus
fund.
And the fourth section provides that any portion
