1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^M
Sept. ft
of this appropriation which may remain unclaimed
in the Treasury at the expiration of the term of
three years from the date of this act, shall be car-
ried to the surplus fund.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am taken by surprise by
the taking up of this bill. It will be recollected
that on a former occasion, after a pretty full dis-
cussion before the Senate, the names of other per-
sons than those who are included in this bill were
inserted in it. I apprised the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs of that fact, but not
having the least idea that it would be acted upon
at so early a period, 1 am not prepared to present
these claims. It is therefore that I ask that this
bill may be postponed to some future day. I am
not disposd to delay the investigation, but I would
prefer to have an opportunity of communicating
with the parties by a letter which may be an-
swered in the course of next week.
In order, therefore, to afford me an apportunity
of bringing to the consideration of the Senate
claims which have been heretofore recognized by
the vote of the Senate, I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until Thursday
next.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator from Georgia, the
other day, communicated to me his desire upon
this subject, in order that some provision might
be made for the parties to whom he alludes. I
stated at that time the grounds upon which the
committee had acted, and I had lioped that the
facts which I then brought to his attention would
have satisfied him that it was not for the Senate to
interfere in the controversy which had previously
embarrassed this bill and caused its defeat.
The justice of the bill has been recognized year
after year by both branches of Congress. A large
class of persons, most of them needjjand merito-
rious, are provided for by the bill; but because_a
controversy has arisen between one of the persons
provided for and the parties to whom the Senator
from Georgia alludes, all the other meritorious
claimants who are concerned in it have lost the
advantages which Congress fi s decided, year
after year, for the last ten or fifteen years, in one
House or the other, that ihey arc entitled to. It
is now, sir, very near the end of the session, and
I should be very unwilling that any course should
be pursued which would render final action upon
the bill at this session doubtful. We have been
very much urged by other persons interested jn
this bill to ask the Senate to pass it as soon as pos-
sible. I trust the Senator, therefore, when he hears
the statement I am about to make, will withdraw
his motion. Heretofore, and at the last session,
the Senate concluded to include the ladies, to
whom, I presume, reference is made by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, as co-heirs with Mrs. Decatur
in the share which would have fallen to Commo-
dore Decatur under this bill. H was done upon
the presumption raised by papers and certificates
presented here, that it was the intention of Com-
modore Decatur to adopt them as heirs, and to
leave them a share of his property, and of what
this bill proposes to provide. But we find now,
on the reference of the case to the committee at
this session, that Commodore Decatur shortly be-
fore his death made a will, in which he determined
for himself the disposition of his assets. Now, I
think, and I hope, the Senate will concur with the
committee that we ought not to go behind the ex-
pressed will of Commodore Decatur, and make
for him heirs wjiom he did not contemplate as
sharers in the assets which he left for the support
of his family. He by his will gave to his widow
the benefit of whatever assets belonged to him.
We have learned, too, froirunformation which has
come to the committee, that without any fault on
the part of that widow, but either through the
fault or the misfortune of the gentleman who
represented the estate of Commodore Decatur,
she has not received the benefit of a single dollar
of the estate he left, but is dependent upon what
she receives from this provision, which she is
really and truly entitled to, for the support of the
remainder of her days.
Under these circumstances the committee came
to the conclusion that it belonged to Commodore
Decatur to provide for himself the direction of his
estate, and he having made a will in which he left
to his widow his estate, and whatever he might be
entitled to, that Congress ought to feel itself pre-
cluded from interfering with that disposition of
his property.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Secretary inform
me at what time this bill was reported ?
The PRESIDENT. On the 23'4 of August.
Mr. BERRIEN. It will then be, seen that there
has been no extraordinary diligence on the part of
the committee in bringing this matter to the con-
sideration of the Senate, but that it is to be com-
pensated for by the rapidity with which it is to be
decided on after it has been reported. Now I have
to say upon this subject, that I apprehend the in-
vestigations of that committee have been made ex
parte, as regards the parties whom I represent here.
I was not aware myself that the committee were
about to actupon this bill. Itwas only by a letter
which 1 received from one of the parties interested,
who is absent from the city, that my attention was
called to it, and I communicated all the facts to
the chairman as soon as I received the informa-
tion. It is very true, as we were perfectly aware
before, that Commodore Decatur had made a will,
but there is also other evidence for the purpose of
showing the ground upon which these parties
claim to be interested and to share the bounty of
the Government under this bill. That evidence I
desire that they shall have an opportunity of pre-
senting. ^
Mr. YULEE. Then name an earlier day.
Mr. BERRIEN. That is impossible. The
Senator asks me to name an earlier day. These
parties reside at New York. Thursday is the
earliest day; but I should have preferred Monday
week. I hope I may not have to encounter the
opposition of the chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee upon a proposition so reasonable as that parties
whose claim has been heretofore recognized by
Congress shall be now heard in opposition to the
adverse report of the committee.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly not. If the Senator
still desires a postponement I will not further re-
sist it.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Thursday next.
THE CASE OF CHARMS A. KELLETT.
Mr. W1NTHROP. There is a bill for the pay-
ment of a small claim of some twdor three hundred
dollars, which passed the House of Representa-
tives at the last session, and only failed here for
want of time. It is a bill for the relief of Charles
A. Kellett. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund to Charles A. Kellett or his legal repre-
sentatives, such sum as may have been paid to the
collector of the port of New York for tonnage du-
ties and light money on the entry of the Chinese
junk 44 Keying;" provided, the same «hall not
exceed five hundred dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. Has not this bill been taken
up out of its regular order?
The PRESIDENT. Itwas taken *up on mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WINTHROP. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will allow me to explain this case in a
single word. It is the case of a poor young man
who went to China and brought back a Chinese
bark as an object of curiosity simply, for no pur-
pose of commerce, and having no cargo on board,
but merely for the purpose of exhibition in the
city of New York. At that port he was met with
tonnage duties which cost him more than all the
receipts of the exhibition. He was a poor man
before, and this has taken away from him that he
hath not, even all that he hath. The bill was
passed by the House of Representatives at the
last session, but was lost in the Senate for want of
time. I hope it will be passed now. -
Mr. HUNTER withdrew his motion to ad-
journ, and there being no proposition to amend
the bill, it was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, September 7,1850.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE TEXAN BOUNDARY BILL. ,
Mr. ASHE rose and said, he desired to throw
himself upon the indulgence of the House, and
ask, as a special favor, the privilege of recording
his vote in the negative on the final passage of the
Texan boundary bill. He was necessarily a
sent from the House at the moment his name was
called, but was in his seat before his fnend Mr.
Averett, who stood next to him on the list m
alphabetical order, had voted. And as his opposi-
tion to the biTf was well known snd his vote couls
not change the result in one way or another, her
hoped the House would yield its assent.
The SPEAKER put the question. ,
Mr. RUMSEY rose and objected.
Several other members also objected.
The SPEAKER said that objection having beeit
made, the motion could not be entertained.
Mr. ASHE (to the Speaker.) Who objects,
sir ? I hear no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from K^eW
York, [Mr. Rumsey,] and other gentlemen object.
So the vote of Mr. Ashe was not received.
Mr. BOOTH asked the unanimous consent
the House to present at this time certain resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Connecticut,
Mr. BURT. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
So the resolutions were not received.
THE LATE SECRETARY OT THE INTERIOR,
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be the report made by
.'the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richarbson,}
from the select committee appointed to inquire
whether Mr. Ewing, late Secretary of the Interior*
had not reopened and paid certain accounts, and
whether he had not improperly-paid interest o 
others, &c., &c.
Mr. RICHARDSON was entitled to the floor P
in continuation of his remarks of yesterday.
Mr. MASON desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether it would be in order to move
that the House proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said, the motion could be en-
tertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON then resumed and c©in-
cluded his remarks. [A report of the speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. RICHARDSON having concluded—
Mr. VINTON obtained the floor, and called for
the reading of the resolutions under which the com-
mittee was raised.
The resolutions were read.
He then called for the reading of the resolutions
reported by the committee*, which were read, as
follow:
Resolved, That the payment by tfie Secretary of the Inte-
rior of tfirrty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-two
dollars and fifty cents, to the administrator of Commodore
James Barron, as commutation pay for the naval services
of said Barron during the revolutionary war, was made m
violation of iaw.
Rtsolred, Thill officers of the Virginia navy during the
war of the Revolution, are not entitled to commutation pay.
Resolced, Tliat the payment of compound interest in the
case of Commodore James Barron, was made in violation of
law.
Resolved, That the sum of $56,021 49 paid to Messis.
Corcoran and Rigirs, as assignees 01 WiMiam M. Gwin, was
justly due ihe Chiikasaw induing, and was impropeily paid
to Corcoran and Itiggs.
He moved the following amendment as a substi-
tute:
Resolved, That inasmuch aS the first, second, and third of
the resolutions adopted by the House on the 22il day of Apiil
last on motion of Mr Richardson, of Illinois, do not charge
the Secretary of the Interior as the foundation of the inqui-
ries therein directed to he made, with any crime or misde-
meanor, and do not propose any change ol the existing laws,
the same are rescinded ; and that tVie report of the select
committee presented on Wednesday last, be recommited to
said committee, with instructions to report on the tom th and
fifth resolutions only.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment— ...
Mr.-VINTON, after a further incidental remark,
explanatory of the circumstances in which the re-
port of the majority had been seen by gentlemen
before it was made tt> the House, pioceeded to
vindicate the course of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, by reference to the facts attending the allow-
ance of the claims, denying that they had been
paid in favoritism to Whigs, and stating that the
payment had been, on the contrary, principally, if
not exclusively, to Democrats. He also discussed
the question of power, arguing that the majority
of the committee had transcended their legitimate
jurisdiction.
His remarks (which will be published m the
Appendix) were interrupted at ten minutes past
twelve, by
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, who interposed, and
