674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
possibility say where they were bom, nor give
such information as will lead to any beneficial
result. I move therefore to strike it out, as I pre-
sume that no Senator has any idea that it is prac-
ticable to procure the information, Or that, if pro-
cured, it would be of any earthly use.
The question being put on the motion to strike
out the words "places of birth," it was agreed
to.
Mr. KING. I have another proposition to
make, and Senators, I think, will all perceive the
propriety of it. In schedule two are the following
words: " If a female, the number of children she
has had, known to be alive, known to be dead."
Now, sirj it is impossible to ascertain the number
of children upon a plantation that any woman has
had. The woman herself, in nine out of ten cases,
when she has had ten or fifteen children, does not
know how many she has actually had. [A laugh.]
No, sir, she cannot tell. The owner certainly
does not know, the manager of the estate does
not know, because the managers are frequently
changed. One or two children may be born while
an individual is manager of an estate, and others
may be born after his place is supplied by another.
There is no mode by which you can ascertain
except through the medium of the woman, and
she cannot tell. Where is the advantage, then, of
filling up considerable space with this item, and
swelling the document without getting any infor-
mation at last?
Mr.' DAYI8, of Massachusetts. I hope that
column will be allowed'to remain, although I do
not know that it is very material. I do not know
that the column that has been stricken out is very
material.
- Mr. KING. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. It is very desirable, sir, inasmuch
as population is the basis for representation to rest
upon, that the enumeration should include this
particular kind of information. I do not suppose
that it is possible to get an enumeration that will
Every one knows how the resources of the coun-
try operate on legislation. We know its import-
ance in alnaost every point of view connected with
the operations of society. Hence it is, the action
of the committee on this subject was not confined
simply to an enumeration of the inhabitant^, but
to the effect of various localities on health and
longevity; to the effect of climate, the condition
of the colored race, and all matters of importance
in reference to the contemplated object. You will
find in these tables that we require, not only the
age and sex, but the color/of the person; and we
find in another column the degree of removal from
pure blood is required to be stated; and this in-
quiry, in reference to the number of children which
each woman may have had, I can inform my hon-
orable friend, was inserted, as far as I know, at
the instance of a southern gentleman, with a view
to ascertain certain facts which he told me, but
which I do not think necessary to go into here.
Now, the question is, are you willing to take all
this information, with a view to ascertain the laws
of longevity between the two races—the degrees
of blood, and other physical laws of the races?
And the tables have been constructed, as gentlemen
will perceive, in reference to age, in reference to de-
grees of the blood, m reference to the number of
children, and other tables developing the subject of
comparative longevity. Now, if the information
can be obtained, every Senator will see at once the
deductions which may be made from it. If you
do not intend to get the information in its ramifi-
cations, as 1 had suggested, you may as well strike
out the whole table, and send your deputy marshal
into a plantation merely to ascertain the number of
slaves, so far as the basis of representation is con-
cerned, and you will then get clear, as has been
suggested by the Senator from North Carolina, of
all this increase at the start; and 1 suppose that the
Senator from Alabama voted with him.
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, I am vastly sur
be free from error; still there must be an enumera- i1 prised at the course he is taking now. If he suc-
tion as nearly accurate as ran be made. Why
should we not adopt measures to make it as accu-
rate and as certain as we can ? Whether these
little circumstances should be adverted to, to show
the state and condition of the population, and to
show the number on every farm, is for Senators
to decide. I would much prefer, inasmuch as
considerable printing has been done, that the tables
should be allowed to remain as they are.
Mr. KING. I want the census to be taken with
as much care as possible. I want all the people of
the United States, white and black, to be. enumer-
ated. I want to throw no obstacle ill the way, but
I want to save unnecessary expense; and the gen-
tleman admits that this will be unnecessary unless
the returns can be accurate. You have to get the
number of slaves—every man, woman, and child.
You have to state the sex and the age. Does not
this render it as certain and complete as it can be
rendered, without going and asking how many
children each woman lias had, how many are
living,and how many are dead ? And I say again,
in respect to this, it cannot be ascertained with cer-
tainty, and it will be an additional expense. It
will swell the volume without being productive of
any earthly good. If it would render the census
wore perfect I would not object to it, but it will
not have that effect.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. These tables, in refer-
ence to the slave population, which were adopted
by the committee, were adopted in compliance with
the wishes of southern gentlemen. I will state the
object which operated upon the committee in pre-
senting the various columns in these tables, as a
whole, and then the Senate will perceive that every
mutilation which may be made will, in all proba-
bility, operate against the object which induced
their adoption in the manner in which they have
been presented. The " names" being stricken out,
there is one less in the connection. Now, in the
information which we are in pursuit of, the mere
enumeration of the population upon which the
representation of the country is based was not
the only object sought to be attained by the
committee. There are a number of philosophical
inquiries which they were in pursuit of, ns well
as the mere basis of representation. They wished
to ascertain the condition and resources of the
country, as an element upon which representation
is to act. This was an object with the committee,
as wall aa to ascertain the basis of representation.
ceeds in all the amendments that he is proposing,
1 it will come down to the basis of his argument.
1 The committee would not so limit their action on
j the subject, and, in view of these different col-
i umns, a response may be-made to the census
takers, which will embody the information that I
have now suggested to you, to enable gentlemen
to support or overturn their theories on the sub-
ject. 1 therefore think that you ought to retain
the name, age, number of children, and every-
thing, if you wish to get at anything that will be
practically useful hereafter, in reterence to this
class of population. There is one practical use to
which this information may be applied, as every-
body knows, and it is insurances on lives. The
whole table, in regard to longevity,and everything
connected with the number and age of children,
will furnish information on which valuable tables
may be constiucted, if you will continue them for
a series of years. But, to make any estimates or
calculations, they must be continued through a
l, series of years, through various decennial peuods.
j You must have a series of facts ascertained in that
j way, if you would produce anything valuable from
them. This is the commencement. If it is not
j proper to begin at all, strike out the whole table,
and bring it to what my honorable friend fiom
Alabama wants it to be.
I Mr. BORLAND. I think that all the remarks
I of the Senator from Kentucky go to show the pro- i
I priety of the proposition that was suggested some
j time ago, to strike out everything but the mere
: enumeration of the inhabitants. He has opened,
| sir, a thenr.e of inquiry which is unlimited—one
which will take all the science of this country to
; explore; and, unless explored by the science of the
; country—by the scientific men of the country—it
! would make no valuable return. Why, we see
I now that no dependence is placed upon the statis-
I tics gathered in J840. I am not aware that there
i is an individual m the United States who can
j confidently rely upon the statistical information
' t^en obtained. So far as I am informed on
, the subject, it is erroneous throughout, and has
i led to sorric almost ridiculous conclusions. In-
stead of limiting it, we have it now greatly ex-
tended, not only the ordinary statistics to be ascer-
tained by the deputy marshal, but we have the
whole field of natural science yet to explore.
They are required to go into the most delicate
questions or physiology'—to go into an inquiry as
to individual pursuits, climate, food, everything
that has an effect on longevity. Not only that,
sir, but there is one column connected intimately
with this which requires the census taker to ascer-
tain the degrees of removal between the white and
the black races. Now, 1 respectfully sdggest that
it will require a high degree of science, an acute
discrimination, to determine anything of the sort.
I am not aware that physiologists agree on these
points; and to suppose that any young man whose
services could be obtained for the paltry compen-
sation of the deputy marshal, would be qualified to
determine, for the miserable compensation of two
cents per individual, these delicate and important
questions of physiology—the very delicate in-
quiry as to the influence of pursuits and climate
on health and longevity—why, sir, it seems to be
the most extraordinary proposition that 1 ever
heard in my life. I say it with all respect for the
judgment of the honorable Senator, it does pre-
sent that aspect to my mind. It may be very
true, and it is true, and no one appreciates more
than I do that the information is important and
valuable which the Senator proposes U> obfein.
But suppose it to be so valuable, and suppose it
be attainable in the way he proposes, I submit that
it is beyond the powers of the General Govern-
ment to do anything of the sort. Are we to erect
ourselves into a great college of natural science?
Are the funds of this Government to be appro-
priated to the investigation of great natural truths?
I think we have gone far enough in this celebrated
Patent Office of ours in regard io this matter. But
it is proposed we shall go still further, and estab-
lish physiological schools and bureaus—I believe
such is the suggestion. Now, sir, the circle of the
sciences seems about to be completed by our ac-
tion; and we are to bring in all systems of physi-
ology and of natural history—the effect of trades,
food, climate, situation in life, and their effect on
the health and longevity of the human race—not
only the human race in general, but distinction
between the operation of particular causes upon
the different classes of men—different races of the
great family of men. It is undertaking to do that
which we cannot do, and it is undertaking to do
it by authority which we have not got, in my
opinion.
As 1 understand the duty of the Congress of
the United States in regard to taking the census,
it is limited by the terms of the Constitution to
the enumeration of the inhabitants; not one word
is said about statistics; not one word is said about
all these matters. No, sir; I respectfully suggest
to the Senator from Kentucky that if he desires to
get a bill passed before the expiration of the ten
years that have elapsed since the taking'of the last
census, that he is doing the very thing that will
defeat that object. If he wishes to get   bill passed
in a practical form, so that its requisitions be ful-
filled, in my opinion the only practicable thing he
can do is to strike out everything.. If he persists
in doing more than that, the bill will not be passed
in time to go to the various parts of the country
at the period required by the Constitution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is not the first time
that the Government has appointed men to procure
scientific information, even if that were the object
of this bill. Why, some years ago they sent an
exploring expedition around the world, hunting for
muscle shells and things of thatsort. Looktothe
west, and you will see an expensive building has
been erected and dedicated to the purposes o? sci-
ence, adorned in the interior with instruments of
very considerable size and of great value. Here
is your practice, sir. Here is your conduct in time
past; but now the gentleman gets up and seems to
be very much alarmed because we direct these
census takers to obtain a few facts, not on which
| to build speculative theories, but upon which gen-
tlemen who aie disposed to enter upon physiologi-
cal inquiries may make their own speculations.
Now, we are to be alarmed at the idea of sending
out a set of beanlkss boys in pmsuit of scientific
information. Why, it is a total misconception, as
I conceive, of the whole object of the bill. It is
not proper to strike out, as proposed by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, everything but the enu-
meration-of the inhabitants. I supposed the main
points had all been settled by .the vote which had
already been taken, and I am not responsible,^?!
the gentleman from Arkansas intimates, for any
action of this body in passing the bill. It is not
my conduct which is to defeat the passage of the
