1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
bill for weeks and months to come. I have but
endeavored, in my humble way, to show to the
Senate the reasons upon which the committee acted
in preparing the tables. Sir, the census takers can
easily inquire as to the number and &se of children.
These are matters of fact of every-day inquiry, and
can be ascertained without any additional cost. If
it be important for them to inquire if there are any
deaf or blind persons; if that information be of any
service, they can as well make inquiry into other
matters of fact. It is not a matter of scientific in-
vestigation at all,^but a mere inquiry as to facts—
whether an individual is a quadroon, a mulatto, or
any other proportion of blood, it is not supposed
that these individuals are to go very minutely or
elaborately into an investigation of the precise de-
gree. My honorable friend need not expect any-
thin? of that sort. The census taker can make
inquiry; he can get an answer; not that he is to go
into a minute inquiry; no one expects any such
thing. The tables present plain matters of fact,
arid I do think we need not be alarmed at the idea
that we are becoming too scientific, or that we are
about to employ a scientific corps. There is no
danger of anything of that kind.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 did not intend to reflect at
all upon the honorable Senator. He says that he
intended to explain the reasons which operated
upon the committee in reporting such a bill. It
was certainly my purpose to animadvert upon
these reasons, or rather upon their result.
The honorable Senator has referred to the past
history of the country—to the practice of the Gov-
ernment on thu subject, and to the expenditures
of money that have been heretofore authorized for
such purposes. So far from that being: m my
mind an argument in favor of doing* this thing
now—of extending the limits of our operations—it
is a strong reason why we should put a stop to
them. If we have done wrong in the past, 1 think
it is high time that we should stop. We have
done enough, and too much already, in my opin-
ion. i think there are a great many operations
undertaken and paid for by the Government that
can well be dispensed with; and there is no better
tim« for beginning the work of reform than the
present. Now is the time. Now is the time, not
blindly to putsuc error in the spirit of increased
error, but to panse. The honorable Senator has
referred to the building over the way, I apprehend
that the Government had very little to do wuh
that. I suppose, of course, that he means the
Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I mean the
Observatory.
Mr. BORLAND. That, sir, I understand is
connected with our naval establishment; and as
long as the naval establishment exists, that will
be necessary for aiding our naval affairs in the ef-
ficient discharge of their duty-—in preparing for
them useful information. 1 do not consider that
as coming within this category. Abolish that,
and you may as well abolish the navy itself. It
is indisputably a part of the naval establishment.
Air. SEWARD. I hope the motion to strike
out will not prevail. It appears to me that the in-
formation sought to be obtained by this clause is
essential, and that it will be found to be so. It is
interesting to us all, as a question of ^political
science, to know the actual condition of every
class of population in this country; and certainly
it concerns the public, as well as the Government,
to know the actual relative condition of the differ-
ent classes of population. As I understand the
proposition of the committee, they desire to pro-
cure information in regaid to the comparative
longevity of the white and black laces in their
various conditions. If this information be ob-
tained, it will be useful wuh reference to that pur-
pose. They desire to ascertain the number of
children that each woman has borne, the number
that are living, and the number that are dead, with
reference to the question of comparative longevity.
It is very desirable that we ascertain whatever
affects.the social and physical condition of the
masses of society.
But there is another point. There is no woman,
with great deference to the Senator from Alabama,
who can have forgotten the number of children that
she had borne. If it be true, as it is said, that
there are women who do not know whether their
children be living or dead, and even how many
they have borne, I should like to ascertain the
number of such that there are of all races. And I
desire this information because we have all cher-
ished a hope that the condition of African servi-
tude in this country was a stage of transition from
a state of barbarism to a state of improvement
hereafter. I wish to know how rapid that prog-
ress is. I believe it cannot be possible that there
are any women, even in Africa, who have forgot-
ten the number of children they have borne. If
there be any i  America who have forgotten that
fact, so important and interesting to themselves, I
wish to know it, for the purpose of ascertaining
the operation of our social system, and the suc-
cess of that system as leading to the improvement
of the African race. I wish to know also what is
the extent of the education or of instruction that
prevails, so as to acertain whether they are advan-
cing toward that better condition which constitutes
the only excuse, as I understand, that we have for
holding: them m servitude.
Mr. KING. I am not at all surprised to hear
the Senator from New York attempt to throw an
imputation upon the South to answer his own
purposes. Sir, what I stated was, that in many
instances you could not even get from the mother
any corrcct knowledge of the number of children
she had. Go into the white settlements in many
portions of the country, and you will find women in
the same situation. It is the, duty of the owner of
the slayes to give the information which is required
by the law as it now stands, and I only mention
the fact, that the information as to the number of
children could not be obtained in every instance,
even by going to the mother of the children her-
self. Does the honorable Senator mean to say,
that all the women of his own State are so highly
intellectual, so bright in their perceptions, so acute
in their understanding, that they could give simi-
lar information if it were required of them?
Sir, 1 have listened to the Senator's remarks. 1
will not characterize them; respect for myself and
this body will prevent me. He comes forward
here on all occasions, when the slightest opportu-
nity is afforded him, to endeavor to produce a feel-
ing of prejudice against that section of country in
which I live, m order to minister to that miserable
fanatical spit it 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The honorable
Senator is out of order.
Mr. KING. Well, sir, let the Senator keep
himself within the bounds usually prescribed to
members of this body, and not attempt, by a
sneering manner and insidious language, to pro-
duce an effect which he dare not do directly. Sir,
as regards the amendment which I proposed, my
object was simply neither more nor less than to
save a useless expenditure; because I knew the
difficulty with which the obtaining of such in-
formation must be attended, and I know the inu-
tility of it when obtained. It could not be ob-
tained, except through the medium of the owner,
and I stated that it could not be obtained, in some
instances, even from the mother. Was there any-
thing in that remark to justify the Senator from
New York in using the language he did? He
wants to know whether any Africans are so ig-
norant as not to be able to give correct informa-
tion in regard to the number of their children. I,
sir, would like to be informed, whether all within
the State of New York are so intelligent, so well-
informeJ, and have lived in such a way as to jus-
tify the belief that, upon application to them to
know the number of their children, the informa-
tion could be obtained ? Go into New York city,
or into any portion of the State, and you will find
persons of that description; and in truth the Sen-
ator has no justification for the insinuations which
he has thrown out.
Mr. SEWARD. I have not attacked the hon-
orable Senator, and have therefore no explanation
to make. 1 have only to say, in reply to the ques-
tion which the honorable Senator asks me in re-
gard to the women of New York, that they are
able to read the question of the Senator, and they
will read it, and he will not find one, white or black,
in the State of New York, that has forgotten the
number of her children. That is my judgment.
For the rest, 1 repeat that I think the information
is important for social, political, and benevolent
purposes, and I am sincere in desiring that it may
be obtained.
Mr. RUSK. It is to be regretted, sir, that we
cannot do anything here without having this inter-
minable question brought up. It must, it peems,
be brought forward when we have only the census
bill up for discussion. Whenever the most irrel-
evant subject—no matter what it may be—is before
the Senate, remarks of a taunting nature towards
one section of the Union are sure to be made, cal-
culated to produce irritation, and provoke reply
which must have theeffect to throw us wider apart.
Sir, the information sought to be obtained is of no
earthly use. When it is obtained, it amounts to
nothing. It may be used for the purposes of agi-
tation; it may be used in stump oratory, to
awaken prejudices in one section of the country
against the other, but it is of no practical value.
Indeed, you can obtain no correct information on
the subject. Sir, when our most distinguished
men from every section of the Union are endeav-
oring to quiet the troubled waters, and bring about
a state of kind feeling in our political relations, every
occasion seems to be improved to thrust matters be-
fore us calculated to increase agitation and arrest
everything like an adjustment of the difficulties
whichjexist. It is of apiece with the proceeding
which took place yesterday, when a petition numer-
ously signed was presented to this body, asking
Congress to enroll the slaves in the militia of the
country. Now, is not this irritating? What is it
supposed will be the consequence of enrolling them
into the militia, and putting arms into their hands,
and that too when prayer is put up by men in
authority here that civil war, servile war shall
come, rather that that slavery ^hall be extended
into any other territory; or, in other words, that
the present controversy shall be satisfactorily set-
tled ? Now, I appeal to gentlemen, is it not worse
than useless to be agitating questions of this de-
scription upon a bill of this sort ? So far as I am
concerned, I see no kind of necessity for it. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky says, that the
procuring of this information is justified, because
we have sent out an exploring expedition to cal-
lect scientific information. Sir, are you going
to make a scientific explorer out of every man
you send out to take the census? They must have
their tables to calculate the square root, all the au-
thorities and means necessary to make physiologi-
cal and scientific investigations. They cannot
carry them without a wagon, and in some places
they cannot get wagons along. And when you
obtain the information, its only effect will be to
increase the expense of publication, and swell
your volumes of the census to an enormous and
useless size. In this age of progress we are going
ahead, it seems to me, of public opinion. I shall
vote against it, because there is no use in it. It is
an expense entirely unnecessary. If it have any
effect on the face of the earth, it must be an inju-
rious one; therefore, I do hope and trust that this
matter at least will not be insisted upon. We
have a question involving the institution of sla-
very before us legitimately. Gentlemen who are
anxious to commend themselves to their constitu-
encies, to God, and to the civilized world, can
discuss that question when legitimately liefoie us,
without dragging it in upon every occasion when
it is inappropriate. There is a proper time and
place for the discussion of these matters, when gen-
tlemen can meet the heavy responsibility which
rests upon them.
Mr. BUTLER. I do think that the remarks of
the Senator from New York, though delivered in
a sort of under-tone, calls for special notice. Now,
sir, he proposes to acquire this information with a
view to use it in Congress, of couise in reference
to the condition of this spscies of population.
Does the gentleman assume that he has a right to
legislate upon the social condition of slavery in
the southern States ? Does he wish for the infor-
mation as a mere matter of curiosity, or for a pur-
pose ? I have to say to the gentleman, that, with
regard to longevity, comfort, and the supply of all
the physical wants, the slave population ate per-
haps as well off as any laboring people on earth;
and, so far as regards this inquisition into these
matters, it would perhaps redound to the honor
, of the slaveholder. But I will put one question
I to the gentleman, and, if he will answer it, I think
i he will refute himself. Would he be willing to
I insert in the census bill a proposition that, in Ne\y
I York, one of these inquisitorial census takers
should be authorized to go into the houses and ask
every woman how many children she had had,
and ask other questions which may very well be
conjectuied, but which my regard for decency, and
other considerations, induce me to forbear men-
tioning ? Would he, when he chooses to institute
