676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
this inquisition, so far as regards the black popu-
lation, go to a mother and ask questions which
would be regarded as indelicate if put to any white
woman ? I ask, is he willing to have the census
taker go round in his own State, and ask every
woman how many children she has hail? And,
sir, a gentleman who regards all colors alike ought
not to make the distinction. Why, he is perfect-
ly indifFerent to color. He has as high apprecia-
tion of a black woman as he has of a white ; he
cannot object, then, to put upon the -same level
white and black, so far as this inquiry is con-
cerned.
Mr. SEWARD. As the Senator puts a ques-
tion to me, I will answer it. I have not the least
objection in the world to have every woman in
America asked how many children she has borne.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is not my scheme.
I am not responsible for it. I have already said
that it was the plan of a southern gentleman, by
whom it was suggested to me, and I rise now to
state the object which he had in view. The gen-
tleman m conversation with me said that he be-
lieved that a certain class of colored people had
fewer children than a certain other class; and he
believed that the average duration of the lives of
the children of the darker class was longer than
that of the children of the lighter colored class, or
the mixed. And it was for the purpose of ascer-
taining the physiological fact, that he wanted the
inquiry made. This was the motive for its inser-
tion, and it was never dreamed, so far as I know,
that out of this census bill we were to get up a
discussion on this slavery question. I never
dreamed of such a thing. But I have now told
you the motive which led to the adoption of this
table; it was to illustrate the truth or falsity of the
theory on this subject; and really if it could be
reached in that way, I acknowledge for one that I
have a great curiosity to know whether it is so or
not. If it is not worth while to go into an inquiry
in regard to the fact, let it be stricken out, but I
acknowledge if it can be ascertained, it will be
gratifying to me to reach the truth.
Mr. RUSK. I c'o not think it could be readily
obtained in the way it is proposed. It seems to
me, that if you would collect information upon
matters of this kind, you should form a commis-
sion of old women or physicians, and send them
out to make investigations. But it is information
that is not worth anything. It would be totally
unserviceable.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is not proposed to
make any minute or abstruse investigation, but
merely that certain facts shall be reported, which
may he pasily obtained.
Mr. KING. When I made the proposition to
amend, I had not the most distant idea that it
would lead to any discussion on the subject of
slavery, and I take it for granted that there are not
half a dozen Senators who supposed it would give
rise to any such discussion. I am perfectly aware
of the object of inserting it, and of the reasons
that influenced the honorable chairman, as well as
the other members of the committee. They sup-
pose it would lead to that species of information
that would enable us to determine whether the
really black race or the intermediate colors are the
longest lived and the most prolific. That was the
object. Well, that is a matter that is exceedingly
difficult to be deteimined upon any information to
be obtained by the mode proposed; but if it could
be obtained in reality, I have no doubt the fact
would be established that the black race are longer
lived and increase faster. I merely rose to say
that J entirely appreciate the motives that influ-
enced the honorable gentleman and his associates
on the committee m bringing it forward as they
did. I do not think that it is necessary to show
anything more than what I think I have shown—
that it is, in the first place, impracticable, and in
the second place, not at all beneficial if it were
practicable, and therefore I moved to strike it out.
Mr. DAYTON. The committee were desirous
of obtaining information upon this point, and I
hope our friends on the other side wiil not attribute
to us any improper motives in insisting upon re-*
taining this provision in the bill. I think that
some of our friends of the South are somewhat
too sensitive whenever any question as to the ne-
gro race is referred to. I hope that they do not
suppose that any such purpose as they have sug-
gested, as inferrible from the remarks of the Sen-
ator from New York, was looked to in advocating
the insertion of ihis provision. The proposition
came not only from a southern gentleman, but
from an exceedingly intelligent southern gentle-
man, whose attention had been turned to this part
of the subject; and, as has been well said, if the
hypothesis out of which it grew is based on fact
that can be ascertained, it will not only be a curi-
ous but useful fact connected with physiological
research. That there may be truth in the suppo-
sition, may be gathered in part from the remarks
of my friend from Alabama, [Mr. King.]
Mr. BADGER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a single question ?
The YICE PRESIDENT. It. is not in order
to interrupt a Senator when speaking.
Mr. BADGER. I submit, sir.
Mr. DAYTON. I make no manner of objec-
tion. The Senator from Alabama says, that from
his own innervation, the black race is, in his judg-
ment, longer lived and more prolific than the in-
termediate classes between the black and the white
race; and that as the blacks approximate to the
whites, and reach to an almost imperceptible
shade, longevity is much diminished, and the
power of procreation equally so, if in a certain
stage it is not entirely gone; that, in a word, the
mulatto in a certain degree is a hybrid !
I am informed, too, that the pure black has, in
the South, an admitted greater value than the
mulatto; that he consumes more, and can do more;
that the power of endurance of plantation labor
diminishes in proportion to the admixture of white
blood; that the mulatto has, in a word, neither the
better properties of the white man nor the negro.
These become important physiological facts, if
they be facts. Professor Agassiz, 1 believe, and
others, have even held them and the whites as of
an originally different racc. 1 do not mean to indi-
cate any concurrence in such opinion, for I have
no knowledge except that which is revealed; but
I am willing to institute any proper inquiry con-
nected with this or any other branch of scientific
research, especially where it is witheut expense
and incidental to other matters. The result of
your inquiries may not have much accuracy, be-
cause you put it in the hands of persons who
cannot settle with care the facts; but if you can
approximate to anything like accuracy in regard
to this matter, it becomes exceedingly interesting
and important. Indeed, I know of nothing that
can be incorporated in these census statistics that
will be more interesting than this very fact to which
attention has been called. The committee is cer-
tainly not liable to the impulation of desiring to
obtain this information to be used ill any way
against the institutions or the peace of the South.
The truth is, I do not know how it can be, I
cannot see how it can be, employed against the
South. And if it does not greatly increase the
expense and trouble attendant upon taking the cen-
sus, if we can obtain a knowledge of this most
important physiological fact, let us have the bene-
fit of it. I would have been glad if another mat-
ter which has been stricken out, to wit: the place
of birth of slaves, had been allowed to remain.
It would have given us a knowledge of the course
and origin of that kind of immigration; but I am
not very anxious about it, nor have I given it
much attention. In regard to this other matter of
scientific inquiry, however, if it does not increase
the trouble and expense, the facts ought to be as-
certained; for there certainly can be no bad use
made of them.
Mr. BADGER. The question which I desired
to ask of the Senator from New Jersey, if I had
been in order, was this: My friend says that if
this information could be obtained it would be cu-
rious information.
Mr. DAYTON. I went further. I said it
would be useful.
Mr. BADGER. In the first place it would
gratify curiosity, and in the next place my friend
said it would be useful. Now, I desire to know in
what possible manner the information could be
made useful. The int'mation his been thrown
out that possibly the result might be to give sup-
poit to the proposition which has recently gamed
some currency, that the human race is not de-
scended from one original pair, but that there have
been different and distinct oiiginal races. Well,
suppose that is proved : To what useful purpose
does my friend suppose the fact will apply >
Would it-be applied to this purpose, that, inas-
much as we are not all of the same race, the white
man does not owe to the black man the extension
of his charity and benevolence; jhat, as he does
not stand connected with him by blood, as spring-
ing from a common ancestor, he may treat him as
he would the various laces of animals that inhabit
the earth ? Can that be a useful purpose ? Can
it be useful for the purpose of directing our legis-
lation now or at any future time ? Can my friend
imagine any way in which the legislation of Con-
gress can be influenced by the inquiry ? Suppose
it should be ascertained that when two bloods are
mixed in the proportion of one-balf or one-quarter
with three quarters, or in any other proportion,
there is great loss of longevity, of vital power, of
physical energy, what does he propose to do?
Does he propose to adopt a system of legislation
here, in virtue of which these mixtuies are here-
after to be prohibited or restrained ? Can Con-
gress pass any act by which to restrain this incon-
gruous and deleterious process of mixing the two
raees? Why, according to the notions that pre-
sent themselves to my mind, if it be a curious in-
quiry, it is at all events barren of any useful pur-
pose that can be imagined. An investigation
about the crispiness of the hair would tend to
answer the purpose of influencing legislation,
either present or future, in any supposed contin-
gency, quite as much as the information attempt-
ed to be obtained upon this particular topic. My
friend says that in proposing or insisting upon
this, there was no intention on the part of any
member of the committee to produce an unfavor-
able result upon the South. Why, sir, no one
had an idea that there wa3 any such intention; not
in the least. The remarks that were called forth
from some southern gentlemen were not in con-
sequence of this being in the bill, but in conse-
quence of incidental observations that were made,
which weie thought by them to be unnecessary.
Now, if it be merely to gratify curiosity, to
afford a theme for speculation, that this is to be
inserted; or if it be to furnish an argument against
the Mosaic account of the creation of man, it is
idle, and in every point of view it is utterly useless.
It seems to me, also, that while pursuing an inves-
tigation of this character, there is too much of a
disposition to run into unnecessary details—not to
have some reasonable limit—and by increasing the
number of the objects of your inquiry, and multi-
plying the details of investigation, you are prepar-
ing a mode, and a very effectual mode, to render
all the results that you may obtain under all the
heads of inquiry unreliable, and consequently mis-
chievous, because, if unreliable, they may lead us
to take action that is not warranted.
Mr. DAYTON. I will answer my friend from
North Carolina in a few words. He has asked
me, in his usual pointed manner, of what possible
utility this information would be? How did it
bear on our legislative duties? When i used the
word "useful," as appropriate to a matter of
scientific research, I used it as applicable to the
particular subject. It is a useful fact in scientific
research. It is a very important fact in the natural
history of man. It is an advance in our knowledge
upon this subject. It is useful, therefore, in refer-
ence to the paitieular subject-matter of the inquiry.
I did not mean to say that it would be useful as a
means of settling who should marry, and who
should not marry; but it was useful, as I before
said, for the particular object, and as to the parti-
cular subject. Why, sir, my friend near me,
[Mr. Underwood,] said you sent an exploring
expedition round the world, and you collected
together all the plants, and all the shells, and all
the birds, and beasts, and fishes of distant lands
and seas; aye, and information too, respecting
this question of physiology, the natural history of
man, if he be only a Patagoman, or something
even neaier the south or the noith pole; that was
all useful in its way, and the Government made
appropriations for that purpose; but as soon as you
go to ask a question of fact as to the natural his-
tory of man at home, why, the question is put,
"of what possible utility can the knowledge of
that fact be?" Now I submit, with very great
respect, that this is a useful fact, as well as a
curious fact, in reference to the particular matter.
The gentleman asks, " to what possible purpose
can it be applied ?" I answer, to what possible
puipose can a thousand other facts in science be
applied, as far as mere utilitarian purposes are
concerned. What is the use of certain parts of
the science of geology, the earth's stratification,
