1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Sept. 7,
taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 87, nays
115; as follow :
YEAS—Yfessrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bowie, BowHn, Boyd, Breck,
Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, E. C. Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Ohngman, W. R. W. Cobb,
Darnel, Dunmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, E-*mg, Featherston,Fullei, Gentry,Gerry,Gilmore,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Haralson, Isham G Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Havmond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoaglana, How-
ard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Keir, Leffler, Job Mann, Mar-
shall, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McLan-
ah?in, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Morehead, Morton,
Outlaw, Owen. Parker, Peaslee, Phcenix, Powell, Richard*
son, Uobbins, Rose, Ross, Savage, Shepperd, Stanly, Fred-
erick P Sumon, Richard II. Stanton, Strong, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, J. Thompson, J. B. Thompson, Toombs,
Walden, Walking Wellborn, William*,fend Young—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Bakt-r, Bennett,
Bingham, Booth, B iwdon, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Bur-
row*, Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph
Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Caitter, Casej*, Chandler, Claike,
Cok-ock, Cole, Corwtn, Crowell, Deborry, Dickey, Disney,
Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Fowler, Freedley, Giddings, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Harlan, Simpson W Harris. Hebard, Henry, Holla-
day, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge,
William T. Jackson, Rob rt W. Johnson, Julian, Geoige
G. King, James G King, John A. King, Preston King,
Levin, LUtleftnlrt, Horace Mann, Matte&on, McGaughey,
McKi<sock, McQ/ieen, McWillk, Meacham, Meade, Mill-
ion, Moore, Morris, Morse, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds,
Orr, O'is, P*ck, Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Robinson, Root, Rumsey, SackeU, Sawtelle,
Schenck, Scln'rmerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scddon, Silvester,
Sprague, Thaddeu-* Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton,
Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wilson,
and Woodward—115.
So the decision of the Speaker was reversed,
and the House decided that the amendment was
not in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to
inquire •
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote just taken, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to
propose a substitute for the bill, i move to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert what 1
send to the Chair.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the substitute,
when—
Mr. MEADE rose and said that he wished to
offer an amendment to the bill before the substitute
was offered.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would yield the floor
for the purpose, if he did not thereby lose his right
to it.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] might offer his amendment
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. MEADE said he understood that the prop- *
oeition of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Thompson] is a substitute, and that an amendment
to the bill was first in order.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] was entitled to floor.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] could
offer the amendment when he had the floor.
Mr. MEADE, I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] will
allow the amendment to go in.
Mr. THOMPSON. I certainly will.
The amendment of Mr. Meade, to come in as a
proviso to the first section of the bill, was then read,
as follows:
Inseit before the proviso—
" And that all owner? of slave* within the Slate aforesaid
shall be allowed twelve months after the passage of this act,
to remove them from the limits thereof; and should any es*
eape from their masters, thoy thai! be delivered up irt the*
manner provided lor by the Constitution and laws of the
United States."
The amendment having been read,
The SPEAKER said: The Chair states to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr, Meade,] that he
can only offer the amendment at the present time
by the unanimous consent of the House. No
amendment can be offered by a gentleman who is
not entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANLY objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Thompson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON. I wish that my amend-
ment may be read.
The substitute was accordingly read, and is as
follows:
A Bill to authorize the admission of California as a State
into this Union, and to torm a territorial government for
South California.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Oongress assembled) That as
soon as California shall have passed in convention an ordi-
nance provjdmg:
That she relinquishes all title or claim to tax, dispose of,
or in any way to interfere with the primary disposal by the
United States of the public domain within her limits;
That she will not interpose her authority and power so as
to obstruct or impede any control which the United States
may deem advisable to exercise over such districts in the
mining regions, (either now discovered, or to be discovered
hereafter,) as may not be included in any lawful grant made
to private individuals, or to corporations, prior to the cession
of California to the United States;
That the lands of the non-residents shall never be taxed
higher than those of residents;
That the navigabfe waters shall be open and free to all
citizens of the United States, those of California included}
and
That her southern limits shall be restricted to the Mis-
souri compromise line, (thirty-six degrees thirty minutes of
north latitude.) «
And as soon a=< she shall have produced to the President
of the United States satisfactory and authentic evidence
that the terms above set forth have been fully and exactly
complied with, the President of the United States he, and
he is hereby, authorized and requested, without any further
action on the pait of Congress, to issue his proclamation de-
flarine that California is, and she shall thereupon be, ad-
mitted into the Union upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States in all respects whatsoever.
Sec. 2. JSndbeit further enacted, That such portions of
the revenue collected in the ports of California a* may re-
main unexpended at the time of the issuing of the Presi-
dent's proclamation a* aforesaid, shall be paid over to the
said State of California.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the Senators and
Representatives elect now before Congress for the said State
of California, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive,
the mileage, and the pot diem pay, allowed to the Delegate
from the Temtorv of Oregon, from the dav that the message
of the President transmitting the constitution of California
was received by Congress.
Sec. 4. Jiiul be it further enacted, That the country lying
between thirty-«ix degrees thirty minutes of north lati-
tude, and the boundary line between Mexico and the United
States, established bv the treatv of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and
extending from the Pacific to the Sierra Madre, shall consti-
tute a Territory under the name of the Termory of South
California, and shall be organized, as sueh, undpr the pro-
visions of this bill applying to the Territory of New Mexico,
in all respects whatsoever; arid shall, when ready, able,
and willing, to become a State, and desiring to be such, be
admitted into the Union, with or without slavery, as the
people thereof maydesne and make known through their
constitutmn.
Mr. ORR addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr Thompson] yield the floor?
Mr. THOMPSON. For explanation.
Mr. ORR. I desire the gentleman to yield the
floor to enable me to move an amendment to the
original hill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already sta-
ted, that a gentleman cannot yield the floor to
another to move an amendment except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HALL, f object.
Mr. THOMPSON. I desire to inquire whether,
having the floor, I can offer an amendment to the
original bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man can.
Mr: THOMPSON. If the gentleman from
South Carolina will hand me his amendment, then,
perhaps I will accept it.
Mr. Orr passed his amendment over to Mr.
Thompson.
The amendment having been read,
Mr. THOMPSON accepted it as his own, and
offered it,as follows:"
Provided, Thai the southern boundary of said State be
and is hereby establi&hed on the parallel of 36° 30' north
latitude.
The question being first upon agreeing to the
amendment to the bill—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said: Mr.
Speaker, 1 know and feel that the hour of de-
bate is passed, and that this House is impatient
for action; but I am constrained even yet to make
one more effort to secure justice for that section of
the Union I represent. It is Crue I struggle with-
out hope: I know the result in advance. But I
have sought the floor to enable me to place on
record my own opinions and views.
The substitute proposed limits the boundary of
California hy that ancient, well-known line on the
south of 36° 30'. It admits California when she
has agreed not to interfere with the primary dispo-
sal of the land, and pledges herself to those stipu-
lations which were required of the other new
States, by proclamation of the President. It organ-
izes a territorial government for the residue of the
country, south of the line of 3G° 30', to be called
South California, and adopts for its government
the same provisions enacted on yesterday for New
Mexico. |
Sir, I believe, there is but one feeling from one
end of the Union to the other—that the boundaries
of California, as now claimed, are unreasonably
large. This opinion is not peculiar to the South,
but I know it is also entertained by the whole
North.
Had the people of California, finding themselves
left without a government by Congress, formed
one looking to the securement of their own rights
alone, we all admit that there *would have been
force, and even propriety, in their making a gov-
ernment for themselves. Had they been content
with limits which were confined to an effort to se-
cure theirown protection, it would have presented
a strong case, calling upon our liberality; and it
would have diminished the difficulty of overlooking
her gfoss irregularities. But when it is apparent
to us all, that this whole movement is a political
manoeuvre; when a band of adventurers, enter-
ing upon the public land in violation of law, at-
tempts to fix the fundamental law for an empire,
embracing a country large enough for five States
of the ordinary size, the character of the whole
transaction is apparent. Were it not that the
South is excluded—that slavery is excluded, 1 do
not believe a single northern vote could be ob-
tained for her admission with her present limits.
We yet have her boundaries in our hands.
I repeat,-her gigantic proportions characterize
this whole proceeding as a political movement,
conceived in fraud, carried forward in fraud, and
this House this day is called upon to baptize and
confirm this gross and outrageous fraud.
This is my judgment, and however others may
be disposed to acquiesce in this application, I can-
not doubt that in their hearts they entertain the
same feeling.
Another thing: This Government stands in a
different position to this country from any new
State which has been admitted heretofore. The
United States has never asserted jurisdiction in
California. We have never exerted our power to
dispose of the public domain. Without our per-
mission, squatters are now in possession of the
lands of California. The Convention which framed
the constitution on which we are now acting,
claimed and asserted their right of sovereignty.
Their constitution and laws are now in full opera-
tion. The State of California is taxing the settlers
for the use of our property. In our hot haste, we
are rushing into a conflict. California excitement
and California troubles will not end with her ad-
mission.
Are gentlemen prepared to jeopardize the
whole public domain ? That California will claim
the mines, and most of the valuable lands, I be-
lieve; that the Government of the United States
will ultimately yield in the controversy, I cannot
doubt.
In former times, there was more particularity
and caution in the admission of new States; it was
m those days, when the doctrine of State rights
meant something. Then each State, before she
assumed her equal position among the Confederacy
of States, was required to agree beforehand to the -
stipulations which seemed to conflict with her sov-
ereignty. Even in those cases in latter days when
the previous stipulations were pretermitted, the
Government had surveyed her lands and sold them
to settlers, and the interest of every voter was
directly enlisted in maintaining your title. It is
different with California; there the interest of
every voter will enhst him in opposition to your
title. "Vote yourself a farm" will bccome an elec-
tioneering cry; or perhaps it may be, vote yourself
a gold mine. Whoever raises the cry will triumph.
Their distance from us, and the yielding to their
commands which this day will witness, will em-
bolden them in their demands. They will threaten
secession, and complain loudly of harsh treat-
ment.
The consequence, unless the precaution provi-
ded for m my substitute prevails, will be, that Con-
gress will finally recede, and California will come
into the exclusive proprietorship of the mines, if
not of the whole public domain.
I ask gentlemen of the North and of the South,
Are you prepared to rush headlong and blindly
into such a dispute, when, by a short delay, the
whole dispute may be avoided?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, Will the
gentleman from Mississippi allow me to ask a
single question?
Mr. THOMPSON. Certainly.
