1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire to know of the gen-
tleman whether he does not think, when that
claim is set up, we can buy it off for ten millions
of dollars ? [A laugh.]
Mr. THOMPSON. I think very likely. Mon-
ey is a sovereign remedy; but I am opposed to
it. I wish to avoid a future necessity for deple-
ting the Treasury. I wish to settle this question
now. I feel that I am speaking against the fixed
determination of this House. But what is the
necessity of admitting: California now? Require
her to comply with the conditions proposed, and
she can and will assent by the next session, Do
you want her votes now ? Not for the tariff, be-
cause in this you will fail, as her very position
j^ill ever make her a free-trade State. But I will
not detain you with these views.
The adoption of a territorial government for
South California is demanded by the people of
that country. The whole South asks for the divis-
ion as an act of'justice. Every considera'ion of
sound policy demands this division. We are
ready to accept the territorial government for
South California that you have given to New Mex-
ico. In this, it is said, you will get two free States:
this is not certain, but it is certain that if Califor-
nia is ever divided by her own consent, both
States will be free. That she will be forced to a
division before ten years, is tome morally certain.
The Constitution gives her the power to divide
herself as often as she can obtain the consent of
Congress to such a division. Political strength
and consequence, on the Pacific coast, will be ob-
tained by the larger number of States. This feel-
ing will be aided by the ambition of political aspi-
rants and the violence of inevitable sectional dis-
putes ,which prevail more or less in every State.
By the formation oP a territorial government,
the whole.South will feel that they are not excluded
by your act—that the majority here has some re-
spect still for them and their rights. You show
a disposition to do right; and a manifestation of
that spirit of justice will restore peace and har-
mony to the country. You can now put your
heel upon the South, tamper with their feelings,
and trample upon their righfs.
I see that the majority are bent on their pur-
poses. I despair of equity. 1 have done my ut-
most to ward off this blow. My counsel has been
unheeded, and I am overpowered. This outrage
is this day to be perfected, and all I can do is, to
leave the people's rights in the keeping of the
people. In their action I shall acquiesce with
more cheerfulness than in your arbitrary course.
I would, in the language of the President, in
his late message to Congress, that in the train of
the passage of these several measures in relation
to slavery, I could hope for " a return of harmony
'and goodwill, an increased attachment to the
'Union, and the general satisfaction of the coun-
1 try."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not obtained the
floor for the purpose of discussion. This question
has been debated long-enough. I move the pre-
vious question.
Tellers were asked and ordered.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Meade
and the Speaker, as to the right of the former gen-
tleman to offer an amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON (in reply to an inquiry)
said, he declined to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MEADE asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused, ten members only voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. FOWLER (to the Speaker.) Will the
Speaker state what the effect of the previous ques-
tion will be?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the ad-
journment of the House.
The question having been taken, and decided
in the negative, the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER now repeated "his question as
to the effect of the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the previous
question, if sustained, will be this; the House will
be brought to a vote, first on the amendment, then
on the substitute, and then on the third reading of
the bill.
Mr. HOLMES. I move a call of the House,
and I ask the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were refused.
And a call of the House was refused.
Mr. MEADE, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
to move an amendment to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the previous
question.
Tellers (Messrs. Mc&ueeU and Otis) were
then appointed.
And the question, " Will the House second the
demand for the previous question ?" was then
taken,^nd decided in the affirmative—ayes 121, (a
majority of the whole House,) noes not eounted.
So there was a second; and the main question
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a reconsideration of
the vote just taken, and that that motion be laid
upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The main question was then'stated to be on the
amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi.
Mr. McQXTEEN and Mr. INGE asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of or-
der. I understand that the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] proposes an amendment
to the original bill, and then a substitute for the
whole bill. I make the point of order, that the
gentleman from Mississippi occupying the floor,
had to make his election between offering an
amendment and offering a substitute; and that it
was not competent for him to offer both.
The SPEAKER. The same point of order was
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio, and was
overruled; and it is now too late to make the point
of order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question upon agreeing to the amendment
of Mr. Thompson to the bill was taken, and de-
cided in the negative—yeas 75, nays 132; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, A«he> Averett, Bayly,
Reale, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowiln, Boyd. Breck, A G. Brown,
Burt, E. <\ Cabell, George A Caldwell. Jo«eph p. Caldwell,
Ciingman, W. R. VV. Cobb, Coloock, Daniel, Deberrv, Ed-
mund.-on. Alexander Evan*, Ewing, Featherston, Green,
Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Tsham G. Hams, tfnmp<nn W.
Harris Milliard, Holladav, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge,
Joseph W, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La S&re, Marsha!!,
Ma«nn. McDowell, Robert \1. M^Lane, Finis E. McLean,
McMullen, McQueen, McWilhe Meade, Million, Mnrehertd,
M~-r?e, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell, Sav-
age, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Venable,Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, and Wood-
ward—75.
NAYrt—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Bik^r, Bennett, Rinsbnm, Rissell, Rokee, Booth, Briggs,
Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel. Buriows, Chester But-
ler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell,
C.irtter. Cn«ev. Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin, Crow* ll,
Dickev, Dumnick, Dij-ney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, JJurkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Freed'ey, Fuller, Gentry, Ceriy, Giddings, Gilmote, Gor-
man, G')tf, Gould, GrinneH, Halloway, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Haymond, flebard, Henrv, Hihbard, I-Ioagland,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T Jackson. Julian,"Kerr,
G^oige G Kins, James G. King, John A. Kins, Proton
Kina, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, McGtushey, McKis-
soek, McLanahan, Meac ham, Moore, Mori is. Nelson, New- 1
ell, Oale, Old-?, Oti=, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps Phranix. Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardjon, Roblmi«,
Robinson, Root, Rose, Ro«s, Rnmsev, Sackett, Sawtelle,
Schenck, Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spra?ue,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, ft rone, Sweetser, Tay-
lor, James Thompson, Thnrman, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Wafden, Waldo, Wentworfh, White, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wilson, and Young—132.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment offered by Mr. Thompson, of Mis-
sissippi, os a substitute for the hill—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call, and had pro-
ceeded with hut a few names, when
Mr. MORTON interposed, and inquired if it
would be in order to have the amendment re-
ported ?
The SPEAKER. It will be again reported
by unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER. It is the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Mississippi.
The call was resumed, and concluded with the
following result—yeas 71, nays 134; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, BavJy,
Beale, Bowdon, Boyd, Albeit G. Brown. Burt, E C. Ca-
bell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingman,
W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Heherry, Edmundson,
Alexander Evans, Ewing, Featherston. Green, Hamilton,
Haralson, Jsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Hairis, HiUiard,
Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph. W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson. Jones, Kaufman, La S&re, Marshall, Mason, Mc-
Dowell, Robert M. MeLane, Firns E. McLean, McMullen,
McQueen, McWHUe, Meade, Mjllson, -iV'oreheSd, Morse,
Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell, Savage, Sed-
don, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stantgn,Richard H. &tantoi>,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, and Woodward 71.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Bowlnp,
Brcck, Buggs, Brooks, William J. Brown,Buel, JBurr<>«&,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin,
Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Cole, Corwin, Croweil,
Dickey,.J)immick, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Pitch, Fowler,
Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gilmore, Gor-
man, Goit, Gould, GrinnelJ, Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagland, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston
King, Leffler, Levin, Litilefield, Horace 'Mann, Job Mann,
Matie«on, McClernard, McDonald, McGaughey, McKis-
sock, McLanahan,Meacham, Moore, Morris, Nelson, New-
ell, Ogle, Oids, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Phoenix, Pit-
man, Potter, Putnam, Reed,Revnolds, Richardson, Robbing*,
Robinson, Root, Rose, Ro-s, Rumsev, Sackett, Sawtelle,
Schenck, Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spiague,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Tay-
lor. James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dykf, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentvvorth,
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wilson, and!
Young—1 '34.
So the substitute offered by Mr. Thompson
was rejected.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn;
and asked the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were refused, (ten members
voting therefor.)
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Holmes, and decided in the negative without
a division.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question agam recurred on ordering the
bill to a third reading.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I think a
decent respect for the House, requires that the
bill should at least be read in the hearing of the
House.
The bill was then read.
Mr. THOMPSON, ofMisaissippi,asked theyeas
and nays on ordering the biU to a third reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, "Shall the bill be ordered to a
third reading?" was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 151, nays 57, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Bovvhn, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, William J.
Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester IJutler, Thomas B. Butler,
J. Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvrn, Campbell, Cariter, Ca-
sey, Chandler,Clarke, Cole.Corwin, Croweil, Dickey, Dun-
rnick, Disney, Dixon, Dotv,Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Eliot, Alexandei Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewriig, Fitch, Fow-
ler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentiy, Gei ry, Giddmgs, Gihnore, Gor-
man, Gott, GouW, GrinnelJ, Hall, Halloway, hamilton, Har-
lan, Thomas L. Harris5, Haymond, Ilebard, Henry, HiMmiU,
Hortularid, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Keir,
Gj<>rge G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston Km*?,
l.pfiW, Levin, Lmlefif'd, H. Mann, Job Mann, MutshalY,
MH*on, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, MiGnughey,
McKissoek, McLanahan, R. M.MoLane, Funs E. MeLeaa,
Me&chatn, Moore, Mon-head,Morris,Nelsor, NeweJLOgle,
Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps, Phosnix, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson,
Roor, Rose, Ro s, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck,
Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, 'Silvester, Sprague, Stanly,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, James
Tho-i pson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Under-
bill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Weut-
wonh, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams. Wilson,
and Young—151.
NAYS—Mew. Alston, A&he, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bowdon, Boyd, AlbertG. Brown, Burt, F« C.Cabell,Geotge
A Caldwell, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, ColeoeK,
Daniel, Debeiry, Edmund?on, Fealherston, Green, Haral-
son, I sham G. Hairis, Sampson W. Harris, Hilhaid, Holla-
day, Holmes, Howa,d, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, La s^&re, McDowell, McMul-
len, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Million, Morse, Motion,
Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell, Savage, Spddon,Shep-
peid, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, and Wood-
wai3—57.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question on the passage of th« bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been read
a third time.
The bill was then read a third time; and
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. FEATHERSTON. 1 move to lay the bi)l
on the table, and I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Featherston was put, and
rejected.
