1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ma
non-intervention is really tb be adopted, and car-
ried out, in relation to it. What benefit to us that
States are to be admitted from this territory, with
or without slavery, as the people forming State
constitutions may prefer, if in the intermediate
time the slaveholder with his property is to Be>
excluded by the pretext of Mexican law, or by*
the territorial legislation of the insignificant com-
munities now occupying it? By the vote of the
committee on my amendment, we can determine
whether this alleged intervention be a substance—
a reality, or a mere shadow of a name—a pretence
and a cover for'our exclusion, under the supposed
operation of Mexican laws, or by hostile squatter
legislation. Let us see whether our rights, as
southerners and slaveholders, to participation in
our common territories will be acknowledged and
secured, even as to this pitiful waste of desert land.
The question was taken on the amendment by
tellers, (Messrs. Brooks, and Johnson of Ken-
tucky, acting as such,) and resulted in the nega-
tive—ayes 55; noes 85.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike from the first section of the bill the follow-
ing:
"And when admitted as a State, the said Territory, or
any portion of the same, shall be received mto.the Union
with or without Slavery, as their constitution may prescribe
at the time of their admission."
Mr. S. said, he uuderstood that it was intended
to form territoiial governments on the principle
of non-intervention. This was what he desired
should be done; but in doing this they were pro-
posing to go still further, and expressly provide
for the condition of things in the Territories for all
time to come. He thought it did not become this
Congress to attempt to bind future Congresses. In
his opinion, each Congress ought to shoulder its
own responsibilities. He desired that the future
regulation of this matter should be left to future
Congresses, when the Territories should present
themselves for admission into the Union. I know
(continued Mr. S.) that there are a great many
gentlemen of the North, who, notwithstanding tho.
express instructions of their Legislatures, are ready
to act upon the other bills, and leave the question
respecting slavery to be determined by the inhabit-
ants of the Territory.
There are others of us who have made up our
minds never to voteforthe admission of new slave
States, except those which we are already bound
by compact to admit, as in the case of the new
States to be formed from a part of Texas. Now,
in order to avoid this whole question, I desire to
strike out what I have indicated, without inserting
anything whatever.
1 know these acts of ours are not binding on
future Congresses; but I know, also, that a great
portion of mankind are apt to take these pledges
as being really a part of the Constitution, or at
least as having equal binding force with the Con-
stitution itself. When the Missouri compromise,
and when the comprormse of 1833, were entered
into, they became equivalent to constitutional pro-
visions. The amendment that I now propose,
sir, has for its object to introduce the doctrine of
non-intervention, at least ro far as to leave to fu-
ture Congresses the privilege of acting for them-
selves in relation to the subject, and not to under-
take to bind them. It.is not from factious motives
that I have moved the amendment that is now
before you. I have done it m good faith, for the
purpose of testing the* disposition of the House,
and I ask for telleis on the motion.
The question was taken by tellers, on the amend-
ment, and it was rejected—ayes 58, noes 85.
Mr. PITCH moved the following as an addi-
tional proviso to the 1st section of the bill, viz:
"Provided, That the Mexican law prohibiting slavery be
and remain in full lorce in said Territory."
Mr, MILLSON moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Fitch, by offering the following as a
substitute:
" Provided, That no law or usage f-xistin^in the said Ter-
ritorial or before the time when the same was acquired by
the United Slate*, shall beheld to destroy or hnp<«ir, within
the said Territory, any rights of property or relations of per-
sons that may be"now recognized and allowed in any ol the
United States.'-*
Mr. M. $aid. I do not propose to exhaust
the time and patience of the committee by a
leng hened discussion of the merits of the question
embraced in the proposition which I have sub-
mitted. My object is to test the strength of the
doctrine of non-intervention, the true doctrine of
non-intervention, which leaves the rights of the
citizens of the South yhere the Constitution has
placed them, and removes every obstruction which
has been put in their way by aforeign Government
as well as their own. If gentlemen, then, are
really in favor of that non-intervention of which '
they speak so much, they will not content them-
selves with simply forbearing to insert a positive
prohibition of slavery, believing it to be unneces-
sary to ao so, but they will also take care that the
rights of southern citizens shall not be destroyed
or impaired by the legislation of the Power that
formerly owned this territory. Sir, if our equal
rights are to be trampled upon, it will be but a poor
consolation to be told, that it is done, not by the
direct action of our own Congress, but by the na-
tion from whom we conquered the territory.
I do not wish to be understood as expressing
the opinion that any law or usage which existed
in the territory at the time we acquired it, can
properly be held to impair the rights of citizens of
the United Stafes. My own personal opinion is
clear and decided, that no law now exists there but
American law; and on a former occasion I en-
deavored to sustain this view. But, sir, I have no
confidence, upon this question, in the judges who
will be appointed to decide these controversies, if
any shall arise in this Territory. I know what
their decisions will be, because I know what the
opinions of northern gentlemen now are. No man
will be nominated by the present President, whose
ad judication could be in favor of the slaveholder,
and without meaning to impute to the Senate any
intention to do what was supposed to be wrong,
I believe that, constituted as that body now is, no
man would be appointed by them who would
make such a decision. Nay, sir, I venture to pre-
dict—though it is not likely that the accuracy of
the prediction will ever be tested—that if such a
thing should ever happen—if, by some awkward
mismanagements territorial judge should be ap-
pointed who should decide that slavery is not for-
bidden by the extinct legislation of Mexico, his
decision would never be suffered to stand, and
there might even be, if necessary, such a change
in the constitution of the Supreme Court as would
insure its reversal.
•Sir, the sole object of the amendment I have
offered, js simply to provide that no court shall
give such effect to the past legislation of Mexico
as to hold that it interferes with the rights of
southern citizens. The amendment does not seek
to establish slavery. It does not propose to forestall
either congressional or territorial legislation. It
does not protect the rights of property or the rela-
tions of persons against anything but Mexican
legislation. What excuse can there be for refus-
ing to insert such a provision in the bill, except
that it is really expected and intended that the bill
as it now staftds shall secure our exclusion from
this territory ? is this non-intervention ? Is this a
result which Congress may lawfully accomplish,
directly or indirectly ? I say nothing of those prop-
erty rights which are invaded by such legisla-
tion; but there is another relation between the
master and his slave than that merely involving
property. They are both human beings, and
there is a domestic, a social relation between them,
which, while they live together, the best interests
of both render necessary. You have no right to
destroy or impair this relation, any more than you
have to impair the relation of parent and-child.
This, too, is to some extent a relation of property.
The child owes servitude to his parent, and it is
" involuntary servitude,M too. Would you per-
mit Mexican legislation to destroy this relation, or
interfere with this claim to servitude? Have you
any right to destroy it by your own legislation?
Sir, gentlemen talk as if they thought it a suffi-
cient boon to the South, that New Mexico and
Utah should have governments provided for them
without the Wilmot proviso. They sometimes
talk of it as compensation for the admission of
California and the dismemberment of Texas. Sir,
what compensation is there to the South in giving
governments to New Mexica and Utah, with or
without the proviso? What peculiar interest have
we in the people of these Territories? How could
we be injured if they never had a Government?
Are they so friendly in their feeling/sand purposes
towards us, as peculiarly to enlist our sympa-
thies towards them, and induce us to submit to
sacrifices for the sake of securing to them the pro-
tection of our laws ? What is it more to us than
to the North, that Utah and New Mexico should
have governments? Sir, it is Ihe North that
should desire such governments to be provided*
It is the North that would receive compensation
from the passage of these territorial bills, if they
had suffered any wrongs that required compensa-
tion. Wherever we may look for consolation un-
der the disastrous defeats we have just sustained,
it is not in these bills that we shall find it.
I will detain the committee no longer. I have
offered my amendment to test the strength—I
should rather say, the weakness of the doctrine of
non-intervention. Rejected «s it will be by a vast
majority, it will serve at least to show what ends
are expected to be accomplished by the passage of
this bill.
On motion of Mr. BOYD,
The committee ro3e and reported progress; when
Mr. BOYD offered the resolution in the usual
form, closing all debate on the said bill in five
minutes after it should again have been taken up in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn,
Mr. MEADE asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
Tellers were asked and refused.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Vinton, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the resolution of
Mr. Boyd to close debate, &c.
And, without a division, it was adopted.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the House again re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McClernand in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill to estab-
lish a territorial government for Utah.
Mr. BAYLY said, he should not detain the
House a moment. He rose merely to appeal to
members from the section of country from which
he came not to offer any amendments to this bill.
It was evident the majority of the House did not
mean to amend it in any particular. It was pre-
cisely Jn the shape that it had received the vote of
every southern Senator, and particularly the votes
of the two Senators of his own State. This being
the case, he hoped that no amendment would be
offered, but that the bill would be allowed- to pass
without delay.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
question of order. It was not in order, he said',
for the gentleman to make a speech, unless he sub-
mitted a motion.
Mr. BAYLY said he had but a single word to
add. He had now to say to gentlemen on the
other side of the House, that it was perfectly cer-
tain that this bill was not going to be amended;
that it would pass precisely in its present shape,
and the only effect of offering amendments, there-
fore, would be to keep the House sitting so much
the later. This being the case, he hoped that no
more amendments would be offered.
The question-was then taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment by tellers, (Messrs. Gilmore and
Clarke acting as such,) and determined in the
negative—ayes 49, noes 92.
Mr. SEDDON said: I regret, Mr. Chairman,
that the remarks of my colleague [Mr. Bayl?]
make some explanation on my part necessary.
He appeals to southern Representatives to forbear
from offering opposition or amendment to this
bill, and refers to the fact that it received the ap-
probation of all the Senators from the South, in-
cluding those from our own State, to whom he has
referred particularly. Sir, since the rejection, by
a decisive vote, of the amendment offered by me
just now, it is my purpose certainly, and may be
that of other southern Representatives, to vote
against this bill, even as it came from the Senate.
Sir, I feel proud to concur in approval of the course
which has been pursued in relation to this whole
controversy by the southern Senators who op-
posed the miscalled compromise bill, and espe-
cially in that of the able Senators from my own
State, who are richly entitled to the confidence
and gratitude of the South. I therefore feel bound
to explain the very different circumstances under
which the bill was presented to and approved by
them. While one of a series of conjoint meas-
ures, such as have been in substance passed here,
it met their stern, unwavering opposition, and
only when all others seemed defeated and tins
stood alone was it acquiesced in by them. It
professed to be based on the principle of non-in-
