1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 7,
tervention, and at that time, it might not unreason-
ably have been supposed that some adjustment of
the other vexed sectional questions might be ac-
complished on that or some similar basis. With
that hope, it might properly be, as I doubt not it
was, allowed by those Senators; but now and with
us, the attitude of this bill is far different. It is
the last of a series of connected outrages on our
section and its citizens. It consummates the gross
wrong and injustice of our exclusion from partici-
pation in the vast domains obtained in large meas-
ure by southern valor and treasure. The vote just
given has shown the pretence of non-intervention
to be a mere sham—a trap to catch easy, credu-
lous compromisers of the South; and that no sub-
stantial enjoyment, or even chance of participa-
tion in that poor territory, is to be allowed us.
" Per fas aut nefas," either by the pretence of
Mexican law or territorial legislation, we are to be
excluded. Under these altered circumstances, I
cannot for a moment doubt, Mr. Chairman, that
all the southern Senators referred to would have
encountered this bill, like all thejjthers, with stern
opposition. ' .
Such, sir, certainly is my feeling in respect to it;
and I appeal to the southern Representatives with
whom I have been acting, if the connection of this
measure with the series of wrongs inflicted upon
us, and the palpable denial of all chance of equal
participation just pronounced, do not render our
duty of opposition to this bill likewise clear and
imperative? Let us have no part nor lot 111 this
.foul wrong, nor be implicated in any of the con-
nected measures of aggression and injury perpe-
trated on us and ours. Let us not weaken the
force of our opposition and repugnance by acqui-
escence in this the pettiest of the whole. Here,
indeed, it may avail nothing. From the dominant
majority here, we can expect no redress—not even
the simplest justice. We speak to sealed ears—to
fixed ininds. But, beyond them, there is yet a
power we may invoke with hope. To the sov-
ereignty of the people there may still be appeal,
and°there we may find a power to resist wrongs
and maintain rights. In my humble judgment,
the honor and the safety of the southern people
are involved in the issues of these measures, and
to them, with the confidence which their history
and their character justify, let us refer as be-
comes their Representatives, the determination of
the extent of the wrong done and " the mode and
measure of redress."
Mr. TOOMBS said that if it would be in order
for him, by opposing this amendment, to make a
few remarks, he desired to do so.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman was
at liberty to proceed.
Mr. TOOMBS continuing, said he desired to
say a word in reply to the remarks ot the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon.] "lhe objec-
tion that the gentleman urged to the bill, seemed
to be that there had been a series of outrages per-
petrated upon the South. If, said Mr. 1., the
passage of the territorial bills without restriction
on the subject of slavery, is not an outrage, and
the gentleman does not seem to suppose that it is,
then there has been none committed. And I have
this to say to the gentleman, if there have been ag-
gressions perpetrated upon the South, she has
done the mischief herself; she has only herself to
blame. It is by her own hands, and by the hands
of her sons, that the wrong has been done.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. He must confine his remarks to the
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS, continuing, said he was opposed
to lhe amendment.
The gentleman from Virginia had spoken of
outrages committed on the South. There could
certainly be no outrage connected with this legis-
lation. So far as that was concerned it was per-
fectly satisfactory. The gentleman was not justi-
fied in saying that an outrage was committed upon
the South. If any outrage had been committed
upon her, it had been done by her own sons. If
the matter were tested, this would be found to be
the case.
Mr. SEDDON said he trusted it would be tested.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was negatived—ayes 52, noes 85.
Mr. SEDDON offered the following amendment,
as an additional proviso to the 1st section, viz:
" And that prior to the formation of a State constitution,
there shall be. no prohibition by lhe action of the territorial le-
gislature of the emigration of any citizens of the United
States with any property recognized as such by the laws of
any of the States of the Union."
Mr. SEDDON said: I should be indeed happy,
Mr. <Jhairman, if I could accord in the strange
declaration just made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that the South in this
series of measures has sustained no aggression and
no wrong. But, sir, the ability of the gentleman,
great as it is freely conceded to be, must*fall far
short of the impossible task of convincing either
myself or numbers in the South of the justice of
such an assertion. I cannot indeed forbear ex-
pressing amazement at the source whence such a
declaration proceeds. Sir, to go no further back
than a few biiefdays, were there not published in
this city the resolutions adopted by a meeting of
southern representatives on a report made by that
gentleman as the chairman of the committee to
whom had been confided the duty of recommend-
ing a course to be pursued by us here ? Did not
these resolutions expressly contemplate that an
amendment, introduced and urged by that gentle-
man, should be offered by him to the territorial
bills, by which substantially the Mexican law
was to be abrogated and another law, under
which our right of entry with our slaves into
the new Territories was secured, substituted,
and made the exclusive law on the subject of
slavery? That in the event of its rejection, we
were to plant ourselves immovably on the Mis-
souri compromise tine and demand recognition
south 8f it? I certainly had not a doubt that all
who concurred m those resolutions, and especially
the mover, believed that if the principle of his
amendment was not accorded, and that then all
partition with recognition of our right to hold
slaves in the part allotted us should be refused, t
great wrong and m]ury would be done the South
and that we should be justified in resisting, by all
legitimate means, this whole series of infamous
measures. Yet, sir, we have seen the amendment
of the gentleman offered, and the whole vital part
of it rejected by a decisive vole; only so much as
was substantially in the Constitution of the United
States and incorporated m the bill before, was
adopted, as if in mere mockery. We have like-
wise seen all propositions of partition, of the Mie
souri line, and of recognition of our right of entry
with slaves, in any form, scouted and voted down
by overwhelming majorities. If there was sense
or meaning in our resolutions, surely these things
constitute to the gentleman himself gross wrong and
aegression. Imightgo much further,Mr.Chairman,
111 these personal references, for materials are not
wanting, but 1 have no heart for criminations and re-
criminations with southern men. I prefer to appeal
to the convictions and candor of the gentleman him-
self in relation to the measures which have passed
I ask him, in all sincerity, if he does not consider the
sanction which has been this day given by Con-
gress to the unauthorized usurpation by the hordes
who occupied California, of the vast domains em-
braced by their constitution, and to the exclusion
by a proviso in the form of organic law, of all citi-
zens of theslaveholdmg States with their property,
from all participation in the enjoyment of this
modern El Dorado, an aggression and a wrong ?
Is it not in substance and operation the Wilmot
proviso, deriving its legal sanction and validity
only from the recognition of Congress? Is that
no aggression ? Is it no wrong, that the only la-
boring class in the world excluded for months past
and forever henceforth from participation m the
fertile resources and exhaustless mineral treasures
of that vast region, is the laboring class of one
half the owners ?—that we of the South alone with
our property are to have no share or lot in the I
treasures which are to be had for the digging, and
which are probably to enrich the marts and influ-
ence the destinies of the whole continent? I hold
this an outrage of the most direct and momentous
character. 1 appeal again to the gentleman. He
has declared by speech and vote that the title of
Texas to the whole of the territory east of the Rio
Grande, from its mouth to its source, was clear and
incontrovertible. ^Vas it no outrage and aggres-
sion that fifty thousand square miles of this terri-
tory should be purchased, to be transferred from
the jurisdiction of a slaveholdmg State, certain to
maintain our institutions, to the tender mercies of
this Government, controlled, as it confessedly is,
by an anti-slavery majority, or of the semi-civil-
! ized Indians and Mexican half-breeds who have
just manifested their determination to exclude us?
Even this is not all, for we and our constituents
are compelled to pay millions for the transfer
which thus privileges and insures our exclusion.
The gentleman has just seen the plain denial, even
in regard to the banen salt plains of Utah, of our
unobstructed right to enter with our slaves during
thk short period which is to intervene before States
are.to interpose against us the insuperable barriers
of organic law. Surely, he must admit that to be
a wrong.
Indeed, Mr. Chairman, I appeal with confidence
to the gentleman to say whether, by the series of
measures here adopted, he is not convinced the
South is effectually precluded from all participa-
tion in the vast territories acquired from Mexico.
Five years hence does he believe there will be a
slaveholder with his slaves anywhere in that im-
mense region ? Must it not all be dedicated to
free soil, and constitute hereafter free States? For
that territory we have fought and paid freely, gal-
lantly. It is common property, under the control
of a common Government. Is not our exclusion
from the whole gross wrong and aggression ?
The worst of all, Mr. Chairman, is, that these
things are all effected by this our common Govern-
ment, bound to afford us equality of right and pro-
tection. "Who does not feel that in this system of
measures there has been hostility and invidious
discrimination manifested against our section, its
property and institutions? The potent agencies
and influences of the Federal Government are ar-
rayed against us; and what greater wrong and ag-
gression can a government inflict on the free and
spirited? I know not how the gentleman from
Georgia can view this matter with equanimity. I
confess, with more even of sorrow than of anger,
that, m my poor judgment, by the consummation
of this series of outrages, the slaveholdmg States
will be lowered from their proud position of equal-
ity and dignity in ihis Confederacy, and subjected
hereafter to the oppression, if not to the scorn, of
their past equals, the free States of the North.
Mr. TOOMBS said: Mr. Chairman, I desire to
use a portion of the five minutes allowed me under
your ruie to comment upon an observation of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Seddon]
in reply to his colleague, [Gen. Bayly.] The
honorable gentleman seems to place his opposition
to this bill not so much upon its own defects as
upon the assumed fact that a series of measures
upon kindied subjects, in his judgment highly in-
jurious and distasteful to the South, have been
forced upon her by the North. I deny that the facts
warrant the assumption. Without now inquiring
into the merits of the measures referred to, I assert
that the leading one of those measures was forced
upon that gentleman and his friends, not by the
North but by the South, and not only by the
South, but by his own State. The North, by a
majority of twelve, voted agamst the Texan bound-
ary and New Mexican teiruoria! bill. The South,
by a majority of twenty-three, sustained the bill.
This was the free judgment of her own sons that
the measure in question did not compromit her
honor, her rights, or her safety. Virginia voted
eight for, to six against the bill. Therefore a ma-
jority not only of the South, but of the gentle-
man's own State, "forced" this measure upon
him. The remark of the gentleman can only be
justified on the assumption that he and his asso-
ciates alone are the " Sottl/i," and that nearly two
thirds of the Repres,en«iuves of the slaveholdmg
States in this House do not reflect the opinions or
maintain the interests of their constituents. We
join issue with the honorable gentleman, and are
ready to " put ourselves upon the country."
Mr. TOOMBS said: I have no hesitation in an-
swering the questions. 1 do not. The Texas
boundary bill i consider not only just but gener-
ous to Texas. She has a technical but not a mer-
itorious title to the country ceded. The nation is
complicated by its past enors and cannot dispute
this title with Texas; perhaps she may have as-
sumed inconsistent obligations. She therefore
tenders, with proper liberality, an honorable ad-
justment. The gentleman frum Virginia com-
plains; but the Representatives from Texas in
both Houses of Congress accept the pacification in
the spirit in which it is offered, and I doubt not
their acceptance will be gracefully ratified by their
constituents.
Upon the other question my opinion is equally
decided. I do not consider the admission of Cali-
