1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
fornia an aggression upon the South. The objec-
tions to the admission of California are numerous
and grave, sufficient to command my vote against
it; but they are not sectional. Thereasons ought
as strongly to control a Representative of Maine as
Georgia. And, in my judgment, none of those
objections would have been removed by the divi-
sion of the State. If 1 had been a northern man,
and desired to vote with reference to sectional
advantage, I would have accepted the proposi-
tion to divide California, with the confident ex-
pectation of getting two non-slaveholding States
instead of one. In my opinion, the gentleman is
indebted to the folly of his opponents forhisescape
from this result, in less than five years this de-
mand will be made, it will be granted, and it is
wore than probable that then the gentleman
and his present opponents will change sides.
The gentleman can make nothing by pressing
this California issue upon me. 1 have met it be-
fore—met it in a more authoritative shape than he
can present it. The Legislature of Georgia pre-
sented it to me in February last, and X met it, I
freely admit, with more decision than courtesy.
1 am now told on all sides that Georgia has spoken
upon this point. I deny it. Men who betrayed
her confidence have spoken for her: her pude, her
spirit, her courage, have been appealed to, to main-
tain the false position in which her enemies have
placed her. She will speak for herself: that voice
will have no terrors for me. Let those who have
attempted to complicate her honor " hear and
tremble." The gentleman has alluded to the res-
olutions passed at a recent meeting of the repre-
sentatives of the South. With an express under-
standing that there was no obligation to do so, I
have, nevertheless, voted to sustain each and
every one of its resolves. But 1 did not, and
neither has the meeting, made all or either of them
an ultimatum. From the first day of this session
to this hour,'I have had but one ultimatum. That
was—hostile legislation by Congress against our
property. That 1 have been, now am, and shall
ever be ready to resist. No man is more rejoiced
than I am that this alternative is not presented to
me by these bills. What I have conceded in these
bills is only what the honorable gentleman's
friends in the South have for the last two years
generally held was not only unnecessary, but al-
most treasonable to demand. 1 have not conceded
it to them—I have conceded it to the public will,
to the peace and tranquillity of the Republic, trust-
ing that if future events shall prove that those who
differed from me are wrong, a sense of national
justice, purified by the fiery ordeal through which
we have passed, will vindicate the right, and do
justice to my country.
Mr. WELLBORN moved to amend the amend-
ment, as follows:
Provided further, That the people of eaid Territory be al-
lowed to p,iss all Jawsnecessarylor the protection ot slavery
within said terntory, should slaves be introduced there.
Mr. W. said that it was his fortune to not agree I
fully with either of the honorable gentlemen who
had last addressed the committee. He could not
agree with his colleague [Mr. Toombs] in thinking
that no injustice had been done the South in either
of the two measures that, on yesterday and to-
day, had passed this House. He thought that
the South had suffered, and suffered disproportion-
ately, m supplying emigration to California, in
consequence of ihe anarchy permitted by this
Government to exist there prior to the formation
of her State constitution; and though he was con-
scious that the failure to extend the protection of
law over that section occurred somewhat in con-
sequence of its distraction and weakness, yet he
could not hold the Government blameless m the
matter. Again: he regarded the act of the day ad-
mitting her into the Union with all her chosen ap-
pointments, as being, in view of the historical
circumstances attending her progress from anarchy
into the Confederacy, a wrong to his section. He
differed very widely from the honorable gentleman
from the Richmond district [Mr. Seddon] in the
estimate he placed on the other great measure—
the Texas boundary and New Mexico bill.
In his judgment, in the precise condition of our
public affairs, a more necessary, reasonable, and
just, aye, sir, a more humane and oppoitune
measure was never passed by any Government.
He held himself prepared to make good this state-
ment on all proper occasions, and regretted that
he could not go into the subject more extensively
just now. He had heard with pain the combined
measure denounced as a purchase'of slaveholding
soil, to be converted into free soil, and this, too,
sir, with the purchase money of the seller. He
saw no free soil in the New Mexico bill, at least,
sir. He preferred to look to the subject m its ex-
tensive and associated aspects, and to him it bore
a very different complexion. Had we forgotten
that Texas was a vast slaveholding domain, that
had been added, on the motion of southern politi-
cians, to the Union, it is true, yet sectionally to
the South? Had we foigot that to hold on to the
connection, and perfect her claim to her full terri-
torial limits, by reducing it to possession, the nation
at large has expended near one hundred mil-
lions of dollars, and had gathered together on the
same battle-fields the kindred sons of every sec-
tion of the country? Are we at liberty to forget
that we have diverted into our coffers constantly-
accruing revenues of Texas, expressly pledged to
her creditors ? Is there nothing due to the neces-
sities and wishes of Texas herself on the point ?
And finally, have we, in our prosperity, lost all
sympathy for New Mexico, that we should sub-
ject her to unnecessary, if not ruthless dismem-
berment? One word more, sir, on the subject of
the purchase price. If, sir, New England and the
North, and the great Northwest, can come down
to meet the South in a common expenditure of ten
millions more on the sacred mission of extricating
the complicated and perilous issues involved, and
rescue our common country from possibly a com-
mon ruin, is it for the South—is it, sir, fbr the
honorable gentleman and myself, slaveholders and
Democrats as we are, to stand out? No, sir, 1
voted for the measure, and 1 stand by it.
Mr. SEDDON moved* to amend the amend-
ment by adding the'following:
"And to remove all restrictions to the free emigration of
persona with their property."
Mr. S. said: i am gratified, Mr. Chairman,
to find that to a modefied extent at least, I am
sustained by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Wellborn,] who has just spoken, in the convic-
tion that m respect to California, the South has sus-
tained greivous wrong. In this lespect I am pleased
to see that he cannot agree with his colleague, and
that even his well known moderation revolts at the
broad assertion that no injury has been .done us.
But on this point I have already spoken enough.
I rose to notice that portion of the gentleman's
remarks that related to Texas, t cannot under-
stand the surprise expressed by the gentleman
that any southern slaveholder should feel himself
at libeity to condemn the extraordinary course
that has been pursued by the North in relation to
the teintory acquired from Mexico, and especially
to that claimed by Texas, and now to be repur-
chased from her. If I comprehend the gentle-
man aright, he seems to suppose the South under
a great debt of gratitude to this Government for
having annexed Texas; and that as the war with
Mexico resulted from this measure of southern
po.licy, we should acquiesce in the North's now
engrossing the whole of the new territories, and a
large part of Texas in the bargain.
Now, sir, I by no means admit that Texas was
annexed as any favor to the South, or from ex-
clusive regard to her interests or safety. I recog-
nize no claim to southern gratitude, or to any
peculiar advantage by the North now from the
motives that influenced annexation. Had, indeed,
this Government sought that measure from exclu-
sive reference to the safety or defence of the South,
it would have done nothing more than its plain
duty, to guard and protect in our foreign relations
the interests of all portions of the Confederacy; and
among them so influential a section as the slave-
holding Stales. Even tiien there would have been
no especial favor—only a duty justly discharged.
But, sir, while the annexation of Texas was rec-
ommended at the South by considerations of safe-
ty, in the North and West it was advocated and
sustained on other grounds of interest peculiar to
those sections. It was emphatically a great nation-
al acquisition, advocated as stimulating tne manu-
facturing and commercial interests of the Noith,
and affording a market to the grain and provisions
of the West. By the Democracy everywhere in
the Union, it was supported and carried on broad
grounds of policy and expediency, and certainly
the South ought not m justice to be held specially
responsible for, or peculiarly benefited by it. In-
deed, I believe it has even more largely advanced,
in a pecuniary view, the great interests and pros-
perity of the North and West than of the South.
It was, too, I believe, a wise, just, and beneficial
measure of national policy, and I protest against
its adoption -being made any ground of special
responsibility to the South, in relation to the
Mexican war, or any claim of superior right
on the part of the North, in regaid to the territo-
ries acquired from Mexico. That war, too, I
trust is to be held, as it has been pronounced by
this Government, in all its departments, and by
the verdict of the Union, a just and righteous one,
and as such its responsibility is not to be cast as
matter of reproach or of disfranchisement on the
South. If it be not such, we are stigmatized befere
the world with the inextinguishable guiltof rapine
and oppression practiced on a feeble neighbor. No,
sir. The warwas justand righteous,andassuch it
ought to have engaged equally the resources, the
valor,and thesympaihiesofallourpeople. All were
to share its burdens, and equally participate in its
acquisitions. We of the South did our part manfully
and fully—all admit it. The valor and treasure of
our citizens were expended in large measure. And
now, sir, on every conceivable principle, are we
not entitled to equality of privilege and enjoyment
in the territories which constitute the prize of our
common victories and sacrifices? I deny all
claim of the North from any antecedents to the
war, or from any events in it to superior rights or
exclusive appropriation. We may indeed be ex-
cluded and debarred from all enjoyment, but
surely that is wrong and aggression enough with-
out the added drop of bitterness, commended by
a friend, too, that we have deserved it as the pun-
ishment of past demerit, or as the meed of unre-
quited favors due the North.
iVIr. HUBBARD said: Mr. Chairman, this
little dispute going on between the two gentlemen
from Georgia, [Messrs. Toombs and Wellborn,]
respecting the extent of injury inflicted upon the
southern people by these measures, after all that
has happened, both having voted for'payir.g Texas
ten millions, puts me in mind of the verdicts of
a jury once trying two men for fighting. It was
in proof that each had been badly beaten and
gouged. They severed in their trials. The jury
retured a verdict of not guilty as to the first. It
was agreed that the same jury might try the second
also, when every one expected he, at least, would
be severely fined and punished; but to the"aston-
ishment of all at court, the same jury, upon the
same proof, found the second man not guilty also.
Consequently, there had been no fight or wrong,
although both were nearly beaten to death. So it
seems is the fact in this case; for if both gentle-
men establish their positions before the country,
and there has been no wrong done to the South, "
although we have been nearly ten months trying
the matter, and notwithstanding, also, the South
has been deprived of all her inteiest m the newly-
acquired Mexican territory, for which she paid
her full share, and has been taxed her part of the
ten millions to pay Texas; and yet, according to
the argument of gentlemen, " little or no harm
has been done!" Nobody is guiliy!
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he had al-
ways thought it was a good policy for a party
when fairly whipped, to give up. It was well un-
derstood that they had made a fair fight, and had
conquered twice out of three times, but they had
been beaten at last. It would be the better plan
now to leave the matter to the people; if they were
satisfied, their representatives ought to be. The
gentleman from Virginia reminded him of a
valiant youth, who on the day succeeding the
battle of New Orleans, was seen busily loading his
gun and firing; and upon being asked what he
was doing, he replied that he was carrying on tho
war on his own hook, [a laugh.] He was for
turning over the matter to the people now, and
letting them dispose of it. He trusted that his friends
would yield the fight gracefully here. And, added
Mr B., so help me God, 1 am for resistance.
The question was taken on the amemlapnt to
the amendment, and it was, without a division,
negatived.
The question then recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Wellborn, it was taken, and decided in the
negative.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend by striking
out the following from the 9th section, viz:
" Except only that, in all cases involving title to slaves,
the said writs of error or appeals shall be ai.oived and deci-
