682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
to dispose of the question before it, the Chair
desires to state, that he has received a communi-
cation from Mr. Gentry, a member of the select
committee raised in the Galphin case, stating his
inability to attend the sessions either of the House
or of the committee at this time, and asking to be
excused from service on that committee.
iMr. BURT was understood to say, that he very
much regretted the necessity which induced the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] to ask
to be excused from service on the committee;
that he (Mr. B.) must yield to the request of that
gentleman, and would move that he be excused
from service, and that the vacancy be filled by
the appointment of another member.
It was so ordered, and the Speaker appointed
Mr. Breck, of Kentucky, to fill the vacancy.
PENSIONS.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
IV! r. FREEDLEY rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether it was in order to move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table ?
The SPEAKER said that motion would be in
order.
jMr. FREEDLEY made the motion.
Mr. CALVIN asked the Speaker to state the
question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, presumed,
he send, (addressing the Speaker,) that the motion
to l«y on the table the motion to reconsider (if it
should prevail) would not carry with it the joint
resolution.
-a The SPEAKER said, it would not carry the
resolution with it; and then stated the question to
be on the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution
had been ordered to a third reading.
jVlr. WILLI AIMS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Williams, of
Tennessee, and Mr.' Waldo, of Connecticut, were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote was
declared to be, ayes 70, noes 62.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays,
wluch were ordered.
Mr. DUER rose to inquire of the Speaker, if it
would now be in order to move that the House
resolve iiself into Committee of the Whole on the
. state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER said that the motion now be-
fore the House (being a motion to reconsider)
was, like the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, a privileged
motion; but that the motion indicated by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Duer,] could be
put by general consent.
Mr. DUER said, that with a view to give gen-
tlemen an opportunity to Jook into this joint
resolution, he would, by general consent, move
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Objection was made.
So the motion was not entertained.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution had
been ordered to a third reading, and resulted—yeas
86, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS—Met-srs. Albertson, Anderson, Andrews, Baker,
Bingiiam, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Breck, Bnygs, William
J. Biuwu, l uel,Chester Butler,E.Canii-gton C.ihell. Joseph
Cable, Calvin, Casey, Coiwm, J)i:berrj, Dickey, Di ney,
Doty, Dunham, Ourkt-e, Edimindson, Fieedley, Fuller,Gi!-
luoie, Gnodeimw, Gorman, (Jolt. HaraUwn", Harlan, l ham
G. h.iiij-, [Jay, lloaalrmd, Howe, Jones, Julian, ld Sfeie,
Leiflfi, Lull, lii.ld, Jul) Maim, McUernand, Mc-
Donald, aji-DmvHI, iMeGaughey, Rob- ri m Mc-l.mc, Fims
E McLean, Meade. Millei, Moor*', Mom.*, M r&e, Ogle,
Pear-lee, i'helps, Pitman, Potter, Rohbms, Robinson, Savage,
Schermuhorn, Shrp erd. Fiedunck P. Stanton, Alexander
II. Stephen-, Thaddcus Steven--, Stetson, Sweetset,Taylor,
Thomas, James Thompson, J.dm B. Thompson, William
Thompson, Toombs, Uude.liill, Venabl«, Walden, Waldo,
YVa.:km«, Wellborn, Weiuworth, Whittlesey, Williams,
Wood, ami Young—86.
NAYS—\ie>sr-. Allen, Alston, Averett, Bcale, Bennett,
BococU, Bovvlin, Bovd, Bui rows, Unit, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartier, Claik, Cleveland, Williamson
K. W. Cobb, Co!e, Conger, Crowed, Uixon, Duer, Evving,
Fowler, Gjiiy, G'ddmgo, Gnnncil, Hall, Hammond, Samp-
s >ti W. Harris, Thom.L Harris, Hajmond, H;nry, Hil-
Itaid, Hortaid, Hubbard, Inge, James Jackson, Roherl W.
John>on, Kaufman, George G. King, James G.King, John
A. Kins, Pre-ton King, Matteson. «\icKis>ock, McMullen,
McCiueeit, MeWiIhe, Me.u-h.im, Morulicad. Nelson, O.-r
C) IS!. P.irl.-or D„. IJ........ .« n..  r. _ . 'r-. >
Vinton, Wallace, White, Wilmot, Wilson, Wintlirop, and
Woodward—76.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurring on the passage of
the resolution,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that he
desired to move the recommitment of this joint
resolution; and, if in order, he desired that it
should be recommitted, with instructions to amend
it. He knew that it was out of order now to
move to amend the resolution; but he raised the
point, and would request the Chair to decide it,
whether the resolution could not be recommitted,
with instructions to change it; and, if it could be,
then he gave notice that he should move an amend-
ment, by way of instructions, which he would ask
might be read. He took it for granted, looking
tu the vote which had been given, that the House
had decided in favor of the principle of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ROBINSON addressed an inquiry to the
Chair, not heard by the reporter.
After a suggestion by Mr. JONES,
The SPEAtCER said, that after the joint reso-
lution had been ordered to a third reading, a mo-
tion to recommit, with instructions, was not m
order. The resolution could be recommitted to
the committee, but not with instructions to amend.
In the present state of the question, the House
could not amend the resolution, nor could they
amend it by recommitting it to the committee
with instt uctions.
The resolutioh was now beyond the reach of
amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he was
aware that the House could not amend the reso-
lution. He knew, however, that it was m order
to move its recommitment; and he did not know
any reason why &uch a motion should be m order,
unless th>i committee had power to change the bill
when thus recommitted to them. He took it for
granted, from the vote which had been given, that
the House was in favor of giving pensions to all
widows of soldiers who went to the war; and he
thought it would be just and proper that Congress
should not give any superiority or advantage to
the soldiers of the last war over the soldiers of all
other wars. He thought it would be right so to
amend the resolution as to include "widows and
orphans of such officers, soldiers, musicians, &e.,
of the war of the Revolution and of the war of
1812, who may have died either in actual service
or on parole, or should have died of any disease
contracted while m the service of his country in
either of those wars."
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired of the
Speaker whether this debate was in older ?
The SPEAKER said the question before the
House was on the passage of the joint resolution,
and the remarks of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] were in order.
Mr. THOMPSON. I am speaking directly to
the resolution, and wish to give my views upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (referring to the
amendment indicated by Mr. Thompson,) was un-
derstood to suggest, that the gentleman might as
well include the Black Hawk and Seminole wars.
Mr. THOMPSON said, he did not know why
the principle should not Lie earned to that extent,
if the resolution was to be passed. At all events,
he should insist upon the application of the prin-
ciple to the two wars designated an his amend-
ment.
Mr. KAUFMAN now suggested to the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] that, with
a view to allow at least one day for the examina-
tion of the resolution, he (Mr. T.) should give
way tor a motion that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. THOMPSON said, he would cheerfully
yield, it his right to the floor would be assured to
him when the subject next came up for considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER said, that the joint resolution
would come up as the unfinished business of the
morning hour, and the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Thompson] would be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. THOMPSON yielded the floor.
Mr. KAUFMAN thereupon moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
ori the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES said, he hoped the motion would
not be agreed to, until this joint resolution had
been disposed of.
CALIFORNIA.
The question then being on the motion of Mr.
Kaufman, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. ROBINSON askedj the yeas and nays,
which were refused.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative without a division.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the California question.
Mr. ROSS addressed the committee in opposi-
tion to the Wilmot proviso, both on constitutional
grounds and grounds of expediency; in advocacy
of the doctrine of non-interference; in opposition
to the admission of California; and in reply to
parts of the speech of his colleague, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] He deni-ed that the charges of southern ag-
gression were well founded, and contended that the
North had been the aggressor upon the constitu-
tional rights of the South in regard to slavery,
from the foundation of the Government to the pres-
ent time.
Mr. DUER followed, in favor of the admission
of California—expressing his confident opinion
that she would be admitted with her present con-
stitution—and in support of the principles of the
President's message in regard to the territories.
While he preferred to leave the other territories in
their present condition, and allow the inhabitants
when they came to form constitutions for their gov- .
ernment as States, to decide the question of sla-
very for themselves—a policy which he commended
as the best mode of settling the disputed ques-
tions between the North and the South, by doing
justice to all sections—he declared that if forced to
vote upon the establishment of a territorial govern-
ment, he should insist upon the proviso, in refer-
ence ro the delivery of fugitive slaves, and other agi-
tating questions between the North and the South,
he declared generally that he stood upon the plat-
form of the Constitution as it is—willing to abide by
all its compromises, and discarding all new com-
promises or equilibriums.
[ The speeches of both gentlemen will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. D. having concluded—
Mr. EW1NG obtained the floor, but yielded for
a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to report back a Senate
bill, which had been referred to that committee.
The reading of the title of the bill was called
for, and it was read as a bill " authorizing thepay-
ment of $12,000 to the Winnebago indians.
Objection was made.
So the bill was not reported.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of 43 citizens of the
the township of IMj mouth, Michigan, against Uie admission
of more slave States into the Union.
Ab>o, the petition of 46 citizens ot the same township, for
the establishment and protection of freedom in the teirito-
ries.
Also, the petition of the same township aforesaid, for the
repeal of all laws sustaining slaveiy in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Al-o, the petition of 47 citizens of the same town-hip, to
secure the right ot trial by jury to persons claimed as tu^i-
tivt, slaves. *
A No, the petition of 115 citizens of Union, Branch countv
Michigan, (or the repeal of ail laws su-taimng ^aveiy or the
slaw nade ia the Ui&tric ot Columbia.
A =o, the petition ot 52 citizens of Phelpstown, in the
State of Michigan, for the repeal of all laws sanctioning
slavery or the ^,ive trad^ m the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition ot 57 citizens ol the same township,
a kmg thru provision be made to give a trial by jury to per-
sons claimed as fugitive *-laves.
Also, the petition of 54 citizens of the same township,
pra>iug that slavery and the slave-trade may be prohibited
by express act of Congress in all the territories of the United
States.
Also, the petition of 53 citizens of the sam° township,
against the admission of any Suue into the Union, unless
slavery is expressly prohibited m the constitution.
