1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 9,
Mr. CLARKE asked the general consent to
offer a resolution, its object (he said) was to in-
crease the wages of the superintendent of the
folding room from $2 50 to $3 per day. The
Committee on Accounts, thought the pay he now
received inadequate to the responsibility of his
station, and the nature of his services. He hoped
the resolution would be adopted. It was read for
informotion:
Resolred, That the wages of Thomas Jr Clements, Su-
perintendent of the folding room, are not an adequate com-
pensation for the time employed, and the responsibility of
ihe station, and that his vva es he increased to three dollars
per day during ihe session of the present Congress.
No objection being made,
The resolution was received; and the question
being; on its adoption—
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
And that the Clerk of the House he directed to pay to
James C. Walker, during the 31st Congress, the usual pay
allowed to engrossing'clerks in his office, instead of the pay
of messenger which he now receives.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution as amended was adopted.
CUMBERLAND ISLAND.
Mr. EWING asked leave to offer the following,
resolution:
.Resolved, That the Senate hill No. 57, being a hill to im-
prove the navigation of the Ohio river at Ihe head of Cum-
berland Hand in said river, he made the special order for
Tuosdav the 1 Tib day of September at li in., and continue
from day to day at that hour until disposed of.
Objection was made.
Mr. EWING moved to suspend the rules for
the reception of the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is not this appropriation in-
cluded in the harbor and river bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
No conversation on the subject is in order.
The motion of Mr. Ewing was put, and re-
jected .
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules, and
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
He withdrew the motion temporarily.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he found in the mi-
nority report, which he had recently made from
the committee of investigation relative to claims al-
lowed by the late Secretary of the Interior, a page
was omitted; he asked leave to report an amend-
ment to supply the vacancy, and to have it printed,
lie also asked leave to correct an error in a name
included in the report.
JNTo objection being made,
The motion was agreed to.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
Mr.JP0YD. What is the first business in or-
der?
The SPEAKER. The call for petitions.
Mr. BOYD. 1 want to get at the business on
the Speaker's table. I hope no objection will be
made.
Objection was made.
Mr. BOYD moved a suspension of the rules, in !
order to proceed to the business on the Speaker's i
table.
The question was taken; nnd i
The Speaker counted—ayes 65, noes 50. j
Mr. BOYD. I demand the yeas and nays. l
Mr. VINTON. I would inquire what the bills
are ?
The SPEAKER. There are a large number of
bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BOYD. I have no hesitation to state what
is my object. It is to get at the fugitive slave bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 109, nays 58; as follow:
YEAS—Meters. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bokee, Bowdon,
Bowie, Boyd, breck, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Thomas B.
Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter,
Ca-ey, Clui^mari, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Deberry, Dim-
mick, Doty, Durkee, Edinundson, Alexander Evan?, Kwing,
Pitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Giddiug^, Green, Halt, Hamil-
ton, Haralson, Harlan, Kham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haymoncl, Kfibhard, Hilhard, Hoagfand, Hoiladay, Houston,
Howard, Jnz«s Joseph W.Jackson, Andrew Johnson, J.imi s
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman,
Kerr, La Ldfltr, Lpvin, Uulefitdd, Job Mann, Mc-
Clernand, McMullen. McQueen, MeWiihe, Meade, Mill-
son, Moor<\ Morehnari, Morton, Orr, Outlaw,Owen, Parker,
Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Richardson, Rose, Ross,
Savajje, Sawtelle, Seddon, Sheppord, Sprague, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Venable, Watrirn, Wal
do, Watktns, Wellborn, Wentworth, Wildricfc, Williams,
and Woodward—109. 5
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
i ntin-rtii, cjihh, ix. r uwji*r, r reeniey, uriimore, u
Gould, Halloway, Hampton, Henry, Howe, William T,
Jackson, George G. King, "James G. King, John A. King,
Preston Kins, M meson, MoKis.*oek. M-mia, Nelson, Ogle,
Ofds, Otis, Phoenix, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rumsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Stetson, Sweeper, Taylor, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, and
Vinton—58.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Pending the question—
Mr. HARRIS, ofTennessee, rose to a privileged
question, and moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution fixing a day for the final ad-
journment of Congress was adopted, and moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Which latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Bayly—
Mr. BAYLY further yielded at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who asked
and obtained leave to offer the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to, viz;
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper is hereby authorized to
have the desks, chairs, lock4-, &c., in the Hall of the House
of Representatives, repaired or renewed as heretofore, and
submit the hills for the same to the Committee of Accounts
for their inspection and approval.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Bayly—
Mr. KAUFMAN appealed to the gentleman
further to yield to allow him to offer a resolution.
iV3r BAYLY consented to yield, but gave notice
that he would not again.
The resolution of Mr. Kaufman was read for
information:
Resolved., That the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the fin {her consideration of the bill, No. 261, to author-
ize the President to incorporate the officers of the late
Texas navy into the navy of the United States, and that
 aid bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. HALL and many others objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I move a suspension of the
rules, and I trust the House will give me at least
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
And the question being taken, the motion to
suspend was rejected.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Bayly, was taken and agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bow-
lin in the chair.)
PAY AND MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to introduce the
following appropriation bill, which, after it has
been read, will make its own vindication.
The bill was read, as follows:
An act to supply a deficiency in the appropriation for pay
and mileage of members of Congress for the present ses-
sion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
tke United States m Congress assembled, That the sum of one
hunched and sixty thou>and dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise nppiopi iated, for the pay of mileage and per diem
of Senators, members of the House of Representatives, and
Delegates in Congress at the present session. j
Mr. BAYLY rose, and said: I move that the |
committee rise, and report the bill to the House. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, offered the fol- j
lowing amendment: i
For additional expense of stationery for members during i
the present session, ten dollars to each member, $2,330. j
Mr. J., in explanation, said that this amend- j
ment had been passed some time since in the civil j
and diplomatic appropriation bill. But he under- i
stood from the declarations of several members !
that this provision would not be applicable to the 7
present session. It was known that the law which '
provided for the payment of a certain amount of
money for stationery, to be used in the public service, !
was designed to apply to a session of reasonable du-
ration. But the length of the present session had
been wholly unreasonable. The stationery of a
large majority of the members had already run out,
and they were now paying for the ink and paper
which was expended here in the public service.
It was never .designed that matters of this kind
should be provided for at the personal expense of
the members. The object of the original limita-
tion was, that abuses connected with these inci-
dental expenses should be corrected.
Mr. JONES suggested to Mr. Johnson to add
the sum of of $2,330 to the bill, as the amount re-
quired by his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON did so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMPTON sent an amendment to the
Chair, which does not appear to have been acted
upon, for the Reporter could hear nothing of it af-
terwards.
Mr. OLDS offered the following amendment, to
come in at the end of the original bill:
Provided, That the Senators and Representatives from
California be allowed the same mileage as the Delegate from
Oregon, and no more.
The amendment having been read 
j Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He submitted that the amendment
proposed to change an existing law, and that ex-
isting permanent laws could not be changed in an
appropriation bill.
Mr. CARTTER submitted that the subject of
the mileage of these gentlemen was within the
control of Congress, and that the same power
which had legalized their claim3 to seats could
regulate their pay.
Some irregular conversation followed beetween
Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, Cartter and
Hunter, when
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be in order.
Mr. ORR appealed from the decision.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested to Mr. Olds
to withdraw his amendment." There Was (Mr..
McC. said) a general jaw authorizing per diem and
mileage, which comprehended these cases as effect-
ually as that of his own, or any other member.
Mr. OLDS did not withdraw.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was affirmed.
The question being on the amendment—
Mr. OLDS modified it so as to strike out the
per diem.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, proposed to
amend the amendment, as follows:
"And that the sum of §50,000, in addition to the sum
already provided for in the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, be and the same is hereby appropriated to enable
the Clerk to pay for the books ordered to be purchased for
the new members of the present Congress."
Mr. FOWLER inquired whether the sum des-
ignated was found to be necessary ?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said, if the
eommittee would permit him he would briefly ex-
plain. He understood that the Clerk was not au-
thorized to purchase any of books provided for by
the appropriation, unless he can procure the whole
of them for the sum named in the appropriation
bill.
The Clerk informs me that it is utterly impos-
sible to do so; hence the necessity for this addi-
tional appropriation.
Mr. FOWLER wished to make a further in-
quiry, whether this appropriation would cover all
the expenses?
Mr. STANTON. This, in addition to what
has been already appropriated by the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, will be sufficient.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the
House had already appropriated, upon an estimate
made by some gentlemen, $30,000. He supposed
the object was to make an additional appropria-
tion, so as to make the aggregate fSO.OOO. He
j wished the committee to recollect, tnat when the
j civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was under
I consideration, they had expressly refused to ap-
; propiiate $80,000; yet it was now proposed to m-
! crease the appropriation to that amount.
| Mr. VINTON desired to know upon whose es-
] timate this appropriation was proposed ? It bad not
] been before the Committee of Ways and Means,
to whom it should regularly have gone^and been
investigated there, and been reported by them.
Mr. FOWLER, in reply to the inquiry of Mr.
Vinton, slated, that if he understood the mailer
correctly, the Clerk had the charge of expending
this appropriation, of purchasing the books. The
Clerk assured him that unless this additional ap-
propriation of §50,000 were made, he could not
purchase these books. This additional appropua-
tion would be sufficient.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, stated that at
the time the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
