1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mo
was under consideration, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] had estimated that the pur-
chase of these books would require $85,000.
Mr. JONES said: In the Twenty-eighth Con-
gress, when there were one hundred and fifty new
members, $87,600 were appropriated for these
books; in the Twenty-ninth Congress, §72,300;
and in the Thirtieth Congress, in which there
were some one hundred arid twenty-three new
members, $79,000 and some hundreds. This
item for books was increasing- every year, and it
would require at least $80,000 or $85,000 this
year to pay for these books. When this subject
was up as an amendment to the civil and diplo-
matic bill, he had stated these facts, and moved to
make the appropriation #80 000. He had then
said he was opposed to making the appropriation;
but if the House expected to distribute these
books, they ought to come up and make the ap-
propriation necessary to buy them. The commit-
tee at that time put in the appropriation, and from
some cause or other, from some freak, afterwards
struck it out, and inserted $30,000, with the con-
dition, that if the books could not be bought for
that, they should not be bought at all, and if full
sets could not be procured, none should be. They
could buy all these books, if they wanted them;
and if they intended to have them, the House
should come up boldly, and make the appropria-
tion; and they might as well do it in one bill as
in two or three.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said he had a
conversation with the Clerk on this subject a few
days ago, who had assured him that it was ut-
terly impossible for him to purchase these books
and carry out the order of the House, unless the
appropriation was increased. A full set of these
books costs some six hundred and thirty dollars.
There were one hundred and twenty memhers to
supply: one hundred and twenty multiplied by
$680, would make about $80,000, as any gentle-
man could see. Hence it was very easy to deter-
mine the necessary amount of the appropriation.
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, I deem
this a proper occasion to speak to the whole bill
as well as to the amendments. There is a pro-
vision in that bill to pay for the mileage and per
diem of the Senators and members from the State
of California. That State has been, by the vote
of both Houses of Congress, admitted into the Con-
federacy. Whatever may have been my course
as to that measure, self respect, as well as respect
for this House, induce me to forbear any re-
marks concerning it. But there is a question of
great importance involved in the action which we
shall take, as to the right of those who are now
here as Representatives from that State, claiming
a seat in this House. I assure the committee that
it is not my purpose to offer any factious opposi-
tion to their claim. The Constitution itself pre-
sents the difficulty to my mind, and i would be
obliged to any gentleman who might remove it.
If they are entitled to seats, I will gladly accord
them their rights. But, sir, there is so much ap-
parent irregularity and unconstitutional action in
reference to their election, that I am, with my
present views, compelled to conclude that they are
not entitled to the rights of members of this
House. I have raised the question now, with the
double purpose of opposing a provision for their
pay and mileage, and to bring the subject before
the House, that it may be acted on when they ap-
ply to be qualified and take their seats.
The Constitution provides, in the fourth section
of the first article, that " the times, places, and
4 manner of holding elections for Senators and
4 Representatives shall be prescribed in each State
* by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may,
4 atany time, by law, make or alter such regulations
4 except as to the place of choosing Senators." Now,
sir, the formation of the government of California
wasarevolutionary act;and whilst Ifully admitthat
we may waive the irregularity, and acknowledge
her sovereignty, and admit her into the Confed-
eracy, her rights as one of the States accrue at the
time of such acknowledgment and admission.
They had no previous existence, and I suppose
none will assume that California could be a State,
in the sense now under consideration, until de-
clared so by the concurrent action of the legislative
authority of the United States. As to the right of
the Senators elected by the Legislature of Califor-
nia to seats in the Senate, I have no remark to
make, for the Constitution provides, that " each
House shdl be judge of the elections, returns and
qualifications of its own members." But as to the
right of those said to be elected to represent Cali-
fornia in this House, I feel assured that none of
the requisitions of the Constitution have been
complied with. They were elected ootempora-
neously with the members of the first Legislature
of California. Neither the time, places, nor man-
ner of that election had been prescribed by the
Legislature of California, for no such Legislature
had ever existed. No time, place, or manner had
been recognized by law; and however we may
legalize, and waive any revolutionary action in the
formation of a State, and thereby pass a law of am-
nesty in relation to that action, we are by the
Constitution forbidden to waive a clear provision
which regulates and prescribes the mode in which
Representatives are to be chosen. The power re-
served to Congress in this article to alter by law
the regulations as to the times, places, and manner
which have been prescribed by the Legislatures of
the States for the election of Representatives, was
manifestly for the purpose of securing the election
of Representatives, should any State refuse to make
those necessary for that purpose, and had refer-
ence to existing States and existing Legislatures,
as well as existing and unsatisfactory regulations.
California is not now a State, unless the President
has signed the bill. Therefore, Congress could
not alter regulations existing in California, for
none such exist. Neither could Congress make
any law regulating elections there even for terri-
torial purposes before a territorial government was
formed. The election, then, in California was
without authority of law—before the existence of
the first Legislature—under no regulation of any
Legislature as to time, place, or manner, and
therefore, utterly void. Should we assume the
power to give them seats as members, we at once
assert the right to fill vacancies in our own
bodies, and to select the members who are to
take seats on this floor. Suppose, sir, a person
should claim a seat here by virtue of a popular
election in any of the States, and it should ap-
pear that he was elected by the unanimous vote
of the whole district, but on a different day and
at a different time and place than that prescribed
by the law of his State. Would you admit him
to a seat here? If no contestant for his seat ap-
peared, but it was manifest on his commission,
or the House was informed by evidence de hors
that commission that those irregularities existed,
would you admit him? Sir, there is profound
wisdom in this provision of the Constitution. It
was to prevent popular elections from becoming
mobs; it was intended to prevent anarchy and
confusion when the citizen went to exercise his
highest and most valuable right; it was a recog-
nition of State sovereignty in the great business of
regulating the elections which take place within
her borders. Assume the right of receiving the
claimants for seats here from California, and in a
short time refractory minorities will be expelled
by majorities, and their places filled by acquies-
cing and submissive tools. We shall soon reach
the point at which the recent convention in New
Mexico commenced in purgingour House of mal-
contents, and supplying their places with those
who will aid the purposes of a majority.
Mr. VINTON. Will the gentiemangive way
for a moment ?
Mr. VENABLE. Certainly.
Mr. VINTON. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, that the proper time for
his objection is when the members from Catifor- |
nia present themselves to be qualified and take :
their seats. The question of their right to pay and i
mileage will arise hereafter, and then it would be j
proper to pursue his inquiry. •
Mr. VENABLE. My purpose is to raise the .
question both now and at that time. I would ;
gladly be relieved from the difficulty, but it is so j
apparent in the Constitution, that I feel compelled
to call the attention of the committee to the sub-
ject. I did not know whether I should be in the
House when they were presented, and the import-
ance of preserving the sources as well as the ma-
chinery of representation from corruption on the
one hand, and abuse on the other, is so urgent that
I have felt called upon to submit my views on the
present occasion.
Mr. SCHENCK, (Mr. Venable giving way.)
By the permission of the gentleman from North
Carolina, I would suggest that in the case of Texas,
we provided by th'e articles of annexation for the
admission of two members from TeXas, before
Texas became a member of the Confederacy, «mi
that they were accordingly elected and admitted*
Mr. VENABLE, (admitting the historical cor-
rectness of the statement of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck ] There is no relief from
the difficulty. Texas was an existing State, a sov-
ereignty acknowledged by us and the nations of
the world at the time of annexation. She was not
in an inchoate and revolutionary state. Her or-
ganization was complete, and she came in by a
quasi treaty. But the facts as to Texas are these:
By the articles of annexation she formed a con-
stitution, provided for a Legislature, which was
elected under that constitution, which passed laws
regulating the time, place, and manner of electing
members of Congress, who were accordingly
elected, and came here and claimed seats, and ob-
tained them, under the articles of annexation.
Texas was a State, and recognized as such, ac-
cepted the resolutions of annexation, which were
laws passed by Congress, and perfected her claim
under them. Sir, there is much of serious import-
ance in this question. The great principles of a
representative government are fixed in the article
of the Constitution to which reference is made.
If these claimants of seats here are admitted, we
shall have established a precedent which author-
izes a majority of Congress to override the"Con-
stitution, choose its own members, and ^finally
provide for its own perpetual existence. Any cit-
izen of California is as much entitled to a seat here
as those who, without any law regulating their
election, come here with their credentfals. The
convention which made the constitution of Cali-
fornia was not the Legislature of California. It
was a convention for the adoption of a constitu-
tion providing for the Legislature which was to
enact regulations fixing the time, place, and man-
ner of electing Representatives and Senators to
Congress. I trust, sir, that the little that is left of
the Constitution which has not been trodden down
and disregarded, may be yet respected—that its
provisions may not become literally a dead letter.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise—
with the view (he said) of offering in the House a
resolution to terminate debate.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported.
Mr. BAYLY moved a resolution in the usual
form, providing for the termination of the debate
jn Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union'in one minute.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee re-
sumed its session, (Mr. Bowlin in the chair.)
The quesiion, being on agreeing to the amend-
ment to the amendment, was taken, and decided in
the affirmative.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended—
Mr. FITCH. Is the amendment now open to
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FITCH. I offer the followingamendment
to the amendment, to come in after the first pro-
viso, viz:
"And provided also, that Hu«h N. Smith, Delegate from
New Mexico, and Alrnon W. Babbit, Delegate from CJuh, be
allowed the same amount for mileage, which is allowed to
the Delegate from Oregon."
Mr. F. said, he believed it was customary to pay
the contestant for a seat his mileage at least, if not
his per diem. Others could speak from the book;
he could not. He desired to see the Delegates paid
mileage, thinking, as he did, that they were enti-
tled to seats. Those who agreed with him in this
latter opinion would of course vote to pay their
mileage.
Mr. SWEETSER rose to a point of order, and
said, that the amendment had no connection what-
ever with the bill, and the House knew nothing of
such persons as Delegates from Utah and New
Mexico.
The CHAIRMAN overruled thepointof order,
and decided the amendment in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
whether the amendment was open to amendment?
No response was heard fr6m the Chairman.
Mr. ALBERTSON suggested to his colleague,
[Mr. Fitch,] that a resolution had already passed,
giving Mr. Miller his mileage.
Mr. FITCH said, he would modify his amen*}-
