1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I raise a question
upon the reception of that petition. I feel deterred
from adding a single word to the eloquent, manly,
and patriotic remarks which have fallen, a few
minutes ago, from the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I thmk, sir, that these remarks will
travel to the different portions of this country, as
well as other remarks he has made upon this ex-
citing question, and that, coming from an individ-
ual who has served the country long and faithfully,
who has now arrived at that stage when his ambi-
tion must be only to depart in peace and see his
country restored to quiet and happiness, will have
great weight and effect. I cannot believe—I have
refused to • express the belief—that there is a
majority in the free States of this Union that coun-
tenance the incendiary measures with which we
are constantly annoyed, but which can have no
other effect on the face of the earth than to alienate
one section of the country from the other, and to
make us enemies instead of friends.
Why, sir, the day before yesterday the petition
which I hold in my hand was presented, and
doubtless hundreds of others will follow in its
train, asking the Congress of the United States to
enroll the slaves of the slave States in the militia.
Well, sir, what would follow after the enrollment,
what would be the consequence of placing arms
in their hands? To what would it lead? Does
not everybody know that incendiary publications
and incendiary speeches are circulated all over
this broad land with the intention of exciting that
class of population to insurrection ? Every rea-
sonable man must see that it would have that
effect upon them. In what condition does this
place one section of this Union ? I have made no
advances to the North; 1 have made no addresses
to her fears m this controversy. I have asked
nothing except from her patriotism. Do these
petitions represent the feelings of the North? Do
the representatives who consume time in creating
excitement, and then taunt southern Senators with
replying to their speeches, do they represent the
feeling of the North ? I trust in God that they do
not. If they do, what will be the consequence? It
is intended, or at least seems to be intended, to
produce precisely what I have stated; and, if evil
consequences follow, we cannot go back and
relieve ourselves from them by looking at the
good intentions of the men who have produced
the mischief. The effect of this course is to appeal
to the slaves which I have at home, to rise and
burn my house and massacre my wife and children.
And this is bravery! God deliver me fiom such
bravery. This is boldness! If this be a consci-
entious discharge of our duty to our God, if this
be manifesting a proper degree of nerve and bra-
very, then have I reflected and learned from others
older than myself to but very little purpose.
Sir, I will not proceed further. I hope, I pray
of God that these things may cease. 1 appeal to
those who agitate them, and if I thought 1 could
be heard among their constituents, I would call
upon the freemen of the North to rise up and at
once rebuke this sectional feeling, which must, if
it go on, end in making us the bitterest of enemies.
If, sir, upon my return from my seat, I should
find my house in ashes, my wife and children
massacred, though I have not much bravery—none
to boast of; I trust 1 have enough, however,
always to conduct myself properly with all man-
kind—! would feci that I had disgraced the name
of man if I did not consider the incendiary villain
that had stirred up such mischief in my domestic
circle as my enemy. And if I did not, as long as
a drop of blood coursed in this good right arm,
treat him as such, I should consider, sir, that I
had degraded the form of man. I ask, in conclu-
sion, that this petition may be read.
The Secretary read the petition as follows:
To the Senate and House of Rep e^entatives of the United
htates of Jiineriat:, in Congress atsnnblah
We tile umleioi'.'ned. citizensot the county of Ontario,in
the St-.t.' ot New York, m view of the piovisions and tuia-
nroiuistsol the Con.-tiuitioii enjoining upon the people ol
the several States of till.- Union an equality ot binders
m-iVs-an to the maintenance of a central government,
n oi.ld call the attention ot Confess to the pie^ent inequality
in the miiltaiy system ot the Union. In the enrollment of the
nation,li miliua,°ii di-tmctionisinailc, win lebj a 1,use class,
numb ung more than three millions ot p-ople, ;,ie eullely
exempted fiom emollment and liutitaiy duty. Plus l.iigt
ei.i" ies:iiingeni(-tlvmthe sour/iei n State-, tin cl.u-l buiik-n
ot the -v-tenf, ami <>! the national defence, in ea-e of nisui-
reetiou or invasion, is d.iown upon the noithem Htate^ In
ca-.es ot insmrectinn or invasion, the whole power of the
Noith may be called upon to defend toe South; but we
respectfully submit, that m similar cases occurring at the
North, our reliance upon the aid of our southern btethren
must, owing to the inequality to which we have referred, be
extremely limited, if notutteily vam. We respectfully in-
sist that all the burdens and obligations of the people ot the
several States ought to be, in all respects, equal and mutual.
We, the undersigned, therefore respectfully but earnestly
ask and ni&iut that your honoiable body will immediately
remedy this inequality, by the passage ot a law tor the en-
rollment of the militia ot all the States, winch shall mcludc
all classes of persons, without any distinction of color or
condition ; and your petitioners, &c;
Mr. RUSK. This petition was presented and
laid upon the table the other day without my noti-
cing it.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I stand somewhat peculiarly
related to this subject. The other day 1 felt satis-
fied—what is fully confirmed this morning—what
would be the consequence of lelaxing the rules
by which petitions ot this kind were excluded, or
rather not received. Scarcely had the fires of sec-
tional excitement burnt down and become some-
what smothered, before this morning we see a
member representing a sovereign State in part,
pouring them in here, as he would fuel, to kindle
a fire which all must see is putting in jeopardy the
institutions of this country. Mr. Piesident, sup-
pose the entire northern population should become
affected like these petitioners, and should use lan-
guage and indicate views such as are expressed in
this petition, could the southern people live with
them as brethren? Then what is the object ot
these petitions ? It is either to insult those asso-
ciated with them under a common compact, or to
excite and spread a public opinion at the .North
that would assimilate the opinion of the entire
population at the North to the opinions expressed
in this petition. My friend from Texas says, Uod
grant that the progress of this thing may be ar-
rested; but, Mr. President, i am alraid i utter a
truth when I say that that progress is not destined
to be arrested. Sir, two of the most distinguished
Senators on this floor have exerted their voices and
their influence to an est it, and what has been the
consequence? It has brought down upon the
JNestor of the Senate, as the {Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] is sometimes termed, a system-
atic attack from different quarters. And wnat has
been the fate ot the distinguished Senator irom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.] Why public
meetings have been held, and he has been de-
nounced in every form, and for what ? For avow-
ing the broad duty of good faith in compliance with
treaties and the compromises of the Constitution.
Sir, that very influence of which 1 have been speak-
ing is exerted through this body, and the Senate
of the United States is made the heart from which
this poison is to circulate throughout every part of
the land. And there are those here who minister
to that feeling by making themselves the instru-
ments to present these petitions, to get up this
public opinion, for the denunciation ot one part ot
the United States, or with a view to organize a
party in another, by which they are to array them
ill a hostile attitude towards each other. Arid yet
when southern gentlemen rise and complain of
this; it is little less than treason, according to the i
press of the North, and according to the view of j
some of these gentlemen themselves. Moderate |
men rise and appeal to the Constitution and are j
reprobated. Men more interested rise and express !
themselves moie wai mly. But all are denounced.
Constant attrition, Mr. President, will wear away [
the solid rock; and tins continued dnpping from !
the abolition fountains—polluted fountains as tliey
are—has already made an linpiessioii of something
more tharimeie attrition. And yet these petitions
will continue to conic, and i knosv of no way of
avoiding it; and as 1 said the other day, let them
come, and with them let the issue come. Let the
issue come1 For 1 repeat it is impossible, until
we create an issue, and one that will put the Union
m jeopardy, to have an adjustment ot these ques-
tions. Let the issue come, then, I again repeat.
Mr. FOOJTE. I must conless that 1 am not so
much excited on this occasion as several- of my
beloved inends here, or as 1 have been myself
upon seveial former occasions, i rather think,
sir, that the action which has been commented
upon—the intioduction of certain petitions here,
and the agitation kept up m connection therewith—
is simply a part of the policy ot a certain class of
politicians in the .North, with the view to the cul-
tivation (as we have heretofore had very broadly
admitted before us) of a sort of local popularity,
with a view to their own personal advancement.
I do not believe, indeed I feel assured to the con-
trary, that in the States of the North there is such
a condition of public sentiment as will justify the
movements of certain persons, here and elsewhere,
upon the questions referred to. Nor has anything
which has occurred this morning induced me to
believe that the Union is in greater danger to-day
than it was on yesterday, or the day before yes-
terday. The old saying is, that the darkest pe-
riod of the night is just before day, and 1 trust,
sir, that the morning of our deliverance is now
i dawning upon us, and that the period of darkness
and gloom has well nigh terminated. Mr. Presi-
dent, if honorable gentlemen are really persuaded,
as I know they are, that the Union is m such se-
rious danger, and with it the prosperity and hap-
piness of all these States, they ought to feel, and
doubtless do feel—indeed I know they do feel—
still more strongly inclined to adopt some plan of
fraternal patriotic compromise or adjustment, by
whatever name they may choose to designate it,
which may rescue the Republic from peril, put
down faction and factionists, and secure a triumph,
to sound principles and their patriotic advocates,
over their fierce and unscrupulous adversaries,
who have banded themselves together for pur-
poses which all good men must condemn, and aid
m defeating. 1 gloiy, sir, in reflecting that this
body has it in its power, in a certain mode, to
apply a most efficient corrective to this accursed
evil of agitation; a corrective that my mind has
deliberately contemplated heretofore, and in refer-
ence to which my judgment has long since been
fully made up. I repeat, sir, that this body has
a conservative remedy under the Constitution,
which may be used to some extent for the pur-
pose of suppressing this agitation, and to relieve
the country from those evils which have been
so clearly depicted, and so strongly and justly
reprobated this morning. To be entirely explicit,
1 will say that I, for one, let other gentlemen do
as they please, intend to look hereafter, at the
right time, and in a proper spirit, to all the nomi-
nations for office that may be presented to us lieie-
after, as well as those now before us, in Older to
ascertain the precise influences undei which they
have been made, and upon whose recommendation
the nominees have been so fortunate as to obtain
the favor of the Executive. 1 intend to look back
to all the facts connected with such nominations,
and to ascertain for myself and for my constitu-
ents, whether certain influences of a malign and
dangerous character have been at all associated
with any such nomination. I intend to ascertain
if these nominees, or their principals, stand con-
nected with any of the attacks which have been
made upon certain distinguished patriots and
statesmen here, on account of their laudable efforts
to vindicate the dignity of the Constitution, to lend
their aid, as they .have done, to a scheme of paci-
| fication or compromise, to relieve the country from
j existing peiil,and to establish our institutions upon
I a still firmer foundation than they now occupy. I
: intend, for one, if I can, to ascertain whether any
| man nominated for a high or a petty office, stands
! affiliated closely with any individual, prominent
! or otherwise, here or elsewhere, who has exercised
I an influence in getting up these attacks upon high
character, or is in the least degree responsible tor
; any of these malign and unprincipled attacks made
upors distinguished statesmen here. I say that i,
\ for one, upon the ascei tauinient of such facts, in-
tend to use the conservative remedy which the
Constitution has given to us, for the purpose of
, defeating such nomination, and teaching the per-
sons to whom* i have alluded a sound practical
' lesson, which 1 have reason to believe will not be
■ entirely lost upon them, nor wholly unprofitable
to the country. I will never consent that any poi-
tion of the official influence of this Republic shall
be exercised in opposition to the Constitution, to
, the injury of revered patriots, and for the over-
i throw of those noble institutions which our vener-
ated forefathers have bequeathed to us. i con-
;! sider it my most solemn duty, in refeience to this
l| whole matter, to apply this corrective fearlessly,
ji promptly, unsparingly, and, if possible, effica-
jj ciously; and 1 have made this formal announcement
I' with the hope that it may have a salutarjrjnfluence
j, even here. 1 make no special personal allusion,
|i of course, to any member of our own body—this
ji would be unparliamentary—but I do trust that
