THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1850.
New Series No. 44.
be sent to the different States, ten thousand dol-
lars will not*be sufficient to defray the expense of
the work. It will cost, I am advised, fifty thou- !
sand dollars at least; and if 1 am mistaken m this, ■
I trust the chairman of the committee will correct
me. I merely mention this for the purpose of
showing that the. interpretation given to the law
by the Senator from Maryland is incorrect. If
Congress had intended to give to the census board
power to make a contract for printing, they would
have made an appropriation sufficient to cover the
expense. Hence I return to my former position,
that the object of creating the board was that they
should go no further than to institute inquiries,
and report the result of those inquiries to Congiess,
and the question of the census in all its bearings
would then come before us at this session for set-
tlement. Therefore, I think it is entirely proper
to give that direction to this subject that will tax
the Treasury the least, without any reference to
the action of this board; for I contend that if they
have been making contracts with A, B, or C, they
do not find authority for it under the act which
constitutes the board.
Mr. HALS. I would suggest that we are wast-
ing a great deal of time unnecessarily; because
whatever action we may take on the subject of
printing, the printers will have pretty much their
own way. I will give an illustration of the way
in which they manage. We had a pamphlet
printed at the last session at a cost of twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars for ten thousand copies,
being at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per copy. This too was under a contract,
which was declared to be so low that the contract-
ors wanted to get off. It makes no sort of'diller-
eice, sir, what laws we pass, we shall be plucked;
the public chest will be robbed; we shall £>e swin-
dled. It is only lost lime therefore to debate about
this printing, for they will have the money, as they
got-the twelve thousand five hundred dollars for a
work which was not worth more than five or six
hundred dollars. We may as well submit to it,
for we shall be plucked in the end; and if they do
not get their money they will come here with
claims for meritorious services fifty years hence,
and then we shall have to pay interest upon it.
Mr. SMITH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has a very compendious method of arguing
the subject. It may be veiy correct in the general
view of it, but it has very little to do with the
particular matter under consideration now. The
main ground of anxiety, which I have on this sub-
ject, is based upon the full and satisfactory belief
that if this amendment prevails, it will amount
substantially to a defeat of the bill. My friend
from Indiana says, that the rule we are about to
make on this subject, settles inevitably the ques-
tion of printing—the ultimate printing of what is
usually denominated the census. Well, sir, that
is not in the amendment of my friend; that amend-
ment is limited to the preparatory printing. In
the bill or substitute of the Senator from Georgia,
there is nothing about printing, one way 01- the
other. It makes no provision for the printing of
what is usually called the census, and in regard
to the original biU—I mean the one reported by
the chairman of the committee, who does not seem
distinctly to recollect how it stood—when it was
reported to the Senate, it made provision, in the
firat place, for the preparatory printing, and in the
next place, for the ultimate printing of what is usual-
ly called the census. When the bill was before the
Senate for the first time—so long ago that it seems
to have been forgotten in a great degree—that part
of the bill which provided for the ultimate print-
ing of the census, was stricken entirely out; the
object of the Senate in striking it out being, to
leave the regulation of the matter to Congress at
the next session. It will be a question of very
considerable importance whether it shall be let out
by contract or not. I say that in the original bill,
there is nothing that relates to the subject of print-
ing, except to preparatory printing; and when that
clause of the bill was under consideration, the Sen-
ate decided that it would not. put it out by contract.
Now we have the bill of the Senator from Georgia—
44
whoseabsence we all lament—and there is nothing
in that bill about printing, either one way or the oth-
er; and the reason why he did not put into that bill a
provision for the preparatory printing was, be-
cause he was of opinion that adequate provision
was already made on that subject, in the law that
was enacted at the last session of Congress. I
have that law before me, but as it has been already
commented on by the Senator from Maryland, I
need not comment upon it. I repeat, the Senator
from Georgia, being of opinion that this law made
all requisite provision for the preparatory printing,
did not deem it necessary to say anything on the
subject. Well, what is the law? It is', that it
shall be the duty of the census board to prepare,
and cause to be printed, the necessary forms for
taking the census. Something, then, was to be
done. I do not say that they were authorized to go
forward and print the census tables before Con-
gress had recognized those tables. I do not raise
now the question whether their deliberation in the
formation of these tables was, or was not, to be
conclusive, as my friend from Maryland asserts.
He may be right upon that point. But here is a
provision in this law which declares it shall be the
duty of this board to prepare certain forms, and
cause them to be printed. They understood that
they were to have them printed when they had
them ready for printing.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) It was done, to-
gether with the instructions.
Mr. SMITH. I thank my fiiend from Massa-
chusetts for the suggestion. There is other pre-
paratory printing besides that of the tables. I here
are instructions to go to the deputy marshals.
They have been authorized to make this contract,
and they have done it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would inquire of the Senator
from Connecticut whether he concludes that the
law which I read gives to this boaid the auihority
to make contracts, not only for the census forms,
but for the printing of all the forms after the in-
formation is collected ?
Mr. SMITH. I am sorry to be so unfortunate
as not to be understood on this point, after having
been so unusually explicit.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understood the Senator to be
speaking of the opinions of the Senator from Geor-
gia, and not of his own.
Mr. SMITH. I said that, in regard to that
printing which is ordinarily denominated the cen-
sus printing, there is no authority existing bylaw
authorizing this board to make a contract with any
human being on earth. It has no more power over
this subject than has mv honorable friend or my-
self. Nor is there anything of the sort in the bill
reported by the chairman of the committee; there
was originally, but it has been stricken out; it
simply provides for the preparatory printing.
And when, sir, we find it provided that it shall be
the duty of the board to prepare certain tables and
cause them to be printed, can there be any doubt
as to their power to make a contract. Sir, I am
sure I am not actuated in the slightest degree by
any desire to favor any printing establishment in
this city. I have a sole regard to what 1 believe to
be the. public interests; and I feel perfectly satisfied j
that if this matter be thrown into the hands of j
printers it will inevitably fall through, and we
might as well abandon it at once.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish merely j
to make one remaik. The Senator from Connec-
ticut has misapprehended me. 1 said thpre were
two kinds of printing provided for in the bill.
The one is merely preparatory, and the other is
the main body of the printing after the census re-
turns shall have been made. I know very well
that the Senate has expressed a determination not
to make any provision now for the publication of
the compendiums or returns; that is lett for luture
legislation. And ths question now before Con-
gress, as the Senator from Indiana says, is the dis-
position of the tables and all other preparatory
printing. What I mean to say to my friend from
Indiana is, that the preparatory printing is left to
the census board, and the printing of the eensus
proper is to be let out to the lowest bidder, accord-'
ing to the provisions of the existing law.
Mr. KING. I confess that I do not entirely
understand the argument of nny honorable friend
from Connecticut. He reads the law to show that
the census board are authorized to prepare the
proper tables and cause them to be printed. Well,
sir, for what purpose? Certainly to present them
to Congress, to bring them before us for our action.
We have already acted upon a portion of them
and made changes in them; and if it were intended
that they should be altered or corrected, or in any
way changed, why incur this enormous expense
before they are corrected ? They were authorized
according to law to prepare these abstracts with a
view to any correction that we might see fit to
make. Beyond that point they had no power to
go. And when they did go beyond it, they vio-
lated their obligation under the law by attempting
to do what they had no right to do, and any act
thus done without authority ought not to be sanc-
tioned by this body. I would ask, how did they
make the contract—who were the persons to judge
what should be paid ? In a small amount of print-
ing it is a matter of little importance whether it is
an extravagant charge or not, but when it extends
to a matter of considerable magnitude, as in the
case referred to by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, when it extends to the whole printing of*
these census returns, it is highly improper that the
census board should be permitted to make con-
tracts and to give what price they please. Why,
if this were to be allowed, there would be no ne-
cessity for the action of Congress on the subject
at all. You might as well give up legislation to
the board of census in regard to the whole matter
at once. When we passed this law, it was in-
tended that they should be confined to a certain
routine of duty, and now that they seek to go be-
yond it, we are told that we must not interfere
with their action. I ask again, what is to be paid
i for this printing—what is it to come to? Suppose
'' they arrogate to themselves the power which they
have attempted to exercise in this instance, in
reference to the printing to be done ultimately.
Is it to be acquiesced in, while it is in direct oppo-
sition to the provisions of the original bill which
provides that it shall be given to the lowest bid-
der? The bill provides that the power shall be
given to the Secretary of the Interior to advertise
for that purpose. .
The printing of these abstracts and instructions
to be sent to the marshals of the difTctent States
was not within the power of the census board;
they were only to furnish the necessary informa-
tion to Congress; there they were to stop. If
am rio-ht in that, it is certainly very important that
we should understand how these contracts are
made, and the amount of money involved. _
Mr PEARCE. I will answer the inquiry of
the Senator from Alabama. The census board
have bought some three thousand reams of paper
upon which to have these forms printed for the
Senate; or rather, they have directed the printeis
with whom they had contracted for the printing,
to procure paper, and they procured six thousand
j reams at six dollars per ream. I am also infoi med
that they contracted with the census board to
print these forms and schedules at the rate of four
dollars per ream, which makes the entire cost ten
1 dollars per ream. Whether the Government ,a
i very heavily charged by that contract or not, 1
'! will not undertake positively to say, but I rather
suwect not; at all events, it is not q> " bo heavy
an oppression as we submitted to tit the time of
'! taking the last census, when we were chai ed
1 twenty dollars and thirty-one cents per ream Bu
' the Senator says that I could not have read the act
on which he commented, or I would surely have
seen that the census board was required to submit
the forms they had prepared to Congress for their
' consideration Where is the term that requires
! (his Where is the clause, the sentence, the word,
' or the letter, which looks to such an end ? Do we
Tot know that one of the arguments upon which
the passage of this bill was predicated, was that
its passage did away with a peculiar and practical
