1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
The following is the vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Andrews, Baker, Bay,
Beale, Bingham, BisseU, Bokee, Booth, Bowltn, Brecfc,
Brook--, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Calvin, . arnpbell, Casey, Chandler, C 1p, Corwin.Croweli,
Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Eliot. Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Fretdlev, Gidilings, Gilmore,Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
Halloway, JLunpton, Henry, Houston, Howe, William T.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, James G. King, John A.
King, Maiteson, Meacham. Moote, Morton, Nelson, Ogle,
Out-, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam. Reed, Sackett, Schenek,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Stanly, Richard H.
Stanton, Thaddtus Stevens, Strong, Taylor, Thurman,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waiden, Waldo,
Wentvvortli, and White—7t5.
NAY-S—Messrs. Alhertson, Anderson, Ashe, Averett,
Bajly, Bowie, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Burt,
Jo-eph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Cartter, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dimmick, Dunham,
Durkee, Ewing, Featherston, Fitrli, Fuller. Green, Hamil-
ton, Haralson, Harlan, I ham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hihhard, Hollariay,
Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La Sere, LitUe-
fiHd, Mi-Dowell, McGaughey, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Wiliie, Meade, Millson, Morehead. Morris, Morse, Olds,
Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Richardson, Ross,
Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd,Frederick P.Stanton,
Sietf.ou, Sweeper, Thoma«, Jacob Thompson, Wallace,
Warkins, Wellborn, Wildrick, Williams, and Wood-
ward—76.
[The Reporter will here state that since the ad-
journment of the House, it has been ascertained
that the true result was 78 yeas and 76 nays; so
that even including in the negative the vote of
the Speaker, the bill was passed.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to pass the bill, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
Pending the question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITfON.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. MORTON: Petition of the Orange and Alexan-
dria Railroad Company, praying for the payment of a sum
of money "advanced" by Virginia to the Federal Gov-
eminent.
IN SENATE.
Monday, September 9,1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, tiansmitting a letter from the
Secretary of State, accompanied by a copy of the
report of the Commissioner to China, made in pur-
suance of the provisions of the act to carry into
effect certain provisions of the treaty between the
United States and China and the Ottoman Porte,
giving certain judicial proceedings, &c., called for
by a resolution of the Senate ot the 5th instant;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations;and ordered to be printed.
A message was also received from the President of
the United'States, sent in compliance with arequest
of the Hon. Manuel Alvarez, transmitting a copy
of the constitution recently adopted by the inhabit-
ants of New Mexico, together with a digest of the
votes for and against its adoption, and stating that
as Congress had passed a bill providing a territo-
rial government for New Mexico, he did not deem
it expedient to submit any recommendation on the
subject of a State government; which was read
and laid on the table.
The following is the digest of the votes alluded
to:
Digest of the votes given for and against the Con-
° stitution of the State of New Mexico:
For. Against.
In the county of Taos 1,339 35
ii i' Rio Arnbo... 0 0
<1 « San M iguel.. 203..
<■ « Santa Anna. .1,146..
<i n Bernalillo... .1,504..
■ i i« Valencia 2,008..
•i " SantaFe  571..
.39
Total 6,771.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Isaac
Ackerman, asking an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions
Mr DAWSON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Y. Hansell, William H. Underwood, and
the representatives of Samuel Rockwell, deceased,
former counsellor and attorney for the Cherokee
Indians within the limits of Georgia, asking that
Congress will make provision by law for the
payment of their respective claims, according to
the amount awarded by the referees acting under
the authority and sanction of the Government of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of citizens
of the State of Indiana, asking the establishment
of a mail route from Oxford, in Benton county, to
Rensselaer, in Jasper county, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee oh the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of certain
citizens of Florida, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Fanning, in Levy county, via
Cook's, Hammock, Warrior, Fenhalioway, Econ-
finnee, in Madison county, and Rocky Ford, to
Marion, in Jefferson county, and from Long Pond
to Homosassa, m that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of certain officers of the fourth regiment of
artillery, asking a modification of the provisions
of the act of June 18, 1846, relating to appoint-
ments in the line and staff in the army, setting
forth that by the present reading of the law officers
holding the appointments of lieutenant colonel,
major, or captain, in the staff, and those of cap-
tain, and even as low as first lieutenant in the line
of the army, are given the right to retain both
until promoted in both line and staff to the higher
grade, at the same time that they do nothing but
staff duty, thus throwing the line duty of their
regiments upon the junior officers, without the
corresponding advantages, and depriving the com-
panies of the advantages of always having a per-
manent captain present for duty; which was
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was ordered that
Samuel Hook, a revolutionary soldier, have leave
to withdraw his papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALES, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of P.
E. Thomas and others, in behalf of the Seneca
Indians, asking payment of money due them, and
withheld by a sub-agent of the United States, sub-
mitted an elaborate report, which was ordered to
be primed, closing with a recommendation that an
item or section be inserted in the Indian appropri-
ation bill making provision for the payment of the
claim and interest. «
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of cer-
tain Seminole Indians, who were in the service of
the United States under the command of William
G. Sanders, submitted a report, which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, recommending that
an amendment be made to the bill making appro
priation for the military service, setting apart one
thousand and eighteen dollars and ninety-two cents
for the payment of said warriors.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of David Vann and William P. Ross, delegates of
the Cherokee nation, in relation to a balance due
under the treaty of 1835, and land reserved under
the treaty of 1819, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to. .
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
extract of a letter from the United States Minister
at London to the Secretary of State, relative to the
boundary line between l.he British and French pos-
sessions in North America, as fixed by the treaty
of Utrecht, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the motion to print the report of the Secre-
tary of the interior, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate in relation to the Hot Springs of Arkan-
sas, reported in favor of printing the same; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred House bill No.
93, being the bill for the relief of Winthrop S.
Harding, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and with a request that it might be immedi-
ately considered.
The PRESIDENT. That will require the
unanimous consent of the Senate, and if there be
no objection, the bill can have its second reading
now.
No objection having been made, the bill was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BERRIEN desired that the report made in
the case might be read, which would sufficiently
explain the whole subject.
The report was then read, and no amendment
having been proposed to the bill, it was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently read a third time and passed.
REEDER AND JOHNSON.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was recommitted Senate bill No.
, being the bill for the relief of Charles Reeder,*
Walter R. Johnson, and the legal representatives
of Thomas P. Jones, reported back the same with
the following amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
"That the Sccietary of the Navy cause to be au-Mted and
adjusted the accounts ot Charles Reeder, Walter R. John-
son, and Thomas P. Jones, for their services as a hoard ot'
examiners to make experimental trials m relation to the
explosion of steam-boilers, allowing each of them, lor the
time they were actually employed in such service, a com-
pensatiori at the rate stipulated in the letter ot appointment
from the Secretary of ihe Navy, under date of April 10,
1843, and that the sums found to be due them, respectively,
be appropriated and paid to said Charles Reeder, Walter R.
Johnson, and the legal representatives of the said Thomas
P. Jones, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the Senate will
consent to consider that bill now. It was a mis-
take of the committee which led to the blunder
hich was committed here the other day.
These gentlemen were appointed to make ex-
periments upon steam boilers. The gentleman
who made the report, who is no longer a mem-
ber of this body, got hold of an old report made by
Mr. Fairfield in respect to the services of one of
these gentlemen in relation to experiments testing
the chemical properties of coal, and reported that
to the Senate as the basis upon which this bill
should be passed.
I will state the facts of the case very briefly.
An appropriation of $15,000 was made, to be ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Navy in testing
Colt's submarine battery. At a subsequent ses-
sion, Congress anthorized the Secretary of the
Navy to appoint three gentlemen to make exper-
iments in relation io steamboat boilers, and au-
thorized, it would seem—although there is some
doubt about it—that the appropriation of $15,000
to make experiments in regard to Colt's invention
might be applied to the compensation of these gen-
tlemen. Although the amount was not sufficient
for the purpose, they went on and performed the
service; but they have not received compensation.
1 have here that report, and one of the letters ap-
pointing them.
The bill proposes that the Secretary of the Navy
—because he can do it much better than any-
body else—shall ascertain the time they were
actually in service under the appointment of the
Navy Department, and pay them according to the
contract for the time which they served.
These are all the facts of the case. I think the
mistake which has occurred has been sufficiently
explained. I hope these gentlemen will receive the
compensation which they deserve.
Mr. DICKINSON. How much does this bill
appropriate?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Three hundred dollars
per month during the time of their service.
The bill, by unanimous consent, was then read
a second time, and was considered as in commit-
tee of the whole. The amendment reported by
the committee was agreed to, and the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
Oil motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Senate bill No.
272, being the bill to grant to the State of Mis-
souri the right of way and a portion of public land
for the purpose of aiding m making a railroad from
St. Louis to the western limits of said State, with
an eastern extension to Cincinnati and Louisville.
The bill had been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands with an amendment, as a substitute
for the entire bill, in conformity with others hereto-
fore passed, making donations of land for like
purposes to other States.
