690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
source of annoyance to Congress, and that the de-
tails involved were properly matters of Executive
consideration—the proper subjects for the investi-
gations of'a board of census? it was proper that
the*e matters should be referred to them, that they
mijrht be making preparations for a full enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the Un.ted States. And
let me remark further, that the construction that
I give to the act is fortified by the action of Con-
gress at the time of taking the former census.
These details were submitted to the Secretary of
Stare, and not to Congress, by whose authority
they were prepared. His decision was final with-
out any appeal to Congress.
The Senator from Indiana remarked that an
argument against this construction might be de-
rived from the amount of the appropriation. I
have staled in-my former remarks, that the ori-
ginal bill contained an appropriation ofone hun-
dred thousand dollars, and that this amount was
stricken out and the sum of ten thousand dollars
inserted; which is about one-third of the whole
cost of paper and preparatory printing; by which
I mean the forms and schedules, they being the
only things to be contracted for by this board.
From this we learn the fact that Congress in a bill
provided thai the'tiling should he done, but did
not provide for the expense. This is a course of
procedure of common occurrence; the Govern-
ment often makins provision for the execution of
-certain duties, with the implied understanding that
at gome future period the necessary appropriations
should be forthcoming. It cannot be justly argued,
therefore, that because the requisite appropriation
was not made, that these officers were not author-
ized to make the contract which the original law
not only authorized them, but required them to
make. The sole object of passing this law was
that the preparations should be made for the
taking of the census without the action of Con-
gress, so that there might be no delay. That
being the object of the law, the census board weie
called upon imperatively to do what they have
done. 1 do not think that either of the gentlemen
would make contracts that were unlawful, that
were not in conformity with the intention of Con-
gress.
Mr. KING. I would ask my friend from Mary-
land whether the abstracts leported by the com-
mittee are those that were prepared by the census
boanl ?
Mr. PRA.RCE. No, sir; there has been a dif-
ference of opinion between the census board and
the committee of the Senate.
Mr. KING. The Senator has replied to my
question, ami that reply is an answer to his whole
argument. Merc aie two sets of schedules fur-
nished; one by the census boatd, for which they
have contracted; and the other by the report of the
committee of the Senate, for which they did not
contract. Now, which is to be punted; that set
which has been contracted for by the board, or that
which has been reported by the committee of the
Senate and adopted by the Senate, niter various
modifications? Is there not, therefore, great pio-
piiety in the opinion I have expiessed, that tins
census board should confine itself stnctiy to the
discharge of their duty, so far as it is necessaiy to
get the preparatory information on the subject of
the census before Congress, and there their duty
must stop* What has taken place heretofoie is a
matter of no importance, because it was, as I have
said, again to come before Congress for our action.
An objection has been made to making these ab-
stracts as extensive a> they have heretofore been
nifde, and especially to extending their headings
suli I'm ther. That objection existed at the very time
the win-le matter was under consideration. Hence
it was that we understood thui was to be done only
so fur as to enable us to see the whole ground, and
to judge as to how far we should include this or
that inqu'ty within these abstracts and schedules
for the taking of the census and the collection of
statistical information. The subject is now before
us, and we are not to look to what has been done,
or ought to be done; but we are bound to look at i
things as they are. '
Ate not the abstracts reported by the commit- I
tee now before us? And are they not different |
from iho-ie which have been contrcw red for by the '
census boaid ; Certainly they aie diiJcient. And 1
i >ve ate to lose on account of the printing con- |
tr&cted for by that board, we shall limit the print- I
to the smallest number necessary for our j
action, which will give the information required.
The phraseology of the Jaw is such that I admit
there is some propriety in giving all the prepara-
tory printing either to the control of the Secretary
of State or some person who may be designated
in order to facilitate the business and have the
census speedily taken. The course we have taken
places it in the power of Congress to determine
what number of schedules shall be prepared and
what particular inquiries into the condition of the
country shall be made to carry out the purposes
we alt have in view in taking the census.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I concur,
so far as? regards the purpose of the Senate of
holding this matter within their own control, with
the Senator from Alabama. I think the bill, if
amended at all, was amended for that express
purpose, so far as my memory goes. 1 wish to
say a word in reply to the suggestions of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.] He says a
difference of opinion has grown up between the
census board and the committee. There was none
at all, sir, until the committee had done their work,
made their report. I have said to the Senate that,
although tables were laid before the committee,
the census board did not avow those tables; that
they were not official tables. These official tables
were then laid before us, after we completed our
work and made our report. Then, when our bill
was taken up, a proposition was made here to
strikeout the committee's tables, and substitute
the tables offered by the gentleman from Georgia.
That was the very first proposition made upon
that subject. A debate grew up, in which this
matter,to which I have just referred, was disclosed.
The committee then stated that certain tables weie
laid before them that weie the work of certain
men; that is, of Mr. Russell, who takes up these
matters con amort, if 1 may so express it, who
studies statistics as a diversion, and who has pub-
lished a wotk on the subject; and of Mr. Chad-
wick, anotheramateur on the census, together with
a gentleman employed by thecensusboard. These
tables weie before the committee; still we did not
feel ourselves the less obliged, unless we took the
same view of the law as does the Senator from
Maryland, to prepare tables. Wc pioceeded and
prepared them, with this information before us,
and they are now before the Senate. The Senate
pioceeded yesterday to take up one of these
very tables repoited by the census board, and
amended it very materially, and they made other
amendments in the various tables as they were
reported. Now, what this census board say is,
that they weie never under any obligations to
make any icporc to the Senate or to the committee.
The comoiniec crrtainly do not contend that the
board were under any obligations to make any
| leport to them. I think the Senator from Alary-
[ land has fallen into another error. I think he is
" mistaken in saying that this matter has been spe-
[ cifically devolved on the census board, if he will
i turn to previous acts, he will find this has not been
j the case.
; Mr- PEARCE. I did not state that it had been
i the case with all the census bills that have been
' piepared, but jeferred to the census of 1640 and
| the census of JS20.
Mr. DAVIS. i was going to say, that so far as
j I know, the practice has been a little diveise.
j Sometimes the census board had the matter in their
own hands, and sometimes it was coniided else-
i where. It is very ciear, from the leading of the
act, that the disposition of the Senate was to keep
it within their own hands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We shall waste another
day unless we go along more smoothly, and 1 rise
to call the attention of the Senate to the ouestion
proposed by the amendment of the Senator fiom
| Indiana., [Mr. Wixitcomjj.] The question is upon
j printing, and the mode by which lie proposes to j
I get at it. Now, sir, I think there can be no difH- ;
j culty if the Senate will only adherq to what it has ;
I already done-. When the bill was or^uiaiiy re- !
| ported there was a blank le t m it; in which it was ;
; proposed the Senate should insert, how many com-
, pendiums should be printed, and to allow the See-
j retary ot the interior to contract for this pi intmg
j Now, has the Senate forgotten the discussion
, which_ too<{ pla'ce between the Senator from
| Georgia arid myself, m which the Senator fiom
Georgia contended that it was premature to have
any of this work provided for at this time, in which
opinion the Senate concurred by a vote directing
that so much of the bill as provided for the print-
ing of tbe eompenditims should be stricken out.
We got clear of the whole of it, and it was deter-
mined by a solemn vote of the Senate to leave the
matter to be acted on when the returns of the
marshals should come in at the next session of
Congress. Shall we now go al! over this matter
again, or shall we abide by that decision? Is
does seem to me that, if we do not intend to cross
our tracks every twenty-four hoars, we had better
let the matter stand as it is. Then what further
was determined ? The other day it was deter-
mined that we should make some arrangements for
the necessary preparatory prinling, and thatshould
be all we would arrange for during the present ses-
sion. Well, sir, here is the way in which we ar-
ranged it. It was to add to the 20ih section of this
bill the following:
" Provided, however, that all printing exempt the compen-
dium tables s-hail be executed according to the 15th seciioo
of tile act approved 18th Ma>,I842/>
Now, has the Senator forgotten that at the time
the gentleman from Massachusetts offered this
amendment, he did not insert the 15th section of
the act of May 18, 1842, and that my colleague
called upon him to be more specific, and to state
upon the face of the amendment where the law
was to be found that regulated the duties of the
Secretary of the Interior; and at the instance of my
colleague, the Senator from Massachusetts modi-
fied his amendment, and put in the 15th section of
.the act of May, 1842? And when you look at it
you will find the direction specifically given that it
shall be done upon advertisement, and given to the
lowest bidder. This was what wa3 adopted by
the Senate on that occasion. There is an excep-
tion made upon the face of the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts. And what is it?
" Except the printing of the tables." JNow, what
is the reason for this ? Let me explain to you; and
then it seems to me if we only adhere to what we
have done, and not discuss and rediscuss, and go
over and change the whole thing again, that we
shall make some progress. Why were the tables
excepted.^ For the reason, as 1 have already
twice stated, but which seems not to be compre-
hended, or to be forgotten by the Senate, that we
have printed 180,000 of these tables already. In
the semi-war that has been going on, according
to the speeches made here, between the census
board and the committee, it has been my object
from the beginning, to harmonize as far as practi-
cable, and in so doing the committee of the Senate
have taken the work of the census board as far as
it has been printed, and adopted it, and made it
their own. All the printing of these 180,000
sheets have been on schedules one, two, and
three; nearly the whole; and the Senate have taken
them also and adopted them. These tables, so
fai as punted, can be used, and we thought it un-
necessary to thiow it away, inasmuch as some
four hundred reams of paper, amounting to §2,400
has been used up m this way. It was to save this
expense, and this labor already done, that the
committee accepted those tables. Under tbe act
of 1842, and the amendment i have referred to as
having been already adopted by the Senate, the rest
of the preparatory printing is to be done by con-
tract; all the rest of the printing, the compendium,
and the tables that are to be "made upon the reports
of the marshals, that are to be sent in, is to remain
untouched until we act upon the subject. Why,
then, again go over this subject?
One word more, and that is, if my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Whitcomb] desires that the substi-
tute offeied by the gentleman from Georgia shall
be adopted in lieu or' 'he bill which we have thus
maiured to a very great extent, and wishes the
provis.ons I have referred to to become a pan of
that substitute, all he has to do is to apply to that
substitute what the Senate has already applied to
theonginal bill. I do riot think there will be a
solitary vote against such a proposition, and then
we shall get along-.
Air. HALE. I sm against it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman says he
id* against it; but 1 suppose the Senate, having
already adopted this proposition, would be willing
to insert it anywhere. My object m rising was
merely to call ihe attention of the Senate to what
it has already done, and to ask it to adhere to its
past action.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would like to understand
from the Senator from Kentucky whether the
