feso.
THE COMIRESSIO&AL GLOBfi.
rm
of Represehtatives. I believe that not an act of
Congress has yet been passed in relation to the
State from which I come since she has been admit-
ted into the Union. There is a good deal of legis-
lation on our calendar in relation to that State, and,
indeed, in reference to almost all the new Si'ates.
Our post offices and post roads are in a deranged
condition, our harbors are unimproved, and appro-
priations are desirable for that purpose, but that
they will be made this session I think is very
doubtful. Commerce is suffering in these States,
and the interests of those who are not, suffer as
well as those who are located there. Vessels are
continually lost for want of harbor improvements,
and in many other respects legislation is needed
for these States. There are several subjects be-
fore the Senate Which will doubtless call forth a
good deal of discussion. One of those subjects is
the one in which the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Shields] is so much interested—the bounty land
bill. That bill will undoubtedly elicit much dis-
cussion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope not.
Mr. WALKER. And there are various other
measures to which I might refer that will undoubt-
edly be much debated. The whole session thus
far has been diverted from the ordinary legislation
of the country, and has been spent in the discus-
sion of the unfortunate questions which have agi-
tated both Congress and the country. I think,
therefore, that we shall not have more time than
is necessary forthe legislation which is imperiously
called for, if we take the three weeks suggested by
the House of Representatives. I hope that we
shall avail ourselves of all the time that has been
proposed by the House, and that we will con-
cur in their resolution, and not amend it as pro-
posed by the Senator from Mississippi. I am as
anxious as anybody can be to see the session
closed speedily; but I am equally anxious to have
the necessary legislation done for the State of
Wisconsin. I presume that many others feel the
same interest With regard to their localities; and I
do not believe, if we undertake to do this legislation
in two weeks, that we can do it well. One week
more will make but little difference.
Mr. BADGER. I doubt whether it is prudent
for the Senate to act now upon this resolution. I
am certain, if we do act to-day, that we should not
amend it by shortening the time proposed by the
House of Representatives. We must suppose the
House fixed that time upon a knowledge of the
business before them. We all know that there is
a great deal of business before both Houses; busi-
ness, some of it, of importance to the country at
large, and a great deal of importance to individu-
als. If it is desired to shorten the period, I would
suggest to the Senator from Mississippi whether it
wiii not be better to let the resolution lie on the
table for a few days, at the expiration of which
time we shall be able to ascertain, from the prog-
ress we have made, whether it will be prudent to
cut off one week; if so, then the resolution can
betaken up and amended. I shall be unwilling
to amend it now; I would rather keep it under our
own control, and allow it to repose on the table till
we see whether we can shorten the time without
inj ury.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I fully concur in
the arguments which show that two or three weeks
will not be long enough to finish all the business
before us; but I think we shall do more by fixing
the time now, than if we postpone it to any future
day whatever. After the excitement through
which we havepassed, I think we shall scarcely
legislate with due deliberation on any of the
important matters which now remain to be consid-
e'red. There are other Senators, who like myself,
have turned their eyes homeward. I wish we may
legislate upon such subjects as require but little
deliberation, which I believe can be done in
two weeks, and then go home. The session
has been protracted unhappily, it is true, but
I think its close is worse than its length. But,
whether the acts we have passed be good or evil,
I prefer to go with them to the country, and leave,
all questions of less importance* till another ses-
sion. With respect to the subjects referred to by
the Senator from Wisconsin, I supposeTthe har-
bors will not materially suffer by delay from this
time to next December, and that the mail arrange-
ments will not occasion great inconvenience oy
Waiting till another session,-as there aire but two
months intervening. If we do not adjourn pretty
soon, I think sortie authority ought to send a man
with a bjack ^vand to discharge this "Rump Par-
liament[Laughter.]
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi may prevail. I believe
that under the existing state of things, it is expe-
dient we should terminate this session of Congress
as speedily as practicable. I believe that the state
of public feeling is su6h throughout the country
that it is important we should return to our con-
stituents. I would not give way to any such feel-
ing if I supposed that any further legislation was
necessary for the continued operations of the Gov-
ernment. I believe all the bills necessary for that
purpose can be disposed of in a fortnight. I am
perfectly satisfied there is a vast mass of legisla-
lation which cannot be terminated within that •
period, nor within three weeks, and perhaps not
in three months. I believe it will be more import-
ant that we should limit ourselves to this period
and the passage of such bills as are necessary for
the continued operation of the Government, and
then return to our constituents.
Sir, it seems to me that any attempt to bring to
a termination the vast mass of legislation which is
before us unacted upon, going beyond those bills
which are necessary for the operation of the Gov-
ernment, will tend only to involve us in confusion
and difficulty, and that we shall experience the
effects of hasty legislation. And there is the less
necessity for action on other bills, as there is buta
short interval between this and the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress, and under
the rules of Congress any business which has
originated here wjII remain to be taken up at
the commencement of the next session. It seems
to me, that, apart from any particular desire for the
termination of this session at the earliest possible
period—and we all concur in the necessity of ter-
minating it speedily—we should render more es-
sential service to the country by abstaining from
legislation, except upon such subjects as relate to
the operations of the Government; and we can
then give to the subjects which remain till the
next wession that deliberation and consideration
which is essential to all wise and discreet legislation.
Mr. BENTON. I am opposed, Mr. President,
to this amendment. The State of California may
now be said to oe admitted, and the Senators for
that State will probably take their seats to-mor-
row. They have doubtless many bills which they
will desire to have passed in relation to that-State;
and I think three weeks is little time enough to do
that and other business which is necessary to be
done.
Mr. BADGER. I did not suppose, nor does
any gentleman suppose, that in three weeks, or in
six weeks, we can dispose of all the business now
before us. The business to which I refer is that
which is essential to the transaction of the public
business of the country, and to the carrying on of
the Government Sir, we have now the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill unreported by the i
Committee of Finance of the Senate. In the next
place the two Houses have not passed the army and
navy appropriation bills. Do not gentlemen know
that these bills must necessarily occupy a consider-
able portion of time ? So far from three weeks
being more than is necessary to get through with
these bills, I doubt very much—without any refer-
ence to the suggestion made by the Senator from
Missouri in relation to California—whether three
weeks will be sufficient. I doubt whether the Sen-
ate ought to commit itself by passing this resolu- j
tion in any shape at the present time. 1 think we j
had better allow it to remain on the he table for a I
few days, until we see what advances we make ;
with business. If we get through better than we !
expect in the course of three or four days, or a '
week, we can then take up the resolution and i
amend it by shortening the time. In order to de- 1
terniine what is the sense of the Senate, I will move j
that the resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being ta-
ken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing,
Mahgurn, Rusk, Shields, Smith, and Walas—9.
NAYS—'Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Barnwell, Bell, Ben
ton, Beruen, Bright, Butler, Cass, Cha«e, Clay, Cooper,
Davis of MassAcbuscus. Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodgp of Wisconsin, Downs, Felch, Foote,
Green, Hamlin, Houston-, Hunter, Jone*, King. Mason,
Morton, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward,
Sosid, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, (Jphaui,
VVmthrop, and Yulee—42.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was rejected.
Mr. DOWNS. I am as anxidus as anybody
to get home, but I doubt exceedingly whether WH
can in three weeks even dispose of such acts as
the interests of the country indispensably require.
There are many very important measures to be
acted upon, many which the interests of the coun-
try eminently require that we should settle, and
with all deference to the honorable Senators from
Mississippi and Georgia, I think we can act
upon these measures much better now than at any
other time. All who have had much experience
in legislative matters know that a week or two at-
the close of a session is worth a great deal more
than as many months at the commencement of it.
We have at the close of the session the subjects
fresh in our minds, and we have our habits of
business fixed. We have now, I hope, exhausted
the disposition for long speaking, and as our con-
stituents are pressing upon our consideration many
important matters, upon which the exigencies of
the country call for our action, I hope we may not
make our session shorter than it is proposed by
the House of Representatives to make it; espe-
cially as I believe the business will be more speed-
ily done, and better done now than at the beginning
of the session. Besides, although we consider
that we have been here a long time, we have done
infinitely less business than in an ordinary session;
and if we pass nothing but the appropriation bills,
there will be a much larger amount of business
thrown over to the next session than ever before.
I think that all the circumstances of the case re-
quire that we should continue our session foe a
longer period than two weeks. We must bear in
mind, that independent of the legislative business,
there must be a portion of our time occupied with
executive business. We must consider, too, that
all the most important appropriation bills have not
been acted upon at all m this body, and some of
them have not been acted upon in the other House.
When we consider all these things, and that the
difference between the time proposed by the House
and that proposed by the Senator from Mississippi
is but one week, I think we may well agree to
adopt the time fixed by the House, instead of fix-
ing it at two weeks. I believe we have more
business to do than the House, and they have con-
sidered three weeks necessary, and from any view.
I can take of the subject, 1 cannot come to the
conclusion that we ought to adjourn in less than
three weeks.
Mr. EWING. I voted to lay the resolution on
the table, with the hope that we might take it up
in a few days, and be able to fix the day of ad-
journmentat the end of two instead of three weeks.
I am satisfied it is not safe now to vote to adjourn
in two weeks; but we may be able to do it, and I
still think we had better postpone its consideration,
at any rate for a few days, to see if the progress
of business will not justify the shortening of the
time. If it be in order, I will now move to post-
pone the consideration of the resolution till Satur-
day next.
[No, no, no.]
Well, I will let it go, then. I withdraw the
motion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
amend the resolution, and the result was as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell. Berrien, Bright,
Butler, Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson,
Foote, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason,Morion, Pratt,
Sebastian, Seward, Sou!6, Spiuauce, Sturgeon, Turney,
Underwood, and Wnutirop—25.
NAYS—Messrs Badger, Baldwin, Bs'll, Bonton, Ca^,
Cla\, Coop°r, Davis of Massachusetts Dodge of Wi«eor in,
Dod e of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Ewtng, Feleh, Greene,
Hamlin, Matigum, Norrts Pearce, PhHps, Ru>k, Shields,
Smith, Upham, Wale?, Walker, and Yulee—27.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BA.DGER. 1 shall not make a motion to
postpone the consideiation of the resolution; but 1
would suggest, if there is any probability of get-,
ting through in less time than three weeks, tbat it
might be better to postpone the question for a few
days, until we could ascertain the fact.
Several Senators. "Oh no; oh no;" "take
the question now."
Mr. EWING. I will make the motion. I think
it would be better to delay the question till Satur-
day next, for I am inclined to think we may get
through in two weeks.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the motion will not pre-
vail. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
