1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
printing already done is not confined to the first
three tables in numerical order.
Mr. UNDER-WOOD. It is confined entirely
to the first three tables. There have been printed
of the other tables only enough to exhibit samples.
Some two or three reams of paper will cover the
whole expense,
Mr. WHITCOMB. What changes have been
made in the tables already printed ?
Mr. DAVIS. Very extensive ones were made
by the Senate yesterday.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Then I cannot understand
how the printing of them can be considered as
done. It matters not, however.
Mr. DAVIS. I wilt state to the gentleman that
the amendments made yesterday were the striking
out of columns. I suppose it would be an easy
matter to give directions to the marshals not to use
the columns thus stricken out.
Mr. WHITCOMB. 1 am very glad to hear
that no useless expense has been incurred; but if
Senators had paid attention to my amendment
they would find that it made provision for the
case referred to by the Senator from Kentucky.
I there put in an exception as to the work already
done. "The necessary preparatory printing re-
* quired by this act shall be done on ten days'
*001106 hy the lowest bidder, except so far as is
€ already done." Now, sir, I was already aware
that the committee, of which the Senators from
Massachusetts and Connecticut are members, had
concurred with me in opinion that it was proper
to have a provision in relation to this printing; for
they had themselves set the example in the twenty-
first section of the original bill. And what is my
amendment? Simply a modification of the first
part of that section, by adding that it shall be con-
tracted for by the lowest bidder. And my amend-
ment is, with that modification, to be transferred to
the amendment offered by the Senator from Geor-
gia, so that, if the Senate should think proper to
adopt the amedment of the Senator from Georgia,
it could adopt it with that modification. It is to
put the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia in the same condiiion with the bill reported
by the committee, with the single exception that,
by my amendment, it is to be done by the lowest
bidder. I think, sir, I have the commit'ee with
me on the main principle, against the Senators
from Kentucky and Maryland.
Mr. SMITH. I have only to remark that, in
regard to the original bill, we rejected the very
proposition the Senator now makes. It was then
proposed by the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. I made no such proposi-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. 1 certainly did understand the
Senator to propose an amendment to put out this
preparatory printing to the lowest bidder.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not recollect offering
any such amendment as that described by the
Senator from Connecticut. I did offer an amend-
ment, to give all the printing to the printers for
Congress, upon any contract which may now ex-
ist, or mis;ht exist at the time the work had to be
done. I "was requested to withdraw it and de-
clined doing so, and, after some discussion, it was
rejected by the Senate. If I proposed any other
amendment, I certainly have no recollection of it,
because I was opposed to dMng this printing under
the contract system.
Mr. SMITH. I believe I am not mistaken in
my recollection. The amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas, as first presented to the Senate,
certainly contained a provision to give this pre-
paratory prirvtmg to the lowest bidder.
Mr. WHITCOMB. That was my amendment,
I think.
Mr. SMITH. It is not material. It is enough
to say that no such provision is in the original
bill, and that the Senator proposes a provision not
in the original bill, and to which i am opposed.
Mr. BORLAND. I think from the indications
which have been given, that the census bill is in a
bad condition, so far as any hope is entertained of
its passage m this particular form. The Senator
from Kentucky has spoken of the semi-war car-
ried on between two parties here in regard to this ;
bill; hut it struck me that it was a war of a char- j
acter like that of the famous duel we have described '
in one of our popular fictions, which I presume all
have read, which was a triangular contest.
There are three parties in this contest, the cen-
sus board, the census committee* &nd those of this i
body who differ from both, and each seems to
have a different object in view. And between the
three parties 1 think the census bill is in a very
fair way of being killed off I am very desirous
that a bill should be passed at an earty day, and
with that view, I advanced yesterday certain views
with the object of simplifying the bill and bring-
ing it down to a practical form, one which wifl
enable us to perform our constitutional duties
within the time in which we are required to per-
form them. I then had some hope of succeeding,
but from what has since occurred, I acknowledge
that the prospect is not so good for the accomplish-
ment of that object.
On the subject of printing it seems to me that if
we adopt the construction of the law given by the
Senator from Maryland, that it puts us entirely in
the hands of the census board. It is admitting that
und^r the law they have the power of do*ng all the
printing that might be necessary; to contract for
any amount of it, and to incur any expense; and
that, when they bring forward their work here,
we are under at least an implied obligation to take
it and receive it as our own, and to send it to the
country as such. If that had been the intention of
the act of last session, we could have passed a cen-
sus bill here at once, because there would be no
more work to be done, if we gave full power to
the census board or.census committee, or any one
else, to prepare and print the schedules, and to
establish every head under which information is
to be obtained, and give them authority to prepare
the whole system for operation, there is nothing
for us to do. But we passed no such bill. The
title is " to make arrrangements for taking the
seventh census." It will be seen that the construc-
tion given to the law by the Senator from Mary-
land deprives us of all power to act, and we are
bound to take what the census board bring us. It
is nothing else than that. If the consideration
presented by the Senator from Maryland is to have
any weight, it seems to me to be nothing moie
nor les^ than recognising the right of any one who
may choose to go into the market and to monopo-
lize the particular paper upon which only it is said
this work can be done, and that then we are put
in his power, and unless we a^ree to his terms we
are deprived of all power of having the census
taken. It amounts to that, certainly. Individuals
may monopolize all the paper of this kind in the
market, there is no time to make more, and they
will have us in their power, and we are bound to
submit to their term-*! It is therefore perfectly
consistent for the Senator to say that it is useless
to talk of putting this matter up to the lowest bid-
der, for it would be idle. Are we then to recog-
nise any such power in the hands of any one, to
place us in his condition, to make us helpless in
their hands, and we be bound to submit to any
exactions they may think proper to make?
Now, as to this preparatory punting, these
schedules, we can only adopt them by not making
any amendments to them*, for if we amend them
those already printed are worthless. The idea of
sending to the country mutilated copies, which
will lead the persons employed to take the census
into error, is ideal, it would be just as well to
require them to make up the schedules themselves,
for we would thereby give them no guide to go
by. They will be confused by these mutilated
and imperfect schedules. And I take it that, so
far as time is concerned, if we are to have these
changes in the schedules made by hand,.the taking
of the census will be put olT to a far more distant
period than if we undertake to print new ones.
To take this immense number of sheets, and to go
over each of them, would require twenty cleiks
from now until the first of June; whereas to have
new schedules printed, in a proper form, would
require much less time.
Sir, there seems to be a good deal of mystery
involved in this matter of printing. We have
been told that an immense amount of printing has
been done, and that we are bound to take it be-
cause it has been done, i have great respect for
the members of the census board. No doubt they
have discharged their duties conscientiously, and,
as they believed, efficaciously; but 1 beg leave to
refer them to the act of Congress under which they
had authority to act. Instead of having authority
lo contract a debt of $30,000, and to make a pros-
pective contract amounting, as I apprehend, to
some $100,000, and for the amount of printing
that has been stated, perhaps to $200,000, they
were limited to the sum of $10,000, expressly
limited. And I apprehend, sir, that all the. print-
ing that is necessary, and which is required by
that act, could have been done for that sum. All
that was required was'some half dozen copies of
the schedules they had prepared, which would
have been sufficient to have indicated the plan of
the board. But instead of that, we are told by
the Senator from Maryland that work to the
amount of $30,000 has already been done, and ^
contract, if not positively, yet prospectively made,
which, if I am capable of making; any estimate,
will amount to not less than $100,000, and prob-
ably a still greater amount.
Mr. HALE. I have listened attentively to the
discussion on this* bill, with a view of undemand-
ing something. I am now more m the dark than
when it began. I have voted sometimes in one
way and sometimes in another; and 1 promised
yesterday to follow the chairman, and to stick by
the bill until it was gone through with; but the
first thing I found was the chairman going against
it himself, i suppose it will not be out of order
to refer to the fact that the Constitution recognizes
another branch of Congress, or to mention the
fact that the papers inform us that there is another
assembly sitting in this city, who will have this
subject of the census under consideration to-mor-
row, and every day thereafter until they have dis-
posed of it. This being the case, and the Sen-
ate having acted so long on the subject without
coming to any conclusion, and with the view of
taking up some other bill, 1 move that the whole
subject be laid on the table; and on that motion I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the mo-
tion to lay on the table was lejected : Yeas 4,
nays 38.
Mr. BRADBURY. The vote upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana will be re-
garded as a test vote, I think; either as a disap-
proval or a ratification of the act of the census
board in procuring the printing of these forms
and schedules. That act was regarded by the
committee appointed by the Senate as an act be-
yond their power; and therefore, as we, by the
rejection of the amendment, shall approve of the
contract made by the census board, I think we
ought to have some evidence what sort of a con-
tract they have made. It seems this board have
gone forward without warrant of law and made a
contract for the printing of forms and srhedulf-s,
and we are notf called upon by implication to ap-
prove of that contract, without knowing anything
of the terms of it. i think it is due to the Senate,
that the friends of the measure should avow here
what the terms are, and give the information to
the Senate, that it may act understanding, it
may be that it 13 such a contract as will meet the
approbation of the Senate, so far as the terms are
concerned, although it could never approve of the
assumption of power by which a board who were
limited in expense \o ten thousand dollars should
go forward and make a contract several times that
amount, and perhaps ten times. I therefore ask,
if any Senator is in possession of the information,
that he may inform the Senate what the terms of
the contract are; for 1 am unwilling to approve of
it by implication without that information. I
think we shall be entirely safe in adopting the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, even if
the terms are such as might be considered low.
I go no further than does the Senator from In-
diana; that is, to accept that portion which has
been done, and to submit the residue to competi-
tion in the market.
Mr. PEARCE. I have already given to the
Senate the information asked for—a large part of
it at least. The report of the census board, print-
ed by order of the Senate of the 19th March, 1850,
gives their understanding of their duties under the
law. As to the printing, I stated before that the
joint expense of printing and paper was ten dol-
lars a ream—less than half what it cost m 1840.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Whitcomb, and a division being had,
there were ayes 25. Before the noes were count-
ed—
Mr. PEARCE said: I should 'like to [suggest
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, which, if accepted, would enable
me to vote for it. if he will confine its application .
to all other printing except the forms and tables, I
shall cheerfully vote for his amendment.
