1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
Y. submitting that it was for the benefit of private
individuals, and that he was opposed to that princi-
ple, though be had voted in favor of donations of
lands to the States.
Mr. GENTRY remarked, that the reference of
the bill, at this period of the session, would be
equivalent to its rejection. He hoped, therefore,
that it would not be referred. He thought that the
bill, if understood, would recommend itself at
once to the favorable consideration of the House.
Mr. VENABLE expressed the hope that the
bill would be referred. It was one of astring of bills
in which the same principle was involved. The ti-
tles of some of them had been just read (alluding to
bills from the Senate) in the hearing of the House.
The seemed to be a settled purpose to lay hands
upon the public domain, and to appropriate it to
the use of private companies. He alluded to the
numerous projects for railroads which were in prog-
ress, or m contemplation, and to the opportunities
afforded the Wall street speculators by bills of this
character. If the intention was to take the whole
public domain and confiscate it to these purposes,
let the country know it. On a recent occasion,
when the bill appropriating some forty or fifty
millions of acres for military bounties had been
before them, he had told the House that these
lands were pawned as 3ecunty for the payment of
the public debt. The answer had been, that the
public debt was small, and that the bondholders
never would look to these funds for payment. Yet
we all know, that unless security had been given,
the loan never could have been obtained. Yet,
with a public domain which constituted one of the
funds by which the debt of the country was to be
redeemed, and in the face of an express mortgage
on these funds, Conjress was asked to pass bills
in any number—for their name was Legion—grant-
ing away the very land thus pledged as security.
It was m vain for gentlemen who sustained
these bills to tell him that they were aganist in-
ternal improvements by the General Government.
They departed from the gieat republican principle
of economy in the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and of opposition to monopolies. Gentle-
men said they did not create these corporations,
but he contended that by encouraging and sustain-
ing, they were responsible for them.
He repeated his objection to these bills, on the
ground that the proceeds of the public lands were
solemnly pledged to the creditors of the Govern-
ment, and that to give them away in the mode
proposed would be a flagrant breach of faith.
Gentlemen as-ked him what he would do with the
public lands? He would promptly answer, he
would hold them, administer them properly, and ap-
ply their proceeds, as they were solemnly pledged,
to the payment of the public debt; and after that
■was liquidated, or before—if he saw Congress de-
termined todisregard the plighted faith, and squan-
der the lands—he would give them out in quarter
sections to every actual settler who should remain
upon them for five years; and after a certain num-
ber of years he would give them to the States in
which they he—to pet rid of this corruption fund.
He would use every effort to get rid of it—if he saw
Congress bent upon making it such a fund—pre-
cisely as he would to get rid of a gambling-house
or grog shop set down near his plantation. The
House were asked to-day to tie together, to link
together, by appropriations in which they weie
severally to share, the vanous sections, in a system-
of log-1oiling and corruption which would absorb
the entire public domain. North Carolina wanted
no share of such plunder. She only wanted to see
the public lands fairly administered and the
plighted faith of the Government steadily ob-
served.
Mr. BOWLIN said: As chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands who had reported
several of these bills, he felt it his duty, alike in
defence of himself and of the committee, to make
some reply to the attack made upon this granting
alternate sections to the Slates in which they lie,
for the purpose of aiding in making improvements.
The attack of the gentleman was a familiar one in
this House. Nothing could be brought up here
from the West, or in which the West was con-
cerned, but it seemed to be denounced at once by
certain gentlemen as some magnificent scheme to
rob the country of all her public land.
He proceeded to speak of the position of the
new States in this Government as one very pecu-
liar. The States in which these lands lay were
organized, sovereign States; yet they were not the
owners of one foot of their soil. What the Gov-
ernment had sold to individuals was but a small pit-
tance compared with the aggregate amount. In
the State of Missouri were some twenty nine mil-
lions of acres of public land nnoccupied, and un-
entered, against thirteen millions which were
occupied under donations, French claims, and
sales of every description. When theymadeim-
provements, then, in the State of Missouri, those
improvements went through land three fourths of
which were public lands, and thereby three fourths
of the advantages were realized by the Govern-
ment. Yet all the State asked of the Government
was—not a grant of land, but the benefit of the in-
creased value given to the alternate sections lying
along the road. That was the principle upon
which this bill, and all the similar bills before Con-
gress, were based. The bills gave nothing, in
point of fact, to the States—nothing to the
Wall street brokers and speculators, of whom
the gentleman said so much; but the lands were
granted expressly for the use of the road, and the
benefit of the State.
Mr. VENABLE inquired if there were not
private stockholders in the same roads who re-
ceived their share in the benefits arising from the
donations of the public lands, which were made
nominally to the States?
Mr. EW1NG said, there was a grant of alter-
nate sections in this bill to Alabama. That State
was not a stockholder at all; and if she chose she
could hereafter hold this land for her own benefit.
Mr. VENABLE said, he understood that the
States were stockholders in part, in these corpora-
tions; if so, a donation to the State of these lands
gave additional value to the private stockholders,
stock. He asked the gentleman from Missouri
tq answer the question whether, in each of the
cases in which grants were sought for the roads,
there were not corporations building the roads;
and if the States did not own a share in the capital
stock of these corporations?
Mr. BOWLIN (resuming) said, the bills granted
the alternate sections of land to the States, not to
any company, and the States put in the lands so
granted as stock. Thus the entire benefit of the
grant went to the States in their sovereign ca-
pacity.
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to inquire
if such was the provision of the bill ?
Mr. BOWLIN replied, that all the bills (for all
of them were alike) donated lands to the Slates to
aid in the construction of the roads, and for no
other purposes. But the State might take the
lands and put them in as stock, and to that extent
was a stockholder, and entitled to her share in the
dividends of the road.
He proceeded to say that North Carolina was
very differently situated from Missouri in respect
to the public lands within her borders, and in re-
spect to the internal improvements upon those lands.
The people of North Carolina owned every foot of
land within her borders, and when public improve-
ments were made through the lands in that State,
the entire benefits were realized by the Stale and
by her citizens; while, as he had before said, but
one fourth of the benefits were realized by the
State of Missouri and her citizens. Such were the
comparative facts with reference to the old and the
new States generally.
He noticed Mr. Venable's argument that the
lands were pledged for the payment of the public
debt, and askedi in case, by their improvements in
the States the Government enhanced the value of
the public lands, whpther they in any way in-
jured the public creditor ? Certainly not. Heex-
pressed the opinion, however, that the security
based upon the lands never entered into the con-
sideration of the creditors, and said the land pro-
ceeds would never be applied to the payment
But the bills provided, when theydonated alter-
nate sections to the States, that the price of the
alternate sections reserved by the Government
should be doubled—as the effect of many such
improvements was to enhance, the value of the
lands along their line. Thus, in point of fact,
the Government gave nothing, but afforded the
convenience to the States, and without expense to
the Government released the States of the injus-
tice of being obliged to construct improvements
through lands the large proportion of which were
owned by the United States. But when the
new States came to ask any convenience from
Congress, though it involved 4 no expense to the
Government, gentlemen were alarmed, and raised
a clamor about Wall Street broker5, speculators,
&c. One cunning agent from the North, dogging
Congress from day to day, wou'd accomplish
more than the whole twelve States of the West
together. A degree of fear, or alarm, or a baser
passion—envy, seemed to actuate gentlemen from
the older States when any measure of benefit to
the new was proposed. An individual might ask
a grant of one hundred thousand acres of the pub-
lic land, and he received a kind consideration;
but when a small pittance was asked by the new
States, it was unceremoniously refused.
The amount of land involved in this bill was
very small. He believed it did not extend along
. the road over fifteen miles; but he admitted ihis
j question, to some extent, raised the test of ihe
1 principle, whether the Government would aid the
1 States or not, in which it owned three fourlhs of
the land through which the improvements were
made.
He argued that the donation of alternate sections,
instead of beinga donation on the part of ihe Govern-
ment was in fact a substantial benefit to the Gov-
ernment, as it aided to sell the lands which other-
wise would find no purchasers. In his own Stale,
for instance, a large portion of the thirty millions
of public lands, in which were the richest prairies,
the finest hemp-growing sections in the world,
could never be settled, unless means of speedy
communication with carrying places, navigable
rivers, and of transporiton of timber, &c., "were
provided.
Mr. SWEETSER (the floor being yielded)
asked if he understood the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to yield the point of the
right of eminent domain in the States? For one,
he (Mr. S.) maintained that that right resided m
the States, and that if the only object of these bills
was to grant the right of way overihe public lands,
the bills were unnecessary. As a friend of these
works he would vote against these bills, if that
waa their only object; the States already had the
light of way across the public lands.
Mr. BOWLIN assented to the position of Mr.
] Sweetser, and said, the object of the bills was to
make greater or less grants of lands to the States
generally, of one hundred and fifty or two hundred
feet on each side of the road.
Mr. SWEETSER said, upon that state of fact3
he yielded the argument. If the object of the bills
was to grant the public lands, they were necessary,
and he desired to say, that he was in favor of
giving these lands to companies and Slates, for the
purpose of improvements.
Mr. BOWLIN resuming said, had he not been
i interrupted, he should before this have concluded
his remarks. He had ftlt it his duty, when a bill
was brought up and made the tesi of the princi-
ple—a principle vital to the people of the West,
and it was so violently attacked by the gentleman
from North Carolina, and others, to rise and make
some defence against that attack. He repeated
that the bill, in point of fact, £ave nothing to the
States, except a convenience in aiding them to
construct roads, the beneficial results of which, in
nine of the new States out of twelve, would be
felt upon three acres of the public lands to one
acre of the ciiizen, or of the State. He also again
referred to the fact that the bills themselves,
while they gave alternate sections to the States,
doubled the prices of the remaining alternate sec-
tions.
But he was told that the price of the public
lands was fixed. He would reply, that the Gov-
ernment could never sell anything like all the pub-
lic lands, even at the present minimum price.
Those were now living who would see the lands
sell at ten cents anacre. While we now possessed
some fourteen or fifteen hundred millions cf acres
of the public lands, the bill about which they
were quibbling gave scarcely two hundred dollars
worth ofland. Therewere many similar bills before
Congress: he hoped Congress would pass them
all. He commented with warmth upon the injus-
tice of imposing upon the States the necessity of
improving the public lands, and enhancing their
value, without the Government contributing one
farthing to aid m their improvement; and he earn-
estly appealed to the justice of the House to pass
this and the other similar bills.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands could inform him
