1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
698
Census Board;" on that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr KING-. I will say a few words, sir. I
myself have no earthly objection to the Secretary
ofthe Interior having chargeof these proceedings—
none whatever. f cfo not care whether it is in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior, the Secre-
tary of State, the Attorney General, the Post-
master General, or any other individual, so far as
the duties appertaining to the appointments and
regulation of the whole matter is concerned. But,
sir, E know very well, and every Senator knows,
that a proposition is pending to abolish the office
of the Minister of the Interior. How far it will
be acted upon we cannot say; but it is now pend-
ing. I was originally opposed to the establish-
ment of such an office, inasmuch as I thought it
would lead to difficulties; that it wouid produce
confusion; that it would embarrass rather than
facilitate the business of the treasury; and I still
think it is not necessary—that if we had heads of
departments properly constituted, who are com-
petent to discharge the duties, the Treasury could
get along very well, and then the whole would be
under the control of one head, and we should not
have conflicting jurisdictions, which have led to
the difficulties that have already aiisen, and which
will end nobody knows where. I make this state-
ment for the purpose of explaining why it is that
I myself shall vote that the words " Secretary of
the Interior" be stricken out—not with the inten-
tion of inserting the words "Census Board," be-
cause I think that three persons will not be able
to get along so well as one; but because there is
no certainty that the office will continue, if the
amendment succeed, 1 will move to substitute
some one officer instead of the census board.
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Senator will move
to insert either the name of the Secretary of
State or the Attorney General it will be ac-
ceptable to me. I wish to add that it is out of no
ill will toward the particular individual who will
have charge of this business. My impression has
been from the beginning that the operation of j
this department would be pernicious. 1 said more i
against it before this department was brought into !
being than I have said since. My apprehensions i
have been realized; the effect has been bad; and I i
am now unwilling to devolve other business on it '
■which can be thrown into other channels. I be-
lieve the good sense of the Administration will
lead it to see that it conduces to mischief, and that
it will be disposed of. I care not what officer is
named in place of the Secretary of the Interior; if
the Senator from Alabama will name the Secretary
of State, I shall be gratified with that, and ready
to adopt it.
Mr. KING. I should be satisfied with either
of them, and would as soon have one as the other;
I have no choice between them, but I believe the
duties devolved upon the Attorney General are less
onerous than those of the Secretary of State. I
believe the Secretary of State has as much on his
hands of appropriate duties in his department as he
can by possibility get through with, or any other
man, however industrious he may be, or however
capable of enduring labor; and I would not de-
volve further duties upon him that he cannot per-
form. I would move, therefore, to insert the
words " Attorney General " in lieu of the words
" Census Board."
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, we are now, if
I understand it, called upon to vote upon striking
out " Secretary of the Interior" and substituting
" Attorney Geneial," or " Census Board," for the
latter is the original proposition. Now, the first
objection that is made to retaining the name of the
Secretary of the Interior, and indeed it seems to j
me to be the only objection, is that by possibility !
the department may not be continued. Well, sir, j
can the senate of the United States be called upon ]
to vote upon the assumption that we are to abolish j
an existing department, to vote in the face of an i
existing law upon the assumption that that law j
may be changed, although it has been passed by a ;
majority of this very body? On the contrary, I ;
think we should act upon this matter upon the as- '
sumption that the department will continue to j|
exist, and we must act so as long as the department
exists. Now, on that assumption, to what de- ,
partment of the Government does this act apply? j
Is there anything that can come legitimately to J
this Department of the Interior more properly j
than this matter of the census; the very matter of j
all others which would apply itself to that depart-
ment strictly in character with the duties that
were intended to devolve upon that officer and
upon that department? I submit, therefore, that
in every aspect in wMch this question should be
considered, we should retain this officer. I have
no personal preferences or predilections. The*law
creating this department I hold in my hand:
"Tiie Secretary of ihe Interior shall exercise all the su-
pervisory and other powers now exeicised by the Secretary
of State in relation to all acts of the marshals and others in
taking and leiurning the census ol the United States."
Now, sir, we here have a public law upon our
statute book, making it one of his imperative du-
ties to attend to this very matter. And yet we
proceed to carry this matter (the taking of the
census) into effect. We are called upon to vote
in the face of an existing law. i submit that, in
every aspect in which tins subject can be consid-
ered, the name of the Secietary of the Interior
should be retained. I have an objection to substi-
tuting the census board. It is no organized de-
partment of this Government; it is no existing
thing, nobody having responsibility—a mere
creature, created for a particular purpose, and it is
now functus officio. Then, as to substituting the
name of the Attorney General, why, if we were
to look over the subject-matter of the duties con-
nected with the several departments of this Gov-
ernment, is there any one thing that could be less
appropriate to the duties of an Attorney General
than to attend to these statistics, these blanks, this
printing? The Attorney General, when he ac-
cepts his office, accepts it under the assumption,
at least, that he shall be charged only with those
functions with which that office has been charged
heretofore, or with something analogous thereto.
I am in favor, therefore, of the retention of the
words " Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. DAVIS. My motive in making the sug-
gestion to the Senator from New York is this: the
Senate has had this bill up at various times; it has
made various amendments in it; it has gradually
matured the bill, and I think made a pretty per-
fect bill of it; and, as there is little time remaining
to-day, and I am very wishful to bring this matter
to a close, I do hope that the original bill will be
adopted. I am certain that the bill of the Senator
from Georgia cannot be matured so as to get
through the Senate to-night. This bill being ma-
tured, I am quite willing, if the Senate should
deem it necessary, to change the direction of the
management of the bill, and I am willing to make
that a test question. At the same time, I am not
willing to strike out the words " Secretary of the
Interior," for this reason: this is an organized de-
partment of the Government; certain duties are
appropriated to it, and, among others, that of
taking charge of the census. And it is manifest
that the papers and documents belonging to this
whole concern, which indicate the history of all
past events in relation to the census, are in the
hands of this department. There is also in this
department an organization adapted to the busi-
ness. There are clerks there that have unques-
tionably a perfect acquaintance with this business;
and it seems to mc that the Senate will hardly ac-
complish the object they have m view, in attempt-
ing to create a new department, to which to refer
this subject. It seems to me most fit and suitable
to leave it to tins department.
Now, in regard to the officer himself, he is a
gentleman who has long served his country, who
has been long known to the country, who has been
a member of this body for a long while. He has
occupied a seat in another department of this Gov-
ernment. Whether he is qualified or not, is not
for me to say; but 1 have heard no allegations
against his character, his ability, his integrity, his
intelligence and competency to manage this busi-
ness; and with ail due respect to the Senate, I
would suggest that it seems to me this business
would be best confided to this department, to which
Congress decided it should be confided at the time
the department was created. In this department
there are all the requisite facilities for performing
the business with accuracy and dispatch. These
are my motives, and I certainly wish the question
may be decided without further debate.
Mr. BUTLER. I must be allowed to say a
word. I stand almost alone on this side of the
chamber. I was on the census committee, and I
found that these duties, by law, had been assigned
to the Secretary of the Interior; and 1 believe now
that the opposition to his discharging them arises
from opposition to the department itself. I obviate
that objection by a very simple process of reason-
ing; and that is, if this department shall be abol-
ished, and its duties assigned to some other, these
duties will go with the assignment, and, therefore,
I cannot see why there should be a disposition to
insist so strongly on this measure. If the duties
of the office of the Secretary of the Interior go to
the Secretary of State, this will go also. One
word more. If we wish to maintain a symmetry,
or any like congruity in our departments, we ought
to keep them separate. This creation of subordi-
nate departments to regulate the census takers, is a
temporary measure, not recognized, not known in
our system.^ Why, then, shall wc devolve upon
it duties which make it in some manner a recog-
nized department of this Government? I have
voted alone, and shall continue to vote according
to the convictions of my own conscience. I shall
vote for its going to this department, because I
think it is better to devolve it upon one department
than upon three.
Mr. DAVIS. I will withdraw my motion for
the call of the yeas and nays, if consent is given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Alabama, which is
to insert the words " Attorney General," in lieu
of the words " Census Board."
Mr. DOWNS. I only rise to suggest that I
voted yesterday to strike out " the Secretary of
the Interior," and insert44 the Census Board >" or
the name of some other officer. I would now sug-
gest some other officer rather than the Attorney
General, because he is not surrounded with clerks
capable of performing the necessary duties; I
think he has only one clerk. I would prefer the
Secretary of State, and would move to insert the
Secretary of State.
Mr. KING. I will withd raw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York modifies his amendment by inserting
the words " Secretary of State, for the words
" Census Board."
Mr. CHASE. I suggested the words " Census
Board" rather than " Secretary of the Interior,"
believing that the census board having had this
subject under their consideration, can best carry
out the whole provisions of the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say one word in
reference to what has fallen from my friend, the
Senator from South Carolina. I cannot imagine
any reason why the Senate should strike out from
this bill the words " Secretary of the Interior,"
and put in the words " Secretary of State." As
has been said by the Senatorfrorn South Carolina,
and well said, it is no matter in what form this
bill may piss, if Congress should pass an act
abolishing the Department of the Interior, it will
necessarily result, that all the subjects devolving
upon that department will pass to another, and
this among the rest. Now suppose that Congress
should not pass an act.to repeal the law establish-
ing the Department of the Interior, then how will
our legislation stand ? Here we shall nave a law
upon our statute-book creating this department,
and especially assigning to it, among other matters,
the superintendence of this busmtss—a business
perfectly gennune to this department, if it is to
exist—and appropriate to no other department of
the Government while that department is in ex-
istence; and yet we shall have, in opposition to
that, a law passed for taking the census, which di-
rects that the very duty—an important duty, and
one strictly appertaining to that department—shall
be transferred, and transferred where? To the
Secretary of State, of whom my friend from Ala-
bama has said, he has now as much business as
any other man—whatever his capacity, industry,
and intelligence may be—can discharge with sat-
isfaction to himself, and advantage to the country.
It seems to me that we had better leave tins bill as
it stands; and if the bill for abolishing the Depart-
ment ofthe Interior should pass, «hss business will
be transferred to some other department, together
with the corps of clerks who are conversant with
it to perform the duties required.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks leave to wnhdiaw the call for
the yeas and nays.
There being "no objection, tUe motion was ac-
cord i n g 1 y w 11: u! r a w n.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking out the words " Secretary of the late-
