694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
roi\" and inserting the words "Secretary of
State/'
A division being called for, there were: Yeas 20,
nays 23.
So the motion to amend was lost.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on striking out alt after the enacting clause,
and inserting the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia as amended, and on this question the
yea§ and nays are ordered.
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YE S—Messrs. Atchison, Chase, Dickinson, Down*,
Hale, Hunter, King, Ma<on, Mortoiu Rusk, and Turney—11.
NAYS—Messrs". Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Brad-
bury, Bright, Butler, Cfarke, Clay, Clfmens, Cooper, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayion, Dodge of Iowa,
Dodie of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fetch, Greene, Hamlin,
Mangum, Miller, Norris, P**arce, Phelps, Sewairi,
Shield*, Smith, Spruanee, Underwood, Wales, and Walk-
er—33.
So'the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and, on
motionof Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, theques-
tion on concurring in the several amendments taken
together was agreed to, and they were concurred
in.
Mr. KING. I wish to know whether the
amendments made to the amendment of the Sena-
tor fiom Georgia were also made to the bill as re-
gards the schedules.
Mr. DAVIS. When we were acting on the
tables, the tables of the original bill were also acted
upon.
Mr. KING. Then I am to understand that the
amendments made to the tables and acted on ap-
plied to this bill?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The question being taken on ordering the bill to
be enjjiossed-for a third reading, it was agreed to;
and the bill was read a third time and passed.
The Senate then, on motion, proceeded to the
consideration of Executive business; and, afier
some time spent therein, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, J2pril 11, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GOODENOW, by the unanimous consent
of the House, had leave to withdraw from the
files, wuh the view to their presentation to the
proper department, the papers in the case of Samuel
T. Winsiow.
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
mr. icing's report.
Mr. McWILLIE, from the Committeeon Print-
ing, rmuie two reports. The first was on the
proposition which was referred to that committee,
to pii .i twenty thousand copies of the President's
me^ge and the report communicated therewith,
of Thomas Butler King, Esq , in reJatjon to Cali-
fornia. The report in this case was accompanied
by the following resolution:
Jleso've>}, That ton thou&and copies of the message of the
Pre-ident of the t'liit^d S au*«, transmitting the report of
Tlioma- Kins, E-q., bearer of di-p.Uclies and special
agent to California, t>e punted, wuh tlm accompanying re-
port.
Mr. VENABLE took the floor.
Mr. McLANE, of Maiyland, asked the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] to
consent that the consideration of the report should
be postponed until the committees had been called
fc r repfris.
Mr ^VENABLE said that there was rather a
more important question involved in the subject
before the House than the cull of the committees
for reports.
Mr. V. then proceeded and said he had looked with
what patience he could during a session of Congress
of four mouths, upon the operation of the present
system of public printing. It had become a mon-
strous nuisance, and one upon which this House
should take aciion. They weie now asked to order
the printing often th ousand copies of the Pi esident's
message communicating Thomas Butler King's
report upon the gold mines of California. At The
first of the session he (Mr. V.) had moved a reso-
lution, which was adopted by the House, asking
for all the correspondence in the departments, and
for information as to the connection of the Presi-
dent and the Executive departments with the
formation of a State government in California
The reply was not yet printed, and would not be
for two weeks. Four months of the session had
elapsed; the printing which they had ordered at
the commencement of the session had not been
done, and they were asked to order more printing,
to add every day to the amount of printing that
was to be done. They had yet received but five
or-six copies of the President's annual message,
communicated to Congress at the commencement
of the session; and he wished to call the attention
of the House to the fact, that if this had been the
short session of Congress, which would have ex-
pired on the 4th of March, they would not, during
the whole session, have received, printed under
this contract system, a half a dozen of the docu-
ments upon which they were called to act; they
would not have been able to read them, or to send
them to their constituents. It was a monstrous
nuisance, and could not be endared.
He had taken some pains to look into this mat-
ter. During the last Congress the printing had
been infamously done under this system, and the
individuals who took the job lost money by-it.
The contract was taken lower still for the present
Congress. They had the pretence of a public
printer who had given his bond with security for
the performance of the public printing; and up to
this hour, the 11th of April, he had not done the
printing of the fiist three weeks of the session.
Mr. WHITE inquired if the Committee on
Printing had taken a bond of the printers, with
sufficient sureties ?
Mr. VENABLE replied, that bonds were given.
He had looked into them; they were bonds for
specific sums, and there were securities for the
several classes of printing. The printing of the
reports of committees was contracted for by one
man, of the* miscellaneous printing and the mes-
sages and accompanying documents, by the same,
of bills and resolutions by another, and the Jour-
nal by another; and bonds were given for the ex-
ecution of the work, under the Jaw which required
the Committee on Public Printing, if the contract-
ors failed to do it, to have it done by somebody
else, and the excess paid over the contract to be
charged to the contractors.
Mr. FOWLER inquired who the public printer
was ?
Mr. VENABLE, in reply,read from a document
before him (which the reporter was unable to ob-
tain)^ the names of the contractors and their sure-
ties for the several classes of printing.
Mr. McLAiNE rose to a question of order. He
submitted that it was not in order to enter into a
discussion of the general subject of the printing
of this House, hy the contract system or any other
system, upon a motion to print a particular report.
The debate, he submitted, must be confined strictly
to the report itself and to tiie questions growing
out of it. a
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion, that
it is not in order to discuss the system by which
the printing of the House is done, upon a motion
to print an fxtra number.
Mr. VENABLE (resuming-) said, he would
confine himself to the motion before the House,
and would show the reason why the House should !
not order the printing of this document, which j
was, that they had not been able to get any other j
that they hud ordered. He was arguing against !
the ordering of the printing now proposed, and he. j
presumed he might—and still be within the rule of I
order laid down by the Speaker—refer, by way of '
illustration, to the total neglect of duty and ina- '
bility on the part of the printers to do the printing ■
of the House under the present system.
Mr, THOMPSON,of Kentucky, interposed and
inquired if he understood the Speaker to say that
upon the question of printing this particular docu- i
ment it was in order to discuss the general question i
of printing?
The bPEAKER stated that he was of opinion '
that it was not in order to discuss the general i
question of printing upon a motion to print extra i
copies of a particular report. But where there was i
an indisposition on the part of the House to con- 1
fine themselves to the question properly under con- >
sideration, every member must be aware that it
was no very difficult matter to evade the point of
order. It was imposstble for the Chair to say
precisely how far remai ks were relevant—how far
the discussion was in order. It was the opinion
of the Chair that it was out of order to discuss the
general question of printing upon the present mo-
tion. The debate ought to be limited to the ques-
tion before the House. But the Chair could not
control the argument of the gentleman if he chose,
by way of illustration, to refer to facts connected
with the manner in which the printing of the House
was executed.
Mr. THOMPSON (Mr. Venable yielding)
said, the joint committee on printing, aware of the
difficulties connected with the present system, and
anxious to remove them, had prepared a plan,
which was now under the consideration of the
Senate, which would remove those difficulties, and
which he believed would meet a ready approval
in the House. He had supposed that before this
I time the subject would have been acied on by the
| Senate and sent down to this House. He sug-
J gested to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
I Venable] and to the House, that a geneial dis-
| cussion of the subject at this time woulj be pre-
i mature, and that they should wait until they le-
; ceived the action of the Senate-. Or if the gentle-
] man would move any proposition which would
! give to the Committee on Printing of this House
! authority to act upon the subject, they would re-
! port what in their opinion was the proper course
i to he taken.
1 Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
| from Kentucky be good enough to answer me a
j question?
i Mr. THOMPSON" replied in the affirmative.
| Mr. WENTWORTH wished to know of the
| gentleman if the plan which the Commiitee on
I Printing were ready to report, contemplated that
j the public printers or their sureties should profit by
I the wrong they were now doing to the House and
j the country ?
! Mr. THOMPSON replied that to answer the
I question would be to go into a general discussion—
' the very thing which at this time he was anxious
| to avoid, and which was out of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he wanted to know
of the gentleman whether the printers were to real-
ize anything under the plan which was to he pro-
posed by the committee—to put anything into their
own pockets to pay them for having kept the
printing back and violated their contract?
Mr.THOMPSON stated that it was in the con-
templation of the committee to propose to the
House to put out the printing at a compensation
! twenty per cent. less than the rates paid under the
: joint resolution of 1819. The gentleman asked
whether the contractors were to profit by their
own wrong. He (Mr. T.) did not undertake to
decide that question; he would refer it to the gen-
tleman himself. The contractors at the last Con-
gress and at the present Congress were the gentle-
, man's own political friends. The gentleman from
j- Illinois and the House could decide for themselves
whether the bid of this session was a fraudulent
. hid to break down the contract system, or not,
! Whether it was the case or not, he (Mr. T ) waa
. unable to say. He made no such imputation.
He would remind the gentleman that the contract-
ors for the last Congress, as well as the present,
were the gentleman's own political friends,
i Mr. WENTWORTH (in his seat) said, in busi-
i ness matters for the public he knew no friends.
I Mr. THOMPSON said, as a business matter,
j he knew that the public printing could n.it be done
j under the present system. If the House desired
j the committee to order the printing to be done by
| others, and to hold the contractors and their sure-
i ties responsible for the difference, let it so be done.
| But in business matters, let them have something
practicable. He doubted whether this would be
! practicable, as no contractor m the history of this
, Government had ever been made liable for a fnil-
j ure of this kind to fulfill his contract. Y>iu may
; as well undertake to make a militia colonel re-
I sponsible under his bonds given for public arms
j delivered into his hands for distribution. The
only practicable way was to take the work from
the pre-ent contractor, pay them for the work
they had done, and give it out in future at rates
for which it could be done. He (Mr. T.) was
originally in favor of the contract system, but as
it was now working, the printing could not be
done under it.
He now submitted to bis friend from North
Carolina, that if the merits of thecase were brought
up in a tangible shape, by a resolution coming
down from the Senate, or by a resolution moved
in the House, and sent to the committee, he ven-
tured to say that the Committee on Printing were
