1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. IB,5
What was the aggregate quantity of acres of pub-
lic hinds granted by this bill to Alabama?
Mr. BO VVLIN replied, that there could not be
over seven or eight thousand acres—and he pre-
sumed less than that amount.
Mr. HUBBARD obtained the floor, and yielded
for a moment, at the request of
Mr. JONES, who inquired of the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands if he had any idea
of *what quantity of lands was now asked by the
various railroad bills?
Mr. BOWLIN was understood to say that he
could not give the gentleman the information.
Mr. HUBBARD then proceeded to address the
House in favor of the bill, and in reply to the ob-
jections raised by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Veuable.] He (Mr. H.) admitted
that the gentleman had put the objections in the
strongest light, but declared that he would be per-
fectly content that the vote of the House should
be given against the bill, if he (Mr. H.) did not
successfully answer these objections.
Mr. BISSELL followed- I shall vote, he said,
in favor of this bill. I shall vote for it from a deep
conviction of my duty as a Representative here,
and not because my State or my constituents are
to be benefited by it at all, for they cannot by any
possibility be so. But 1 support the bill upon
principle. A great deal of reflection has con-
vinced me that the true policy of the Government
is to encourage works of this description by such
appropriations of public land as this bill asked for.
I have no idea at this time of entering into an elab-
orate discussion. I think that all the arguments
which bear directly upon the question have been
forcibly presented already. I merely desire, before
calling the previous question, as I intend to do, to
reply briefly to one or two suggestions which have
been thrown out by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] The gentleman inti-
mates that the public lands should be held sacred
as a fund—or as a source from which a fund is to
be derived to pay the public debt; and he calls it
di&honesty, knavery, flagitious knavery, to appro-
priate their proceeds to any other object. Is the
gentleman serious in attemptingto make this House
believe that the funds to be derived from the sales
of the public lands are of scarcely any appreciable
consequence towards the payment of the public
debt? Is the gentleman aware that the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands for the next
live years, according to all reasonable calculations
which have been made, will not pay a fifth—no,
not an eighth—of the annually accruing interest on
the public, debt ?
Mr. VENABLE (interposing, and Mr. B.
yielding the floor) said: Are not the public lands
pledged for the payment of the debt; and are not
the mortgage and the pledge equally a mortgage
and a pledge, whether the amount of the funds
from the public lands is little or great?
Mr. BISSELL. 1 will answer the inquiry of
the gentleman from North Carolina with great
pleasure. The public lands were pledged sub
inodo, with the understanding that the United
States should go on and appropriate the lands as
they ever had done, and no other construction has
ever been put upon the pledge, until the present
session of Congress.
Mr.VENABLE. AtthelastsessionofCongress
that construction was put upon it by everybody.
Mr. BISSELL. If that is so, how does the
gentleman reconcile it to his conscience to vote
away the public money for any other object?
Does not the gentleman know, that by voting
money for the support of the navy, or for any
other purpose, he is taking money from the pub-
lic Treasury which has been pledged for the pay-
ment of the public debt?
Mr. VENABLE The revenue is pledged as
well for the support of the Government as for the
redemption of the public debt. When that debt
is due, all the revenues of the Government are
pledged for its payment; but it is something new
to suppose that none of the resources of the Gov-
ernment can be used for its current expenses with-
out violating a pledge for the payment of its debts.
The public lands were specifically mortgaged.
The revenue is bound only by the general obliga-
tion which sustains the public credit.
Mr. GREEN desired, with the permission of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] to
ask the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] a question.
Mr. BISSELL yielded for the purpose.
Mr. GREEN said he wished merely to ask a
simple question of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina; and it was this: was not the irevenue derived
from duties on imports, as expressly pledged for
the payment of the public debt as the proceeds of
the lands? And yet the gentleman had voted re-
lief, this session, to a railroad company of North
Carolina, which was bound for the duty on iron
imported, and had otherwise affected by his votes
that pledge, which was certainly as sacred as the
public lands.
Mr. VENABLE. The revenue is pledged both
for the payment of the public debt and the support
of the Government. The funds of the sales of the
public lands were pledged for the payment of in-
terest on a specific loan, negotiated during the
Mexican war. This pledge remains in full force,
and I am unwilling to remove mortgaged property
and devote its proceeds without the consent of the
mortgagee. The gentleman is mistaken in sup-
posing that I voted for any gratuity to any North
Carolina railroad. The measure for which I voted
only extended the time of payment of duties on
railroad iron, bond and security being given for the
duties, and interest being paid thereon. Whilst
other States had duties on railroad iron remitted
entirely, the North Carolina railroad only asked
for delay of payment, and gave good security for
the debt.
Mr. BISSELL, (resuming the floor.) Have
you voted for an appropriation of a single dollar
for any purpose ?
Mr. VENABLE. I think not. I do not rec-
ollect whether I have or not.
Mr. BISSELL. Well, if you hove, where is the
consistency of your argument? If you have not,
in what position is the Government to be placed
by carrying out this doctrine? If the gentleman's
doctrine is correct—that the public lands are to be
held as a sacred pledge for the payment of the
public debt, and that as they are so held, we
are not to vote a dollar for any other object, what
is the result? Suppose we adopt the gen leman's
argument, I should like to know how this, Gov-
ernment could get along now? This is the great
bugbear which is held up to us. It is the main
argument relied upon to prevent these appropria-
tions of land by the General Government—which
the dispassionate judgment and thesound discrim-
ination of all men having any personal knowledge
of these things, tell us constitute our true policy.
But the gentleman is greatly alarmed lest the Wall
street speculators should avail themselves of the
benefit of this appropriation to the State of Alaba-
ma. Now, I would suggest in all kindness to the
gentleman, that the Representatives from that
State are shrewd and watchful men, who seem to
understand the interests of their State, and if they
do not fear any such consequences as that these
lands will go to the benefit of Wall street specula-
tors, I think the gentleman from North Carolina
may make his mind easy on the subject. Bat,
Mr. Speaker, I have detained the House longer
than I had intended. I call the previous question.
Mr. ROOT asked Mr. B. to withdraw the de-
mand.
Mr. JONES. As the previous question is
called, I move that the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I am urged on all sides 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
! draw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. BISSELL. No.
The question was then stated to be on the mo-
tion of Mr. Jones, that the bill be laid upon the
table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
The question, "Shall the bill be laid on the
table?" was token and decided in the negative—
yeas 72, nays 101; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Averetf, Bayly, Beale, Ben-
nett, Booth, Bo\d, Burt, Chester Butler, Joseph Cable,
George A Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Car ter, Crowe!!,
Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Duncan, Ed-
mnnd>or , Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry, Gould,
Hamilton. Hampton, Haralson, Ifham G. Han is, Hav,
Flenrv, Hibbard, Holladav, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, Jones, Preston Kinc, Littlefii. ld, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan, McMullen, Miller, Million, Morris, Ogle, Parker,
Pea?-lee, Powell, Reynolds, Root, Ross, Rum^ey, Savaee,
Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester Thaddeus ^teyetis,
Stetson, Strong, Pwe^tser, Thoma*, Jame<i Thompson,
Thurman, Tuck, Venabie, Vinton, Wallace, Wildrick, and
Woodward—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Baker,
Bingham, Bissell, Bowdon, Bowie. Bowlin, Brings, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows,
Thomas B. Butler, E. Carrington Cafcell, Calvin, Campbell,
Chandler, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coleoek,
Cole, .Corwm, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Ewrtig,
Featherston, Fitch, Gentry, Gilmore, Gott, Green, Bal^
Halloway, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hayiftond, Hiiliard, floagiand, Howard, Hubbard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Julian, Kaufman, George G. King, James G. King,
La Sfere, LelTJer, Horaee Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matte
son, McClernand, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissoe'fc,
McQueen, McWillie, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Olds, Orr, Oils, Outlaw, Owen, Phelps, Phcsnfx, Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Richardson. Rose, Sackett, School-
craft, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick r. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn,
Wentwouhj White, Williams, and Young—101.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. INGE. Before the question is put, I de-
sire to say to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bissell,] that 1 hope he will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, to allow an im-
portant amendment to be introduced.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending,
to refer the bill to the Committee on Public Lands;
and whilst that motion is pending, a motion to
amend will not be in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Speaker.) Ifthe
demand for the previous question is withdrawn,
and the motion to refer should be voted down,
will an amendment be in order?
The SPEAKER. In that event, an amcifd-
ment will be in order.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the demand
for the previous question, and Messrs. Williams
and Bingham were appointed.
Mr. VINTON". If the previous question should
be withdrawn, I shall have no objection to with-
draw my motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands, in order that amendments may
be offered.
The question, Will the House second the de-
mand for the previous question ?" was then taken,
and the vote stood—ayes 77, noes 51.
So there was a second.
Mr. VINTON, (to the Speaker.) If the main
question should be ordered, what will be the
effect ?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to bring
the House first to a vote on the motion to refer,
and, failing that, on ordering the bill to a third
reading.
Mr. RUMSEY. I ask the yeas and nays on
the reference of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " Shall the bill be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands,'' was taken and de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 79; a-s fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bennett, Booth, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler, Joseph
Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Ca-ey, Chandler, Claike,
Crowell, Debery, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Duncan,
Dunham, Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freediey,
Gerry, Gould, Hallowav, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson,
I>ham G. Hariis, Hay, Henry, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Jones Georse G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Pres-
ton King, LittlefieJd, Mason, Matteson, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan, Meacham, Miller, Millson, Moore, Morns, Nel-
son, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Parker, Pfaslee, Pitman, Powell,
Putnam, Re^J, Reynolds, Root, Boss, Rumsey, Savage,
Savvtclle, Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvt&ter, Stanly,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thomas, James Thompson, Thuruian, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Venabie, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, and Wil-
drick—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Baker,
Bingham, Bissell, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breek,
A. G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, T. B. Butler, G. A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingnidii, W. R. W. Cobo,
Colcock, Cole, Corwin,Doty, Durkee, Shot, Ewing, Feath-
er^on, Fitch, Fuller, Gentrv, GiJmore. Gott,Green, Hall, S.
W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Havmond, Milliard, Howard, Hub-
bard, Jnge, J. W. Jackson, J. L. Johnson. R. W. Johnson,
Kerr, La Sfere, Leffler, Horace Mann, Marshall, McCler-
nand, McDonald, McGaugbey, McQueen, Mor«e, Morton,
Orr, Owen, Phelps, Phienix, Potter, Richardson, Rohm^on,
Rose, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sprague, Frederick P.
. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Jacob Thompson, John B.
: Thompson,Toombs, Underfill!, Walden, Wellborn, Went-
worth, White, WiUiams, nd Young—79.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
capt. LEWIS WARRINGTON",
The next hill was a bill from the Senate for the
relief of Captain Lewis Warrington and others;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. This is a bill
precisely similar to one already considered and re-
ported by the Naval Committee. I hope that no
objection will be made to its passage.
The bill was read.
