mo.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. This bill can only be con-
sidered by unanimous consent, as it makes an ap-
propriation.
Mr. HALL objecting,
Mr. STANTON moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. STANLY. Is any objection made to action
upon the bill now ?
The SPE A K ER. The Chair understands there is.
Mr. STANLY. I am satisfied that the gentle-
man who makes the objection does not understand
what the bill is.
Mr. THOMAS moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of Claims.
The question being first on the motion of Mr.
Sta#fon, was put and agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE HON. J.
GIDDINGS.
Mr. OTIS, from the select committee on the
charge against Hon. Joshua R. Giddings, of ab-
stracting certain papers from the Post Office De-
partment, asked leave to make a report.
Mr. BOWLIN. Is the report in order?
Tfte SPEAKER. This committee was raised
under a decision of the House that it was a ques-
tion of privilege. As such, the report would be
in order at any time as a question of privilege.
The report of the committee was read, as fol-
lows:
The select committee appointed under a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, " to inves-
tigate the charges against the Hon. Joshua R.
Giddings, of having improperly abstracted papers
from the fiies of the Post Office Department,*' with
power to send for persons and papers, have at-
tended to the duty assigned them, and ask leave to
report:
The committee have called before them the per-
sons in this city who were supposed to be able to
give information upon the subject referred to in
the resolution; and it appeared from their testimony
that papers relating to the appointment and re-
moval of the postmaster at Oberlin, had been im-
properly abstracted from the files of the Post Office
Department. Authority was sent to Ohio to take the
depositions of those who had received any of the
abstracted papers, and of any others who could
give information touching this matter. These de-
positions, the minutes of testimony, and such of
the abstracted papers as have been returned, are
herewith submitted. Neither from the examina-
tion of witnesses, nor from the depositions, were
they able to ascertain with certainty by whom the
papers were abstracted.
The committee are, however, unanimous in the
opinion, that there is no proof that Mr. Giddings
abstracted the papers, that they were transmitted
to Ohio by him or under his fiank, or that he was
in any way connected with the transaction.
They therefore submit, for the adoption of the
House, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee appointed "to investi-
gate the charge against the Hon. Joseph R. Giddings of
having improperly abstracted papers from the files of the
Post Ofhce Depaitment," be discharged from the further
consideiation of the subject."
TheSPEAKER, (to Mr. Otis.) Does the gentle-
man submit any motion connected with the report?
No response being given—
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
agreeing to the resolution; which being taken,
The resolution was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. BOYD. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
The Representatives elect from California, Messrs.
Gilbert and Wright, are in attendance, and de-
sire to be sworn in.
Mr. YENABLE said, he desired to raise the
question which he had suggested yesterday, as to
the right of these gentlemen to seats in the House.
He was proceeding to state his point, when
Mr. TOOMBS interposed, and suggested that
as these gentlemen came here with prima facie evi-
dence of being entitled to their seats, the proper
course would be to admit them; and the question
which the gentleman raised would better come be-
fore the House by a subsequent reference to the
Committee on Elections.
Mr. YENABLE. I was about to move to refer
the subject to that committee, and to give my
reasons for so doing.
Mr. INGE suggested to the gentleman from
North Carolina, that before he proceeded the House
ought to have the case before them.
Mr. YENABLE yielded, and
The commission of Messrs. Wright and Gil-
bert, as Representatives elect from the State of
California, over the signature of the Governor of
that State, was read:
J, Peter H. Burnett, Governor of the State of California
certily;that at an election held on the 13th day of November'
in the year of our Lord 1849, in pursuance of the sixth sec-
tion ot the schedule appended to the constitution of ihe
fet&te of California, Eduart Gilbert was duly elected a
member of the House of Representatives of the Congress of
the United States, for the State of California, havin  re-
ceived the second highest number of votes given at%aid
election for any one person.
In testimony whereof, I have caused the great seal of the
State ot Cahiornia to be heieunto affixed.
Given under my hand at the Pueblo de San Jos6, the 22d
Tsla-lI day of December, in the year of our Lord 1849,
t J and of the independence of the United Stales
the 74ih. PETEil H. jBUitiNIETT.
By the Governor.
Countersigned by
W. Van Voorhies, Secretary of State.
[The commission ,of Goorge W. Wright is
similar to the above, except that he is certified to
have received the highest number of votes given
for any person.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, called for the
reading of the sixth section of the schedule ap-
pended to the California constitution, which was
read, as follows:
Slc. —. This constitution shall be submitted to the peo-
ple for their ratification or lejection, at the yeneral election
to be held on Tuesday, the thirteenth daj of November next.
The e-xocuuve of tiie existing government of California is
hereby requested to issue a proclamation to the people, di-
recting the prefects of the several districts, or m case ol va-
cancy, the sub-preftcts or pernor judge ol the first instance,
to cause such election to be held on the day aforesaid in
their respective districts. The eltction shall he conducted
in the manner which was presenbed for the election ol del-
egates to this convention, except that the piefect, sub pre-
lect, or senior judge ol tiie first instance, ordering such elec-
tion in each district, shall have power to designate any addi-
tional number ot places tor opening the polls; and that, in ev-
ery place of holding the eleulion, a regular poll list  h,ill be
kept by the judge*, and inspector ol election. It shall also be
the duty ol these judges and inspectors ot election, on tiie
day aloiesaid, to reeuive the votes of the electors* qualified
to vote at j-uch i lection. Each voter shall express his opin-
ion by depositing in the ballot box a ticket whereon shall he
written or printed "Poi the Coii-utuliun," or "Against
ihe Constitution," or some Mich words as will distinctly
convey the intention ot the voter. These judges and in-
spectors shall al>o receive the votes tor the several otiictrs
to be voted for at the said election as herein provided. At
the close of the election the judges and inspectors shall
carefully count each ballot, and forthwith make duplicate
returns' thereof to the prefect, sub-piefeci, or senior judge of
fiist instance, as the case in:iybH,ot their respective dis-
tricts ; and said prefect, sub-pielect, oi senior judge of first
instance, shall tiansnut one or the same by the most safe
and rapid conveyance, to the Secretary of State. Upon the
receipt of said returns, or on the tenth day of Dtct-mbtr
next, if the returns be not sooner received, it shall be the
duty of the board of canv.isseis, to consist ol the Secretary
of State, one ol the judges of the superior court, the prelect,
judge ol first instance, and an alcalde of the district of Mon-
terey, or any thrte of the aforementioned officers, in the
presence of all who shall choose to attend, to compare the
vote© given at said election, and to immediately publish an
abstract of tiie same m one or more of the newspapers of
California. And the executive will also, immediately after
having ascertained that the constitution has been ratified by
the people, make proclamation ol the (act; and thencelortli
this constitution shall be ordained and established as the
constitution ot California.
Sec. 8. At the gt-neral election aforesaid, viz: the thir-
teenth day of November next, there shall be elected a Gov-
ernor, Lieutenant Governor, mrmbers ol the .Legislature,
and also two members ot Congress.
The section having been read—
[Mr. Venable's constitutional argument against
the admission of these Representatives, and the
interruptions by Messrs. Stevens of Pennsylvania,
Stanton of Kentucky, Toombs, and McCler-
nand had not been furnished when this number
was put to press. They will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. V. having concluded by moving that the
credentials be referred to the Commute on Elec-
tions—
Mr. ROBINSON obtained the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
point of order.
Neither the point of order, nor the Speaker's
decision, nor the few remarks of Mr. Thompson,
were heard on the left of the Chair. The
outline is understood to be as follows:
Mr. THOMPSON made the point of order, that
the credentials of the gentlemen claiming to repre-
sent the State of California in this House were
upon the Speaker's table; that the Speaker knew
that such a State as California was in existence
and a member of the Confederacy; that the Speaker
ought to presume thatthese gentlemen were elected
Representatives according to law; that the geritle-
men asked to be sworn as such; and that it was
the duty of the Speaker, immediately on the pre-
sentation of the credentials under the seal of the
State, to administer the oath of office.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
His decision was, that if objection wa3 made, it
was the duty of the House, not of the Speaker, to *
determine the question. And the Speaker justified
this decision by reference to that clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States (section 5, article J,)
which provides that " each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, appealed
from the decision, and made a few remarks, (of
which little was heard on the left of the Chair.)
He was understood to submit, that he knew that
the credentials under the seal of the State were
not binding upon the House, but that the Speaker,
as the presiding officer of the House, was to see
whether the persons claiming seats were prima
facie entitled to them, and if so it was his duty to
swear them. California was as much a State of
the Union as Pennsylvania was, and if he pre-
sented himself at the bar of the House with his
credentials in the proper form, under the seal of
his State, as a representative from Pennsylvania,
what was to prevent his being sworn ? The
credentials of these gentlemen were before the
Speaker—there was no impeachment of their au-
thenticity—not a word was said against fhem; and
until the issue was tried, these gentlemen were as
much entitled to their seats as any other members
of the House.
Mr. MORSE said the proposition appeared to
him to be so plain and simple, that he thought it
could scarcely fail to satisfy every man who had not
made up his mind to do a certain thing, viz: to
bring in the gentlemen who were claiming to repre-
sent California, even if it had to be done in viola-
tion of law and the Constitution. And (continued
Mr. M.) the gentleman whfo has been honored
by this House, by being made the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, rises and tells the House
and the country that you, sir, are the only person
who is to judge and decide upon the question of
their admission.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania (the floor
being temporarily yielded to him,) said the gentle-
man, 1 am sure, does not mean to misrepresent me,
and he ought not to misunderstand me. I said
nothing of the kind. What i said was, that upon
the presentation of prima facie evidence of election,
it was the duty of the Speaker to swear in the
member, and the question as to the legality or il-
legality of the election, was a question for the
House afterwards to determine.
Mr. MORSE (resuming) said, I believe, sir,
that I know what the rule is in regard to prima
facie evidence, although I do not belong to the Ju-
diciary Committee, ltmeans this, that the produc-
tion of such evidence—whether it be the broad seal
of a State, or any other instrument or kind of evi-
dence—shall be deemed conclusive, unlessobjection
is made; but if objected to, it goes for nothing
until the question is decided. Prima facie evidence
is not evidence upon which to base a decision, un-
less it be admitted to be conclusive by every mem-
ber of the House, or a majority of the members of
the House. That is the test. Sir, unless the
whole thing has been predetermined, it does ap-
pear to me that gentlemen could have no hesitation
m admitting the fact that the question of admissi-
bility rests with the House.
If these gentlemen are not the persons who
were elected, or if they have been delegated by
those who possessed no authority whatever to
elect them—if the proceedings connected with
their election have been irregular and illegal, will
any man undertake to affirm that it is a question
for the Speaker of this House to der.ide whether
they shall be permitted to come in and take their
seats as members of this House, and to vote with
us on all questions that are before this House?
No, sir. Every member of this House has a
right to vote upon the question of the admission
of a new member. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should present himself here with a cer-
tificate of election from the old Keystone State,
the Iron State, or by whatever name he may
choose to designate her, and claim to be admitted
