1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0$E.
695
ready, as quickly as it could be done, to conform
to the sense of the House, whether that sense was
that the printing should be given to others, and
the difference charged upon the bond, or that the
connactors should be relieved from their contract
and the work be given out at other rates. He ap-
pealed to the gentleman not to discuss the ques-
tion at present, but wait until it should be brought
up, not incidentally, not collaterally, but in a di-
rect, tangible form. Let the gentleman discuss
the printing of this report as much as he pleased,
but defer the discussion of the general question
until it came up propeily.
Mr. VENABLE (resuming) said his friend
from Kentucky had made the very speech he had
intended to make, and much better than he could
have made it.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
A message was here received from the Senate,
foynheir Secretary, A. Dicxins, Esq., informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill pro-
vidingfor the taking of the seventh census.
Mr. VENABLE (still remaining upon the floor)
said he desired to move that the bill just received
from the Senate be referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee and printed.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Pennsylvania, (the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary,) said he
desired to make another motion in refeience to the
subject. He hoped the gentleman [Mr. Venable]
would allow him: it was very important that the
motion which he desired, should be made.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Venable.) Does the
gentleman give way r
Mr. VENABLE. I will make the motion for
the gentleman.
Mr. McLANE insisted upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the message just
received from the Senate could not now be taken
up, except by the unanimous consent of the House,
the question of printing being in order.
Mr. McLANE insisted upon the regular order :
of business.
MR. KING'? REPORT ON CALIFORNIA.
So Mr. VENABLE (retaining the floor) pro-
ceeded with his remarks upon the motion to print
ten thousand extra copies of the message commu-
nicating T. Butler King's report.
As lie had before remarked, his friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] had made a much
better speech than he could have done, and had
given the information to the House which he (Mr.
V.) had desired should come before it. In relation
to the report of Mr. King, which was now on the
table, whether it should be printed or not, he was
not now going to discuss. Tiie Hou.^e were in no
condition now to do it—he considered it a fair
objection to the motion, that the printing could
not now be done.
He (Mr. V.) wished here to be permitted to say,
that he had not acted in this matter without consult-
ing his friend from Mississippi, [Mr. McWillie,]
who was at the head of the Committee on Print-
ing. He had told that gentleman on yesterday
that he should bring the subject before the House.
He had no complaint to make against the Com-
mittee on Printing—not the slightest;.but he con-
sidered it a duty to the country, to the House, and
to his constituents that this subject should be
brought up, and that some reason should be given
to the country why they were accumulating or-
ders to print, when none were executed. Let them
pass the order this morning to print ten thousand
extra copies of this report,"and they would not be
likely to get it, under the present system of print-
ing, until next year; for they had just received the
printing which they had ordered last year. Over
four months had elapsed of this session, and they
had not received the printing ordered at the com-
mencement of the session. It was idle to order
more printing, when, under the present system of
printing, it could not he done. He meant to objcct
to the printing of anything until this heap of meal
was piobed to the bottom—until it was fully as-
certained who was in fault, or what was in fault—
whether it was the contractor or the system. If
it was ihe system, let them change it; if the con-
tractors, let them be held responsible, no matter
who they were. He should therefore vote against
the printing of this California paper, or any other
paper, until some action was taken in reference to
the general subject of printing. This system of
making contracts and not compelling compliance,
of submitting to delays and receiving excuses for
them, fixed upon, them a burden which could
only be compared to Sinbad the Sailor's Old Man
of the Sea, who rode him day and night. And
they were to be rode m the same way until, by
some effort of their own, they compelled the print-
ers to comply with their contracts, or inflicted
upon them the penalty. He had no disposition
to bear hardly upon the present undertaker. He
was willing to adopt any practicable mode which
would secure the execution of the public printing
without inflicting injury upon the present con-
tractor, or making him an example, when others
under similar circumstances had been relieved.
He was for discharging the printer from the con-
tract, if it was a losing one, and for employing
competent printers to do the work as it ought to
be done, that they might receive the documents in
an expeditious manner, and no longer be subjected
to injurious and troublesome delays.
■Mr, THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, next ob-
tained the floor, and said he wished to interrupt
the business now under consideration for a single
moment. He would state to the House that, a
few days since, by instruction of the Committee
on the Judiciary, he had reported the census bill,
having waited on the Senate for a month without
receiving it. Since that time the bill had passed
the Senate and been sent to the House. His ob-
ject in getting the floor at this time was to move
the reference of the Senate bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and that it be printed, and that
the House bill be recommitted to the same com-
mittee, in order that they might produce one bill
\] to the House for its action. He made that mo-
ll tion.
:j The SPEAKER stated that the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania could only be re-
ceived by the unanimous consent of the House at
this time.
! Mr. HUBBARD said before the vote was
taken, he wished to know if the Senate bill was
printed ?
; Mr. THOMPSON replied that it was not, but
, that he had moved its printing.
! Mr. HUBBARD said he wished it to be printed,
i The SPEAKER stated the motion of Mr.
i Thompson, and inquired whether it was received
i by the unanimous consent of the House?
! Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he should
! greatly ptefer to see the bills on the Speaker's
I table taken up in their regular order. Other busi-
ness hacl been lying there for weeks, which he
wished the House to take up.
Mr. THOMPSON said, having the floor, I call
for the special order of the day. 1 believe that the
census bill is the special order, and that it is in
order to call it up at any time.
The SPEAKER. The census bill is the special
order, but it is pending before the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. The business
now before the House is the legitimate business,
until the House resolves itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON. I move to go mio a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of taking up the bill which is the
special order for to-day, unless my fiiend from ;
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] withdraws his objec- :
tion, and allows the motion i have made to be
put.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he should
dislike very much to delay this matter. But there
were other bills which had been laying on the
Speaker's table for some weeks—one or two in
which the State of Mississippi was very much
interested, which he would like to see taken up m
their order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania move to go into Committee ef the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I do.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
that motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that, be-
fore the motion was put, he hoped that the House
would come to some understanding about the mat-
ter. It seemed to him that it would be improper
to take up the bill m committee before having the
bill from the Senate regularly before them. He
thought that the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary [Mr. Thompson] would see the impro-
priety of doing so.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, paid he
had been endeavoring to explain^ that very point
to the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi.- Let us at
all events, when we do take up the bill, go pra^i-
cally at work.
Mr. PRESTON KING ma^e a remark or sug-
gestion, of which nothing was heard by the re-
porter.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Thompson, of Penn-
sylvania.) Does the gentleman insist on his mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union? The Chair Understands the
motion of the gentleman, in the first place, to have
been, that by unanimous consent the Senate bill
in relation to the census should be read a fiist * ud
second time, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and be printed; and that the Commirtee
of the Whole on the state of the Union should be
discharged from the consideration of the bill on
the same subject heretofore reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary of this House, and
that it be recommitted to the last mentioned com-
mittee, so that the whole subject may be before it.
This motion can only be made by unanmious con-
sent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion is, that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES desired, he said, to put an inquiry
to the Chair. It was this—the census bill having
been made the special order for this day, he de-
sired to be informed whether the House had any
discretion except to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ? in other words,
could that special order be rescinded except by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The bill is in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and is made
the special order for this day; but it cannot be
acted upon except in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and if the House should
refuse to go into committee, the Chair is not aware
of any process by which the House can be com-
pelled to act upon the bill; the bill is not in the
House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (to the Speaker.) What
i will be the position of the motion to pi int Mr.
i King's report, if I should now withdraw my objec-
j tion to the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
j vania, [Mr. Thompson.'] I have no wish to delay
the action of the House on that bill.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution in rela-
tion to printing the report would come up as un-
finished business; or, in other words, it would take
precedence of other business.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If our public printers
are so slow 
The SPEAKER. This business will be in or-
der at any time; because the Committee on Public
Printing is authorized to report at any time,
i Mr. WENTWORTH then withdrew his ob-
: jection to the motion of Mr. Thompson, of Penn-
! sylvania.
| Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he would
i withdraw his objection also. He did not like to
interfere with the bill.
The bill from the Senate, providing for the taking
of the seventh census of the United Staler, was
then read a fiist and second time by its title.
Mr. FOWLER inquired whether it was in order
to move that the bill be read ?
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman insisted
on the reading of the bill, the question must be
put to the House.
Mr. FOWLER did not insist on the reading.
Mr. WHITE inquiied of the Speaker wheiher,
if the Senate bill was committed to the CommiUee
on the Judiciary, the special older would not
thereby be absolved?
The'SPEAKER. Undoubtedly it will be so.
The question now is on referring: the Scr-ate bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Jt was so ordered.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was then discharged from the further
consideration of the bill on the same subject here-
tofore reported from the Committee on she Ju-
diciary, and it was recommitted to the said com-
mittee.
And the printing of the Senate bill was ordered.
