698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April llj
mr. "KING S REPORT.
The question then recurred on the report of the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he thought Mr.
King's report one of great interest, and especially
to the people in those sections of the country
where was the largest emigration to California.
He (Mr. W.) thought the number too small, and
moved to strike out ten thousand and insert one
^hundred thousand.
The public printers had been alluded to. Old
members knew whathad beengiven out respecting
the public printing at the last session of Congress,
and it looked td him as if those givmgs out were to
become facts. New members ought to look into
this matter and see if there is no fraud, no man of
straw used by which certain men were laboring to
break up the contract system. He favored a se-
lect committee empowered to send for persons and
papers before any new move was made to make
any concern in this city a gainer by its own
wrong. Who are the backers of our printers?
Look at the bond, gentlemen! Are we to put
hundreds of thousands of dollars into the pockets
of men who fail to make good their bond, for the
especial purpose of compelling us to declare their
contract abandoned ?
He had heard of a deep laid scheme to divide
out the public printing, and it wjs due to the
country that a committee should be appointed to
inquire if any of those who are to be profited by
this division of the spoils are on the bond of the
pr.esent public printer, and what instrumentality,
if any, such person had in palming upon the coun-
try, as a responsible man to do such a vast amount
of work, one of his own journeymen. There might
have been fraud, at least a trick, in this matter.
Certainly it looked bad for men to be at work to
get themselves elected publicprinters under the old
extortionary rates, who had aided the present con-
tractor in getting the printing from other bidders,
who would have done the work promptly. If he
understood the project now agitated in the dark,
among confidential friends, the office of public
printer would be the best under the Government.
He (Mr. W.) was for the contract system, and
it was the fault of the contractors themselves and
not the Government, if they did not get good
prices. They bid with their eyes wide open.
There was no more reason why the contract system
in relation to public printing should be abandoned
than that in relation to beef and pork for the army
and navy, or that in relation to the carrying the
United States mail.
But if the contract system was to he abandoned,
he was for Government doing its own printing.
He was for divorcing the Government from the
press. He did not believe in organs, except on j
the principle, that every man should support his !
own organ. A man can grind any tune he pleases I
on his own organ, but he ought to pay his own
bills. He objected to taxing his constituents to :
pay any naan for supporting a newspaper, under |
pretence of a national organ. Indeed there was ;
no national organ, and could not be, where there i
was such a great diversity of opinion as there was I
in this country. The Government and the press j
should be fully divorced,-or else it should aid one (|
press as much as another. ;
Government ought to do its own printing, and i
then it could control it in its own way. Next to |
the contract system, he preferred a Government
printing establishment, and he believed we would j
yet have to come to that plan, unless the contract
system should be sustained. :
It would not be in order to move for a select ;
committee to-day, unless by unanimous consent,;
and lie feared that the schemers might have some |
friend here to object to-day, if he made the motion.
He honed, however, this scheme to make million-
aires out of new public printers, would not be en- j
tertained, until a thorough investigation of the
present contract was held. Tne priming was kept i
back, and, it was suggested, purposely kept back, !
in order to make the present system odious. He :
hoped, before the public piinting was iriven to
any one, a committee would be appointed to see if ■
that person was not either as surety, or contractor '
—a partv to keeping back our present printing.
Mr. BAYLY said he had a word to say, and i
would conclude by moving tiie previous question. ,
He felt- the inconvenience of the delay of the public
printing as much as any man of the House; but as
to the question who was responsible font, he begged M
Brown, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dim-
truck, Uunhain, Eihmindson, Ewing, Ge. ly, Gonnnn. II-itri-
llion, Haralson, Isliam G. Harris, Samp-ou W. R.ims,
Thomas L. H.irris, Holland, Howard, Hubbard, Andrew
Johnson, Robert VV. Joliii>on, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, La
S&re, JUttlefwiJd, Mason, McDonald, Kobert M. McLano,
McM Hen,McQuef n,jVfcWillie,MeHd(S Morse,OrfjPoweH,
Robinson, Savage, Sertdon, Alexander H. Stephens,Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Toombs, Venable,
Wallace, William*, Wood, and Woodwa:d—5ti-
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Alston, Anderson, Andrews, Af?h-
mun, Baker, Bay, Bingham, Booth, Bowie, Bind, Cluster
Butler,Thomas B. Butler, Joseph CaM", George A. Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Carfier, Oa-ey, Clark,
Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dtberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Doty, Duer, Durkee, Fowler, Fuller, Giddinas, Gii-
morc, Goodenow, Gott, Hall, Hammond, Harlan, Uay,
Raymond, Henry, Hilliaid, Howe, William T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, George G. Kinj?, John A. King, Preston
Kin«, Leffier, Horace Mann, Matte?on, McClernand,
McGawghey, McKis-ock, Finis E M- Lean, Meaeham,
Moore, Morehead, Mom?, Nelson, Ome, Ons, Parker,
Peaslte, Peck, Phf !ps, Pitman, Potter, l'utnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Robbins, Rockwell, Rumsn, Saoketf,
Savvtelle,Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Spauldmg,
Sptague, Stanlv, Frederick P. Stanton, Ciehard H. Sta&fon,
Tiiaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Undethill, Vinton, Wabien,
Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Wemworth, White, Wilm
Wilfton, and VVinthrop—104.
So the subject was not laid upon the table.
And the question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that as he had been
informed that the report of Mr. King was for sale
cheap in this city, he would withdraw his motion
to amend.
So the amendment was withdrawn.
The question then rccurred on the adoption of
the resolution reported by the Committee on
Printing;.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
Jones and the Speaker.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired of the Speaker
if an amendment would now be in order?
The SPEAKER said not at this time.
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution, which were re-
fused.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
on the table;
The question being taken, the FJouse decided
that the resolution should not be laid on the table.
And then the resolution was adopted.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the other report made by Mr. McWillie, from
the Committee on Printing; and it was
Ordered, That the said committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of certain citizens
of the United States, praying for a distribution o( the public
documents to public schools, and that it be laid un the
table.
Mr. BAYLY believed, he said, (addressing the
Speaker,) that the regular business m order was
the call of committees for reports.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
WILMINGTON" AND RALEIGH RAILROAD.
Mr. ASHE rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion. He desired to call up the motion heretofore
made by him, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of the Wilmington and Raleigh
Railroad Company had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion to reconsider.
In support of this motion,
Mr. ASHE said that if it accorded with the feel-
11 ings of the majority of the House to pass the bill,
j! in order that the relief asked for should be effectual,
{! it should be passed without any delay. He begged
:! the attention of the House for a few moments, to
leave to say, that the enormous quantities of extra
documents, of engravings, and of maps, which had
been ordered, were the main cause of the delay. If
'the House would confine itself to printing docu-
ments for their own use, the public printing would
be done with proper dispatch. But when one hun-
dred thousand extra copies of an enormous book,
full of engravings and useless maps, were ordered
to be printed, the delivery of the printing was ne-
cessarily delayed until the engravings and maps
were furnished the printer. It always would be
so, and could not be otherwise. He knew of no
abuse under this Government which had grown
with such rapidity as this very thing of printing
enormous numbers of extra copies of documents,
full of engravings and maps. Already the de-
ficiency in the appropriation lor the contingent fund
of the House for useless engravings and maps—
which when furnished were of no service—was
enormous, amounting to very many thousands of
dollars. The House itself was more responsible
for these delays than anybody else. Let them re-
duce the number of extra copies, engravings, and
maps ordered, and it would go far to remedy the
evil. The Patent Office document, which was
ordered at the last session, had not yet been de-
livered in full—he knew that his room was exceed-
ingly encumbered with them—he wished they
were out of it.
J-Ie concluded by moving the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER said he hoped the motion
would be withdrawn for a moment.
The motion was not withdrawn.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Speaker
whether the clerk had entered his (Mr. W.'s)
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman move an
amendment?
Mr. WENTWORTH said that he considered
himself, first, as having offered his amendment,
and then as having submitted some remarks.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment hav-
ing been moved, the question would of course be
taken upon it.
The question then was taken on the demand for !
the previous question, and the vote stood, ayes 72, j
noes 35. (No quorum voting.) Tellers were j
called for, and appointed—Messrs. Thompson, of'
Mississippi, and Ogle.
And the question having been again taken, the
affirmative vote stood, ayes 97, noes not counted.
So there was a second, and the main question
was ordered to be taken.
The main question was, first, on the amend-
j ment of Mr. Wemtwortii.
j The SPEAKER said the amendment was to
strike out " ten thousand" and insert " one hun-
dred thousand" copies.
Mr. VENABLE asked the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
A brief conversation followed between Mr. Inge
and the Speaker.
Mr. FOWLER asked that the question might
be stated, which having been done—
Mr. WOOD said he would vote for the largest
number if the report could be relied on; but he be-
lieved it could not be relied on.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution and
amendment be iaid upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANLY inquired whether, if the motion
to lay on the table prevailed, there would be any J
pending motion tf> print extra copies at all ?
The SPEAKER said, the motion was to lay the
whole subject on the table.
The SPEAKER stated the question. ;j enable him to explain the character of the bill.
Mr. DOTY reminded the Speaker that the yeas !: The Wilmington and Raleigh Railroad Company
and nays had been demanded. | had been engaged by the Post Office Department
The count was taken, and the yeas and nays !' ^or ^ie last twelve years, in the transportation of
were ordered. the great southern mail. It had performed this
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to j*--duty regularly and sati&factoiily; but finding that
be informed whether, if the motion to lay on the '' the situation of the road was becom-ng so ruinous
; table should be agreed to, any order would remain '! ^at i" ajl probability it could not comply much
1 for the printing of the usual number of copies for n longer with the requisitions of its contract, it was
the use of the House ? : compelled to undertake the renovation of its condi-
The SPEAKER said that the printing of the j and with that purpose in view, had made ar-
usual number had already been ordered. I', rangements with a company in England to obtain
The question was then taken on the motion that !; a supply of iron to relay it. The object of the bill
the whole subject be laid on the table, and was
decided m the negative—yeas 58, nays 104, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Aslie, Averetr, Baylv, Beale,
Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, YVilliam J.
under consideration, was to extend the time of
payment of the duties on the impoitation of this
iron. The bill contemplated no appropriation of
public moneys, no diminution of tlie revenues of
the Government, but merely an extension of the
