1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I*7#l
swer to a constitutional objection to say that the
same thing has been done, because if it has been
done, it has been done wrongfully and in violation
of the Constitution. And the gentleman does not
pretend to controvert the requirements of the Con-
stitution by any explanation or different construc-
tion. In truth, it is incapable of any other con-
struction than that which has been given to it by
the gentleman from North Carolina. The Con-
stitution is explicit—it cannot be misunderstood or
evaded—that the Legislatures of the States shall
prescribe the time, place, and manner, of holding
the elections. And it appears from the credentials
of these gentleman that this has not been done,
that these requirements have not been fulfilled. It
becomes, then, merely a question whether the
Constitution is obligatory upon this House. It
may be true, as the gentleman from Illinois says,
that there have been instances in which the same
irregularity has existed. I do not know how that
may be 
Mr. DISNEY (interposing) asked permission
to make an inquiry of the gentleman.
The inquiry was not heard by the Reporter.
Mr. TOOMBS said, that question had jjeen
elaborately argued a few years ago. There were
different opinions entertained on the subject, but
he believed that nobody doubted that if the Legis-
latuie, by non-compliance with the requisitions of
the Constitution, should defeat the action of the
State, Congress would be obliged, for self-protec-
tion, to act on this subject. But the Legislature
could not take away the rights of the people. It
was the people themselves that elected the Legis-
lature, and it was the constitutional duty of the
Legislature thus elected, to prescribe the time,
place, and manner of holding all elections within
the State.
Mr. McCLERNAND (the floor being tempo-
rarily yielded to htm) said, he hoped, as there
seemed to be a good deal of difficulty on the sub-
ject, that the gentleman from Indiana would not
press that the gentlemen be admitted at once, and
that the matter be referred to the Committee on
Elections.
Mr. TOO MBS (resuming) said, he had concurred
with the gentleman in the view he took of the case,
until the facts were disclosed by the credentials
themselves. He was desirous of voting for the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, and he had
hoped that the gentleman would have relieved his
mind from the embarrassment he felt by the au-
thorities which he undertook to cite, but he had
failed to do io. The gentleman had only shown
that there had been cases where members had
been admitted, although they had been elected
without previous action of the Legislature. Such
admission was clearly wrong, and should have no
weight in influencing their future action.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (the floor
being yielded to him temporarily,) contended that
the convention by which the constitution of the
State was formed was, in effect, a Legislature. It
certainly acted in the capacity of a legislative body
in establishing the fundamental law of the land.
The convention was clearly a law-making body,
and us action was sufficient to answer the requisi-
tion of the Constitution, that the time, place, and
manner of holding the election should be pre-
scribed by the Legislature.
But there was another point that was not free
from difficulty. California was a revolutionary
State. Nevertheless it was a State de facto, though
not a legal State. And it might be questionable
whether, in that condition of things, the convention
which formed her constitution was a convention
that could be recognized as legally constituted.
California was certainly not legally a State until
admitted to be such by the power of this Con-
gress. That was a different question, however,
from the one made by the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS, in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Tennessee, said, that he did not
believe it to be the right of that House, much less
was it its duty, to be astute and ingenious m get-
tin - round the Constitution and evading its pro-
visTons. The gentleman was answered by the
very case that had been put by the gentleman from
Indiana. The gentleman had stated that the two
Senators from California had been admitted to
their seats in the Senate of the United States. But
they were elected by the Legislature of California,
and not by the convention which proposed a form
of government to the people, and proposed also
that there should be a legislative body. That
legislative body was created, and they elected the
Senators. The Legislature had performed its con-
stitutional function in electing these two Senators.
And they were rightfully admitted to their seats,
inasmuch as the State of California had been
recognized by this Government. The same pro-
vision of the Constitution which requires the
Legislature to prescribe the time, place, and man-
ner of holding the elections required also that the
Legislature should elect Senators. The conven-
tion was not, in a legal or constitutional sense, a
Legislature. To designate it as a Legislature,
wa3 but a mere play upon words. The conven-
tion had merely proposed a form of government
to the people of California, and in that form of
government it was proposed that there should be
a Legislature, but the convention had not assumed
to be a Legislature. Had it done so, the State of
California could not have been admitted into the
Union, because it could not have been a republican
form of government, but the worst of all forms, a
pure democracy. No attempt had been made in the
constitution of California to bestow legislative
powers uponaconvention of the people; had there
been any such attempt, itwould not have been such
a constitution as would have entitled the State to
admission into this Union.
Mr. HOUSTON (Mr. Toombs yielding him
the floor) said he wished to say to the gentleman
from Indiana, that he hoped he would not press
the demand for the previous question. The
friends of California, the gentleman would find,
were not the friends of the admis'sion of these gen-
tlemen. California was now in the Union; and so
far as any necessity constraining them to act in
reference to her admission was concerned, that ne-
cessity was exhausted; and if there were these
constitutional impediments he would find 
Mr. CARTTER rose to a question of order.
The gentleman from Delaware, he said, was out
of order.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman
was not in order. The gentleman from Georgia
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS said, that in accordance with the
promise he had given to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, he would now renew the demand for the pre-
vious question; pending which, on motion,
The House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
P,y Mr. DURKGG: A petition from John Clark, and other
citizens- of New Castle, Delaware, praying thai no State be
received hereAlW into llic Union, unless the constitution
of such Siateshall expressly prohibitslavery within lis limits.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, September 10, 1850.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present the credentials of William
M. Gwin as a member of the Senate elect from the
State of California. I move that they be read, and
that the oath of office be administered to Mr.
Gyvin.
The Secretary read the credentials accordingly.
Mr. BARNVVELL. Mr. President, I have been
requested to present the credentials of John C.
Fremont as a Senator from California. It is well
known, sir, that I entertained the strongest consti-
tutional objections to the admission of California
into^the Union. But Congress having passed an
act for her admission, Mr. Fremont's admission
could not be otherwise than very acceptable.
The credentials were read by the Secretary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, if
I were governed by either personal or party con-
siderations, I certainly should make no objection
to the ordinary coarse which is pursued when the
credentials of Senators are received here. But be-
lieving, as I do, that the constitutional provisions
for the election of Senators could not have been
complied with in this case, it is with me a sacred
matter of duty to interpose such objection as re-
quires me to move the referenceof these credentials
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions to report on the law and the facts. I make
that motion.
The Secretary read the motion, when it was re-
duced to writing, as follows:
Resolved, That the credentials of the Senators elcct from
the State of California be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions to report on the Jaw and the
fuCtS. *
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I see no ne-
cessity for taking up time by this reference. If
this were the forepart of the session I would in-
terpose no objection to the reference. But now
less than three weeks of the session remain, and
much legislation must take place for California.
Hence it is important that these Senators should
take iheir seats. In order that they may do so,
there being many precedents for this case, cer-
tainly one or two precisely in point, as no one can
doubt, I hope the motion will not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays on hia
motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. If it be in order, and if the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee thinks he will be
then ready to report, I wouid move, as additional
iusttuctions, that the committee report to-morrow
morning.
The PRESIDENT. Such instructions are not
in order.
Mr. FOOTE. As the yeas and nays have been
ordered, I wish to make a single remark. 1 shall
not vote for the reference of these credentials, be-
cause this matter has been thoroughly investigated
heretofore. And I am very well satisfied that if
the Judiciary Committee, for every member of
whom I en'ertain the highest respect, were to take
the matter into consideration for twenty centuries,
and were fifty times as well qualified to discharge
the duties connected with this matter as they are,
they could not, in my opinion, throw one single
particle of new light on the question. Under such
circumstances, I shall oppose the reference.'
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, if this matter
should be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, I certainly will, in good faith, report on it
as speedily as possible. That is, i would not
postpone the consideration of what lights these
gentlemen may have. But what couise will be
taken in the committee I cannot tell. It may be
discussed, and a long report written upon it. I
can make no other than this general statement.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the reference, upon the principle that no other
case of the kind has ever occutred since the for-
mation of the Government. 1 believe there is i o
instanee where a State has been admitted without
there first being some organization on tl e part of
the community to be admitted. No community
has been admitted as a State unless there was
some vestige of legal existence to such community.
In the present instance there was none. There have
been States admitted where there was no Jaw of
Congress authorizing the formation of a constitu-
tion and State government. But in all such cases
there was previously a territorial government,
and jurisdiction on the part of Congress conferred
upon such communities as a teiritoriol govern-
ment. And in every such case the territorial le-
gislative authorities enacted laws for the calling of
a convention lor the purpose of forming a State
constitution; which, in my judgment, gave it some-
thing of a legal existence as a State, although the
election of Senators by a Legislature, under a con-
stitution formed in that way, without the sanction
of Congress, would not to a certain extent'be in
complitnce with the Constitution, which requires
the Legislature of a " State'' to elect Senators.
But, sir, California was no State, in any sense of
the word, in my judgment; consequently I must
vote for the reference, and against the admission
of her Senatois.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I had occasion
to look into this question when the bill for the ad-
mission of California was before the Senate, as
one properly involved in the considerations rela-
ting to that subject. I did not then find any pre-
cedent directly in point, but m the case of the ad-
mission of the State of Michigan. I considered that
a precedent directly in point. I did not consider
that the fact that Michigan had previously been
organized into a territorial government, could
make any discrimination whatever. But 1 enter-
tained very serious doubts whether the Senators
whom we then admitted were Senators within the
meaning of the Constitution, i have the same
doubts in the'fca^e of California. As far as my
personal feelings are concerned, I should certainly
welcome the Senators from California as peers
upon this floor. But 1 have a constitutional doubt;
and I should be glad to have that doubt solved, if
it can be solved by this reference.
