1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
time of payment for the period of four years; and
in'order to insure the regular and punctual dis-
charge of these annual instalments, it authorized
the Postmaster General*to retain annually, out of
the moneys which might be due from the depart-
ment for mail service to the company, a sufficient
amount to meet and discharge their instalments.
It would be perceived from this provision, that the
Government run no risk of losing any of its just
revenue, but on the contrary, it held the payment
in lis own hands—it became its own paymaster.
But in order to remove any uneasiness which
might be felt on this head, the bill further provided
good and ample security—that such security as by
the district judge might be deemed reasonable and
satisfactory should be given by the company, for
the ultimate discharge of these duties. He (Mr.
A.) would observe, m conclusion, that as the pro-
visions of the bill were reasonable, the relief of
such a character as would enable the company to
discharge Us contract for the transportation of the
United States mail, and the ultimate payment of
duties well secured, he hoped no opposition would
be raised to the passage of the bill.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 92, noes 27.
So ihe vote was reconsidered.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STANLY expressed the hope that the bill
would not be referred to the Committee of the
Whole. If it were so, the probability was that it
would sleep there so long that it would be impos-
sible for the relief contemplated by it to be avail-
able. If gentlemen had any difficulty about the
bill—though he scarcely supposed there could be
any—he would submit the propriety of suffering
it to lie over informally until they had given the
necessary examination to it.
Mr. VENABLE asked for a vote on the pas-
sage of the bill. He could see no reason, he
said, why it should not be passed now. The
United States had as much interest as any other
parties could have in the transportation of the
mail; and he could see no reason for commitment
or delay.
Mr. POTTER said he desired to make a brief
explanation. The Wilmington and Raleigh Rail-
road Company have on hand a quantity of iron,
on which the duties are due. It is of great impor-
tance that there should be speedy action on this
bill, as the embarrassments of the company are so
great as to render it impossible for them to pay the
duties on that iron. They have a contract with
the Postmaster General for conveying the United
States mail over this road, which contract expires
on the first of July. By this contract with the
Postmaster General, the United States agrees to
pay $75,000 a year for the transportation of the
mail; so that the payment to the company, under
this contract for a single year, would'oe sufficient
to pay the duties on the iron now on hand. If it
were otherwise, however, he would vote in favor
of this bill. We have a general interest in the
passage of ,thia bill, which is merely to give time
to the company to make their payments. Securi-
ties are to be given, and these securities are to be
approved by the district judge of North Carolina.
He could not anticipate any objection to putting
this bill on its passage now. There will be one
hundred ihousand dollars due to the company for
transportation of the mail next July, and the com-
pany ask for no part of this money until the duties
on the iron are paid.
The Postmaster General speaks highly of the
liberality of this company, who have never at-
tempted these exorbitant exactions from the Gov-
ernment which some other railroad companies
have. He would only say, in addition, that the
committee was unanimous in recommending the
passage of the bill. /
Mr. PHELPS expressed a wish to suggest an
amendment, but objection was made.
Mr. VENABLE stated that this was a measure
of great importance. He was willing to adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman to save time. He
would call the attention of the House to the im-
portance of putting this great road in order. The
company was in an embarrassed condition. There
was an existing contract with the Government for
the transportation of the mail. It is the great
route through which the northern mail runs twice
a day. There will be money enough in the hands
of Government due under the contract, sufficient
to pay the duties on the iron in hand. And all
that the company desires is such an extension of
the time for payment as will relieve them from im-
mediate pressure, and enable them to put the road
in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING (Mr. Viable yielding
the floor) asked to put a question to the gentleman
from North Carolina. The gentleman had alluded
to the sufficiency .of the sum due under the con-
tract to pay the duties on the iron. He desired to
ask him whether it was sufficient to cover the du-
ties on the iron expected to come in ?
Mr. PHELPS (Mr. Venable yielding the
floor) desired to suggest an amendment, to limit
the bill to such iron as was already imported, or
might be imported within the next two years.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. VENABLE resumed. He was willing to
adopt the amendment of the gentleman fiom Mis-
souri. It was to limit the benefit conferred by
this bill to such iron as had been already imported,
or that might be imported during the next two
years. He presumed there would be no objection'
to this amendment on the part of the House. He
would now move the previous question.
Mr. CART PER hoped (he said) that the House
would vote down the previous question.
Mr. C. then moved that the bill be laid upon the
table, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
refused.
And the question having been taken, the House
decided that the bill should not be laid upon the
table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said he un-
derstood the question was now on the passage of
the bill.
The SPEAKER said that the pending question
was on the demand for the previous question, if
that motion should be seconded, the House would
then be biought to a vote on the reference of the
bill to the Committee of the Whole, and fading
that, to a vote on the amendment and on the ques-
tion of engrossment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, expressed a
hope that before this bill was allowed to pass, the
House would take time to look into it. It was a
proposition to bring the Government into a connec-
tion with the system of internal improvement, by
advancing money for the relief of this railroad com-
pany; for that was the true import of the bill. It was
a bill to authorize an extension of the time for the
payment of the duties on imported iron, until such
time as the Government might pay itself out of the
moneys due to the company, untlei a contract for
the transportation of the mail. Now, if the com-
pany had entered into a contract with the Govern-
ment, let them fulfill their contract, and if the
Government has made such contract with the com-
pany, let them pay what they have contracted to
pay, whenever the terms of the contract are com-
plied with. He believed this road runs through
two States, and if so, the Government has juris-
diction over it.
Several Voices: Three.
Mr. STEVENS. Three States; then it does
come under our jurisdiction. He was opposed
to this system of encouraging the foreign manu-
facturer to send his iron here, for the construction
of our railroads, and to the manifest injury of our
domestic manufacturers.
Mr. POTTER (Mr. Stevens yielding at his
request) desired to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, whether that State had ever paid duties
on the iron imported by her in the construction of
her railroads? Had she not obtained a remission
of the duties on all the imported iron used in the
erection of a^l her public works?
Mr. STEVENS resumed. The State of Penn-
sylvania was at this moment buying British iron.
He admitted that there was a time when Pennsyl-
vania, in the construction of her railroads, im-
ported a considerable quantity of iron from abroad,
and by some arrangement, she had only partly
paid the duties on that iron. But latterly, lfeither
Pennsylvania nor any of the eastern States, had
asked for a remission of the duties on their im-
ported iron.
Before the act of 1842, when Pennsylvania first
embarked in the business of manufacturing railroad
iron, she paid seventy dollars per ton on aii the iron
she imported; but since the year 1842, railroad iron
had been purchased attherateoffifty-sixdollars the
ton; and now this foreign iron can be purchased in
Boston atthirty-mne dollars the ton, duties, freight,
and all other expenses included. And although this
is the State of things with our foreign competitors,
and this is the way in which the domestic article
is depressed, \^e are now called on to give new
privileges in favor of the imported iron, by ex-
tending the time in which this railroad company
shall be required to pay the duties on the iron im-
ported by them. The domestic manufacture is
thus to have the disadvantage of a foreign valua-
tion of the imported article, and the credit sys-'
tern instead of a home valuation and cash duty.
These duties are thus in part to be made payable,
not by the railroad company, but by the United
Sfates Government; because they are not to be
paid until the Government shall have in its hands
enough of the money due to the company under
their mail contract to pay them.
He called on all those who had any regard for
the iron interest of our own country, or who were
disposed to sustain our home labor, to pause and
reflect before they consented to pass this law,
which would prove but an entering wedge to a
system, the tendency of which is to break down
all our domestic interests. There was never so
much iron imported in any country as is now im-
ported from England into the United States. Pjg
metal can now be brought into this country from
Glasgow, at a less cost than the bare expenses of
carrying the same article fifty miles by internal
transportation, and is delivered here at a price
which is absolutely ruinous to our own establish-
ments. The cffects of this destructive policy are
already visible in the deteriorated condition of the
Pennsylvania works. The establishments in
Clarion county are, for the most part, idle; and
even coal is imported from Europe and brought
into the Pennsylvania coal region. And as if this
was not enough done for the injury of our domes-
tic industry, railroad companies must come here
and ask for an extension of time before they are
to be called on to pay their dunes on the iron im-
ported for their benefit. And in this way all the
great interests of the country are to be discon-
nected and frittered away by piecemeal, until the
whole shall he thrown down and destroyed.
Mr. CARTTER expressed his gratification to
hear that railroad iron was so abundant in our
country, and that ii could be obtained at so cheap
a rate Nothing that he had heard here was so
calculated to rejoice the hearts of all those who
are interested in the great railroad operations
which were m progress, or which were now pro-
jected, through the western States; and he con-
gratulated them on the opportunity they now had
of getting the iron for their works at a low price.
He would always be ready to give his vote in
favor of cheapening the article instead of raising its
value. But he agreed with those who reprobated
and repudiated this measure, not because there was
railroad iron enough in the country for ail the pur-
poses which might be required, but because it was
an attempt to make the Government a party to a
special contract. He denied that there was any con-
stitutional power in Congress to legislate fur such
a purpose. Why should a North Carolina Com-
pany come here and ask for this special pnviiege,
when there are so many other companies standing
precisely on the same footing, and entitled to just
the same amount of privileges ? We have no power
to do anything of the kind.
He designated this measure as a beautiful Dem-
ocratic doctrine to save the Whig party. It was
no doctrine which justly belonged to the Demo-
cratic party.
We have nothing to do with these matters of
special contract, or with these State estabhshmenfs.
He would vote against this bill And he had
asked the gentleman from North Carolina to with-
draw his rail for the previous question to enable
him to state why he was opposed to it. These
railroad companies can get sufficient supplies of
iron m Europe; and if they cannot get credit there,
it is because their works nere are not in a condi-
tion to command it.
Mr. STANLY was very sorry that his friend
from Ohio should have thought proper to make
such a strong opposition to a bill so trifling in its
character. He would assure the gentleman that
the part of the State of North Carolina which
would be benefited by this road was the very
heart of Democracy. We have no disposition
whatever to take any advantage of the House at
all. Let the bill be postponed, if such be the de-
sire of the House, until it can be examined, it is
