1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL
Sep%|ft
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to make one other obser-
vation in addition to what I have already said.
Although all those Senators who opposed our plan
of adjustment did not take the ground which I am
about to state, yet some of them, and among them
some very influential and leading gentlemen, did
take the ground, that if we would reduce the terri-
torial boundaries of California all constitutional
difficulty in regard to the admission of California
as a State would he thereby removed. I suppose
those gentlemen,atleast, can have had no difficulty
in allowing the gentleman whose credentials have
been presented to be qualified and take their seats
as I suppose a mere alteration of territorial bound-
aries cannot alter the constitutional aspect of this
particular question.
One other observation, and [ have done. I am
very happy that the credentials of these gentlemen
have been in part presented from the State of South
Carolina, whose attitude is perfectly well known
to the whole country. This movement, origina-
ting in part from that State, seems to me to lend a
gracious sanction to what we have done hereto-
fore on the subject, upon which I congratulate the
country.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not mean to enter upon
this discussion, but I do mean to protect myself
from the remark made, that there would have been
no ohjection to the admission of California 
Mr FOOTE. I said in certain quarters, and I
certainly did not intend to allude to the Senator
from Georgia, because he and I discussed the pre-
cise point, and I understood him to take the oppo-
site ground.
Mr. BERRIEN. I wish merely to say, for
self-protection, that when I urged restrictions upon
the limits of California, it was with the entire con-
viction, in my own mind, that if the limits were
restricted, the constitution presented here would
not be the constitution of the people of California,
as then constituted, and we should certainly be
obliged to refer the instrument back to the people
for their action upon it.
Mr. MASON. I do not know to what opinion,
or to what Senator, the Senator from Mississippi
alluded, but I was one of those who felt an earnest
desire, and frequently expressed it in debate, to
limit the boundaries of California to the parallel of
36° 30'; and 1 never went further, after having
done that, than to declare my willingness to allow
California to be admitted, after its boundaries had
been restricted, upon the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, in order to avoid unnecessary delay.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not intend to refer to the
Senator from Virginia; for I have understood that
he was utterly opposed to the admission of Cali-
fornia under any circumstances whatsoever. [Mr.
Mason shook his head in dissent.] Certainly,
however, his mistake was natural enough, inas-
much as I alluded to the leading and influen-
tial gentlemen who opposed the admission. It is
natural, therefore, that in himself he should re-
cognize one of those persons to whom I alluded.
Mr. MASON, i can assure the Senator from
Mississippi that, so far from looking upon myself
as an individual of any great influence, it has been
a matter of deep regret to me, since I have had a
seat here, that 1 was not entitled to more influence
than I have been able to exercise. I have never
obtruded myself upon the Senate except when I
thought the occasion imperatively required it, in
the solemn discharge of my duty. The Senator
is also mistaken in ascribing to me an opinion ad-
verse to the admission of California on any
grounds; and if he had listened, as I doubt not he
did as a matter of courtesy, to my remarks when 1
addressed the Senate on the admission of Califor
nia, he would have known that 1 expressed myself
ready, so far as I could, to harmonize the difficul-
ties which had arisen on the acquisition of this
territory, in any way I could, with a proper regard
to my constitutional obligations; and that I was
willing, from devotion to the Union, to agree, in
order to avoid delay, to admit California on
the proclamation of the President, if her constitu-
tion should be returned to her for the proper action
upon it.
Mr. CLAY. Prior to yesterday, California
was a State de facto, out of the Union. Upon the
approbation of the President of tlfe United States
of the bill for her admission into the Union, she
became, and now is, one of the States of the
Union, having equal and all the privileges which
belong to any State in the Union. Among those I
privileges is that.of being represented on this floor
by two Senators. She has presented through her
Senators the regular credentials of their election,
and as she has the same privileges -as Kentucky,
New York, or any other State, 1 do not see upon
what ground we can treat her differently, or make
any reference of those credentials not made in the
case of any other State. If we do, then she does
not in all respects whatsoever stand on that equal
footing which the Constitution has prescribed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not con-
sider that California was a State out of the Union,
but that it was a Territory of the United States—
territory obtained by conquest and puichase—
over which the United States had full authority,
and over which Congress failed* to exercise that
authority, from considerations, as I believe, dis-
creditable to the Government itself. It was this
failure of the Government to take charge of this
Territory which constituted the best argument for
the action of the people of California themselves.
California became a State by the action of Con-
gress, and the action of the President approving
the bill which Congress passed; and she was not
a State before that action was had. The Consti-
tution provides that Senators shall be elected by
the Legislature of a S'ate, and, if there was no
State, there could be no Legislature of a State. I
do not propose to go into an argument upon this
subject, and I only moved the reference to a com-
mittee which I thought might best judge of a con-
stitutional question, and I do not believe now that
the committee would have detained us more than
one or two days. I seek for no delay—L wish the
question fairly presented, and I took this mode of
reaching it. I am one of those who opposed the
admission of California—who sought to restrict
its boundaries; but I am not one of those who at
any time was prepared to enter into a compact to
admit her with reduced boundaries. I consid-
ered the defect m the whole proceeding to be in-
herent and radical, and beyond any reduction of
the boundaries, i am one of those who stand
here instructed by my State Legislature to resist
the admission of California by all honorable and
constitutional means. This is taken as an inci-
dent to State existence prior to the admission of
California, and this is the ground taken by the
Senator from Kentucky. If, then, I am under
instructions to use all honorable and constitutional ;
means to resist the admission of California as a
State, I am also necessarily instructed to oppose
everything which is an incident to the assertion
of State existence prior to our action for admission.
I did not wish to be drawn into any remarks on
this subject, and personal considerations rendered
me very reluctant to do so; nor did I wish to
consume the time of the Senate by debate. What- 1
ever views I have entertained on this subject have
been heretofore expressed, and I have merely
sought now to refer the question to that committee
to whom we have supposed we might entrust the
examination of questions of constitutional law.
Mr. DOUGLA.S. I desire to state only one of
the grounds upon which I base this proceeding.
California has been admitted into the Union as a
State and, by the act of admission, she becomes a
State from the day of the date of her constitution.
The principal of relation, known to the law apply-
ing toit, is, when theact is consummated it becomes
a valid act from the beginning. It was upon that
principle, and that only, that the Michigan Sena-
tors were enabled to take their seats here. It was
upon that principle, and that only, that the Sena-
tors from Indiana first elected were enabled to take
their seats here. And it is upon that principle,
and that only, that the two gentlemen now repre-
senting Texas on this floor are now eligible, they
not having been for nine- years citizens of the
United States at the time of their election. But
when we annexed Texas to the Union, by the
principle of relation, they having been nine years
citizens of Texas, they thereby became for nine
years citizens of the United States, it is upon this
principle of relating back that the defects in the case
of Texas, of Indiana, and of Michigan were reme-
died; and so in this case; California being a State
now, she was a State from the time she adopted
her constitution. She has had a Legislature from
that time, and all the acts of that Legislature from
that time relate back, and become valid from the
time of their adoption. These are the grounds
upon which I place my vote, and upon which I
suppose these gentlemen will be sworn in.
IV1 r. FOOTE. I was instructed also to„ vote
against the admission of California, and I have
done so, and complied with my instructions, eind
obeyed them to the letter. I was not instructed,
after the admission had taken place> to oppose the
admission of the- Senators elect, upon the floor of
the Senate, and therefore I present np such oppo-
sition. And I am free to say that it ^ould have
been exceedingly disagreeable to mes if not a doty
impossible for me conscientiously to perform, to
obey such instructions if I had received themj for,
according to my judgment, it would ijean act ?&•
proper in itself, extremely improper with my views
of constitutional duty, to oppose the admission on
this floor of Senators from a sovereign State ofthe
Union, so recognized and already admitted into the
Confederacy. Such being my view, it was not, a
matter upon which I conceived we could hesitate
or delay, and hence I rose and first objected to the
proposed reference,
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps it is proper, as I am
on the committee to which it is proposed to refer
this matter, that I should make a single remark.
My opinion, so far as regards the faculty or the
power of the people of California to erect them-
selves into a State, is well known, and in regard to
this body of men, said to be a Legislature, f do hot
believe that they have the faculty of being a Legis-
lature. They have not had the previous assent of
Congress, or passed through a territorial condition,
and they cannot, in my opinion, have the faculty,
in legal phrase, without that consent of Congress
being given, without a violation of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, again modified his
motion, so that it stood as follows:
Resolved, That the credentials of William M. Gwin and
John C. Fr6i ont, presenting themselves as Senators elect
from the Slate ol California, be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with instructions to report on the law and
the tacts.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and they were:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Butler, Da-
vis of Mia^is-sippi, Hunter, Masson, Morton, Pratt, Sebastian,
Soni£, and Turney—13.
NAYS—Me&s s. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clay, Dav^ol Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wiscons.ni, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Ewing, Felch, Foote,Greene, Hamlin, Jones?,King,
Mangum, Norris, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,1
Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, Walker, Whiteomb, and
Wimhrop—36.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Senators elect from
California will now approach the Chair an$ take
the oath of office.
Messrs. Gwin and Fremont then presented
themselves and the oath of office was administered
to them by the President of the Seriate.
Mr. BARNWELL submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the classes
in which the Spnator* of the Stale of Cahtorma shall be in-
serted, in conformity with the resolution ot the 14th May,
1789, and as the Constitution requires.
Mr. BARNWELL submitted the following mo-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Ordered, That the Secretaiy put Into the ballot-box three
papers of equal ?ize, numbered one, two, and three ; each
of the Senators from the State of California shall draw out
one paper; number one, if drawn, shall entitle the member
to be placed in the class of Senator? whose terms of service
will expire the 3d day of March, 1851; number two m that
class whose terms will expire the 3d day of March, 1853;
and number three in the class whose terms will expire the
3d day of March, 1355.
Whereupon the papers marked No. 1, No. 2,
and No. 3 were by the Secretary put into the bal-
lot-box; and
No. 1 was drawn by the Hon. John C. Fre-
mont; who is accordingly in the class of Senators
whose terms will expire on the 3d day of March,
1851;and
No. 3 was drawn by the Hon. William M.
Gwin, who is accordingly in the class of Senators
whose terms will expire the 3d day of March,
1855.
CONSTITUTION OF NEW MEXICO. '
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 move that
the Senate take up the President's message en-
closing the constitution of New Mexico, with a
view to have it printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the object of printing
the document ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no particular object but
general information. I should like to see that con-
