1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0®E.
699
and, with ihe reports accompanying, ordered to be
primed, viz: -
A bill fur the relief of Mary W. Thompson; and
A bill for tiie relief of Alanson Pool.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions, reported the following
bills, which were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the reports accom-
panying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Hamilton Carroll; and
A bill for the relief of Fielding G. Brown.
On'motion, by Mr. PUTNAM, the Committee
on Roads and Canals was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Minnesota, asking for the im-
provement of the Mississippi river above the Falls
of St. Anthony; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bills, which
were severally read a first and second time by
their titles, referred to theCommittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be print-
ed, viz:
A bill making appropriation for the support of
the array, for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1851; and
A bill making appropriation for the naval ser-
vice, for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1851.
Mr. NELSON, from theCommittee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Matthews, Wood,
and Hall, which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMAS, from theCommittee on Claims,
reported the following bills, which were severally
read by their titles a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole Huuse, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed, \iz:
A bill for the relief of George Armstrong;
A bill for the relief of Major E. H. Fitzgerald;
A bill for the relief of Manoah D Robinson; and
A bill for the relief of William Kilgour.
Mr. THOMAS also, from the same committee,
made adverse reports m the following cases; which
were ordered to lie on the table and be primed, viz:
On the memorial of Captain Francis Cicote, of
Detroit, asking remuneration for damages done by
the Indians during the last war; and
On the memorial of the legal representatives of
General Robert Young, for compensation for to-
bacco destroyed by the British troops in 1814.
On motion by Mr. THOMAS, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the claim of Charles Waldron for
balance due on supplies furnished to the United
States; and it was ordered to lie qn the table.
On motion by Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, the
Committee on Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of R. L. Cox;
also, the petition of Hendrick and Jones, next of
kin of Robert Leckie, one of the sureties of J. D.
Hayden, late paymaster, for relief against certain
claim put in suit by the United States against a said
surety; and they were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. McL , from the same Committee, made
adverse reports in the foHovving cases, which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The memorial of George Hervey, praying that
the owners and consignees of the British ship
Joseph Mitchell, may be paid the full amount
which, by the act of Congress of 1830, was granted
for the relief of Alexander Claxton; and
The memorial of Elliott, Smith and Nathan
Farnsworth, for compensation for rescuing United
States troops and stores from the wreck of the
ship Charles Wharton, at Tampa Bay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Crown, which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and,with the report accompanying,
ordeied to be printed.
Mr. DUNHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
made adverse reports in the following cases; which
were ordeied to lie on the table and be printed,
viz:
The memorial of Howell & Coates, of New
Orleans, asking remuneration for loss of flat-boats
through the act of an officer of the United States;
and
The petition of Joshua Hillyard, of the State
of New York, prayu g for an act to authorize the
payment of his claim against the United States.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland,
the Committee on Commerce was discharged from
the further consideration of the following cases;
and they were ordeied to lie on the table, viz:
The memorial of Charles Massey, jr., for the
repayment of an excessive duty erroneously ex-
acted upon brown sugar from Canton; and the
letter of the Secretary of the Jreasury on the
same subject.
The petition of the rector, warden, and vestry
of the Church of the Advent, m Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying that a certain duty may be re-
funded.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
Committee on Commerce was dischaiged fiom the
further consideration ot sundry memorials, pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal around
the fails of St. Mary's; and it was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, which already had
charge of that subject. *
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
same committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Captain H. M.
Shreeve, praying that the United States mayjmake
remuneration for the past use of his paient for
a snag-boat, and for its purchase for the future
use of the United States; and it was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. McL. said that the Committee on Com-
merce did not consider that it had jurisdiction of
anyfclaim except it arises out of commercial regu-
lations and laws as connected with the revenues of
the country.
Mr. McL., from the Committee on Commerce,
to which had been referred the memonal of David
U. Brown for a new register, reported a bill to
grant a register to the barque Royal Saxon; which
was read by its title.
Mr. McL. asked that the bill might be put upon
its passage.
Mr. JONES inquired, by way of suggestion,
whether it would not be as well to provide a gen-
eral law on the subject, to take the place of this
special legislation ?
Mr. McLANE said, he would state in reply to
his friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the
Committee on Commerce had now that very sub-
ject under consideration. The universal practice
of the Government had been to legislate tor these
cases specially. The universal practice had been,
that when a vessel was bought under a decree of
the United States Court, the parties purchasing, if
they put repairs upon the vessel in the United
States to the amount of three-fourths of her value
when repaired, or when new, should have.a regis-
ter granted to her. This had been the practice
under the existing navigation system—it had been
the universal practice, and one connected with the
protective character of our navigation laws.
The vessel was now lying at the wharf in Bal-
timore, with her cargo engaged. Her owners nnd
agents had been here, awaiting the opportunity,
which he (Mr. McL.) had been seeking for fifteen
days, to make this report.
Mr. JONES said he was aware that the univer-
sal practice had been to legislate specially in these
cases, and he had never seen one of them brought
here which had not been a life and death case. Not
a case had he known where the parties were not
waiting for Congress to authorize the register, in
order that they might put to sea.
Mr. McLANE remit ked that it was very natu-
I ral that the parties should want to send their ves*
j scls to sea when everything was in readiness for
|*them to do so.
i Mr. WHITE inquired of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] what injury or harm could
possibly result from this proceeding?
Mr. JONES said he knew nothing about the
case. He did-not know whether the three-fourths,
or any other repairs, had been put upon Che ves-
sel.
Mr. WHITE said that of course the committee
would not have reported the bill unless they were
satisfied on that point.
Mr. JONES said, whyshould not a general law
be passed upon the subject? It could be passed as
quickly and as easily as this; and Congress would
then get clear of this class of special legislation.
Mr. McLANE said, in reference to this general
law, there were difficulties that were not yet over-
come. Some were against all relaxation of the
system; while others were in favor of abolishing
all restraints and adopting the English system,,as
recently modified, under which registers were
granted to all vessels owned by their citizens. The
committee, under these circurc^tances, had deemed
it proper not to oblige these parties to wait, but to
carry out the universal rule in this case, and report
a special bill granting a register to this vessel.
Mr. JONES said he would vote for a law grant-
ing register to any vessel, which upon examination,
should be found seaworthy and of the proper capa-
city and strength to authorize the issuing a regis-
ter—built where she might have been built. He
did not care where the vessel was built if it was
fit for service; and if those whose duty it was to
examine her were satisfied that she was worthy to
be classed as one of our vessels, it mattered not
to him whether she was built in old England or
New England, in Euiope or America—and he
hoped the committee would report some general
bill..
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed' and
read a third time.
And, having: been read a third time, was passed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, also, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported the following
resolution; which was read and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hou>e furnish the Com-
mittee on Commerce with a map of the Ui n< tt Stares, a
map of the world, and-a universal atla , us inquired by saul
committee.
Mr. COBB, ojf Alabama,from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which the memorial of William
Hatchett and one hundred and sixty other citizens
of Alabama on the subject had been referred, re-
ported a bill to grant the right of way to the Cen-
tral Plank Road Company of Alabama; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Minnesota relative to the thirty-
sixth sections of school lands; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, to which
numerous memorials upon the subject had been
referred, reported a bill fov an a<"t providing for the
soldiers of the war of 1812, 1813, 1814, and 38J5;
the Indian wars of 1811; the Florida Seminole
war; and the war known as Genera) Wayne's
war, of 1792 to 1795, bounty land to those who
have not been heretofore provided for; which bill
was read a first and second time by its title, when
Mr. C. moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
made the special order of the day for the first
Monday in June.
Mi. VINTON expressed the hope that there
would be no special order. He objected to that
part of the motion.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion by Mr. COBB, of Alabama, the
Committee on Public Lands was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill granting
bounty in land to the officers and soldiers who
served their country in the last war with Great
Britain; and the bill to provide bounty land for
all American soldiers not heretofoie piovided for;
and they were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. C. said the bill above provided for the
cases embraced in these bills.
Mr. ALBERTSON, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, without amendment,
and favorable to its passage, the bill for the ben-
efit of John Ozias; which bill was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and made the
Older of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. HOAGLAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Jas-
per A. Maltby; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Elections,
made a report, accompanied by the following res-
olution, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to Charles J.
rngersoil, of Pcnns-j lvaiua, out ot the coming* m fund,
the same per diem pay and mileage that is- aliov\ ed to mem-
bers, computing the same irom the commencement the
2$th Congress to the 15th of January, inclusive, of 1840.
