THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
3Xst Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1850.
New Series... No. 133.
stitution myself, but I do not wish to have to read
it in manuscript. I want to see what it is. It
seems to me to be entitled at least to consideration
enough to be printed. That is all I desire, I do
not propose any ulterior measures upon it.
The question was then taken on the proposition
to print: Ayes 15, noes notcounted.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. CHASE called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badget, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Davas of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Ewing, Fremont, Foote, Greene, Manauin, Norns,
Pearee, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruanct*, Under-
wood, Wales, Walker, whitcomb, and Wmthrop—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Butler, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch,
Jones, King, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Sturgeon, and Tur-
ney—16.
So the document was ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of George
Mackay, asking compensation for services ren-
dered as deputy surveyor of public lands in Flor-
ida, which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Isaac Houston, asking compensation for ser-
vice in carrying the mail; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the Central Bank of Georgia, asking to be paid
an amount of money advanced to certain citizens
upon claims due them from the United States, sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed,
recommending that the Central Bank of Georgia,
as the assignee of the claimants, be allowed and
paid the sum of $21,142, and that the same be
inserted in the Indian appropriation bill.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Jonathan Lewis, asking
indemnity for depredations committed by the In-
dians while residing among the Cherokees as a
blacksmith, asked to be discharged from the fur-
tl^r consideration of the same; which was agreed
to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
Samuel Boots, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that the
petition and papers be referred to the War Depart-
ment; which was agreed to.
POST ROUTES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. FREMONT submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Conimitteu on the Post Office and
Post Roads bu insttucted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes in the State of Cali-
fornia:
From San Francisco, by Santa Clara, city of San Josd,
Sari Juan Bauptista, Monterey, Soledad, San Miguel, San
Luis Obispo,-Dana's, La Puriasima, Santa tries, Sama Bar-
bara, San Buena Ventura, Los Angeles, Santa Anna, San
Juan Capistrano, Santa Margaretta, and San Luis Itey, to
San Di< go.
Ffom the city of San Jos£, by San Jos6 mission, and Lir-
ermore's, to Stockton.
From the city oi San Jos6, by the mission of San Jos6, and
Martinet, to Benicia.
From the city of San Jos<* to Santa Cruz.
Fiom Monterey, by Pacheco's, to Towalumne*
From Los Angeles to San Pedro.
From Los Angcle?, by San Gabriel, Workman's, Roland's,
Chino, Pala, Asjua Caliente, to Gila town.
From San Francisco, by Sausalito, and Benicia. to Sacra-
mento.
Fiom Benicia, by Sonoma, to Humboldt and Trinity.
From Benicia, by Marlines, and New York, to Stockton.
From Sacramento, by Vernon, Fremont, Nicolaus, Sut-
ter's, (Hock Farm,) Yuva town, Neil's, Lassen's, Reading's,
and Placer town, to Humboldt and Trinity.
From Sacramento, by CoJuma, to Carson Valley settle-
ment.
From Sacramento to the gold diggings on the Rio de los
Ameiicanos.
From Yuva town to the gold diggings on Bear, Yuva, and
Feather rivers.
From Sacramento, by Murphy's Shaddan's, Laird's, Is-
bei's, Stockton, Stani&laus, and Towalumne, to Las Man-
pos-as mines.
Fiom Stockton to the gold diggings of the Mokelumneand
Calaveras.
From Stockton to the gold diggings of the Stanislaus,
Towalumne, and Mercedes rivers.
Mr. FREMONT submitted a map exhibiting
the positions of the proposed mail routes in Cali-
fornia; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
NOTICE OP CALIFORNIA BILLS.
Mr. FREMONT. Mr. President, I desire to
give notice that to-morrow, or on some subsequent
morning, I will ask leave to introduce bills of the
following titles:
1st. A bill to provide for the appointment of a
recorder of land titles in California.
2d. A bill to provide for the appointment of a
surveyor general in the State of California, and for
the survey of the public lands.
3d. A bill to provide for the erection of land
offices in California, and the appointment of regis-
ters and receivers.
4th. A bill to provide for the ascertainment of
private land claims in California, and for the adju-
dication and settlement of the same.
5th. A bill to grant donations of land to settlers
in California before the cession of that country to
the United States, and to allow preemption rights
to all subsequent and to all future settlers.
6th. A bill to regulate the working of the placers
and gold mines in California, and to preserve order,
by granting temporary permits to actual operators
to work the same in limited quantities.
7th. A bill to provide for extending the laws
and judical system of the United States to the State
of California.
8th. A bill to refund to the State of California
the amount of moneys collected for duties on im-
ported goods at San Francisco, and theotherports,
before the custom-house laws of the United States
were extended to California.
9th. A bill to grant to the State of California
certain quantities of public land for the purposes
of education.
10th. A bill to grant to the State of California
six townships of land for a university.
11th. A bill to grant to the State of California
four sections of land, to aid in constructing public
buildings at the seat of government.
12th. A bill to grant to the State of California
two townships of land, for establishing an asylum
forthedeafand dumb,and forthe blind and insane.
13th. A bill to relinquish to the city of San
Francisco all the grounds reserved for military or
other public purposes in the said city, and which
are no longer wanted for such purposes.
14th. A bill to grant to the State of California
twelve salt springs, with a section of land around
15th. A bill for granting to the city of Monterey
the old Government house in that city, and the
ground upon which it stands.
16th. A bill to provide for opening a road across
the Sierra Nevada, on the line of the Rio de los
Americanos and Carson'3 river, and the pass at
their head, as the commencement of opening a
common traveling road between the present west-
ern settlements of the United States and the State
of California.
17th. A bill to grant to the State of California
one million six hundred thousand acres of land for
purposes of internal improvement, in addition to
the half million of acres granted for such purposes
to each new State by a general law.
18th. A bill to preserve peace among the Indian
tribes in California, by providing for the extinction
of their territorial claims in the gold mine dis-
tr']VIr. FREMONT, feln the present advanced
state of California I have thought it best to ask for
all that has been granted to any State. Her pop-
ulation is large and rapidly accumulating, and the
demands upon her resources are extraordinarily
great.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. CHASE gave notice that to morrow, or
some subsequent day, he would ask leave to in-
troduce " A bill to prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories of the United States."
ROBERT L.'JBLAIR.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Raolvei, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the justice and propriety of paying the claim of Robert
L. Blair, for the transportation of two companies of volun-
teers fiom Jonesborough to Knoxville, m the year 1847.
PAY AND MILEAGE.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
supply certain deficiencies in the pay and mileage
of members was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
The bill for the relief of Hiram More and John
Hascall came up as the unfinished business, the
question pending being the motion to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally-
read a third time and passed:
The bill forthe relief of Charles Reeder, Walter
R. Johnson, and the legal representatives' of
Thomas P. jones.
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to permit vessels from the British North Amer-
ican provinces to lade and unlade at such places in
any collection district of the United States as he
may designate.
The bill to establish a port of entry at Milwau-
kee, in the State of Wisconsin, and'for other pur-
poses.
The bill to grant to the State of Missouri the
right of way and a portion of the public land for
the purpose of aiding in making a railroad from
St. Louis to the western limits of said State.
The bill granting the right of way and making,
a grant of land to the State of Indiana to aid in the
construction of a railroad from a point on the
boundary line between Indiana and Illinois, near
its intersection with Lake Michigan to the city of
Indianapolis, and a branch to intersect the South-
ern Michigan railroad at or near the point where
the same enters the said State of Indiana.
BILL FOR THE RELIEF OF JOHN LE ROT?,
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the special orders
were postponed, and the Senate took up Senate
bill 56, being a bill for the relief of John Le Roy.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to allow to John Le Roy, who was an
express rider in the late war with Mexico, a pen-
sion of twenty dollars per month, to commence
on the 22d of February, 1847, and to continue
during life. . .
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the
reading of the report of the committee, which was
16 Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I recollect some-
thing of this case, after hearing the report read,
and I will state that it is a highly meritorious
case. The service performed was a very hazard-
ous one, and it was very well performed. The
only doubt m my mind is the amount of the pen-
sion. I do not perceive how the pension can with
propriety exceed that which wc usually give to
the soldier who has lost his limbs in battle. If
the chairman of the committee will explain that
pomt 1 shall be obliged to him.
Mr. JONES. I am aware, Mr. President, that
there is no law authorizing any additional compen-
sation even to those who were regularly in service,
and as such have lost one or more limbs. It was
pioposed at the last session of Congress by a bill
reported from the Committee on Pensions to pro-
vide for m'ciuase of pay to pensioners" who may
have lost one of more limbs, or one or both eyes.
The bill which passea the Senate last week for
the increase of pension to Isaac Watts Griffith,
who was a sergeant and who lost his right arm,
proposed to increase his pension from j>8 per
month, the pay allowed by existing law>_'o 9^0
dollars. The was objected to by several Sena-
tors, because the increase was thought to be too
113
