1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 10,
great. I therefore, to save the bill and insure its
passage, and for no other reason, believing that
the pay of $20 for the loss of an arm would not
be anything like a just equivalent therefor, will
offer an amendment to this bill, making itconform
to that for the benefit of Mr. Griffith. The bill
for the benefit of Mr. Griffith, upon my motion,
was amended so as to reduce the pay from $20
per-month to $16 per month, in which shape it
passed without objection. I therefore, feeling
•anxious that both bills should become laws, move
to amend this bill by striking out $20 and insert-
ing $16 per month.
Mr. RUSK. 1 hope that this amendment will
not be made. It is a small amount, so far as the
Treasury of the United States is concerned, but this
man is disabled; his left arm is entirely off; his
business has been neglected ; he thought it ne- j
cessary to come on here, and did so, at very ^reat j
expense, and is now in indigent circumstances, i
There are, as stated by the Senator from Iowa, |
[Mr Jones,] various precedents of this descrip- :
tion. One man, who lost both his arms, got for-
ty dollars. And there are various precedents of
special acts of Congress where the individuals have
been no more disabled, or not so much, who have
received $20. Moreover, this individual performed
a service most gallantly which he was under no
obligation to perform at all.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am perfectly
willing to give to this express-man whatever
amount his services entitle him to, but I hold that
a private citizen is no better than a private soldier,
or entitled to a higher pension than a private sol-
dier. 1 approve of the proposition made by the
Committee on Pensions, to give a higher rate than
we have heretofore allowed to those who have lost
limbs in the service, and I have no objection to
putting this case on the same footing as a private
soldier.
Mr. RUSK. I did not claim more meiit to a
private citizen than to a private soldier. None on
earth. The soldier, however, performs an obliga-
tion which he had incurred with the expectation of
being pensioned if disabled; but this man had no
previous obligation resting on him, and, without
an/ hope held out to him that if at oil disabled he
would be pensioned, he went and performed this
duty voluntarily.
Mr. EWING. There is one essential difference
between the cases, which should be taken into
consideration. The soldier receives his pay and
bounty, but the private citizen does not. There-
fore I think there should be a difference made thus
far.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The argument is
against the position taken by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Ewing.] The soldier performs his
duties for compensation below what is given to a
common laborer at home, and the private citizens
who follow the army as camp employes always
get more pay than the private soldiers. An ex-
press-man gets double and three times the pay of
a private soldier, and is off duty except when em-
ployed in these extraordinary cases. The argu-
ment, therefore, is on the other side, and one with
different feelings than myself might object to giv-
ing a pension at ail to private citizens receiving
extraordinary pay for extraordinary services.
Our whole system of pensioning rests on the ba-
sis that the soldier does not receive compensation
sufficient for the hazard encountered, or to support
him if he receives any injury; and if he is injured,
upon th&t supposition we have been in the habit of
granting him a pension.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was adopted.
There being no further proposition to amend,
the bill was reported to the Senate and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill granting bounty lands to certain officers and
soldiers engaged in the military service of the Uni-
ted States. The pending question being on the
following amendment proposed by Mr. Walker:
" Nor shall any warrant or certificate for land issued un-
der the provisions of this act be assignable in any case what-
ever, and the heirs-at-law or any of them, or the widow,
may at any time recover possessions of said premise?, wiih
the rent* and me&ne profits, by merely proving on trial the
fact ut heirship or widowhood."
The amendment was rejected.
]\lr. WALKER. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in the 7th line of the third
section, after the word 14 whatsoever*':
"■foor shall any warrant or certificate for land i<«ned un-
der the provisions of this act be assignable in any case what-
ever."
I ask the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is no necessity for
taking up the time of the Senate in taking the yeas
and nays on this amendment. A similar provis-
ion already exists in the bill, and if the Senator
frqm Wisconsin persists in his amendment, I do
not believe that the friends of the bill will raise
i any objection to it.
Mr.'WALKER. This provision is certainly
not in the bill', as I understand it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, if the Senator from
Wisconsin thinks it is not, I will accept it as an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. WALKER. Very well, if there be no ob-
jection to it, I will not ask the yeas and nays, for
T have no wish to consume the time of the Senate
unnecessarily.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and the " noes" appearing to have it—
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered and taken, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS— Messrs. Benton, Bricht, Ca«s, Chase, Davis of
Mi^issinpi, Dnde^ of Wisconsin, Dod?e of fowa, Dougta«,
Fetch Jones, Shield*, Smith, Walker, Whilcomb, and Yu-
lee—15.
NAYS—YIe«*r«. Atcht«on, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Berrien, Bn'lrr, Clav, Davis of Massachusetts, Daw-
son, Davton, Dickinson, Downs, Ewinir, Fremont, Hamlin,
Kins, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Norris. Pratt, Rusk, Soule,
Sprunnce, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
and Winlhrop—31
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON offered the following amendment,
to be added at the end of the hill:
Sec. —. JinAke it further enacted, That allnnsati«fied out-
standing land warrant* which have been heretofore issued,
and the residue of all such land warrants as have been part-
ly «ntisfipd, under the provisions of the second section of
the art appropriating for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government, parsed 3d March, 1835, as have been
issued by the State of Viruinui, untl^r the laws thereof, for
services performed in the wai of the Revolution, may be sur-
rendered to the Secretary of the fntermr within two years
from the passage of this act; and it shall he the duty of said
Secretaiy to is^ue thereupon to the owners of such war-
rants -crip at the rate of one dollar and twentv-five cents
per acre for each acre called for by said wartant, which
«crip shall be ncetva&le in pa\ merit for lands subject
to .sale or private entry in the Slates of Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, Michigan, or Wisconsin, and shall moreover be as-
signable bv" endorsement attested by two witnesses. In
R«mngsaid scrip the said Secretary is authorized, wheie
there are more persons than one interested m the same
wan ant or tract, to is-ue to each scrip for his or her portion,
and where infantsandfenime coverts may be entitled to scrip
under this act, the guardian of the infant and the husband
of the lemine may receive and dispose o (the same.
Mr. MASON spoke at some length in support
of his amendment, and the debate was continued
by Messrs. UNDERWOOD, CASS, and AT-
CHISON.
Mr. CLAY then reminded the Senate that the
hour had ariived for the consideration of another
special order—the bill to suppress the slave trade
in the District of Columbia—and, on his motion,
the further consideration of the bill before the
Senate was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER obtained permission to lay
upon the table an amendment which he intends to
\\ offer, and it was ordered to be printed, as follows,
!• (to be inserted after the word " patent," in section
3d, line 11th:)
"Nor shall any warrant or certificate, or any interest
therein, be assignable in any mannei ; but any heir or
widow of the warrantee may recover possession of said
land and the mesne profits th« teof, to the extent of the in-
terest or title which such heir or widow would have had if
no assignment had been made; and said warrantee or his
heirs, having obtained a patent and entered into possession
Of said land,""shall hold the same, *>o long as he s-hall remain
settled upon said land, exempt from execution or sale npon
any process, order, or decree of any court of the United
Slates."
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to suppress the slave trade in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. MASON moved to strike out the first two
sections, which were a part of the bill as it was
reported from the Committee of Thirteen. The
first of these sections prohibits the introduction of
any 3lave into the District of Columbia for the
purpose of being sold or placed in depd'-to be sub-
sequently transported to another market. The
second section provides for the abolition of the
depdts themselves in which the slaves ate confined
in the District of Columbia. If, therefore, the
motion to strikeout,should prevail,all that portion
of the bill relating to the abolition of the slave trade
in 1 he District of Columbia will be stricken out,
and its character changed, as it will only provide
for the punishment of persons enticing slaves from
the District, and invest a power in the corporation
to prohibit free persons of color from coming into
the District.
Mr. M. advocated his amendment, and the de-
bate was continued by Messrs. CLAY and
PEARCE. .
Before the vote was taken on that motion—
Mr. PEARCE moved to amend the first section
by striking out from the end the words, " Such
slave shall thereupon become liberated and free/'
and inserting the words:
"Such owner, or the'agent of such owner, shall he sub-
ject to a penalty of five hundred dollars, to he recovered by
actton of gui tarn, one half to the informer and the other
half to the corporation within whose hunt- the offpuce may
be committed ; and in every such ca«e hail shall be required,
any law to the contrary notwithstanding."
The penalties thus proposed to be inflicted are
for bringing slaves into the District of Columbia.
After debate, in which Messrs. CLAY,FOOTE,
PEARCE, EWING, and UNDERWOOD, took
part—
Mr. PEARCE modified his amendment by omit-
ting the closing words: ''and in every such case
bail shall be required, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding."
The debate was continued by Messrs. BER-
RIEN, BADGER, BALDWIN, DAVIS of Mis-
sissippi, PRATT, and TURNEY.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and being ordered, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs Atchi=on, BeH, Berrien, Dawson, Downs,
Fo"te, Houston, King. Ma?on, Morion, Pearce, Prait, Rusk,
Sebastian, Underwood, and Yulee—i6.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Clay,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davton," Dickin on, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Fetch, Greene, Ham-
lin, Jones, Mahiium, Noiris, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Walts, Walker, Wlutcomb,and Wtn-
tbrop—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the first two sections of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked foradivisiori of the
question, and the vote was taken on striking out
the first section, and resulted thus : *.
VEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Butler, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawson, Downs. Houston, Hunter, King, Ma-
son, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, SouM,Turney, Under-
wood. and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, BHfht,
Chase, Clay. Davis, of Massachusetts, Dajton, Dickinson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Fetch,
Foote, Greene, Hamlin, Jones, Mangum, Narns, I hflp-s,
Seward,Shields,Smith, Spru.utce, Sturgeon, Wales, Walk-
er, V^hitcomb, and Winthrop—30.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Senate also refused to strike out the second
section, by yeas and nays, as follow :
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Butler, Da-
vis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Houston, Hunter, Ma-
snn, Morton, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul^, Turney, and
Yulee—17.
NAYS— Me^rs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Bright,
Cbave, Clay, Davi-s of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dickinson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing,
Fclch, Greene, Hamlin, Jones, Mangum, Norris, Pbelp-,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood,
Wale?, Walker, Wlmeomb, and Winthrop—31.
Mr. DAYTON submitted the following amend-
ment :
In the third line of the fifth section strike out
all after the word "power," and insert the fol-
lowing :
j " To pass all necessary ordinances or police Jaws not in-
i consistent with the Constitution, touching the residence and
: conduct of tree negroes residing and cnmmg to reside within
| their respective jurisdictional limits, and to enfoice such
ordinances or laws, upon the breach thereof, by fine and
j imprisonment, or either, at theirdiscretion."
j After a few words of conversation, he with-
! drew the amendment for the present.
I Mr. SEWARD submitted the following as a
j substitute for the whole bill, after the enacting
! clause:
Sec. 1. Slavery shall forever cease within the District of
1 Columbia, and all persons held m bondagp therein shall be
free. The Secretary of the Interior -hall audit and pay to
II all persons holding slaves within the Burnet at the time that
;> this act takes effect, such damages a> they shall suffer by
i; the passage thereof, and the sum ol two hundred thousand
J dollars is hereby appropriated to carry this act into execu-
j tion, out of any money m the Tieasury not otherwise appio-
I printed.
j Sec. 2. An election shall be held in the Di^triet of Co-
lumbia, to ascertain whether this bill is approved hy the
j people thereof. Those who approve the act shall express
i then appiobauon by a ballot containing the words, " For
