1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
Mr. B. also, from thesame committee, reported
abill for the relief offrosiah P. Pilcher; whichjwas
read twice by its uile, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed.
Also, reported .a bill to provide for the payment
of volunteers called into the service of the United
Sta'es in Texas and New Mexico, in the year
1849; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. B., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
following petitions, and they were referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, viz: A petition
of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an amend-
ment of the law in relation to evidence of claims
of invalid soldiers, and that the soldiers of 1^12
be allowed bounty land; and the memorial of the
General Assembly of Alabama in behalf of John
Scott for a'pension.
On motion by Mr. B., the same committee was
discharged from the farther consideration of the
petition of J. Sanders and twenty other citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking that the soldiers of the late
war with Great Britain be placed on the same
footing with regard to the appropriations, with the
soldiers of the late Mexican war; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution reported by Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky,
from the Committee on the Post Office and Posi
Roads, t
Mr. JONES said he would move first to refer i
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of tne
Union; and, second, to lay it on the table.
The question first in order, was upon the mo-
tion to lay on the table; pending which,
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of William C. Douglass and
75 otlieis, citizen*, of Venango count}', Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Cungres^ to provide by law that whenever a person shall
be arretted ai< a fugitive slave m any State other than that
in which is alleged to be held to st iviee, he shall not hp
dehveied to the elainiant or his a<rent,except on the finding
ofajun that he is the s lave of the claimant.
AKo, the petition of Horace P Clough and 78 others, citi-
zens of Venango countv, Pennsylvania, pravmg Congiess
hereafter to admit no State into the Union, unless the con-
stitution of such State diall expresaly prohibit the existence
ot slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition of Anthony Johnson and 64 others, citi-
zens of the saine place, prajmg Congress to repeal all laws
by which slaveiy or the s! ive trade is authorized and sanc-
tioned in the city ot Washington, or the District of Colum-
bia, and that m the event ot their non-rr peal, the seat of the
National Government may be lemoved to some suitable
location.
Also, the petition of Amos Biown and 70 others, citizens
of the same place, pra> nig Congress to expiessly piohibit by
law ilaven and the slave trade in all the territories of the
United States.
lly Mr. SAVVTELLE: The petition of J. W. Hanson
and 47 other.-, citizens and electors ot N. rridgewock, in the
county of Somerset, and State of Maine, praying for the
repeal of all laws and parts of laws adopted or enacted by
Congress, by which slavery or the slave trade is authorized
in the city of Washington, or the Dsf-tnet of Columbia, and
that, in the event ot their non-iepeai.the beat of the National
Government maybe lemoved to someirioie suitable loca-
tion, after all proper measure* have bten adopted.
Also, the petition of C. R Vaiuhan and 59 others, citizens
of the same place, p avtusr that no State he hereafter admit-
ted into the Union, unles's the constitution ot such State
shall expressly prohibit the exigence of slavery within its
limits.
Also, the petition of John S. Abbot and 08 others, citizens
of the same place, piaying that a fugitive slave in anv State
other than that in which he i* alleged to he held to service,
shall not be d< livered up to the claimant or his agent, ex-
cept on the huding of a juiy that he is the slave ot the
claimant.
ANo, the ppfition of A*a Cla-k and 60 others, citizens of
the same place, piaymif that slavery and the slave trade may
be expressly prohibited hy act of Congress, in all the tetri-
torie- of th'* United States.
Bv'Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Owen Gnffith and
134 other citizens of Batavia, New Yoik, representing that
the eyxtem ot land tiatfie is wioiik in principle, and praying
that the public lands may he laid our in (ann> and lots, for
the use ot citizens not po-ses ed of land-.
AI~o, the petition of Danid K. Evans and others, of Ba-
tavia New York, psa\ uis that the plank road from Buffalo
to B 'rnvia m.n he e-=tabli-h.'d as a post-iome.
Bv Mr. GOODEVO W: The pennon of Hiram B. Chand-
ler and 10^ other citizens of Sumner, H irtford, and Canton,
in the countv of Oxfoid, and State ot Maine, ivskinir for the
e-5tahli-;hin«'ofa maii-ioure from Buckfield by Ei-t Sumner,
Hartford, and Canton mill- to Canton. Also, trom Buck-
field. bv- Sumner, to West Suinnei.
Mr. BUJ2L pre&ented the joint resolution of the State ot
Michigan, in relation to land selected by said State for saline
purposes.
Aiso, the joint resolution of said State in relation to the
free navigation of the St. Lawrence.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petttion of 79 citizens of Henry
county, Indiana, praying Congress hereafter to admit no
State into the Union-unless its constitution expressly pro-
htbstsJavery within its limits.
Also, the petition of/0 citizens of the same county andState
praying the repeal of all laws by which slavery or the slave
trade is sanctioned m the District of Columbia, or in the
event of the failure of such repeal, that the teat of the Na-
tional Government may be. removed.
Also, the petition of 79 citizens of the samp county, praying
Congress to provide a trial by jury in bthalf ot persons
claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 80 citizens of the same county,
prajirig Congress to piohibit slavery and the slave trade in
all the temtoiies of the United States.
Also, the petition of 10 citizens of Wajne county, Indiana,
soldiers in the Indian wars and the last war with Great
Britain, prajing Congiess lor a grant of bounty lands for their
services.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan relative to a grant ot land to the
officers who served in the war with Mexico.
Also, joint resolutions relative to a donation of land by
the Geneial Government, (or the establishment of an agri-
cultural school, and for other purposes.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of John Rait and 70
others, citizens of the town of Waterford, in the State of
Maine, for the reduction of the present rates of postage.
Also, the petition of Isaiah Warren and 60 other?, citi-
zens of the town of Fryburg, in the State ot Maine, for a
law to secure to alleged fugitive slaves the right of tiial by
jury, and lor the repeal of ail laws for the support of slavery
in the District of Columbia, and against the admission of
more slave States into the. Union, and also lor the piohibi-
tion of slavery in the territories.
Also, the petition of Amos Gage and 66 others, citizens
of Wateiford, in the State of Maine, for the same objects.
By Mr. HOAULAND : The petition of Ilenry Ream and
75 others, citizens of Shanesville, Ohio, for a modification
of the laws regulating postage.
By Mr. WENTVVOlt I'H : The petition of citizens of Le
Roy, McLean county, Illinois, for two cent postage.
By Mr. CALVIN: The pennon ol John Adams, of Penn-
sylvania, a revolutionary soldier, praying Congress to urant
him a pension.
By Mr. BOBBINS: A memorial of the merchants and
other citizens ot Pennsylvania, signed by A. Cuminings,
Samuel Carpenter, and twenty-three others, asking (or the
construction of a harbor on the eastern bide of Reedy
island, in the Delaware river.
By Mr. DURliEli: The petition of G. W. Meidelland 89
othei citizens ot the city ot Racine, m the State of Wiscon-
sin, against the admission of any more slave States into
the Union.
Also, a petition fiom the same, for the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted b\ Congiets lor the support of slavery in
the District ot Columbia.
A^o, a petition trom the same, in favor of securing to
alleged fugitives, the light of trial by jui j.
Also, a petition from the same, toi the establishment and
protection of freedom in urritones.
Also, the petition ol John F. Potter and 112 others, citi-
zens ot Burlington, in the State ot Witeon-m, tor the re-
peal ot all laws enacted or adopted by Congress lor the sup-
port of .slavery in the Dis-trict ot Columbia.
Also, a petition fiom the Mine, ng.mist the admission of
any more slave States into the Union
-Also, a petition from the same, foi the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories.
Alao, a petition trom the same, in favor of securing to
alleged fugitives the right of tiial by juiy.
Also, a petition ofEhsha Ra\ mond and 111 other citizens
of Raymond, in the Sute of Wisconsin, for the establish-
ment and protection ol fieerlom in the territories.
Also, a petition fiom the same, for the reptal of all laws
enacted or adopted by Congiess lor the support of slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition from the same, m favor of securing to
alleged fugitives the right of tnal by juiy.
Also, a petition from the same, against the admission of
any more slave States into the Union
Also, tlie petition of citizens of Putnam county, in the
State of Illinois, against the admission ot anymore slave
States into the Union.
Aho, a petition from the same, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories.
Al&o, a petition from the same, tor the repeal of all law s
enacted or adopted by Congress for the support ot slavery
in the District ol Columbia.
AI<o, a petition from the same, in favor of securing to
alleged fugitives, the light of trial by jury.
By Mi. KROWN, of Indiana: 'the petition of Jesse
Newby and 161 other citizens ol Hamilton countv, Indiana,
piayng the abolition ot slavery and the slave nade in the
tomtom--* of the United Stan *.
Also, the petition ol William Pickett and 161 others, ctti-
zens ot Hamilton county, Indiana, piaymg the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District ot Columbia.
Also, the petition of Samuel Rich and 160 other citizens
of Hamilton county, Indiana, piajing thai fugitive slaves
may be allowed the right of trial by jury.
AKo, the petition ot Je-se Newby and 1C0 other citizens
of Indiana, against the admission ot any more slave States.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jipril 11, 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, rose as soon as
Si the Journal had been read, and called the attention
'! of the Senate to the fact, that in the deficiency
bill an amendment had foeen made to extend the
time allowed to marshals to make their returns to
the Executive Department to the 1st of November,
but that other parts of the bill, which required
alterations to make them conform to that provision,
remained as originally prepared. He asked the
unanimous consent of the Senate to make such
amendments in this respect as were obviously ne-
cessary. Leave was granted.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Waldo, in the State of Maine, asking a reduction
of the rates of postage to two cents on all letters
prepaid that do not exceed half an ounce in weight;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of George
Ketcham anff eighty-four other citizens of Indiana,
■ who were officers and soldiers in the last war wjth
i Great Britain, ashing bounty land for their serv-
ices.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a memo-
rial of Brevet Col. J. F. K. Mansfield, of the United
States Engineers, for the settlement of his public
accounts as disbursing agent of the Government,
while superintending the construction of certain
public works; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of Mis-
sissippi, remonstrating against the further exten-
sion of Woodworth's patent for a planing ma-
chine; which was refeired to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. PEARCE submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of James Wilson, surviving
partner of William Wilson and Sons. He said that
the committee to which the memorial in this case
was referred had made an adverse report thereon;
he therefore moved the recommittal of that memo-
rial, and that these additional papers be referred to
the same committee. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I present the memorial of Joseph
By rd, which sets forth that, in acting as a piivate sol-
dier in Fioridaagainstthe Creek Indians, in the war
of 1814, during the war with Great Britain, while
out as a scout, belonging to a company of spies, he
came upon a prize which was in possession of a
British schooner—a quantity of merchandise. The
crew of the schooner, supposing him to be at-
tended by a larger company, weighed anchor and
left a portion of the goods on the shoie. They
were chiefly goods designed for Indian consump-
tion, and were taken into camp, and finally dis-
tributed among the troops stationed there at that
time. The petitioner prays that he may be al-
lowed a compensation I do not know the value
of thegoods thus taken. 1 do not know the amount
he claims. I think this should go to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and 1 move that it be
referred to that committee.
The reference was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I present a memorial of the
citizens of the United States lesidtng in the valley
of the northwestern lakes, asking the adoption of
measures for acquiring the right to the free navi-
gation of the St. Lawrence. The memorial seta
out with a very-well written representation that the
business and commerce upon the northern lakea
has increased to such an extent that the present
outlets to the ocean are incapable of furnishing the
requisite means of transportation—that the New
York canals are now so crosvded beyond their ca-
pacity, that the effect is not only to delay but to
create great uncertainty whether contracts for de-
livery can be complied with. They represent this
as a growing evil, and as a serious tax upon the
whole northwestern portion of our countiy, and
I lnctecismg to such an extent that some other mode
i of transportation must be provided. They set
i forth the fact that ^8,000,000 have been vested in
' vessels upon these lakes, and that of this $8 000,-
! 000, at least §2,000,000 are vested in vessels well
| adapted to the navigation of the ocean; and that
1 they lie idle five months in the year in conse-
quence of the ice. Jf they could secure the free
navigation of the St. Lawrence, they could be
used throughout the year, either on the lakes or
on the ocean. They set out with a great variety
of facts; and they conclude with the prayer, that
Congress will take such steps as will secure this
free navigation. I ask that the memottal be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce—that being
the committee to which the bill, which I had the
honor to present a few days ago, was referred;
and I ask the early attention of the Committee on
Commerce to that bill. 1 was in hopes it could
