1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
emancipation in the Distiict." Those who are opposed
shall vote by ballot, containing the words, '• Against eman-
cipation in the District." All persons entitled to vote for
any municipal officer in the District, and all citizens of the
United States residing within the District permanently, shall
be deemed qualified to vote at such election. Such election
shall be held within f-ix months from the passage of this
aci, a  d on public notice of not than three months, to
he given bv the marshal of the Di*t ict. If a majority of
the vote* giv^n at such election shall he in favor of this act,
it shall go into effect immediately. If a majority of the votes
shall be against the same, this act shall be void and of none
effect.
Debate ensued, in which Messrs. BALDWIN,
MANGUM, DAWSON, DAYTON, PRATT,
ATCHISON, MASON,CHASE,F00TE.W1N-
THROP, BADGER, and others took part.
Pending the question, the Senate adjourned.
[The debate on this bill, and the bounty land
biH, will be found in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, September 11, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion made yesterday by the gentleman
from North Carolina, fMr. Venable,] to refer
to the Committee on Elections the credentials
presented by the Representatives elect from the
State of California; to which motion the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] had olTeied an
amendment. The previous question had been
demanded, and pending that motion the House had
adjourned. The question now is," Is there a sec-
ond to the demand for the previous question?"
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, (to the Speaker.) What
is the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] is,
that the Speaker proceecl to administer the oath
prescribed by law to Edward Gilbert and G. W.
Wright, as members of this House from the State
of California.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Duncan and
Waldo were appointed.
And the question, " Will the House second the
demand for the previous question?" was taken,
and decided in the affii mauve—ayes 84, noes 28.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
take-p.
The SPEAKER stated that the main question
was first on the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] and then on the motion
to refer, amended or not, as the case might be.
Messrs. ROBINSON and WALLACE de-
manded the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. VAN DYKE asked that the original^ mo-
tion and the amendment might be read.
They were accordingly read,
Mr. BOYD, (to the Speaker.) Will the Chair
be so good as to state what the first question is?
Is there a motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question so soon as order is restored in the Hall.
After a short pause—
The SPEAKER proceeded. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] moves to
refer the credentials of the members elect from the
State of California to the Committee on Elections.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson]
moves to amend the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, by adding, that the members be j
now sworn and takS their seats; and the question ]
is fitst on the amendment.
The yea3 and nays were then ordered on the
amendment.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, (to the Speaker.) If
the amendment should be agreed to, will the ere- I
dentials go to the Committee on Elections?
The SPEAKER. If the amendment should be j
agreed to, the question will then recur on the motion ,
as amended. If the motion as amended should ^
be agreed to, the credentials will be referred to the
Committee on Elections, and the members will be j
sworn in and take their seats. Such is the judg- i
ment of the Chair, unless the House should over- .
'"The question was then taken on the amendment, j
and resulted—yeas 109, nays 59; as follow; j
VE \S—Me-sts. Albcrisim, Alexander, Alien, Andrews, .
R-iki-r Bav Beale, Bennelt, Bissell, Bootli, Bowliri, Bn as, '
vi'ilhi'in J Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, Tlimn- ]
as a Butler, Josepli Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, !
Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Cole,Corvvin, Deberry,
Dickey, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot,
Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fiteh, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller,
Gentry, Gerry, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Gorman, Gott, Grmnell,
Hall, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, Ii.iy, Helwrd, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Howe, Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Julian, George
G. Kmc, j. G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Lefflo.r,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, Matteson. Mcl-oiiald, Mc-
Kissoek, McLanahan, F. E. McLean, Meacharn, Miller,
Moore, Morris, Nelson, Olds, Peaslee. Pitman, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Robinson, Root,
Sackott, Sawtetle, Bchenok, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Sheppt-rd, Silvester, Spragne, Frederick P. St-mton, R.
H. Stanton, Sretson, Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson,
Tuck, Underbill, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth,
White, and Wildriek—109.
NAYS— Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, AvereU, Bavly, Bow-
don, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell,
Cltnyman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcoek, Edmund cui,
Feather«ton, Green, Hamilton, Haralson, fsh:>m G. Harris,
S. W. Hairis, Hilliaid, Holladay, Holmes, Houston, Hub-
hard, Inge, J. W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson. R. W Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr. La Sere,
Horace Mann, Marshall, MeClemand,McQueen, MeWiIhe,
Meade, Millson, Mor«e, Oir, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Ross,
Rmnsey, Savage, Seddon, Stanly, Tiiddrinu* Stevt ns, Jacob
Thompson, Toomhs, Venable, Vinton, Wallace, Wellborn,
Williams, and Woodward—59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEVELAND, when his name was called,
rose and stated that he had paired off with Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, who had not yet returned,
and that he (Mr. C.) should not, therefore, vote
during the present week.
Mr. BOWIE, after the roll hod been called, rose
and said, that being out of his seat at the moment
his name was called, he asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to record his vote.
Objection was made.
So the vote of Mr. Bowie was not recorded.
Had rhe consent of the House been given, Mr. B.
would have voted in the affirmative.
^ The question reurring upon agreeing: to the mo-
tion of Mr. Venable, as amended, was taken and
agreed to.
The Representatives elect from California, Hon.
Messrs Edward Gilbert and George W.
Wright, being conducted to the Speaker's table
bv Mr. Boyd, were qualified by taking; the oath of
office prescribed by the Constitution, and took
their seats.
COLONEL PIERCE M. BUTLER.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, addressed the
Speaker and was recognized.
Mr STRONG, i rise to a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
for what purpose the gentleman from Arkansas
rises.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A short time
since, a bill for the relief of the late Colonel Butler,
who was killed in Mexico, was reported by the
Committee on Indian Affiirs, and passed this
House and was sent to the Senate, where it was
passed also, and received the signature of the Pres-
ident of the United States. But it being ascer-
tained that a clerical error had occurred, in the
omission of a few words, relative to a pension
agent, the resolution was rendered inoperative.
Immediately upon thi3 fact being1 communicated
to the Senate, that body passed a resolution to cor-
rect the error, and he asked the House to take up
that resolution now, and concur in it.
No objection being made.
The resolution was brought before the House.
" Joint resolution for the settlement of the accounts of the
heirs and leg.il representatives of Colonel Pierce M. But-
ler, agent for the Cherokee Indians."
The resolution was read three times and passed.
CONTESTED ELECTION PENNSYLVANIA.
John Robbins, Jp-., sitting member.
John S. Littell ' contestant.
The SPEAKER announced as the regular order !
of business the report of the Committee on Elec-
tions in the above contested election case from (he
Fourth Congressional District of Pennsylvania,
(being part of the county of Philadelphia.)
The majority report made by Mr. Strong,
chairman, concludes with the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the honoiable John Robbins, Jr., is en-
titled 10 the seat which he imw holds m this House as the
Representative from the Fourth Congressional District of
Pennsylvania.
The minority report by Mr. Van Dyke, (in
behalf of himself, Messrs. Underhill, Andrews,
and Thompson of Kentucky,) concludes with
the following lesolution;
Resolved, That John Robbins, Jr., is not entitled to the
seat now occupied bv him as a Representative from the
Fourth Congressional District in the State of Pennsylvania,
but that the said seat be, and the same is hereby, deflated
vacant*, and that the Speaker of the House inform the
Governor of Pennsylvania of such vacancy. *
The question being upon agreeing to the resolu-
tion of the majority—
Mr. STRONG said : Mr. Speaker, until the
vote just taken referring the case of the California
members to ns, I had hoped that! might congrat-
ulate both the House and the Committee of Elec-  
tions upon the fact, that this wasprobablythe last
case of a contested electioif which would, during
this Congress, be presented to them for adjudica-
tion. I am fully sensible that the questions which
have employed the time of that committee, and
which they have reported to the House for final
I action, have been unusually numerous and import-
ant. The present differs from all which have pre-
ceded it. The issues presented are wholly issues
of fact, and the final question is not whether Mr.
Littell, the contestant, has been elected, (for that is
not claimed even by the minority of the com-
mittee,) but whether the House should dtclare the
seat now held by Mr. Robbins vacant. Nor are
the issues numerous; yet the testimony submitted
is so voluminous, and so peculiar in its character,
that it may easily mislead, unless it be subjected to
a careful and minute examination; an examina-
tion such as J know few members of this House
have had the time to bestow upon it. The extent
and the peculiarities of ihe evidenceare such, that it
was impossible forthe report even toallude to very
much that is important, without having extended
itsdimensions to an unreasonable length, i fed that
i may, therefore, with propriety invoke the atten-
tion of all who are to act as judges, while I ex-
amine alike the alh gations of the contestant, and
the evidence by which those allegations are at-
tempted to be supported. Nor do I think that I
shall justly be accused of vanity, if I confidently
assert that I shall be able to show, not only that
the contestant has utterly failed in substantiating
his allegations, but that they are completely dis-
proved by the evidence which he himself has pre-
sented.
The entire contest in this case is respecting the
official returns from Penn district, a suburb of the
city of Philadelphia, and one of the municipal di-
visions which compose the congiessional district,
the representation of which is now contested.
That district is divided by law into two precincts,
the East and the West. The official majority of
Mr. Robbins, as returned by the canvassing of-
ficers in the whole congressional district, was /our
hundred and ten. But Mr. JLitttH alleges that the
returns for both the precincts in Perm were in-
correct and fraudulent. He asserts, that at the
East precinct in Perm, two hundred and sixty-
nine persons, whose names he gives, were re-
turned as having voted, when in truth no such
persons voted; and that one hundred and sixty-
seven petsons (also named by him) were returned
as having voted at the West precinct, who did
not vote at all. The only questions, therefore, to
be examined are, were the* returns from Penn
district correct, or were the two hundred and
sixty-nine electors in the East precinct, and the
one hundred and sixty-seven in the West, fraud-
ulently interpolated in the official list, and falsely
returned as having voted. £ need not observe,
that in accordance with every recognized princi-
ple; the returns made by the regularly-constituted
canvassing officers are to be regarded in the first
instance as conect. The burden of proof that they
are not so must rest upon the contestant. But
there is more than the usual presumption, that the
official leturns are true and accurate m this case.
In Pennsylvania the duties of the officers who con-
duct elections are prescribed by statutory provis-
ion. The act of the Legislature of that State pro-
vides, that in every election district, all elections
shall be conducted by one judge, two inspectors,
and two clerks. All these officers are sworn to
conduct the election honestly and faithfully, to
guard against fraud, and to make true returns.
The duty of the judge is to decide upon the qual-
ification of voters whenever the inspectors dis-
agree. The duty of both inspectors is to stand at
a window, through which the elector hands his
ballots, to leceive them, to deposit them in the
ballot-boxes, and to announce the name of the
voter to the clerks, who each records the name on
two lists kept by them. When the polls are
closed, the ballots are required to be counted by all
the officers, and a statement of the result be made
