1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
703
as powerfully felt as it is beautifully ex
and the proceeding is a practical commentary
upon the operation of our institutions worthy of
all praise, showing, as it does, that as we extend
in space and increase in numbers, we still hold on,
with unshaken affection, to the work of our fathers,
the world's best hope, and our own.
I move, sir, that the resolutions be read, and
then laid upon the table and printed-
The Secretary read the resolutions as follows:
JOINT RESOLUTIONS relating to the Union.
Whereas, the people of this State are opposed 10 the ex-
tension of slavery, but believe that a crisis in our national
affairs lias arrived which demands an expression of their
deep, devoted, and unalterable attachment to the Union,
and their fixed determination, in a ppirit of mutual forbear-
ance and moderation, to guard by all means a<jamstthe dan-
gers at present, 111 the opinion of n any, threatening its in-
tegrity; and wheie.is, they believe that our Senators in
Congriouaht to b^ left frne to art ax their judgment may
dietaieon all questions that may arise in any way affecting
the stability and permanency ol the Fedeial compact; there-
fore—
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the State of Michigan, That, in ihe opinion ofthis Le«zi -
l.ilnre, the people of tin* rotate most heartily approve of the
noble and p.unoac stmd taken in ilie Senate of the United
Stdtcbhy those distinguished state.-men who represent the
various sections and different fueling., of our common coun-
try, and have united thuir efforts to preserve the Union
" one and uidivisihl^."
Ami be it further resolved, That in the opinion of this
Legislature it is th^ duty ol our Senators in Congress, and
they are hereby re<pi«Med, to retain their planes in our na-
tional councils, which they have heretofore filled with such
signal prudence and distinguished ability; and Ihev are
hereby left free to aid, in voice and vote, in any and every
movement which then judgment may decide to ho b'-st calcu-
lated to promote the interests and glorv of the whole n tion,
and the tranquillity, integrity, ami pemnnericy of the Union.
RnolvctK That the Govei nor be requested to transmit cer-
tified copies of this preamble and the>e resolutions to the
Vice President of the United States, and to each 01 our Sen-
ators in Congt ess. , S U. HARRIri,
SpeaJ:er of the HnvSf of Rejn-e-,eiitnti})r<s.
WM. \T. FENTOM,
President of the Senate.
Approved, Jlyrril 2, 1850.
Jons S. Barry.
The resolutions were then laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the committee on Pen-
sions, to whii'h was referred the lull for the relief
of Margaret E. Carnes, widow of Peter H. Carnes,
submitted an adverse report on the same; which
was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the several memorials in relation to the
extension of revolutionary and other pensions,
reported a bill to amend an act, passed on the 20th
February, 1847, entiled "An act making appro-
priations for the payment of revolutionary and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending the 30th June, 1848;" which was read and
passi'd to a second reading.
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the resolution of the Senate of the
8th instant, submitted by Mr. Douglas, to print
five thousand copies of the report of Captain
Pope, of explorations of the Territory of Minne-
sota, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of
masters and owners of vessels of the State of Neiv
York, requesting that a law may be passed re-
quiring the Secretary of the Treasury to report
annually the amount collected at each custom-
house, for the support of the marine hospitals, the
number of such hospitals, and where located,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, on the ground that what they
asked was already stated in the report of the Sec-
retary of the. Tieasury; which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of the mayor and aldermen
of the city ot Darien, Georgia, asking that pro-
vision may be made for the relief of sick and dis-
abled seamen, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, on the ground
that estimates had already been made for the pur-
pose; which was concuried in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolution of the Senate of the 15th
March last, directing the committee to inquire into
the propriety of restoring to the revenue-cutter
service the officers that were dismissed from the
service by the Secretary of the Treasury the 3d
January, 1849, asked to be discharged from the
furtherconsideration of the same; which was con-
curred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of New Jersey,
asking the establishment of a new collection dis-
trict at Jones river, reported a bill to change the
limits of the collection district of Little-Egg Har-
bor, in the State of New Jersey, and for other
purposes; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the following House bills: An act for the
relief of Williams, Staples, arid Williams, and an
act for the relief of Smith and Hersey, reported
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mended their passage.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill for the relief of
Camfield Averill, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Pensions have
instructed me to report House bill No. 132, with
the recommendation that it be passed. It is a bill
for the continuance of a pension to Mary McRae.
I wish to gain the attention of the Seriate to a state-
ment of the facts in the case. This Mrs. McRae
is a widow—very old—and her pension is about to
expire. This bill is dimply a renewal of it; it has
been submitted to the Commissioner of Pensions,
and he desires that it may pass. This is her sole
dependence, and the committee have instructed me
to ask that it be passed now.
The bill was accordingly read, and having been
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and no
amendment having been made, it was reported to
the Senate, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memoiial of
Thomas Marston Taylor, asking allowance for
Treasury notes deposited in the Phcemx bank of
Charlestown, Massachusetts, and lost by the fail-
uie of the bank, submnted a report, which was
ordered to be punted, accompanied by a bill for
the relief of Thomas M. Taylor and Francis B.
Stockton, which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the papers and documents in the case of
T. P. McBlair, reported a bill for the relief of Pur-
ser T. P. MeBlair; which was read and passed to
a third reading.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill giving the assent
of the United States to an act of the General As-
sembly of Virginia, passed at the December ses-
sion, 1844, chapter 267; which was lead a fiist and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
PORT OF ENTRY AT MILWAUKEE.
Mr. WALKER. I rise for the purpose of mak-
ing an inquiry of the Committee on Commerce.
I wish to inquire of the chairman of that commit-
tee what has become of a bill to establish a port of
| entry at Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin ?
I Mr. HAMLIN. In relation to all changes of
collection districts, the system over the whole
country being somewhat intricate, yet well under-
stood by the department, the Committee on Com-
merce have deemed it their dmy to confer with the
department in all these matters, in order that there
may be no derangement of the geneial system.
This matter was refened to the geiuleman's col-
league, and he is now in correspondence with the
department, and they, in connection with him, are
taking proper steps to accomplish precisely what
the gentleman asks for.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. The bill which
has been reported, together with the letter of the
Secretary ot the Treasury, which I have received,
is now on file.
Mr. WALKER. I will now state my object in
making the inquiry. Shortly after the business
of this session commenced here, I introduced a
bill for the establishment of a port of entry at
Milwaukee, Wisconsin. As it appears from my
file of bills, the bill No 134 has been leported from
the Committee on Commerce, to which it was re-
ferred by my colleague, who has just taken his
seat. I wish to state here, ihat i am as ueil satis-
fied as any man can be that my colleague intended
to do me no injustice, and 1 therefore disavow any
imputation of an intention on his part to do me in-
justice, but there has gone into the public press of
Wisconsin a statement that my colleague intro-
duced this bill. I received a letter yesterday which
shows somewhat how these things are looked at,
and while I care little about its effects on myself,
I wish to state the fact. My friend writes that it
is considered somewhat singular, that as I am a
resident of Milwaukee, and acquainted with the
wants of the people, my colleague, who lives in a
distant portion of the State, should have taken
upon himself the matter of introducing this bill.
This has all arisen fcorri the fact that the report '
was not in the usual form. The Committee on
Commerce have instructed my colleague to report
"back the bill, either with or without amendment.
Had this been explained, this feeling wjth regard
to the matter would not have ausen. 1 repeat, f
I care nothing about it with relation to myself;
but I wish to state that, while my conduct is thus
regarded at home, it is unjust to me. I intend not
to disregard this thing any longer. I wish to
let the people of Wisconsin understand that there
is a combined system to trample me nndpr foot,
and the people shall know it, if my voice can be
heard through the press of the city of Washing-
ton. I believe that my colleague has had no inten-
tion do me any injury, and 1 impute to him no
motive of that kind.
Mr. DODGE. The bill which has been re-
ported by me, was the bill which was received
from the Tieasury Department. I had no idea
whatever that 1 was doing any injustice to my
colleague. The simple facts are, that this bill was
intrusted to my charge by the committee of which
I am a member. It differs in some respects from
the bill presented by my colleague, it is true, es-
pecially as relates to collectors and their salaries,
but it is not different in it3 general character. I
repeat that I had no intention whatever of doing
him any injustice. My object was to do an act of
justice to my constituents; and 1 hope, and in-
deed I have no doubt of it, that when tiie proper
time comes my colleague will vote for this bill. I
have made this explanation with the view of in-
forming him that the bill of which he speaks was
not the bill which the Secretary of the Treasury
sent to me, and with the further view that my con-
stituents may understand the part which 1 have
taken.
Mr. WALKER. I attribute no improper mo-
tive whatever to my colleague, and I hope he so
understands me.
Mr. DODGE. Certainly; I so understand you.
Mr. WALKER. I wish now to know what
has become of my bill? Jf a substitute was re-
ported for it, what has become of the ong-imd bill ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to say
a single word on this matter. J do not recollect
the fact that the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin brought in a bill. I remember this much, how-
ever, which may perhaps serve toexplatn the mat-
ter. I believe, without the committee having any
knowledge of whom the bill came from, that there
was a bill before them; and 1 think that in the
committee I made a motion myself that the sub-
ject should be sent to the department. It was for
that reason, and notoutof diaiespect to anybody,
that the bill from the department wa* reported.
In the Department of the Treasury there ate of-
ficers to whom the affairs of the customs are com-
mitted. It is their business to undeisismtl all the
matters relating to these subjects; Uis their busi-
ness to comprehend the geographical line's; and
they can better assign limits tu a new district than
we can, because they are in possession of better
means. 1 think, therefore, that I proposed th«t
this subject should be sent to the department, and
that they should send a bill to us, or surh infor-
mation as they might think pioper. 1 hey sent a
bill with their views on the subject, conforming,
I believe, substantially to the puipose winch the
mover of this bill had in \iew, but putting u m a
form which they thought better suited to ti;e pub-
lic exigencies. So far as i am concerned, I am sure
that nothing like disrespect was intended to tho
Senator/iom Wisconsin. This is the usual course,
and the proper course, in which business should
be done.
Mr. WALKER. I am aware that is the proper
course. They should have consulted the dep..la-
ment and the Commissioner of Customs. But
when a bill is sent to a committee, it is its duty to
keep track of the original bill, and the Commis-
sioner of Customs has no right to smuggle in a
