1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1797
office*®5 list as having voted and not upon the
window list, and he therefore concludes that they
did not vote. But if any member of the House
will compare that list of names asserted not to
have voted, with that kept by Mr. Manson, he
will find that one hundred and seyenty of them
are marked upon the list of Mr. Manson, and
sworn by him to have voted. Sir, I have made
the comparison. I have the result here, (showing
the statement.) There are one hundred and
seventy of these electors, who Mr. Litteil insists
did norvote, and who the minority of the com-
mittee insinuate were fictitious persons and did not
live in ithe district or vote there, proved to have
been reai and to have voted by uncontradicted
evidence furnished by the contestant. There are
&lso twenty-two other names of persons, noted
upon Mr. Manson's list as having voted, which
are probably- the same with names of os many
upo® Mr. Littell's catalogue of interpolated vo-
ters, though they are spelled slightly different.
What now becomes of the contestant's case? it
Is for him to show that the two hundred and
sixty-nine persons whom he names did not vote.
That is the sole foundation of his complaint. Re-
move that, and he must utterly fail. 1 think, sir,
that I have shown, in a manner that must be sat-
isfactory to every unprejudiced mind, that the
evidence upon which he relies to prove his allega-
tion is entirely inadequate. I have done more; I
&iave made goad my pledge to demonstate that he
himself has positively disproved what he asserts
as the ground of his claim.
Sir, let me present this matter in a different as-
pect. I beg tho House to bear in mind that the
question is, whether the two hundred and sixty-
nine, whose names Mr. Litteil gives upon page
fifteen of the report, and page seventy-three of
the printed evidence, actually voted. If they did,
then the contestant fails-, if they did not, then
their names were fraudulently inserted on the offi-
cial list, and so many votes fraudulently returned.
Now, did they vote? Apart from the official re-
turns, and the oaths of the officers of the election,
I assert thatthere is positive evidence thatthey did.
Let me invite the attention of the House to the
testimony which proves it. But first, I ask
members to observe this remarkable fact: In Mr.
Littell's specification accompanying his memorial,
<(on page fifteen of the report,) he gives the names
of the two hundred and sixty-nine persons on the
-official return list, who he asserts did not vote at
tall. In the same specification (c«a page twenty-
one) he gives the names of those who, he asserts,
did vote, and voted for him, though he has given
eio other evidence than the official return that any
one voted for him. .Now, a moment's examina-
tion reveals the astonishing truth, that very many
names of the same persons (no less than twenty-
four) are upon both lists. In other words, in one
breath he asserts that certain persons did not vote,
.and that their names should be stricken from the
official return ;and in the next breath avers thatthey
did vote, and that their votes should be counted.
Most unaccountable inconsistency! Strange that
Mr. Litteil did not perceive it, and that it Sid not
tdispel the hallucination which he seems to have
cherished. But I return to the inquiry, did these
two hundred a'nd sixty-nine vote? Throwing
aside, for the present, the positive evidence of the
official list and return, and the consideration that
it is not for the sitting member to prove that they
did, but for the contestant to prove that they aid
not, I repeat that the testimony of Mr. Manson,
the contestant's witness, coupled with his list R,
(page seventy-three, printed evidence,) establishes
beyond controversy, that at least one hundred and
seventy of them, and probably one hundred and
ninety-two of them, did vote. If so, then the at-
tempt to disturb Mr. Robbins in his seat must
prove abortive.
But, sir, there is still another aspect in which
this case may be stated. The window list, and
Manson's list, are evidence that all whose names
are marked upon them voted, though they raise
only the slightest presumption that those whose
names are not marked did not vote. It will readily
be perceived that it might well be that omissions to
mark the names of voters may have occurred, but
it is not possible that the names of those who did
not vote should be-noted, except by mistake, or
willful misrepresentation. The outside list and
Manson's list are, then, evidence that all whose
names are noted upon them did vote. Now, sir,
I have compared those two lists with the official
list as returned. It has cost me some labor and
considerable time; but the result is, that every
name upon the official list is marked as having vo-
ted either upon Mr. Manson's or the window list,
except 76, and if slightdifferences in orthography
be disregarded, every name except about sixty. I
have marked the names upon my copy of the print-
ed evidence. Recollect, Mr. Speaker, that all this
is proved by lists which upon their face give pal-
pable evidence of imperfection—by lists which
mutually prove each other to be grossly incom-
plete, and which are admitted to be so, and by
lists which are the only foundation of the claim of
the contestant. Sir, it is not too strong language
for me to use when I say that the whole hypo-
thesis of the contestant is exploded, that his own
witnesses prove the right of the sitting member to
his seat. Even if no allowances be made for
omissions upon Manson's and the outside win-
dow list; if all not marked upon them be rejected,
still the contestant has proved that Mr. Robbins
was elected.
Mr. Speaker, I might leave the case here, but I
should be doing injustice to it if 1 did not pay some
attention to the extraordinary positions which the
minority of the committee have taken. Assuming
that the list of the window committee is the true
account of those who voted, they proceed to as-
sert that the correctness of that list is vindicated
by other facts proved in the case. It is idle, how-
ever, to talk about confirming this window list by
circumstances, when it is proved by direct testi-
mony of the contestant to be largely incomplete,
and utterly unreliable. But what are the facts
which it is supposed confirm it ? The first is, that
a large number of the names upon the official list
are not found upon that made by the assessor.
Sir, the minority have been led into error here by
their ignorance of the laws of Pennsylvania
There is no such thing as a registered list of voters
in that State. The assessor's list is but a list of
taxables, and multitudes vote at every election
whose names are not upon the list of that district
in which they vote. Those who are between the
ages of twenty-one and twenty-two are never
named on the list. Any citizen of the United
States, who has resided within the State one year,
may vote in any district in which he has resided
ten days before the election, no matter where he
may have been assessed, if he has paid a State or
county tax, which had been assessed at least ten
days previous to the attempt to vote. If his name
was upon the assessor's list at Pittsburg he might
vote in Penn district. The object of the additional
assessment is not to form a complete list of those
who are voters, but only to levy a tax upon those
who have been in no district assessed. Penn dis-
trict was a suberb of Philadelphia; its population
was rapidly increasing, and as is ever the case in
thesuburbs of our large cities, constantly changing.
Instead of being remarkable, therefore, that the
names of so many voters were not upon the assess-
or's list, it is precisely what is usual and what
might have been expected. How this tends to
impeach the official return of the election, how it
vindicates the accuracy of the account kept by
the window committee, how it tends to prove that
the two hundred and sixty-nine persons named by
Mr. Litteil did not vote, is more than I am able
to discover.
I pass now to the next circumstance, which the
minority of the committee suppose confirms the
testimony of the window committee, and the accu-
racy of their list. The minority say that subpoe-
nas were issued to obtain the attendance of these
two hundred and sixty-nine persons, and that not
one of them could be found. Sir, this is a most
extraordinary misapprehension of the evidence.
The only testimony in relation to this matter is
that given by John C. Wetherbee. He states
that he served subpoenas upon various persons to
procure their attendance, not in this case, but be-
fore an alderman, the grand jury, and the criminal
court. He couid not find all the parties—hardly
any of them lived in the district. What parties
could he not find? Who did not live m the
district? The minority of the committee answer
these questions by saying, all the two hundred and
sixty-nine persons claimed by Mr. Litteil not to
have voted, not one of them could be found. Sir,
this is not the testimony. The witness speaks of
but fifty-one who are named in his list, (page 109.)
I have here the subpoenas, thirteen in number, and
upon the whole of them there are but foi;tj-thr^ of
the two hundred and sixty-nine wha its|s'said"dia
not vote. The minority have multiplied these forty-
three more than Falstaff did his men in'buc^rara.
But look again at this list of names on the sub-
poenas. Here it is. More t^an fralfof the*n are
the names of persons who. Mr. Litteil alleges voted,
and voted for him. And yet, say the minority,
not one could be founcl—they had no real'exist-
ence. Sir, the outside window list nee^s some
stronger prop than this. I should be surprised at
the mistake into which my Honorable friends have
fallen, did I not know that a poniparison o'f these
catalogues of names is a work of great labor. '
Let me now notice another poition of the testi-
mony of thia John 0. Wetherbee. He names
fourteen persons whose names are found upon the
official list, but who he says had removed from
the district, or died before the October election of
1848. The inference drawn from this testimony
is, that no such persons voted. The question is
not whether illegal votes were received, but wheth-
er these persons voted at all. The allegation is,
that they were not there—that they were unreal,
fictitious, interpolated. Now, sir, observe, every
one of these fourteen persons gworn by Mr. Weth-
erbee to have removed or died before the election,
are proved by George W. Manson to have beea
present, and to have voted on the day of election.
They are all marked upon his list as having voted.
I.pass on (for I have not time to say all that I
could wish to say) to the next attempt to impeach
the official, and support the window list. My
learned friends in tne minority of the committee
argue that it is proved by George W. Manson,
who kept the assessor's list, that after the polls
were closed forty-two names were handed to him
by some person, whose name he refuses to give,
with a request that he would place them on the
assessor's list, and mark them as having voted,
and that none of those names are on the registry,
but are interpolated into the official returns. Sir,
this is again a mistake. This is a transaction
which took place after the November election, (the
presidential,) and not the congressional, which
was held in October. Mr. Manson states that the
list was handed to him either after the October or the
November election, he cannot say which exactly.
It is true that he afterwards states that he is sure
the request was to mark them on the assessor's
list of the October election. But in this he is
clearly in error, as the evidence shows. I ask the
House to look for a minute to the list itself. It is
on page 163 of the printed e.vidence. It will there
be found that Mr. Manson swore, on the 19th of
December, 1848, when the thing was fresh in his
memory, that the foity-two names were handed to
him after the November election, and that the re-
quest waq to place them on the assessor's list of
thut election. The fact that the word ''November"
was written on an erasure, confirms this view. If,
then, it was at a different election, it can have no
bearing on this case. Again: there is no legal evi-
dence that the names on list S are the names which
were handed to him. At best it is but a sworn'
copy of a private paper, nowhere admissible in
evidence. The refusal to name the person who
handed it to him throws mystery around it, but a
j reasonable conjecture is, that it was done by an
assessor, simply with a view to make his assessed
list more complete. But as it refers to a different
election, it is useless to speculate upon it. It will
be observed that the witness is unable to recollect
any of the names that were on the list; that he is
n'6t certain about the number, and that he only
presumes the list is correct.
The aigument that fraud in the official return is
to be iofei red from the boasting of Simon M. Gaul
and Thomas Hope Palmer is too feeble to need
refutation. Gaul was an assessor, and had nothing
to do with the conduct of the election. Thomas
Hope Palmer was a mere clerk, not an inspector.
The language which they used is the language
used by every partisan before an election, and by
many that are not. It has not yet become the law,
even in this age of progress, that an election is to
be regarded as fraudulent because some members
of the successful party have boasted of the laige
majorities they intended to give. We had many
promises from our Whig friends in Pennsylvania
before the last Presidential election of a similar
character, but we never .contended that for this
reason the electoral vote of the State should not be
given to General Taylor. But, say the mmor.ty
