1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. II,
of the committee, Gaul declared that it was no
harm to cheat people out of the election. Sir, the
very declaration proves that no fraud was designed.
Had it been, no public annunciation of it would
have been made by those who intended to perpe-
trate it. Gaul stated that the promised victory
was to be obtained by those named on the extra
assessment, even if all named on the old voted
with Wetherbee. If Wetherbee was fiightened
by such declarations, he must have been lion-
hearted. As well might a mouse threaten to swal-
low an elephant. Both the old and the new as-
sessment were posted up for {he inspection of all.
There were more than twice as many names on the
old as on the new. To threaten to beat the old
with the new was too palpably absurd not to have j
provoked the laughter of any one hut a Wether-
bee. The form of the boast is conclusive of its un-
importance.
The assertion that this district has never given
so Urge a vote at any time before or since, except
at the presidential election, is nnsustained by any
evidence. But if the fact weie so, it would be
easily- accounted for without presuming fraud.
Perm distiict has for some years been increasing
in population with great rapidity. That the num-
ber of votes in October and November, 1848, should
gieatly exceed the number polled at any previous
election,was but the fulfillment ofa reasonable ex-
pectuton. The elections in 1848, were of unu-
sual inte -est f n I importance, calculated to bring to <
the pjhs the largest number of electors. In addi-
tion to the congressional representation, there \
were chosen at the election in October, a Governor, j
a Canal Commissioner, a Senator, members of the 1
Legislature, and eight other county officer?, most
of them chosen only every third year. Sir, it is
true of al.nost every district in Pennsylvania, that
the vote polled in October and November, 1848,
greatly exceeded any'that had ever been polled
before or ever has been since.
The only other mode in which the minority of
the committee attempt to induce the House to pre-
sume the inaccuracy of the official list, and the
correctness of that kept by the window com-
mittee, is founded upon some loose testimony
given by Jacob W. Smith. He says he found
upon lists A and B (the window list) about fifty
marked names ihat did not appear on the official
account, and that a list was made of those names.
Mr, Littell has presented that list, and claims that
these persons voted, though not recorded as voters
upon the official list. True, there is no proof of
the identity of that list with the one which Smith
mentions. But [ waive all that. Admit it to be
the same. Now let us examine it. It may be
found on page 20 of the report, and page 109 of
the printed evidence. Sir, I am compelled to re-
fard the presentation of this list as disingenuous.
t contains fifty-one names. Four of those names
are not on the official and three of them not on the
window list. They are C. Coats, John Dungan,
D. Engard, and Henry Eckhaid. Twelve others
are distinctly entered upon the official list. They
are John Clymer, John Lang, Dennis Lynch,
Ger^e R. Leonard, J. Mole, William Martin,John
McGmley, George Rankin,Thomns Ryan, Joseph
Sykes, Charles G. Sweetser, and Benjamin Thom-
as. Most of the others are also on it, with some
slight variations in orthography. John Buck on
the window list is John Biid on the official list.
John Beeler is John Bruler. Charles Haugher is
not on window list A. It is Charles Haugheron
B,it isCharies Hahn on Manson's list and it is
Charles Hahn on the official list. J. Knorr is
marked on window list A as having voted. It
is J. I^err on B, the other, it is J. Kier on Man-
son'<*, and J. Kier is found on the official list.
William Bridge is entered on one window list as
having voted. It is entered on Manson's Chris-
tian Bridge, and on the official Christopher Bridge.
Thomas J. Kearl is marked on A as having voted,
but not on B; it is Thomas Curl on Manson's,
and Thomas J. Carl on the official. This is the
character of the whole list. Michael O'Brien is
entered,, on window list B as having voted, riot
mentioned at all on A. On Manson's list it is en-
tered Cornelius O'Brien, and Cornelius O'Brien
is entered on the official list as a voter. Yet in
this case, as in many others, Mr. Littell claims
that Michael O'Brien was omitted and Cornelius
O'Brien interpolated. Sir, it looks disingenuous.
I cannot detain the House longer by an examina-
tion of this list of fifty-one names alleged to have
been omitted. I have compared them all, and
have similar results on this paper, (exhibiting it.)
It will be found that most of these names, which
are not recorded in the same letters on the official
list, are names of persons who had not been as-
sessed in Penn district. In writing them the win-
dow committee, hearing imperfectly, spelled them in
one mode, Mr. Manson in another, and the clerks
ofthe election perhaps in still another. I want no
better evidence than this paper C, this list of the
fifty-one peisons who the contestant alleges did
vote, but were not noted as voters, to establish the
utter worthlessness ofthe window list. There are,
however, a few among the number which cannot
be thus accounted for. It will be found, however,
on examination, that in every such case the name
before or after on the window list is not marked,
but is marked on Manson's, and is entered on the
official. This is precisely what I have already
argued might have been expected. In marking in
in "the midst of a crowd, with a lead pencil, upon a
catalogue not stiictly alphabetical, it is highly
probable that the maik in many cases was pre-
fixed to the wrong name. Not to presume that it
was so against a charge of fraud, would be revers-
ing the acknowledged principles of law and of com-
mon justice. But I will say no more about these
fifty-one names which the minority of the commit-
tee suppose impeach the credit to be attached to
the official list. If they do not rather confirm it; it
they do not rather prove that the outside window
list is unworthy of confidence, utteily unreliable,
I am unable to weigh evidence.
1 perceive, Mr. Speaker, that I have omitted one j
of ihe circumstances which the minority of the j
committee suppose tends to cast suspicion upon ■
the official returns. It is, that after the poils had j
closed, while ihe other officers had gone to supper, 1
the ballot-boxes were removed from the table on i
which they had stood during the day, and piled i
against the partition by the clerks. And what of j
that? If it had not been done, it would have been i
strange, unusual. The minority speak of them as j
dtunktti clerks. That is, however, a mere embel- i
hshment. i find no allusion to it in the evidence, j
Sir, with some knowledge of (he mode in which ;
elections are conducted in Pennsylvania, I under-
take to say, that this removal of the ballot-boxes
from the position m which they siood during the
time when the votes were received, is an usual,
and, so far as my knowledge extends, an invaria*
ble thing. The law requires that each ballot in
each box should be countcd by all the officers—by
the judge, the two inspectors and the two clerks.
But one box can be opened at a time, and to pre-
vent the intermingling of ballots, and to obtain
space for opening arid counting the votes in each
box, all the boxes are removed from the table
except one. This is precisely what was done in
this case; and nothing but ignorance of the law
and the usage in Pennsylvania,could have adduced
this circumstance as confirmatory of the ^outside
list, or as casting suspicion upon the returns made
by the officers of the election.
I have now disposed of all the positions which
have been taken in order to thow discredit upon
the official returns, to sustain the outside window
list, and to induce the House to believe that the
two hundred and sixty-nine persons specified did
not vote. 1 appeal now to every one who has
heard me to answer: Have 1 not redeemed my
pledge? Have I not shown that the outside wm-
do w^list is not to be relied upon: Have I not done
more—have 1 not shown, by the contestants own
evidence, that the two hundred and sixty-nine per-
sons, who he alleges did not vote, did vote, and
thus confirmed the official list? What need of j
more? And yet new facts rise up to disprove the |
contestant's case at every step. Sir, every person
named upon the official list is marked as having
voted either upon Manson's or the window list,
except seventy-six. Now, when it is remembered
that boih Manson's list and the list of the window
committee are proved to be grossly incomplete, is
it too much to assert, that for these seventy-six the
House should rely upon the oath and the official
return of the five officers of the election ? If it is,
then reject them; deduct them from the aggregate
of Mr. Robbins; deduct all the other votes which
it is claimed should be deducted, and Mr. Robbins
is still elected by one hundred and sixty-seven ma-
joiity.
1 dismiss now any further consideration of the
allegations against the return from the East precinct
and turn to the West. I have already consumed
so much time in considering the allegations which
are intended to impeach the official list in the Past
precinct, that I can say but little about the oiher.
Nor is it necessary, for if the House believe that
the evidence does not sustain the accuracy of the
window list—does not prove that the,two hundred
and sixty-nine persons specified did not vote; if
the evidence of the contestant is insufficient to
overturn the credit due to the oath of the five
officers, and their official return, then it is super-
fluous to notice what is alleged against tfre return
from the West precinct. Admit all that is alleged by
the contestant against it, *and Mr. Robbins wa 
still elected by a majority of two hundred and
forty-three.
Yet more: if the whole vote of the West precinct
be rejected, the sitting member has received a
considerable majority in the congressional district,
and yet the contestant admits that Mr. Robbins
received a majority of one hundred and forty-two
in that precinct.
But, sir, I never can admit that trie official re-
turn in the West precinct of Penn district is erro-
neous. Like the return in the East precinct, it nr
supported by the oaths of five officers. It is im-
peached by even less than i3 arrayed against the
return in the east division of Penn district. The
outside-window list is wholly dependent upon the
testimony of William Bache and James R. Ed-
ams, and principally upon that of Bache. He
kept the list, not because he had been deputed by
any one to keep it; not because he was responsi-
ble to anybody, but from mere cuuosity. Neither
he nor Edams arrived at the poll* until some time
after the voting commenced. They were occa-
sionally pushed from their places. Attempts were
often made to snatch from their hands the papers
upon which they wrote the names of voters*
They encountered all the difficulties, and even
more than were encounteied by the window com-
mittee/in the East precinct. Their attention was
equally distracted. Of course they could not get
the names of the inside voters; and as they wrote
the names (instead of marking them upon a printed
list) they were more exposed to mistake. Mr.
Bache also testifies that he kept the list all the day,
except about one hour; in other words, about thir-
teen hours. For all that period, the credit of his
list depends upon his single testimony, arrayed
against that of the five officers. It would be mar-
velous indeed if he could have stood forthnteen
hours in the midst of such a crowd, jostled at every
turn, and frequently displaced by a rush, and yet
have kept a list upon which any reliance could be
placed. Add to this that his list was kept upon
separate pieces of paper, and was, therefore, ex-
posed to loss, and who will say that it is any more
reliable than that kept m the East precinct ? And
yet the window-list in the East precinct, kept svith
quite as much care, under more responsibility, and
in circumstances more favorable, is proved to be
grossly incomplete and full of errors.
But, sir, I have not time to dwell longeron this
part of the case, if the members of the House
will read the testimony, they must be satisfied that
no confidence is justly due to the window list
kept by Bache and Edams; and that theie is noth-
ing which should be supposed to impair in the
least degree, implicit reliance upon the official re-
turns. .
Mr. Speaker, entertaining such views of this
case, I think I may with earnestness and propriety
! urge the House to adopt the resolution reported by
| the majority of the committee, and to confirm Mr.
I Robbins in the seat which he has up to this time
1 occupied.
! Sir, the minority of the committee have con-
! eluded the exposition of iheir views, by the ex-
! pression of what I regard as an entire misappre-
! hension of the positions taken by the majority.
! We have not contended that Mr. Robbins is to
< retain his seat, admitting that two hundred and
i sixty-nine votes in the eastern precinct, and one
! hundred and sixty-seven in the western preemtet
I were imaginary and fraudulently interpolated, be-
cause it is5 not proved for whom the fraudulent
votes were counted. On the contrary, we have
argued the case upon the assumption that all votes
proved unreal or fraudulent, may be deducted from
the aggregate of the sitting member; and I cannot
but regard it as unfair to charge upon us a posi-
tion which we have never assumed. I admit, and
so did substantially admit in the report which I
