1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had the honor to present, that if it be proved that
a greater number of fraudulent votes were counted
than the official majority of the sitting member,
and there be no evidence to show for whom these
unreal or fraudulent votes were eountcd, that the
House should remand the question to the people-
of the district, and declare the seat vacant. But!
contend that there is no such proof in this case—
yet more, sir, 1 contend that the official returns
are proved to be correct. This is a question of
fact, not of la.v, which every member must deter-
mine for himself.
Mr. SRTONG having concluded—
Mr. VAN DYKE obtained the floor. In a few
preliminary remarks, he denied the truth of the
statements made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-.
vania, [Mr. Strong,] upon the ground that there
was no evidence to sustain them. He (Mr. V.
D.) opposed his own assertion to that of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. He (Mr. V. D ) could
not now enter into an examination of all the mat-
ters to winch the gentleman had referred. While
that gentleman asserted one thing, he (Mr. V. D.)
asserted another. He presumed that the House
"would not take the statement either of the one or
the other, but would throw both of them aside and
looK to the evidence alone.
The short hour allotted would not allow him to
go into the arguments of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, but he (Mr. V. D.) proposed briefly to
touch some of the points of the case. Before pro-
ceeding to do so, he exonerated, in the most ex-
plicit terms, the sitting member from any partici-
pation in the outrages which were complained of;
but the minority of the committee (of which he,
Mr. Y. D., was one) deemed it their duty to lay
these matters before the House, and to ask its
opinion upon them. He asked the House to say
whether such outrages were to be tamely submitted
to now, and the next time, and as often as parties
interested might choose to commit them, or
whether it would now put the seal of its condem-
nation upon the-m ?
Mr. V. D. then proceeded to notice some of the
main points in the case.
Mr. V. D. replied to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, stating that tt was probable that
the House would not be disposed to decide this
case on the statement made by that gentleman, or
on that which he was about to make, but on the
evidence itself. He explained that the Penn dis-
trict was divided into two precincts, one of which,
the eastern, contained about five hundred voters,
andt he other, the western, contained three hun-
dred. Jt had been alleged on the part of the con-
testant, (Mr. Lutell,) that in the eastern pre-
cinct, there appeared on the official return, two
hundred and sixty-nine names of voters who did
not actually vote at the polls at all. By the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, it was attempted to be
shown that some of these persons did vote. But
supposing that the number of fictitious names was
somewhat less than two hundred and sixty-nine.
If it was only two hundred, or even one hundred,
the principle on which the House was called to
decide, was the same. If a fraudulent return had
been made, the election of the sitting member was
not a valid one; and if the House did not intend
to pass over this fraud, they ought to adopt such
a course as would prevent the occurrence of simi-
lar frauds hereafter.
It had been stated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that the law of that State requires that
the judges, inspectors, and clerks of elections,
should return the number of votes given, certified
on oath. If such was the law, he contended that
it had been violated in this instance, inasmuch as
the official returns had not been thus certified by
the judges, inspectors, and clerks. The return
from the eastern precinct was signed only by two
clerks. Yet this was the official list filed m the
office. There was no other official list. All the
testimony taken in the case referred to this list,
and to none other. He was disposed to place as
much reliance on the statements of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania as on those of any gentleman,
but he must say that in this case that gentleman's
allegations were not sustained hy the evidence.
These two clerks had charge of the ballot-boxes,
while the other officers went to supper, and when
they returned, the boxes were changed. The re-
turn made by these two clerks had been impeached
by several witnesses. Had these names thus re-
turned been the names of real voters, why were
not some of those voters brought forward, to show
not merely the fact of their existence, but that
they had actually been at the polls, and had de-
posited their votes? If that had been done, the
charge that these were fictitious names, would
have been at once put to flight. But not a single
oneof these individuals had been brought forward,
and the natural inference was, that they could not
be brought forward, and that, in fact, these names
were altogether fictitious.
It had been attempted to be shown that the win-
dow committee could not, on account of the rush,
keep an acccurate list of the persons who came up
to vote. He insisted that the persons outside had
as good an opportunity of making a correct list as
those who were engaged within doors. He did not
charge any corruption against those clerks, but if
there was any let them be responsible.
When a voter came up to the polls, his name was
proclaimed on the outside, and was known to those
without the window, before it could be known
within. Hurry there was none, because the offi-
cers had to record the name on the list, and exam-
ine the register, before the next vote was received,
and this afforded sufficient time for those outsideto
enter the name of the voter on their list.
He admitted that there might have been mistakes
committed, and that names might have been
omitted which should not, but it was not likely that
those mistakes should have been so numerous as
to extend to one halfof the whole. He contended
that the window committee had as good an oppor-
tunity to catch the names of the voters correctly as
those who were in the room, because the latter
had not only to record the votes, but to compare
the names with the register. The accuracy of the
register he thought of little value, as Mr. Manson,
oneof the Democratic inspectors on the other side
admits that more than one hundred and fifty-seven
persons voted, whose names were not on his regis-
ter. His evidence shows that at least one hundred
and fifty-seven petitioner's names were returned on
the list, which belonged tonone ofihose who voted.
Here, then, if fraud had been committed by the
officers themselves, the list of those names was
in the hand of the officers of the election, and it
was competent for them, if the names belonged to
real persons, to have produced some one or more of
these persons, and showed that they were at the
polls and did vote.
They called on persons to give an estimate of
the number of voters m these precincts, and it would
have been easy to impeach the correctness of the
estimate, had it been inaccurate, and by this esti-
mate it was shown, that the district was incapable
of giving so large a vote as that which was said to
have been given at this election.
Here was a prima facie case made by the win-
dow committee, which might havebeen impeached
—a prima facie case made by those officer, who had
not produced any one of the persons who are
charged as fictitious voters, for the purpose of
proving their reality, and a prima-facie case made
by the estimate of competent persons, showing that
the district could not produce so many votes as had
been returned.
There were also many persons who voted,
whose names are not to be found in the official re-
turns at all. We "have the testimony of a w^ttess
who swears that he examined the list, and who
alleges that there were fifty-one persons who voted,
whose names are not to be found at all on the of-
ficial returns. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
says that he finds ten of those on the official list.
But whether the number was forty-one or fifty-one
the principle is the same. The fraud was as
clearly perpetrated, whether the number was
greater or less. And if the House should decide
that this shall be passed over, we must expect that
the precedent will lead to futuie abuses.
Again: Manson swears, that a person came to
him, and asked him to put forty-two names on hts
official list, as the names of persons who had
voted; while in fact they had not voted; that he
refused; yet these names are found in the official
returns, as the names of persons who voted.
He appealed to the House not to pass over this
fraud.
In relation to the western precinct, it is alleged
that 167 names are on the official list as of per-
sons who in fact did not vote at all. It is proved
that the window committee kept tallies here, and
they swear that in the official returns appear the
names of 167 voters who did not vote at all. They
might have made a few mistakes, but it was not
probable that these mistakes were very numerous.
Here was, then, evidence of fraud. A Democratic
inspector in this precinct alleges that there were
more than 130 voters entered on the official re-
turn who did not vote at all, according to his lin.
There were not more than 400 voters in this pre-
cmct, so that it was not probable that there should
be such a rush as the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia describes—a rush which would prevent the
window committee from keeping an accurate list
of the voters. Why were not these persons,
whose names are thus fraudulently recorded,
brought forward to prove that they were real per-
sons, and that they came to the polls and voted?
Not one of these persons had been found.
He consideted the case made out in reference to
these fraudulent voters as plainly as a case in an
ordinary court of law, or a promissory note is
made out by the production of the note, the iden-
\ tification of the signature, and the absence of all
' sustainable evidence that the note was improperly
obtained.
If we take away all these fictitious names given
for Mr. Robbins, the sittine member, and add
them to the votes given for Mr. Littell, the con-
testant, it would elect Mr. Littell. But he was
not disposed to carry out the case to this result,
which would be, in his opinion, too harsh. He
was rather disposed to refer the matter back to the
people, and let them proceed to a new election.
Mr, HARRIS, of Tennessee, inasmuch as the
majority and minority reports in this case have
been for some time in the possession of the mem-
bers of this House, from which every fact relating
to this case can be obtained; inasmuch as this ses-
sion is drawing rapidly to a close, and there are
quite a number of bills of an important character
now lying on your table, requiring the considera-
tion and action of this House, I can see no useful
purpose to be attained from the further considera-
tion of this subject. I therefore move the previous
question.
Messrs. MOORE and CHANDLER rose si-
multaneously and addressed the Speaker.
Mr. MOORE, who was recognized,appealed to
the gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, to enable him to
say a few words.
Mr. HARRIS said he could not consent to
withdraw the previous question for any purpose
or for any member of the House.
The previous question was seconded;'and
The main question was ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said he would
move a call of the House.
Mr. STRONG claimed the floor in the exercise
of the privilege accorded by the rule to the gentle-
man reporting a measure from a committee, to
close the debate.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Before I took my seat I
intended to move, as an amendment to the resolu-
tion of the majority of the committee, the resolu-
tion appended to the minority report.
The Speaker pro tem.t [Mr. Thompson, of Mis-
sissippi.] The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Van Dyke] is aware that he cannot now move any
amendment except by the general consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move to reconsider the previous question, to give
the gentleman from New Jersey an opportunity to
move the amendment.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair decides
that a motion to reconsider the previous question
is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 understand it is only after
the previous question is executed in part that that
decision applies.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The decisions, I
believe, have been uniform.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe I must appeal.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] having the floor,
the other gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot
make the motion except by general consent.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a privileged question.
Mr. STRONG. I do not understand that my
colleague has the floor.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The gentleman
rises to a privileged question.
Mr. STRONG. 1 was going to say I hope my
friends on this side of the House will not object to
the introduction of the resolution. I hope the gen-
