1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 11,
(levari from New Jersey will have leave, by unan-
imous consent, to offer his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then if no objection is made
to the gentleman moving his'amendment, 1 with-
draw my appeal.
Mr. BURT. Before the previous question has
been moved and sustained, or before any proceed-
ings have taken place under the previous question,
any gentleman on either side of the Hall has the
right to rise and move to reconsider the previous
Question. Do I understand that the Chair decides
it is not in order to move to reconsider the pre-
vious question ?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair de-
cides, in accordance with the decision made by
the House, (contrary to hra own judgment,) that
the previous question cannot be reconsidered.
Mr. BURT merely desired to suggest to the
Chair, that the previous question might be recon-
sidered, as any other vote of the House. The
only decision of the House, which he remembered,
was that the previous question could not be recon-
sidered after some action of the House taken un-
der the previous question. It had o*nly gone to
fhat extent. But before any action was taken un-
der the previous question, he apprehended that the
previous question was open to reconsideration, as
any other vote of the House. He hoped the
Chair would reconsider his decision.
Mr. KAUFMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] is entitled to the floor. 1
ask whether he has yielded to his colleague?
Mr. STRONG. Not at all.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem ) The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] rises to a privilege
question. It has been the uniform practice of the
House to allow a gentleman the floor to a privi-
leged question.
^ Mr. KAUFMAN. It is not such a privileged
motion as will rule down a member who has ob-
tained the floor.
Mr. STRONG. I understand the House to
have consented unanimously to the gentleman from
New Jersey offering the amendment.
The SPEAKER, (pro tcin ) The Chair will pro-
pound the question, whether any objections are
made ?
Mr. VAN DYKE repeated that he intended to
have made the motion before he took his seat. It
was a mere omission on his part. Nothing could
be accomplished unless the majority were in favor
of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey states that he intended to have moved the
resolution before he took his seat. He now asks
the unanimous consent to make that motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
resolution reported by the minority. It was read.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) Is there any objec-
tion to thegentleman from New Jersey submitting
his amendment now ?
Mr. RICHARDSON objected, but withdrew his
objection.
No objection being made—
The amendment desired to be nrfoved by Mr.
Van Dyke, being a proposition to strike out the
resolution reported by the majority and insert in
lieu thereof the resolution of the minority, was re-
ceived.
And the question being on agreeing to the
amendment as a substitute—
Mr, STRONG resumed the floor. The House
(said he) is impatient to come to a vote. I will
not detain them longer, although I think I have
it in my power to show most conclusively, that
the gentleman from New Jersey has wholly mis-
taken the facts in this case, as well as the position
I take in regard to it. Yet, thinking the House
understand the case, and as they are impatient to
dispose of it, i will waive my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) announced that the
question was first upon agreeing to the amendment
as a substitute for the resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, inquired if it
wa3 in ortler to move a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) replied, that it was
not now in order, the previous question having
been sustained.
Mr. MOORE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment, (as a substitute for the original reso-
lution,) and resulted—yeas 50, nays 110 ; as fol-
low: '
VEAS—Messrs. Alston, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, T. B. Butler, Camphell, Chandler,
Clarke, Cole, Corwm, Crowell, Dickey, Naihan Evans,
Fon ler, Freedley, Gentry, Gott, Grmnell, Halloway, Hamp-
ton, Hay, Menard, Henry, Houston, William T. Jackson,
Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann,
Matteson, Meacham, Moore, Nelson, Otis, Pitman, Putnam,
Reed, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Sprague,Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens,Taylor, J. B.Thompson,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dvke, Vinton, and White—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Baylv, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Bowlm, Boyd, Al-
- bert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable,
George A.Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cariter, W. R. W.
Cobb,Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmund-
son, Bwmg, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore,
Gorman, Green, Hail, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Ifham
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibtiard,
Holladay, Howard, Hoive, Hubbard, Burner, Inge, J. W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sfere,
Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, MeClemand. Mc-
Dowell, MeLaiiahdri, McMullen, McQueen, Mc Willie,
Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richard-
son, Robinson, Koss, Savage, S.iwtelle, Seddon, Shepperd,
Frederick P- Stantori, Richard II. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
Toombs, Venable, Waldrn, Waldo, Wallace, Wiitkms,
Wellborn, Wentworib, Whittlesey, Wildiick, Williams,
Woodwaid, and Young—110
So the amendrmnt was rejected.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
original resolution, and was decided in the affirm-
ative, without a division.
So the original resolution was adopted.
And Mr. Robbins was declared entitled to the
seat which he holds in the House of Representa-
tives as the Representative from the Fourth Con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote, and that that motion be
laid upon the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the regular
order of business.
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be the report hereto-
fore made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] from the select committee appointed
to inquire" whether Mr. Ewing, late Secretary of
the Interior, had not reopened and paid certain
accounts, and whether he had not improperly paid
interest on others, &c.
Mi. BROWN, of M ississippi, who held the floor
from yesterday, spoke duii.ig the residue of his
hour, and he had not finished his argument when
the hammer fell. [See Appendix lor speech.]
Mi. BAYLY said, he did not design to detain
the committee beyond a very few moments upon
this occasion, and he should not address them at all,
at this late period of the session, upon this ques-
tion, if it were not that he considered that there
were great principles involved in this matter, as
well as the interests of his own constituents.
The gentleman from Mississippi, (said Mr. B.,)
in addressing the House yesterday, undertook to
arraign the members from Virginia for voting
against the postponement of this report, and ac-
cused us of a disposition to avoid a fair discussion
of it. Now, 1 beg leave to take the whole respon-
sibility of that vote. Considering the condition of
business before the House, I felt quite sure that if
it was passed over, it would come up again so
near the end of the session, if indeed it should
come up at all, that it never would be considered.
And as the interests of my constituents were con-
cerned in the matter, I was anxious that it should
be decided as soon as practicable. And hence,
sir, I interested myself with my friends to sustain
me in the vote I gave.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (the floor being yielded.)
The gentleman from Virginia has said that he was
anxious to get a vote upon the'question. 1 want
to put it to the gentleman, if he had voted for my
proposition, which was to make this subject the
special order of the day for next Tuesday, if it
would not have overrode all other questions, and
have been entitled to precedence until disposed of.'
Mr. BAYLY. If it had heen made the special
order of the day for the next Tuesday, it would
have come up. But my impression is, that at this
late period of the session, withma few days of the
adjournment, when all the important business of
ihe country was still pressing upon us, it would
have been impossible to have got the House to act
upon it, unless it was made the special order, and
I knew the House would not make it a special order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to make the
question with the gentleman upon this point.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not want to make a ques-
tion with the gentleman on that or any other point.
Mr. RICHARDSON. When I made the mo*
tion to postpone, the day of adjournment, the gen-
tleman from Virgina knows, was not fixed.
Mr. BAYLY. And the gentleman from Vh>
ginia expected that it would have been an earlier
day than the one that was fixed. And I believed
the gentleman from Illinois would have been in
favor of an earlier day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In that the gentleman is
mistaken. ,
Mr. BAYLY. If so, I bee pardon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not mean that the
gentleman shall escape m that way. He shall not
.throw upon me all the responsibility in regard to
this matter.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to throw no responsibil-
ity on thegentleman. If the gentleman's propo-
sition had prevailed, I will concede to him, if that
will satisfy him, that the subject would probably
have come up again; but the vote I gave made it
certain that it would come up, and I preferred the
certainty to the uncertainty.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia yield the floor?
Mr. BAYLY. I would rather not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman wishes
to avoid the issue he may go on.
Mr. BAYLY. Why I really see no necessity
for such a remark. I do not wish to make or
avoid any issue. But I cannot proceed under these
constant interruptions.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, sir,go on.
Mr. VINTON interposed, to say that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, as he under-
siood it, was to postpone to a day certain, and not
to make the subject the special order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Ohio understands merely what suits his own pur-
poses. Nothing else, sir.
Mr. VINTON. The record will decide, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir, the record will
decide.
Mr. BAYLY. Well now, gentlemen, I think I
have been quite good tempered enough for one
morning. I do not want to yield the floor any
more; I do not want to be asked to yield. Where
was 1 when 1 was interrupted? [A laugh.] I
was, sir, justifying the vote that I gave against
postponing, when I knew this subject would not
be made the special order, by which alone could it
come up again. I voted against that motion be-
cause, although, if adopted, the question, if the
gentleman will have it so, might possibly come up,
yet the vote I gave made it certain that it would
come up. I have now done with that part of the
subject.
Mr. VINTON asked for the reading of the
Journal, to show precisely what the motion was.
The SPEAKER. The Journal has not been
made up, but the minutes will be read if there be
no objection.
The Clerk read the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois, " to postpone until Tuesday week
and print." *
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I moved
to make it the special order for that day. I desire
that the Journal shall be corrected.
The SPEAKER. It is now too late to amend
the Journal. The Chair can relieve the gentle-
man, however, from the difficulty, by stating his
own recollection ofit. Thegentleman from Illinois
moved to postpone to a day certain and to make
the subject the special order. The Chair informed
him that it could not be done except by unani-
mous consent.
The gentleman from Virginia will proceed.
The Chair trusts that this colloquy will not be
persisted m.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I have again lost the
thread of my remarks.
I have said that I gave my vote as I considered
that my duty required; and, sir, I claim the priv-
ilege of judging as to what my duty requires,
without being questioned for it by any one but my
constituents.
My friend from Mississippi on yesterday took
especial pains to arraign the Virginia delegation,
and myself in particular. And he undertook to
denounce very bitterly my denial of the propriety
of Congress passing upon this resolution, as a
most novel and unprecedented pretension, one
