1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept 11,
unanimous vote of the House. Yet that was a
case where an appropriation was asked for and
legitimately b-fore us. But here we are
a-ke I merely to.act as a sort of court of error, and
to reverse the decision of a tribunal made by law
just as much one of last resort in these cases as the
Supreme Court is in cases properly coming before
it.
Mr. R[CHARDSON. The gentleman says,
that by' an act of Congress the Secretary of the
Interior is made the judge, in the last resort, to
decide the question. By what act of Congress is
it that this authority is given ? There is ap act of
Congress which aprrrnpriates $133,000 to pay cer-
tain claims due by Virginia, and there is a further
act which appropriates §80,000 for a similar pur-
pose. But these acts leave no question to the Sec-
retary of the Interior for his decision.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg your pardon; there were
three classes of cases provided for by the act of
1832.
1st. For the payment to the State of Virginia of
the sum she had actually paid " to the officers
'commanding in theVirginia line in the war of the
' Revolution, on account nf half pay for life promised
' to the officers aforesaid Uy that Commonwealth,
' the sum of $139,543 66."
2d. For the payment " to the State of Virginia
'the amount of the [unsatisfied] judgments which
' have been rendeied .tgainst said State for and on
' account of the promise contained in an act passed
' by the General Assembly of the State of Vir-
' ginia, in the month of May, A. D., 1779, and in
' favor of the officers "or representatives of officers
' of the regiments and corps" thetein recited, " not
'exceeding, in the whole, the sum of $241 345
3 J. Requiring and directing the Secretary of the
Treasury " to adjust and settle those claims for
' half pay of the officers of the aforesaid regiments
'and corps, which have not been paid or prose-
'cuted to judgment against the State of Virginia,
• and for which said Stale would be bound on the
' ■prinriplrs of the htdf pmj cases already decided in the
' siifnerne court of up/reals of thai Slate;" and to pay
the same " out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated by law."
The third clause made the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the judge, finally and exclusively, to determine
the cases coming within it. Subsequent acts of
Congress transferred that duty to the Secretary of
the Interior, and made him the judge in the last
resort, to determine who is en titled to money under
the law of 1832.
Who, sir, constituted this body ? An appellate
tri>unal to review the decisions of other depart-
ments of the Government' The idea of making
it such a tnbunal is, to my mind, the height of
absurdity; and 1 am quite sure never entered the
head of the wise men who framed our Constitution.
It has been universally held by ail of the de-
partments of the Government " that the account-
ing officers of the Treasury constitute a judicial
tribunal, empowered to adjust and settle claims,
and.to deietinine controversies between the claim-
ants and the United Slates; and if the law gives
to the ticcountmg officers the sole power of ad-
judicating upon a claim, and there is no general
staiute authorizing an appeal, that there is no
principle that would justify the interference of the
executive, which would not be equally applicable
to litigation in the Supreme Court."* And for as
strong a reason, there is no principle which would
justilv this House to interfere in one case which
would not in the other.
Sir, the idea of making such a body as .this
House an appellateirihunal, to revise the decisions
of the Attorney Geneial upon abstruse questions,
never entered the head, I am sure, of any one ex-
cept a wit of our Siate, formerly a member of this
House, who, a short time since, perpetrated a cap-
ital hoax. You know, sir, that we have lately held
an election in our State to choose members to a
convention to reform our constitution. Well, sir,
in some parts of the Commonwealth pretty radical
notions were ad vocaied. The gentleman referred
to to bring them into disrepute, issued a handbill,
signed "Qeoige Smith," in which, among other
reforms, he advocated semi-annual elections of
judges by the people. He maintained there was
no chance of judges thus elected ever deciding
wron", and that, consequently, there was no use
of a court of appeals. But if any thought other-
• See Mr. Wirt's opinion, and John C. Spencer's.
wise he proposed that all appeals should be taken
to the next regimental muster!
Well, sir, 1 am actually assured that there were
some people so pleased with his scheme that this
man of straw—this ideal person—really received
some votes.
Sir, the members of this House were not elected
with a view to their qualifications to decide legal
questions, and our avocations here are not favor-
able to a close investigation and an impartial de-
cision of them. Have wenotalready heard partyin-
vnked in i his case, which is a pure question of law ?
Yet this House is called upon to reverse a decision
of the department, that was given under the sanc-
tion of the opinion of the Attorney General, and
endorsed by the ablest lawyers of Virginia. If
we agree to consider it at all, how are we to decide
it ? Here we see a majority of the committee, com-
posed of intelligent and learned lawyers, denoun-
cing the decision of the Attorney General. Then
we have the minority, composed of such men as
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, who, how-
ever he may be as a politician—and I have nothing
to say in his defence in that respect—is a very
eminent lawyer. Thev give their opinion that
the decision is right. How is it on this floor with
the Virginia delegation, who must be presumed
to know something of Virginia law? Some of
them believe that the Attorney General has de-
cided this question right. Well, another por-
tion of this House believe that he has decided
it wrong. But none of us subscribe to the reason-
ing of the report. When I studied the case, I
came to a slow and reluctant judgment about
it, and I am informed by the gentleman from
Ohio, who has had long experience in courts,
that it was one of the most difficult and complica-
ted cases that he had ever examined; yet, in cases
of this sort, this House, scarcely without a mo-
ment's thought, is called upon to decide it, and de-
termine vested private rights to a large amount.
Sir, if the officers of the"Government know their
duty, I undeitake to say they will disregard any
opinion you may express. I shall not discuss the
legal question. *1 will never discuss any question
before a tiibunal not competent to decide it. 1
plead to the jurisdiction. There is no intimation
of fraud, and, as far as this House is concerned,
there is an end of the case. And 1 undertake to
say, that if there be a suspicion of it, it is most
unfounded. I say nothing about Mr. Ewing—
he may de'end himself; but I have known Mr.
Lyons from my earliest manhood, and a more
honorable man does not breathe. Any individual
who imputes impropriety to him, will, where he
is known, be very likely to bring himself, rather
than Mr. Lyons, into disrepute. 1 regret 1 have
detained the House so long. I should have
finished what 1 had to say in less than half the
time 1 have taken, had I not been interrupted.
Mr. DUNHAM followed, and addressed the
House during the allotted hour. He was cut off be-
for hehad concluded hi? argument,and gave notice
that he should add to his published speech the points
which he had not been able to embrace in the re-
marks he had made.
Mr. OUTLAW, after some remarks, in which he
asserted that there was no evidence of the slightest
corruption in thecase, moved the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON requested him to withdraw.
Mr. OUTLAW, after some hesitation, said he
would withdraw the demand if the gentleman
would renew it.
Mr. MILLSON, on these conditions; took the
floor.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
A suggestion of a night session to finish the
debate, was made by Mr. Featherston.
The House adjourned.
PETITION'S, &c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
Ry Mr. MORFtrS: The petition of Mnry A. Kindle, or
Clermont county, Ohio, asking for a pension and bounty
land.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 38 citizens of Henry
couuU, Indiana, praying Congress to devise ways and means
to suppress the Atrioan slave trade and facilitate the emi-
gration of free c"lor« d persons to the Republic of Liberia.
By Mr. WRIGHT t The petition of Lee & Cornwall and
51*2 other citjxtus of California, praying Congress to make
Sacramento Cny a port of entry.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, presented an official paper from the
Geneial Land Office relative to the ease of James McKall.
IN SENATE.
wednesday, September 11,1850.
IVIr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
James C. Booth and Camphelt Morfit, chemists of
the city of Philadelphia, proprietors of an inven-
tion for refining gold upon a new and economical
plan, asking: that it may be adopted for the use of
the mints of the United States already established,
and such others as may hereafter be put in opera-
tion in California and elsewhere. The memorial-
ists set forth the advantages to be derived. 1st.
That it dispenses with the use of the large amount
of silver now employed in refining at the mint.
2d. That it will enable the mint, with very little
additional expense, to increase its capabilities for
coining- to any required extent. 3d. That it will
diminish nearly one half, if not more. 4'h. That
it will enable the mint to refine four times the
present quantity of gold in the same time and
space. 5fh. That it will create a revenue hy
saving, out of which the Government can pay for
the use of the invention, and the memorialists are
willing to allow their compensation to depend on
that contingency. The memorial was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT said he had been charged
with the presentation of a paper from a citizen of
Illinois. He was not prepared to say what dis-
position should be made of it; he presumed that
it had better be laid on the table; which wasagreed
to. The petition was signed by Benedict Roate,
who complains of grievous wrongs and persecu-
tions inflicted on him in his own State of Illfnois;
the Legislature of which having denied him re-
dress, he seeks it at the hands of Congress.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred House bill No.
1*20, being the hill for the relief of Charles Stuart,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage. *
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Aflfiirs, to which was referred the memorial
of Richard Fields, asking payment of a balance
due him for services as special agent to the Semi-
nole Indians, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
CLERK TO THE POST OFFICE COMMITTEE.
Mr. RUSK offered thefollowing resolution,and
asked its immediate consideration:
"Rttoh-eJ, That the Committee on the post Office and
Post liosds he authorize d to employ a clerk until the begin-
ning of the next session of Congress."
Mr. HUNTER. I believe this has never been
done hefore. We have but two committees who
are allowed clerks, and one of them only for a
short period.
Mr. RUSK. From what examination I have
been able to give to the Post Office Department, I
have ascertained that it is one of the worst con-
ducted departments under the Government. The
same machinery with which it commenced is in
operation at the present time; and I feel perfectly
satisfied, that with the investigation \ shall be able
to make with the assistance of a clerk, I shall be
enabled to present, at the next session erf Con-
gress, a bill which will not only provide for the
more efficient performance of the services in that
department, but reduce its expenditures fully one
third from their present amount. I have devoted
all possible persona! attention to the subject, and I
find it impossible to make a thorough examination
of all the details and minutiae of the department,
and thus secure the information which is necessary
to be reported to Congress as a basis for the pro-
' posed reform and reduction of expenditures, with-
j out the aid of a clerk. It is for the purpose of
collecting this information that the authority to
employ a clerk is asked.
Mr. HUNTER. As the object of the Senator
from Texas is to secure aid in the performance of
an especial work of great labor and utility, X with-
draw my objection to the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. FREMONT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for extending the laws and judicial system of the
United States to the State of California; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the judiciary.
Also, a bill to create the office of sui'Veyor of
