1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
1803
the public lands in the State of California; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill to preserve peace with the Indian
tribes in California, by extinguishing their terri-
torial claims in the gold mine districts; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
bill passed.
The engrossed bill for the relief of John Le Roy
was read a third time, and passed.
'drawback on exports.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to consider, as in Committee
of the Whole, Senate bill No. 115, being the bill
amendatory of the act entitled " An act allowing
drawback on foreign merchandise exported in the
original package to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in
Mexico, and to the British North American prov-
inces adjoining the United States," approved
March 3, 1845-, and for other purpases.
Mr. DAVIS. There are but two informal
amendments proposed to it, on which the question
■was pending when the bill was laid on the table
some time ago.
The first amendment was to insert at the close
of section 1 the words, "and the residue of the
provisions of the said act are hereby extended to
cases arising under this act."
The other amendment was to add at the end of
the bill the words, u and subject to the forfeitures
and penalties presented m and bysaid act of March
2,1831."
The question was then taken on both the amend-
ments together, and they were agreed to.
This bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments having been concurred in, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
colonization society africans.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill for the relief of the American Coloni-
zation Society. The slaves that were recaptured
on the barque Pons were turned over to the Colo-
nization Society by the authorities of the United
States, gent to Liberia, and there kept at the ex-
pense of the society for one or two years. Most
of them were children of twelve, fifteen, and six-
teen years of age. The society think that the
expense of feeding, clothing, an 1 educating these
people, which was thus devolved on them by the
action of the Government, ought to be repaid
them. It was certainly an expense incurred by
the society, through the action of the Govern-
ment in throwing these young negroes upon them
for maintenance, instead of taking them, as the
Government was bound to do by law, and pro-
viding for them. That is the nature of the claim.
They simply ask that so much hall be paid them
as the society, from its own experience, pays in
reference to its own emigrants. The claim was
reported upon favorably two years ago. A simi-
lar report has again been made; and as the neces-
sities of the society require that they should have
the money, I hope .the Senate will consent to take
up the bill.
The Senate agreed to take up the bill, and pro-
ceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Treasury, upon equitable principles, to set-
tle the claim of the American Colonization Society
for the support and maintenance in Liberia of the
Africans recaptured on board the barque Pons,
and for all supplies furnished them> of every de-
scription, for their education, for medical atten-
tion, and for lands given them, and to pay the
amount which he may find so to be due to the said
society, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, provided the same shall
not exceed fifty dollars per head.
Mr. TURNEY asked for the reading of the re-
port of the committee.
The Secretary read the report accordingly. It
sets forth that a liberal construction of the act of
Congress of March 3, 1819, would require that
the Government should provide for the support of
these recaptured Africans for a reasonable time
after they had been landed in Liberia, and that it
is beneath the dignity of the Government to de-
volve this duty upon the society. The petition of
the executive committee of the society, which the
committee incorporated in their report, states that
on the 16th of December, 1845, the United States
ship Yorktown, Commodore Bell, landed at Mon-
rovia, in Liberia,from the slaver Pons,seven hun-
dred and fiftv recaptured Africans, in charge of the
agent of the United States for recaptured Africans,
in a naked, starving, and dying condition, all of
them, excepting twenty-one, being under the age
of twenty-one. The United States made no pro-
vision for their support after they were landed.
By the construction given to the act of 1819 by
President Monroe, the Uni'ed States were bound
to support these recaptives, but by a narrowercon-
struction given to the act subsequently, a contrary
course was pursued, and the Government was
considered to have discharged its duties under the
act on landing them in Liberia. In the support,
education, &c. of these seven hundred and fifty
persons, a.large expense was devolved upon the
society, which they ask shall now be refunded to
them. The society state that it costs them $30 per
head to provide for each colored emigrant fiom the
United States, and thev therefore consider the sum
of $50 per head, for educating, clothing, and feed-
ing these savage children until they were able to
sustain themselves, to be but a reasonable com-
pensation. These services' were not required to
be performed by the society under their constitu-
tion, but the alternative was to leave these recap-
tured Africans to starve and die, and the society
therefore cheerfully took charge of them, relying
upon the Government of the United Slates to re-
fund the cost to them.
Mr. TURNEY. I am not able to perceive that
there is any constitutional power on the part of
Congress to appropriate the public money for any
such purpose as this. But, if there were no doubt
about the power, as a matter of policy and expe-
diency 1 am opposed to it It seems that this Col-
onization Society—a charitable society, as I sup-
pose—undertaking to raise and collect funds for
the purpose of benefiting a certain class of human
beings, have gone on and made a laige expenditure
in supporting certain Africans, in Africa, and they
now come forward and say it is wrong that they
should have incurred this expense, and ask this
Government to indemnify them, by refunding the
amount which they have thus expended, or per-
haps double the amount; for the amount is to be
settled on principles of equity, not to exceed fifty
dollars per head. Thia seems to me to assume a
very great stretch of power in Congress; and,
aside from that, it seems to be a principle which
should never be sanctioned by this body. Sh.ill
the self-appointed agents of this Government—the
Colonization Society—be permitted to go forth and
expend money as they please, and then present it
as a claim on the Government? If this precedent
shall be sanctioned, who can tell where appropria-
tions for this class of expenditures are to end 5
They may go on exporting free negroes to Africa,
which, I believe, is their proper business, and after
they have supported them theie a year or two, claim
under this precedent to have the cost refunded to
them by this Government, and in this indirect way
establish a hold on the Treasury for the further-
ance of their policy and the development of their
philanthropy. I do not know that any resistance
of mine can be effectual in opposing a policy of
this description, but I am opposed to it on every
principle of justice and right. And if we had the
constitutional power, which I doubt, I am opposed
to the bill in its present shape, from the fact that
it does not specify the precise amount to be appro-
priated, but leaves it to be gathered from accounts
and documents which Congress cannot readily ex-
amine. All I can do is to present these objections,
and ask for the yeas and nays, which, 1 hope, the
Senate will grant to me.
Mr. UN DERWOOD. I shall regret very murh
if we shall be involved in any discussion on this
subject, and what I have to say shall fcc very
brefly said. In reference to the main objection of
my friend from Tennessee, I admit that the appro-
priate duty of the Colonization Society is to trans-
port free people of color from this country to Af  ica.
I admit, too, that their means of accomplishing
that object depend entirely on private charity and
individual contributions. But conceding all this, I
ask my friend from Tennessee what right the Gov-
ernment has to thtow into this colony seven or
eight hundred children, who were recaptured un-
der your anti-slave trade laws on the high seas,
and leave them to be supported at the expense of
this charitable private institution, if you please so
to call it? It is one of the essences of private
charities that the donor«hall control his own funda
and apply them according to his own views of be-
nevolence; but here, by this conduct on the part
of the Government, you throw into the colony of
Liberia these recaptured Africans,- who do not fall
within the scope of the object of this charity, and
then leave them there to starve, or compel the Col-
onization Society to feed, keep, and educate them,
and to bring them up. I ask the Senator what
right has the Government to act in that way to-
wards a private charity, and thus to burden indi-
vidual means which are raised for other purposes?
The act of 1819 provides that this Government
shall provide for the maintenance, support, and
transportation o/ the recaptured Africans beyond
he limits of the United States. Piesident Monroe
gave that act a construction which authorized the
payment of their expenses after they were landed
abroad; but subsequently a narrower construction
| has prevailed, and it has been held that ihe Gov-
| ernment is only bound to support, maintain, and
keep them until they are landed m Africa, without
making any provision for ihtir future support after
they shall have been thus landed. The whole case
is in a nutshell. These negroes were recaptured,
sent to Africa, and turned loose there, and this
society was compelled to see them starve, or feed
them; to let them go naked, or clothe ihrm. They
preferred to feed and clothe them; and, under.these
circumstances, they applied to this Government,
as an act of benevolence and generosity—no, sir,
as an act of justice—to make,some remuneration
for the expense thus incurred. Now, as to my
friend's objection to the amount: The committee
were satisfied that the society, as is stated in their
memorial, usually expended about thirty dollars
per head for its own emigrants, under favorable
circumstances; but in this case the claim was to the
extent of fifty dollars per head. The reason for this
increased amount is in the fact that these persons
were naked savages, finable to speak the language,
and notable to support themselves. This is not
the case in regard to their own emigrants, who,
being free people of color of the United States, are
moie civilized, reach there better provided, and in
the course "f a few months generally are able to
maintain themselves In consequence of this dif-
ference in the condition of the emigrants, the so-
ciety have claimed the addition of twenty dollars,
and the committee have thought proper, under all
the circumstances, to leave the matter to be deter-
mined by the department, with a limitation that
the amount appropriated shall not exceed th6 sum
of fifty dollars per head. It seems to me, that with
this provision the bill is amply guarded. If the
Senator from Tennessee thinks the amount limited
is too high, let him move to seduce it. 1 should
deprecate a motion of the kind, to be sure, for
thirty dollars is about the expenditure which ex-
perience has proven to the society is required for
their own emigrants under circumstancf s the most
favorable. The object is to leave it to the Govern-
ment, on investigation, to determine whether tj^ey
will go a Utile bevond that amount in this case.
Mr. TURNEY. I have no disposition to make ,
any motion to amend this bill, for 1 am opposed
to the principle of it in every form. The propo-
sition to refer to an accounting officer to determine
the amount, and the limitation to fifty dollais for
each person, only shotfs that the society desires
to obtain, and no doubt would obtain, out of the
Treasury a much larger amount than they in fact
expended. However, that is a small objection to
the bill. The opposition which I have to it is to
the principle of the bill itself. I deny the power
of Congress to appropriate money for any such
purpose as the colonization of Africans. These
Africans, being recaptured, were taken back to
their own country; the power of this Governm< nt
over them was then exhausted, and if it was net
exhausted, the policy of this Government, so far
as it should act at all, was exhausted. There was
no obligation on this Government to support these
Africans a single day after they were returned to
the shores of Africa. I oppose the principle of
any society, either a religious society or any
other, which undertakes to act m matters of this
description, and then, under the claim of being
charitable persons, comes forward and asks an
indemnity from the Government to reimbuise the
amount which they have expended. I am willing
that those who choose should organize themselves
into a society, under the name of a colonization
