710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
to the present day, a power that results from the
right to acquire; for if our Government can ac-
quire, it must have the power to take care of its
acquisitions, to govern them, to make all necessary
laws for them; and under the Constitution, Con-
gress must judge what laws are necessary.
While instructed to vote and feeling bound to
vote for no bill which does not contain a prohibi-
tion of slavery, I am impressed with the conviction
that the feeling of my constituents is universal in
favor of the immediate admission of California into
the Union as a State. In this opinion I heartily
concur, and I think she should be admitted with-
out delay. It is understood that one great object
of the resolution of the Senator from Mississippi
is, to have incorporated into one bill the admission
of California and territorial governments for New
Mexico and Utah. If that is done, the Senate will
perceive that I shall be placed in the position, by
voting against the bill, to vote against California,
which I am unwilling to do, or by voting for the
bill, to vote against the explicit instructions of the
Legislature of my State. Now, sir, I cannot vol-
untarily place myself in this dilemma.
One word more upon this subject. I think it
due to truth to say, that while 1 recognize the right
of Congress to prohibit slavery in the territories,
for which we are attempting to prepare govern-
ments, I am not so fully impressed with the neces-
sity of such prohibition under existing circum-
stances as some gentlemen appear to be. I concur,
mainly, with the honorable Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] who expressed the conviction that
the "proviso," as applicable to these territories,
was a cloud without rain—an unnecessary enact-
ment of a law that is already there.
As practical men, we must take cognizance of
known facts. It is now perfectly understood that
there is a decided and fixed majority in this body
against the " proviso." This fact was declared the
other day by the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Smith.] He reiterated it as well known
and beyond all doubt. Theadmission of California,
as is well understood, will add two more votes to
that majority. We must then regard it as settled,
that neither at this nor any future session can that
measure pass this body.
What, then, are the alternatives ? Either non-
action and no bill, or a bill giving a government,
but without congressional prohibition of slavery
in either case. Which course, then, is the best
and safest to be pursued, and which ought to he
adopted? The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] demonstrated a few days ago that slavery
was prohibited in these teintories at the time of
our acquisition of'thorn, by the laws and Constitu-
tion of Mexico. These laws lemain in force; and
the proviso is now there, prohibiting slavery
throughout their entire extent. It is a well-settled
principle of law, repeatedly recognized by the
most eminent jurists, and by the Supreme Court,
that upon the acquisition of territory by one gov-
ernment from another, the political laws of that
territory are changed, but the municipal laws re-
main in force. Political laws are those which regu-
late the relations between the people and their
government. Municipal laws are those which
regulate the relations of the inhabitants with each
other, and nothing is more obvious than that the
laws respecting slavery are embraced in the latter
class. Nor is slavery carried into these territories
by the Constitution of the United States; for if
carried there by the force of that instrument, it is
also extended into every territory and State of the
Union, notwithstanding any law to the contrary,
by the same authority, which is the paramount
law of the land. It would therefore seem, that
slavery is as fully inhibited by the Mexican laws
as it could be by any act of Congress.
Again: we have seen the action of the people of
California upon this subject, and it gives assurance
that these questions are safe in the hands of the
people themselves.
Again: the geographical character and insulated
position of New Mexico and Utah foibid the
establishment of slavery there. They aie so many
hundreds of miles from a market, that the cost of
tr. nspoitation of agricultural products would in
many cases exceed their value at the place of sale;
and slavery can only be profitable where the pro-
ductions of its labor can find a market.
I wish to add, that I desire to see the questions
Iri/? dlsturb'n« the harmony of the country
delaying the business of Congress settled. It
is due to the country that questions which cause
irritation and create sectional prejudice should be
put to rest; it is due to a just regard for the pub-
lic business. If not disposed of now, the future
sessions of Congress will be occupied precisely as
the present has been, and the general business of
the country entirely neglected. So long as these
questions remain open, no other subjects can com-
mand the calm and dispassionate consideration of
Congress. Non-action, then, is the worst possible
policy that can be pursued. It settles nothing,
gives no proviso, and leaves everything open for
future agitation, without the possibility of any
other practical result than that which would now
be attained. It will tend, moreover, to the prema-
ture introduction of these territories into the Union
as States.-
I oppose the reference of this subject to a com-
mittee for another reason. We have a bill before
us for the admission of California, and a bill for
the government of the territories, both matured
with great care, and reported by the appropriate
committee; and if a majority of the Senate should
determine to unite the two measures in one bill, it
would be infinitely better to do so, by uniting
these bills, than to send the subject to a new com-
mittee to report another bill, which will require to
be again examined and open new discussions. I
think it better, therefore, to have action upon prac-
tical measures already before the Senate. 1 beg
Senators, favorable to the success of these meas-
ures, and who wish them all to pass, to consider
whether, by their union in one bill, they increase
the probability of their success? The test vote
which any bill will have to encounter, is the pro-
^ viso, and that can as well be put upon the double
| bill as the single one for the territories. Can any
good result, therefore, from this combination of
two subjects, so distinct in their character, and
which may compel Senators to vote against their
convictions or tneir instructions? Certainly not.
California, moreover, presents stronger claims for
immediate action than other temtories, however
urgent their case may be. We should consider
the situation of a population of one hundred thou-
sand inhabitants, coming from different quarters
of the world, thrown together in large masses,
under circumstances of extreme exposure of life
and property, without government having legal
sanction, and theiefore without credit or authority
to procure the means to sustain those laws which
they have provided for their protection. The ex-
igency of their case demands immediate action at
our hands, and they ought not to be subject to
that delay which would arise finm a connection
with other questions. Whatare the objections to
the admission of this State? It is said that Con-
gress did not authorize the formation of a consti-
tution. True; but it is in our power to ratify the
act of the people. It is said the South has been
excluded from the country, and has a right to
complain. In the convention which formed their
constitution, the South was fully represented, and
both of the Senators elect, as well as the Gover-
nor, were from that section of the Union, and can-
not be presumed to feel any other than the most
friendly sentiments in regard to every just meas-
ure for the promotion of its interests.
It is alleged that there has been an improper in-
terference on the part of the Executive in forming
the State government. If this be so, the result
shows a singular degree of magnanimity; for this
interference has resulted in sending to each house
of Congress two gentlemen opposed to every po-
litical principle of the Administration, and distin-
guished for their adherence to the policy of the
Democratic party.
; One other remark before I conclude. The prop-
' ositton before the Senate is, to refer the resolu-
j tions of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
I which contemplate the erection of a new State
j from Texas; and this leference might, by iirmlica-
tion, be regarded as giving the sanction of the'Sen-
ate to the policy of admitting such State at this
time. While I concur in the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] that at the proper time, when there shall
be the requisite population, and Texas shall ap-
ply, we shall carry out in good faith all the stipu-
lations upon this subject in the resolutions of
annexation, it is not for Congress to take the
initiative,and carve out States, without the request
or assent of the State from which they aie taken, and
without the requisite population to authorize it.
I have refrained, Mr. President, from engaging
in the disqussions which have occupied the Sen-
ate almost exclusively since its commencement;
and I now omit many remarks which under other
circumstances I would like to make, confining my-
self to the reasons of my vote, that we may have
an immediate vote upon the question. 1 desire
action. I desire the time to come when we can
hear something else than the never-ending discus-
sion upon the subject of slavery.
The yeas and nays on the amendment were then
ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER. I did not hear the amend-
ments, presented by the honorable member from
Missouri, which he intends to offer. I wilt thank
the Chair to allow the Clerk to read them, if there
is no objection.
The Secretary read the amendments, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That nothing in this instruction shall be con-
strued to authorize the said committee to take into consider-
ation anything th:it relates to either ot the four loilotving
subjects:
1. The abolition of slavery within the States.
2. The feuppression of the f-Uve trade between the States.
3. The aholilion of slavery within the forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, and navy-yards of the United Stales,
4. Abolition of slavery within tile District of Columbia.
~'1nd provided further, That said committee shall not
take into consideration any question in relation to the sub-
ject of domestic slavery ni the United States, which shall
not be specially referred to it by order of the benale.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is quite obvious that we
are making no progress at all. The original mo-
tion was for a reference. Now, the Senator pro-
poses to instruct that committee, and there is work
enough cut out to last that committee a fortnight.
I really wish some gentleman, who has an interest
in this subject, and has matured some plan, would
make some motion, so that we can vote upon the
reference of the resolutions of the honorable mem-
ber from Tennessee, or that in some way we may
dispose of them, and bring ourselves to the con-
sideration of what is pertinent and german to our
duties. This amendment of the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri opens a great field for dis-
cussion, and we shall make no progress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
is not pending.
Mr. WEBSTER. I understand the Chair very
well, that that amendment is not now pending;
but when the pending amendment is disposed of,
the one way or the other, it will become pending;
and I say, therefore, that there is a disposition to
raise all possible questions upon this general ques-
tion of reference; and if that be so, I do not know
but that it would be better to proceed at once upon
the bill for the admission of California; for really,
if we go on in this way, and are to discuss all
sorts of questions under these instructions to the
committee, we shall be here a fortnight before we
take the question on this reference. If there cat!
be any way suggested to lefer generally the reso-
lutions of the member from Tennessee, I shall
continue to vote as I have voted. I wish these
resolutions to go to a committee for consideration.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not wish to take any lead-
ing part ill this matter. So far as I and a few other
Senators are concerned, there will be no difficulty
at all. As it regards the form of proceeding, I '
certainly am not very anxious that the instructions
which I drew up should go to the committee.
Such a committee as will be selected, will doubt-
less be as fully able to act without instructions as
with them. It has been supposed by some Sen-
ators, who have looked into the matter, that the
resolutions of the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee are not cpiite so comprehensive as they
should be, to give this committee a sufficiently
wide scope for action. I would suggest, what I
think will readily be agreed to on all sides, that I
am perfectly willing, instead of instructing the
committee, the motion should be so modified as to
submit the resolutions of the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, m conjunction with those of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, to this com-
mittee of thirteen; leaving them, in the exercise of
their discretion, to make such a report as they
may deern best. I am willing to accept the modi-
fication; it appears to be approved on all sides;
and if so, 1 will move that the resolutions of the
Senator from Tennessee, and those of the Senator
from Kentucky, should be referred to a committee
of thirteen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be done
by unanimous consent of the Senate,
