1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept B ,
society or any other which they choose to adopt,
and expend as much in charity as they choose,
either upon the blacks or any other class of people;
but let them not come here afterwards and ask to
be reimbursed by this Government for the money
thus expended. I deny the power of the Govern-
ment to do any such thing, and I protest against
such a policy or any such expedient.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have not heard the the en-
tire debate on this question, but if I understand it,
it is to refund to the Colonization Society certain
moneys which they have expended in providing
for and taking care of a number of recaptured Afri-
cans. I believe that we have a law providing that
when slaves are recaptured they shall be taken
back to the coast of Africa; and we have also our
agent there to receive them; but we have made no
provision for their support after they are landed
on the coast; and it was necessary, in this case,
that this society should feed and clothe these
negroes or allow them to starve. In doing this,
the Colonization Society expended a large sum of
money, and I understand that the proposition in
this bill is to refund the amount. The is the same
proposition which I made two years ago, and I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It ha«? been intimated to
me that there is a provision in this bill which may
be misunderstood, and which might be taken to
imply what is not intended to be implied. The
bjjl proposes to make a provision for all the sup-
plies which were furnished them, of every descrip-
tion, for their education and for medical attendance,
and also for lands given there. It is known that
the colonization society gave a small tract of land
to each of the emigrants to Liberia. This " medi-
cal attention" which is provided for is that which
was necessary while these children were being ac-
climated. The other item of expense was for their
education in the free schools. Now, if it be the
pleasure of the Senate to strike out so much of
this provision as relates to the land to be given,
and the education of these children in the free
schools, let it be done. But I think that the cost
of medical attendance during the process of accli-
mation, and of the food and raiment which were
necessary, should be allowed. I am disposed to
strike out that clause of the section which relates
to education and to lands. I will move, therefore,
to strike out the words u for their education1' and
" for lands given them."
The two amendments were agreed to.
There being no further propositions to amend
the bill, it was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT stated the question now to
be on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. BENTON. I am not acquainted with this
bill; I do not profess to understand it; but it seems
towne.it is going far beyond anything that was
contemplated at the time the United States engaged
in doing something for the colonization of the free
blacks of this country. I recollect, Mr. President,
that there were two questions which presented
themselves pretty strongly at that time. One was
as to the constitutional power to engage in tha*.
business. At that time, Mr. President, as you
well recollect, it was held to be necessary that
there should be an authority in the Constitution,
either expressed, or implied by something which
was expressed, in order to enable the Government
to do this; and at that time we had not got so far
as to deem it necessary that there should be an ac-
tual prohibition of an act before we hesitated to
engage in it.
Another question was with regard to the con-
sideration whether it would be sound policy to
engage in an enterprise of this kind. We recollect
that it gave rise to a great deal of discussion, and
that it ended with making all theguards that could
be accomplished by words against involving the
United States in any responsibility whatever. But
now, it seems to me, we have got so far as to un-
dertake to make the United States a guardian of
negro children in Africa. That is about the point
we have reached to-day; and it connects itself with
a proposition to establish a line of steamships from
the United States to Africa. All this comes upon
me rather suddenly. I have some old recollections
on the subject, but old recollections are not of
much account. I do really wish that this propo-
sition should lie over, and that it should be con-
sidered in conjunction with the proposition to es-
tablish a line of steamships. F wish there could
be time given to the committee who reported this
bill to look back to the original law and to the
debates upon the original law, and see what were
the terms on which the Government engaged in
this business, and whether we are not getting far
beyond anything which was then conten-plated.
I wish, for these reasons, that this proposition
should lie over, and, when it is considered, that it
should be considered as part and parcel of that
system of which the steamboat line is to be
another link.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has been so much en-
grossed with other and perhaps more important
matters, that I think he probably did not hear the
exact statement of the facts in reference to this par-
ticular case. If he had heard that statement, I
think he would not have ventured the assertion
that the United States, by anything which appears
on the face of this bill, was engaged in the busi-
ness of the colonization of negroes; and far less
would he have been likely to have made the re-
mark that the Government of the United States
has at this day got to exercising a guardianship
over negro children in Africa. Sir, that is the very
thing of which the bill complains—that, so far
from exercising a guardianship over these children,
you have carried some five or six hundred of them
to the shores of Africa, and turned them loose for
other people to exercise a guardianship over; and
that, after capturing them upon the high seas, you
have endeavored to relieve yourselves of the ex-
pense and trouble of taking proper care of them
by throwing them upon other people. That is the
very thing which the memorialists say the Gov-
ernment has done, and which is precisely the re-
verse of what the Senator from Missouri supposes
the Government has done. The Government ex-
ercises no acts of guardianship there; but the Gov-
ernment has thrown these persons, who had been
taken into her possession under the anti-slave
trade laws, upon the Colonization Society, to be
supported at their expense; and the complaint is
that the Government acted in such a way as to
bring this expense on that society, thus diverting
the funds of that benevolent association from the
objects to which they were intended to be applied.
I hope the bill is now sufficiently understood, and
that my friend from Missouri, if I may call him
so, will not insist on a further postponement of this
bill, because that will be the last of it during the
present session of Congress. It has been under
consideration now for two or three years. I think
it was first reported three years ago, and if it is
postponed we shall have to go over all this discus-
sion again. The facts are simple, easily compre-
hended, and I believe they are fully presented; and
the simple question is, whether you will relieve
this society from the expense incurred in conse-
quence of an act of this Government ? That is the
whole question; whether you will relieve them, or
whether the Government intends to recapture ne-
groes from slave ships, and take them to the colony
of Liberia, and turn them loose to depredate, pilfer,
maraud, and die, unless the colony, when they
get there, will take charge of them. Shall
this Government act in that way, and require a
benevolent association for other purposes to bear
all this expense, and wh'en asked to pay for the
expense of its own acts, shall the Government
turn round and say that as soon as she had turned
them loose in Liberia she had washed her hands,
and had no further charge of them ? I cannot be-
lieve it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that this bill should
lie over, because, so far as I understand the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, it appears to be laying; the
foundation of a very important system of policy.
It seems that we are to keep our squadrons on the
coast of Africa to recapture Africans, and then to
colonize and maintain them. Before we under-
take to do anything which involves any such pol-
icy as this, I think we ou ht to look at the conse-
quences, and to inquire also whether we have the
power to establish a colony on the coast of Af-
rica and afterwards to vote money for its main-
tenance. If we can do so in this case, it appears
to me that we would be equally authorized to es-
tablish there a colony of our own free negroes. I
see no difference between the two propositions;
and I hope, therefore, that sufficient time will be
given to enable us to look into this matter,as it seems <
to be the foundation of a new system—the estab-
lishment of a principle which is to commit us. to a
system of colonization on the coast of Africa. I
move that the bill be postponed—not indefinitely
—but that for the present it be laid on the table.
The question being taken, the motion to post-
pone was rejected—ayes 18, noes 23.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not heard the remarks
which have been made, or any portion of the dis-
cussion which has taken place upon this bill; but '
it seems to me that it is making the United States,
which is an organized Government of different
States, underwriters for a voluntary association of
men who choose to dictate a policy which perhaps
the Government never would have sanctioned. I
cannot understand how we can make ourselves
underwriters for the losses of a society which may
embark in schemes of this kind. It does look to
my mind the broadest proposition that has been
presented here, and I must say that I cannot sanc-
tion it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Prom the remark made
by my friend from South Carolina, I think he cer-
tainly could not have heard the facts as they were
stated in this case. Those persons were captured
qpon the high seas as slaves, and were about to be
brought to America in violation of our anti-slave
laws. They were sent to Liberia and turned loose
there; and this was done at the instance of the
Government, and I think the Government ought
to have exercised the common duties of humanity.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I think that some gen-
tlemen are laboring under a misapprehension upon
this subject. This cannot be tortured into an ef-
fort on the part of the General Government to
colonize negroes from the United States in Africa.
These negroes never were in the United States;
they were captured on the high seas by our naval
forces, under a law or rather a treaty for the sup-
pression of the slave trade, and they were sent
back to Africa and left in a state of total destitu-
tion, an expense to the colony of Liberia, or
rather to the Colonization Society. Now, if
the view taken by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] is correct, that this is indirectly
favoring colonization on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States, I would suggest to him
that the best way of remedying that would be to
take steps to set aside the treaty: for the question
now is simply, will the Government repair a man-
ifest wrong which they have done to individual
interests? They have captured these negroes on
the high seas; and have sent them to the colony
of Liberia, and it was simply a question of the
common claims of humanity whether these crea-
tures should be suffered to die there for want of
food and protection, or whether they should be
cared for. The Colonization Society, or its agents,
not deaf to the dictates of humanity, extended the
necessary relief to the sufferers. A burden was
thus cast upon them by the Government, not at
their instance, but contrary to their wishes. The
sending of these negroes to Liberia comes within
no part of the original policy of the society,
which was to colonize blacks, not from Africa, or
other quarters, but from the United States. The
object of the treaty was to break up the slave
trade, and that is not accomplished merely by the
capture of the slaver. The rescued slaves must
be returned to their own country, and subsisted in
the mean time, which, it seems, was not done in
this case by the Government; but the latter duty,
at least, was devolved on the society against its
will, and to its great expense. The present bill
proposes simply to remunerate the society the ex-
penses thus unwillingly incurred—not to advance
moneys for colonization objects in the future, but
to repair a wrong already inflicted. To refuse
this relief would be, in effect, to divert the funds
of a society, founded in the noblest impulses and
principles ef our, nature, against the manifest in-
tention of its donors.
Mr. BUTLER. The facts stated by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] and con-
firmed by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Whit-
comb,] so far from having any effect in changing
the impression made upon my mind before, would
seem to lead to a stronger opposition to this act.
Why are the United States, as a matter of human-
ity, to take charge of these children, and to put
them under the eare of their friends i 1 under-
stand that they were placed under the protection
