1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
of the common law of civilization; that is, the
Government, by its agents, placed them upon the
shores of Africa, and left them to the charity and
humanity of those who were there to take care of
them. Sir, if a number of persons were cast ashore
opposite the city of New York, or Philadelphia,
or Baltimore, or Charleston, or elsewhere, who
would take charge of them? The Government?
Certainly not; but the municipal authorities of
these places. It may be that the Colonization So-
ciety has not funds to do this in this case, or that
the people of Liberia had not. I must say, how-
ever, that I cannot understand this bill in any
other sense than as proposing that we should be-
come the guardian of negro children.
The question was then taken on the engrossment
of the bill for a third reading, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clay, Da-
vis of" Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Jones, Mangum, Pearce, Piatt, St-ward, Shields, Smith,
Spraunce, Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, Walker, Whit-
comb, and Wmthrop—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Benton, Butler
Dawson, Dickinson, Downs, Fremont, Hunter, King, Ma-
son, Ru<k, Sebastian, Soule, Turney, and Yulee—lb.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to suppress the
slave trade in the District of Columbia. The
question pending was on the amendment of Mr.
Seward, being a substitute for the bill.
The bill was debated at length, by Messrs.
HAMLIN, SEWARD, BADGER, BUTLER,
POOTE, DICKINSON, WINTHROP, HALE,
EWING, NORRIS, DAVIS of Mississippi,
DOWNS, PEARCE, and others, when, without
coming to any conclusion on the bill,
The Senate adjourned.
[The debate on this bill will be found in the
Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, September 12,1850.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce and refer the me-
morial oi Miss D L. Dix, in behalf of the deaf,
mutes, and blind of the United States.
The SPEAKER. What reference does the gen-
tleman propose ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. To the Committee on
Public Lands, whoalready have charge of the same
subject.
No objection being made—
The memorial was received and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois move to have it printed ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I would be very wil-
ling to have it printed. But I dislike to make a
motion respecting it which may produce debate or
a struggle upon it.
Objections were made to the printing.
FLORIDA COURTS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked
that the bill heretofore reported froin the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary in relation to the courts in
-Florida, be recommitted to that committee.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill of the
Senate, entitled " An act to amend the several acts
establishing district courts of the United States in
the State of Florida, and to provide for writs of
error and appeals from said court, and it was re-
committed to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from (he files of the House the papers
in the case of John D. Holmes, for the purpose of
reference to one of the executive departments.
Mr. SILVESTER asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the commis-
sion and papers of Skelton Felton
- Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of the
bill No. 367, to establish a line of steamboats to
the'coast of Africa, for the suppression of the
slave trade, and the promotion of commerce and
colonization.
Mr.THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected, and
called for the regular order of business.
THE LATE SECRETARY OF TH.E INTERIOR.
The SPEAKER announced a3 the regular order
of business, the report heretofore made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] from the
select committee appointed to inquire whether Mr.
Ewing, late Secretary of the Interior, had not re-
opened and paid certain accounts, and whether he
had not improperly paid interest on others, &c.
Mr. MILLSON addressed the House, occupy-
ing his allotted hour in a defence of the Represent-
atives of Virginia against the imputation that they
were actuated by mercenary motives in opposing
so much of the report of the committee as con-
demned the payment of the claim of the late Com-
modore Barron. He went into an argument to
prove that Virginia had never received, in the
shape of pensions, so ample a compensation for
her revolutionary services as had been obtained
by the other States of the Union; and to show that
she had silently settled the claims of the officers
attached to the Virginia line, until her liabilities
had so accumulated as to compel tier, in the year
1830, to send a memorial to Congress on the sub-
ject. The result of that application was the pas-
sage of the law of 1832, by which the General
Government agreed to refund to her what she had
paid, and to adjust and settle such claims as should
hereafter be submitted. He defended the settle-
ment of commutation claims, but did not acquiesce
m the inclusion of the officers of the navy. But
he admitted that if the Secretary of the Interior
had committed any error in allowing the claim of
ilie administrator of Commodore Barron, there
were embarrassments involving the question which
ought to be allowed their weight in deciding upon
the propriety or impropriety of his decision in the
case. [A full report oi' his remarks will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. MILLSON having concluded, and being
about to move the previous question, in accordance
with his pledge given to Mr. Outlaw last even-
ing—
Mr. BAYLY appealed to his colleague, before
he moved the previous question, to allow him to
move an amendment to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. MILLSON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, I will yield to fay
colleague.
Mr. VINTON. I ask that the proposed amend-
ment be read.
The SPEAKER. It will be read unless objec-
tion is made.
Mr. HALL objected to the reading.
Mr. VINTON was understood to say that he
would accept the proposition of Mr. Bayly, as a
modification of his own.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio modify his amendment?
Mr. VINTON. I accept the modification, and
i ask that my amendment, as modified, be read.
It was read, as follows:
" That inasmuch as the resolutions proposed by the com-
mittee raised on tne motion of Mr. Kichardson, do not
charge the Secretary of the interior wuti any crime or
nn&deineanor, and do not propose any change of existing
law--, hilt in effect call upon this House to revise the deci^on
of the propei otlicers of the Government upon a legal question
affecting pnvate rights, that the same be not concurred in."
Mr. MILLSON (who still retained the floor)
moved the previous question.
The previous auestion was seconded.
And the main question was ordered.
The main question was, first, on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Vinton.
Mr. RICHARDSON, chairman of the commit-
tee, claimed the floor to close the debate, and was
proceeding to make some remaks, when
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, interposed, and
inquired if the morning hour had not expired ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON moved that the House proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mri STANLY was understood to inquire if
they could not'get through the subject soon ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell wheth-
er the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
will speak through his hour or not.
Mr. SfANLY. I hope we shall get through
with this subject now.
The question upon proceeding to business on
the Speaker's table was taken, and
The SPEAKER announced—ayes 63, noes 54.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Mr. Parker
and Mr. Corwin were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 59.
So the House determined to proceed to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table.
MILITARY ROAD IN ARKANSAS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, as the
first business in order, the bill from the Senate*
entitled " An act granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the State of Arkansas,
in aid of the completion of the military road from
Memphis, Tennessee, to St. Francis.''
The bill was read a first and second time—
And the question being on ordering it to ft third
reading—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said this was a
continuation of a military road commenced by this
Government when Arkansas was a Territory. A
large amount had been expended upon it. The
bill proposes to grant alternate sections of land to
aid in the completion of the road. He called upon
the gentleman from Kentucky, from the Louis-
ville district, [Mr. Marshall,] who had had oc-
casion to pass over the road with United States
troops during the war with Mexico, to make a
statement as to the character of the road, and the
absolute necessity of something being done to re-
pair and complete it. It was absolutely indispens-
able to the State of Arkansas itself, as well as to
.the citizens of the United States emigrating by
that route to California, that the road should be
completed.
Mr. MARSHALL said : This road runs from
Memphis, in the direction of Little Rock, in the
State of Arkansas, and crosses the St. Francis
river at about thirty-eight mile9 from Memphis.
The country it traverses is low and wet; indeed,
for a great part of the distance the adjacent country
is a swamp, with only here and there a sufficiency
of dry land for agricultural purposes. The United
States have aomtnenced the construction of a road
| from Memphis to the St. Francis, which has for
] some years been partially finished, but from some
! reason unknown it has been abandoned. Levees
j are thrown up, and so far as the road has been
i worked, you can have a firm, good way, with little
; additional expense; and by prosecuting the enter-
; prise until you reach the highlands about four
j miles beyond the St. Francis, a practicable route
i from Memphis to Little Rock may be secured for
| all seasons. On my route to Mexico I passed this
rood as far as the engineers had worked upon it,
(say sixteen miles,) and I concur m the represen-
tation, that it is a work of national importance.
It is probably the be3t overland route to our
southwestern posts, and, as a military road, should
be prosecuted to completion. Large expense has
already been incurred; but the public authorities
of the United States have suffered the bridges to
'• go to destruction, and the road generally to remain
| in grossly bad repair.
Considering the character and value of the lands
in the vicinity, it will be no extraordinary effort of
munificence to make the grant of the alternate sec-
tions asked by the bill, while 1 think really the
completion of the road will be a public benefit.
Persons emigrating to eastern Texas, to New
Mexico, and to Arkansas, from the northern mid-
dle States will generally pass this route. Mr. M.
said he believed that this route presented the only
route by which to penetrate Arkansas from any
point m the vicinity of Memphis or for many
miles from that point. The Highlands beyond the
St. Francis were originally the barriers to the
Mississippi, and the intervening country is now fre-
quently overflowed for a great distance. Mr. M.
said he was perfectly familiar with its features, and
should only forget them when a memory of the
disagreeable was lost to him. He was in "favor of
the road and of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In order that
the House may know as much concerning this
road as it is possible from actual testimony in refer-
ence to it, I desire the gentleman from Memphis,
[Mr. Stanton,] whose district adjoins that part
of Arkansas through which the road runs, to state
what he knows in regard to it.
Mr. POTTER rose to a question of order. He
did not know but it might be in order, but he was
induced to object to this mode of having witnesses
called to the stand to be cross-examined on this
su bject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. To accommo-
date the gentleman from Ohio, then, 1 will not ask
