m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
concessions, by giving an inch here, and taking an
inch there, and that at last a compromise is made
up. Bat the idea is, that it is a result made up by
some sort of patch-work, each yielding something
to the other. How different, then, when every
Senator stands in his place, and speaks at once
When his name is called, and speaks from his
heart, and bares his heart to the view of the coun-
try, and lets the country see what he feels—that he
is leading nobody and is led by nobody—that he is
by speaking the sentiments of a man alike unawed
the frowns and uninfluenced by the smiles of any.
Now, it is my design to have a vote of the Sen-
ate upon each of the four great subjects which
iBgitate the country." I have paid some attention
to them all'; and it seems the total abolition of
slavery is to be got at the end of a series of meas-
ures leading to it, especially the slave trade be-
tween the States and the abolition of slavery in the
forts, the arsenals, and the dock-yards. Sir, upon
this latter subject, as well as upon the other, no
thought has ever been entertained by any human
being that I know of that Congress designs to
legislate. So far from abolishing slavery within
the grounds occupied by the United States for
erections for military and naval purposes, so far
as I know, Congress has never legislated upon
these subjects at all. They are all in the same
category with the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Exclusive jurisdiction is given
to Congress over such ground as is given for the
seat of Government, and for other specified pur-
poses; but, sir, 1 do not recollect that Congress has
ever exercised jurisdiction in a single case.
And does not that stand as an argument that
Congress has no desire to meddle with the States
at all? There are perhaps two or three hundred
concessions by the Stales; there is an immense
number of them; and I do not recollect that Con-
gress has ever interfered with them in the slightest
degree.
Then, Mr. President, with respect to the aboli-
tion of slavery in this District, 1 am one of those
that believe it is covered by the constitutional
power of Congress. I am one of those who be-
lieve, from the foundation of the Government to
the present day, that it ought not to be touched
while slavery exists in the States from which the
District was ceded. And surely Congress has
shown no disposition to touch it. I declare to the
Senator from Alabama that 1 have no desire to
embarrass, and I see no earthly objection that can
be made to this amendment. My object is, that
we shall all vote together, and I believe we shall
vote unanimously on this question, because it
leaves every gentleman free to vote as he pleases.
I believe the vote of the Senate will be unanimous
upon the great points as to the abolition of slavery
in the States, the ports, dock-yards, and arsenals,
and nearly unanimous with regard to the power
to abolish it in the District of Columbia. I be-
lieve that; and 1 believe, as I must repeat again
and again, that it will have a better effect to quiet
the country and restore harmony than all the com-
pacts prepared by any committee. Let us all vote
together, and we shall silence agitation. I believe
that is the way to quiet agitation in the country.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Ken-
tucky thinks it is nothing to send these questions
to a committee, because the committee will report
against them. I do not agree to that. Is it
nothing to give jurisdiction? Is it nothing to set
the example of giving the right to think upon the
subject, when I myself will not think upon it, and
when this body will not think upon it? It will be
creating real cause for alarm among the people in
the States when they find any committee vested
with jurisdiction on the subject of slavery. No
committee, I care not on what side of the line,
should have jurisdiction of it. I have no idea of
setting an example which can be followed here-
after. I have no desire to depart from what has
been the practice of the Government from its foun-
dation to the present time.
Now, if we vote to lay this on the table, I shall
ask the yeas and nays upon each of these points.
It is with that view that I have offered this amend-
ment. I have offered this as my compromise; I
have offered it as my peace-maker, my healer, my
restorer—as my balm of Gilead; it is to leave the
hearts of the Senators, and let the people look in-
side and see what is in them, and they will see [
there is no cause for agitation, and that is what I
want to show.
Mr. WEBSTER. I regret that the Senator
from Missouri should think it expedient or useful
to attach these propositions of amendment to the
general question of reference. It is quite evident,
as I have once or twice before said to-day, that if
we make all these questions upon a mere matter
of the reference of these resolutions, these (jjies-
tions may be the subjects of debate for many days,
keeping the ma'n question of the admission of
California in the mean time in abeyance. I ac-
knowledge that I consider the reference of the
resolutions to a committee jather a collateral pro-
ceeding. It is but yielding to a suggestion, that
some good may come from it with a view of quiet-
ing the agitation which exists. And the honora-
ble member will allow me to suggest, that it has
already been intimated by the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, that to-morrow morning
he will call up the bill for the admission of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. BENTON, (inhisseat.) I will-vote for it.
Mr. WEBSTER. I shall vote with the Sena-
tor for taking up the subject, and the Senator from
Mississippi has promised to do the same. Then
why does the Senator wish to use more time, and
pursue a course likely to throw embarrassment
upon this collateral measur , this trial for peace
and harmony, by bringing up these most difficult
and embarrassing questions, the whole of which
we have got to meet ? I was sorry that my friend
from Connecticut attempted to refer the matter
with instructions, and what I have seen to-day hut
confirms me in the opinion that California makes
no advance toward admission while we are dis-
cussing these questions which run over the whole
subject of constitutional law. Everything con-
tained in the Constitution in any way relating to
slavery comes up under a subject of that kind. I
appeal to the judgment of the Senator whether
there is any utility in this? I have not the power
to stop it, of course; but if these propositions of
the Senators from Kentucky and Tennessee may
not be considered in a spirit of some kindness, and
with some disposition to settle the agitation of the
country, why then we make more excitement than
we allay, and more difficulties than we compromise.
I wish those resolutions to be disposed of. 1 think
it better that they should be, and that leaves noth-
ing on our handy; and unless to-morrow we begin
with the deficiency bill, which my friend from
New York has in charge, I am ready at once to
take up the bill admitting California. Then we
shall have something before us, to which all sorts
of amendments cannot be presented, because none
can be considered that are not in some way or
-other connected with the subject. I only wish
therefore to get rid, if we can, of these series of
propositions to amend, and then let the resolutions
be referred or not, and proceed to taiieup the Cali-
fornia bill immediately.
Mr. POOTE. I only rise to explain what might
otherwise be misapprehended, in the remarks just
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, ft is
perfectly true, as the Senator states, and I author-
ized him in conversation this morning, to say
what I have before said in dphate, that I would
vote for the motion to take up the California bill
whenever it was made. At the same time, the
Senator will do me the justice to say, that I de-
clared to him and to others that in doing so, it was
not my intention, nor could I consent, to do any-
; thing that would in the least decree interfere with
1 the action of the select committee raised,
j: Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) Certainly.
Mr. POOTE. If it be a practical thing, in the
; course of parliamentary proceeding, to take up the !
I California bill as a separate measure for considera- j
|! tion and amendment, while that very subject is be- I
j fore the committee of thirteen, I have no objection, j
' though it certainly seems to me to be inconsistent i
| with parliamentary law, and a very inexpedient !
j; and improper course. All this was in connection i
;j with an understanding that has existed for some I
, days past to this effect. The Senator from Illinois !
j [Mr. Douglas] was to call up the California bill, ;
when the Senator from Kentucky was to present
: as an amendment to that bill the territorial bill,
and some other Senator was to present, as another
i amendment, the bill settling the Texas boundary
question; so that we should have all the measures
i likely to be considered by the committee properly
before us. 1 saw no objection to that plan of
operations, if the committee was not raised. I did
, myself the justice, in the exercise of courtesy and
liberality toward the Senator from Illinois, on yes-
terday morning to say to him, that so far as I was
concerned, he could introduce the California bill
first, with the understanding that no opposition
was to be presented to the amendment expected to
be proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, by
the introduction of the territorial bill, and that I,
for one, was not willing to give up the scheme of
raising the select committee, but to postpone action
upon it, so far as I was concerned, for a day or two,
in deference to the Senator from Illinois, who seems
perhaps not justly treated by us, in referring to the
select committee of thirteen a matter which he
himself, as chairman of the Committee on territo-
| ries, had reported upon. These are the facts of
the case. I have no hesitation in saying that, so
far as I am concerned, I am willing to take up the
California bill, with a view to bringing in as an
amendment the territorial hill, and otherwise
amending it. To this end my vote shall be given,
provided always that this can.be effected without
in the least degree interfering with the action of the
committee of thirteen.
Mr. BUTLER. If this matter is to take the
course indicated, I am satisfied that the result will
be that the committee will gravely deliberate on all
the subjects spoken of, and that, while the com-
mittee is out, the California bill will be taken up
and disposed of by the Senate,
Mr. FOOTE. It cannot be reached before
Monday.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know how long the
committee may be out.
' Mr. FOOTE. We csTn propose the amend-
ments to the bill, then. \
Mr. BUTLER. I have understood from the
beginning, that the great object to be attained was
this, to use an illustration: there were three ves-
sels at sea—one of them (California) was strong
enough to carry the other and weaker vessels into
port, if connected with her. California was a
large and safe ship, and the other smaller boats in
danger were to be attached to her, and she would
carry them all safely into port. This 1 have all
along understood to be the object. California was
to be used for a beneficial, a generous purpose,
and I had resolved to throw no obstacle in the
way—without, however, giving up any objection
I might have entertained. But now, according to
; the course indicated,! find that the committee is
j to be deliberating in the committee room while the
Senate is to take from them the most important
maiter—the consideration of the California bill.
' That would indeed be taking the oyster and leav-
ing the shell. I do not certainly understand what
I is to be referred to them, if the Senate is still to
| go on and consider the California bill; and if such
j is likely to be the result, I am ready at once to
j move to lay this whole subject on the table.
I Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Massachu-
| setts has made an appeal to me in the spirit of
! candor, and I desire to reply to him in the same
j spirit, and to give him a reason for what I do.
Now, it is certain that the agitation which has
! existed in one part of the country during the past
| summer—I do not wish to allude to anything
i which will have the slightest effect on the feelings
I of any gentleman, and I allude to it for no such
| purpose—but it is incontestable that this agitation
: was produced by a certain address from members
j: of Congress here. Now, what produced that  d-
i,1 dress, and the meeting of members of Congress
!■ by whom it was reported? "It was a motion to
' abolish slavery in this District. Sir, that is the
;j root of all the trouble which the country has
j: felt, and it is for that purpose I want that vote of
j! the Senate which 1 know will quiet the agitation,
j It is for that purpose, and for no other. But the
ji Senator from Massachusetts asked me a question.
| He comes from a quarter of the Union in which,
! according to the wisdom of Dr. Franklin, they are
j good at putting questions. I do not come from
j that part of the Union, but I am not absolutely
; a slouch at putting a question myself. The Sena-
| tor from Massachusetts wishes to know why I
; will persist in these amendments, when no practi-
j cal consequence, as he thinks, is to result from it?
' I ask him why, or. the other side, they will per-
sist in sending these matters to a committee, when
no practical consequence is to result from it ? 1 put
the question to him, and his action is precedent for
it, why persist in sending these questions to a com-
mittee, when the adoption of the amendments I
propose, which find a response in the heart of
