1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 12.
having said, '* From what examination 1 have been
able to give to the Post Office Department, I have
ascertained that it is one of the worst conducted
departments under the Government." What I
meant to say, and what I think I did say, was that
it was one of the worst arranged departments, so
far as the laws regulating it were concerned. As
my .remark is reported, without being corrected, it
is calculated to do injustice to a most meritorious
officer. What I meant to say was, that the jaws
regulating the Post Office Department are those
which have been copied from the very oldest Eng-
lish laws on the subject, and are totally unsuited
to the condition of the country at the present time,
and far behind those of several other nations upon
this subject.
So far from intending to cast any sort of blame
upon any one connected with the Post Office De-
partment, I most cheerfully state that my inter-
course with them is of a character to justify me
in saying that they have most faithfully discnarged
their duties. This remark is due to the late
Postmaster Geneial, and is equally due to the
present Postmaster General, so far as he had an
opportunity to enter upon the discharge of his
duties. It is more particularly due to the Assis-
tant Postmaster General, Mr. Hobbie. 1 do not
mean to disparage any other officer, but I do not
think there is one in the city of Washington who
has discharged the duties of his office with more
energy and correctness than that functionary. In
fact, it was from his report that my attention was
first drawn to the defectiveness of the laws regu-
lating the Post Office Department, and it was
mainly from conversation with him that I was led
to investigate those laws, and to discover that they
are totally unsuited to "our present condition. So
far from intending to cast the slightest blame on
him, it was*-and is my intention to place that clerk
for whom the resolution asked under his direction.
He is familiar with all the laws; and I design to
place the clerk under his eye to procure the neces-
sary information, not for the purpose of regulating
the discharge of the duties of the officers in that
department, but for the purpose of procuring in-
formation to aid the committee in preparing a bill
to be presented at the next session of Congress,
to regulate "the whole machinery of this depart-
ment, and adapt the laws to the present wants and
condition of the country.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Thomas
Wilson of the city of Baltimore, in the State of Ma-
ryland, setting forth thatlie is now, and has been
for the last twelve months, proprietor of a cotton
factory in Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
known as the "Pioneer Cotton Factory," but that,
with a view of extending its operations and procur-
ing additional capital, it has been thought expedient
to associate other persons in the enterprise, and for
a successful prosecution of the same it is neces-
sary that a chartered joint stock company be
formed, and also thatThomas Wilson, Evan Lyons,
John Richards, and Thomas Brown be consti-
tuted a bouy corporate and politic, by the name of
"The Pioneer Cotton Manufacturing Company
of Georgetown, District of Columbia;" which
was lefcrred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. STURGEON presented additional docu-
ments relating to the claim of Solomon Walls, a
soldier in the last war with Great Britain, to a pen-
sion; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
* The PRESIDENT. The Presiding Officer has
received from Mr. Weightman a letter requesting-
him to lay before the Senate certain documents.
One of these documents is a memorial from the
convention which framed the constitution of New
Mexico, and another is from the Legislature. The
letter goes into a statement with respect to the pro-
ceedings had by the population of New Mexico,
and strongly urges that some steps may be taken
to give them a State government. The letter can
be read if any Senator desires it, and such dispo-
sition be made of these papers as the Senate in
their wisdom may devise.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of the
memorial.
The memorial was read, as follows:
Memorial of the Legislature of New Mexico to the Congress
of the United States of Jimerica.
The Legislature of New Mexico to the Congress of the
United States respectfully represents:
That by the. treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo the faith of the
Dmted States was pledged to protect the inhabitants of New
Mexico in their lives, their liberties, their property, and
the full exercise or their religion without restriction.
That upon theexpuation ol the year mentioned in that
treaty, the inhabitants of New Mexico wpre invested with
the nglus of citizens of the United States, and became en-
titled to all the privileges as such guarantied by the Con-
stitution.
That, owing to disturbing causes, which embarrassed
the action of the Congress, the inhabitants of New Mexifto
have neither been protected in their lives, their liberties,
their property, nor in the free exercise of their leligion
without restriction, nor have they been in the enjoyment of
any political privileges whatsoever.
Hostile Indians penmate the country in every direction,
and rob, and kill, and carry into captivity.
We are despoiled of our flocks and herds, our men are
murdered, our children carried into captivity, and our wives
and daughters violated.
Cumanche Indians have, within a few days, approached
within a few miles of the capital, and compelled the terror-
stricken and unprotected inhabitants of the village of Ga-
listeo to furm&h them with supplies and pertorm menial
services.
The depredations of the Navajoes and Apaches in the
south, and of the Utahs and Jacanllas hi the north, have
rendered industry of no avail, and destroyed the two great
re oui<jes <>l grazing and mining.
An insufficient number of soldiers, posted not upon the
ronuer, but in the larger towns, hear of these outrages
when the toe is beyond tne reach of pursuit.
Foot artillery or infantry, with knapsack and musket,
cannot pursue, with any prospect ot success, mounted
Indians.
The post of the troops should be the frontier, in the en-
emy's country, and ea.se and comfort must be laid aside if
success would be obtained. Energy, the energy of youth,
can alone reduce our enemies.
The mhabitants of New Mexico, since February 2, 1848,
have gioaned under a haish law, lorced upon them in time
ol wai, win,n they weie thought undeserving ot confidence.
The military is independent of and superior to the civil
power.
The inhabitants have no voice or influence in making the
laws by which they are governed.
Some power, other than the Congress of the United
States, has made judges dependent on its will alone for the
tenuie ot their offices, and the amount and payment ot their
salaries.
Some power, other than the Congress of the United
States, has subjected us to a jurisdiction foreign to the Con-
stitution, and unacknowledged by our laws.
We are taxed wiihout our consent, and the taxes, when
colIecied,are not appropriated for the public benefit, but em-
bezzled by officers irresponsible to the people.
No public officer in New Mexico is responsible to the
people. Judge*, unlearned in the laws, decide upon life,
liberty, and property. Prefects and alcaldes impose fines
and incarcerate without the intervention of jury.
Alcaldes assail the right of the people freely to exercise
their religion without restriction, and dictate to congrega-
tions what priest shall administer the sacrament ot the
chui cli.
The inhabitants; of New Mexico have twice appealed to
Congress for redress, and their respectful appeals have been
an&wered by repeated neghct. The Congress, became of
disturbing causes, having failed to make needful rules and
regulations respecting the Territory of New Mexico, its in-
habitants, encouiaged by the President of the United States,
arid driven by necessity, have formed and ratified a consti-
tution, elected a Governor, Vice Governor, and members of
the Legislature. The Legislature is now engaged, in the
absence of congressional legislation, in making Jaws suited
to the wants of the people, and consistent with the Consti-
tution of the United Stales.
In putting in operation the form of government set forth
in the constitution, they believe they have done no act in-
consi-tent with a proper respect to the Government of the
United States. The form of government adopted by the
people of New Mexico is set up in opposition to no gov-
eiftment recognized by Congress, or known to the Coiiatl-
tution and laws, but simply takes the place, under cir-
cumstances of urgent necessity, of an unacknowledged
government, which has utterly failed to protect the inhab-
itants of New Mexico m their dearest rights, or to preserve
the plurhted faith of the Government of the United Stales.
Jind be it resolved by the said Legislature, That our Sena-
tors and Representatives in the Congress of the United
States be instructed to present the above memorial to the
Congress of the United States, and use pver> exertion to
correct the abuses of every class therein mentioned.
W. Z. ANGNEY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOHN NANGl.E,
Presidetit of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that these papers be
referred to the Committee on Territories, and that
they be printed.
Mr. MASON. When the constitution of New
Mexico was sent to the Senate by the President of
the United States, it was not printed, but ordered
to be laid upon the table. I move that the same
disposition be made of these papers.
Mr. YUJLEE. i ask the yeas and nayson that
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken, and
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Butler,
Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,Dodge of Iowa, Jones,
King, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, thieida,
Sturgeon, Underwood, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Chase, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Wi-consin, Ewing,
Felch, Fr6mont, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Norris, Seward,
Smith, Wales, Walker, and Wmthrop—19.
So the motion to lay the papers on the table
was not agreed to,
Mr. SEWARD. 1 now renew the piotion to
refer these papers to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. YULEE. For what purpose this motion
has been made, I cannot understand. Has it not
been understood that within the last week, as a
part of what has been represented as a settlement
of these questions, a territorial government has
been established for New Mexico ? Yes, sir, and
the ink is hardly dry with which the Executive
has given its approval to an act establishing a ter-
ritorial government there, and which is to answer
all the purposes of protecting the inhabitants oc-
cupying that Territory. Why, then, refer these
papers to the Committee on Territories ? If ♦here
be no purpose in the reference, why should the
committee be burdened with this matter? If there
be any purpose, it can only be with a view to the
admission of New Mexico as a State, and thus we
shall have a majority of this body trampling under
foot the arrangement of this matter which has just
been effected, while the ink is hardly yet dry with
which the bill was signed giving to New Mexico
a territorial government. Sir, if this is to be done,
let it be done. I have nothing to say; but I think
it may be well worth the notice of the coun-
try that what was understood and represented only
a week ago as being a settlement of this matter, is
so little a settlement that, within a week, bv a ma-
jority of this body, the application of New Mex-
ico is referred to a committee, evidently with the
purpose, on the part of a majority, of having ac-
tion in regard to the admission of New Mexico as
a State
Mr. DICKINSON. I voted to lay these papers
on the table, with the view of getting rid of any
debate upon the subject, because we have no time
to spare. I do not propose to take any steps to
make New Mexico a State, or to entertain any
question that points in that direction at the present
time. We have given her an efficient territorial
government, and that, in my judgment, is suffi-
cient. When I get ready to make the very few
persons who now reside there, with no elements of
a State, equal to th^ three millions of inhabitants
of my own State, 1 may be induced to take some
steps to do so. 1 am perfectly indifferent whether
these papers are laid upon the table or referred to
a committee; but I have no idea of having a " tem-
pest in a teapot" about it, and a week's debate.
We have business here which will occupy all the
time we have left us—one day of which will doubt-
less be taken fr.om us in consequence of the death
of a member of the House of Representatives.
For the purpose of saving the time of the Senate,
I shall move to lay this question of reference on the
table. If we have time to discuss such matters,
we can take it up. I have a bill which I wish to
report, and there is much other business to be
done. I therefore hope that there may be no dis-
cussion on this matter. I move to lay the ques-
tion of reference on the table, that it may be dis-
posed of.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask whether that motion is
in order, as there has been no intervening motion
since the question has been taken? I would state
that my object in making the motion to refer, was
simply as a matter of respect to the applicants.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is perfectly in
order; for it is not the question of laying the papers
upon the table, but to lay the motion to refer to the
committee on the table. That is a different ques-
tion from the one on which the vote has been
taken.
Mr. CHASE. On that question I ask the yeas
jl and nays.
j; The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
si taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bell, Berrien, But-
'j ler, Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson. Dod«e of Iowa,
jl Douglas, Gwin, Houston,.Hunter, Jones,King,Mason,Mor-
1', ton, Noma, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Sou!6, Stur-
! geon, Underwood, Whiicomb, and Yulee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Chase, Davis
of Massachusetts, Uodge of Wisconsin, Felch, Fremont,
Greene, Hamhn, Seward, Smith, Wales, Walker, and Win-
throp—15.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were recommitted the petition and papers
of Robert Armstrong, together with the bill for the
relief of Robert Armstrong, reported back ihe bill
withoat amendment.
