THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-V£ '
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C, RIVES.—TERMS $3~FOR THIS SESSXOW.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1850.
New Series.... No. 114.
PAY AND MILEAGE OP MEMBERS.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred House bill No. 387,
bfeins the act to supply the deficiency in the appro-
priations for the pay and mileage of members of
Congress for the present session, reported back
the same with the following proposed amend-
ments:
Line 10, after the word members, insert" of the House of
Representatives."
Same line, after the word session, strike out down to line
18 inclusive, and insert, « For the contingent fund of the
Mouse of Representatives, $50,000."
Mr. DICKINSON. The amendments, it will
be perceived, propose to insert in line ten then
words, " of the House of Representatives;'* and
to strike out that part of the bill which increases
the stationery to be allowed to members of the
HouseofRepresentatives, giving them the amount,
as a contingent fund, they ask for, but leaving
them to dispose of it as they please, without de-
pendence on the Senate and the Executive branch
of the Government.
But tfhat I principally desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to is this: There is a provision
in the bill that " the Senators and Representatives
from California be allowed the same mileage as
the Delegate from Oregon, and no more." It is
understood that that amounts to $2,500. The
committee was not full^ this morning, when they
considered this bill for the first time, and had very
little time to examine it; and they report this pro-
vision of the bill without expressing any opinion
on it. They determined to bring it to the notice
of the Senate for its action. They were induced,
by considerations which must be apparent to every
one, not to recommend upon so little consideration
so grave "a proposition as this. They therefore
bring it before the Senate for its judgment.
The committee also propose to strike out that
part of the bill which appropriates $50,000 for
cooks for the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, which they say they have ordered.
But they propose the addition of this §50,000 to
the contingent fund of the House, to be disposed
•of as they shall see fit. These are the amend-
ments which the cofnmittee propose to the bill.
As soon as the morning business shall have been
fotten through with, I design to call up the bill, as
am advised that the House of Representatives
are under a necessity for its immediate passage.
Whitney's railroad.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the memorial
of a meeting of delegates of several States, held
in St. Louis; also, the memorial of Winslow
Lanier, and the various memorials and resolutions
from State Leeislatures, the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York, large public meetings in sev-
eral different cities of the Union, and different
commercial firms and private citizens, in favor of
the plan of Asa Whitney, of New York, for the
construction of a national railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific; submitted an elaborate
report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by " a bill to set apart and sell to Asa
Whitney, of New York, a portion-of the public
lands, to enable him to construct a railroad from
Lake Michigan or the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean;" which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
rank of navy cflaplains.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of confeinng assimi-
lated laifk on chaplains in the United States ri.kvy, and also
of graduating their compensation according to the time they
have heen^in the service, in the same way that the com-
pensation to surgeons in the n&y is graduated."
bills for california.
Mr. FREMONT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to refund to
the State of California the amount of duties col-
lected for the United States in the port of San
Francisco and other ports in California, before the
extension of the^evenue laws to California; which
114
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a bill to, provide for the appointment of a
recorder of land titles in California, to collect and
register the private land claims, and to preserve
the evidences of the same until finally investigated
by the tribunal to be appointed by Congress for
that purpose; which was read a first and second
time by Us title, and referred to the Committee on
PublicLands.
Also, a bill to relinquish to the city of San
Francisco all the grounds reserved for military
purposes in the city of San Francisco, and not
needed for such purposes; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr, FREMONT also, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for opening a road across the Sierra Nevada,
on the line of the Rio de los Americanos and Car-
son's river, and the pass at their head, as the com-
mencement of opening a common traveling road
between the present western settlements of the
United States, the Territory of Utah, and the
State of California; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. The following is the
bill:
A bill to provide for opening a road across the Sierra Neva-
da, on the line of the Kio de los Americanos find Carbon's
river, and the pass at their head, as the comm« cement
of opening a common traveling road between the present
western settlements of the United States, the Territory of
Utah, and the State of California.
Whereas it is an object of national importance, and of
high obligation on the part of theGovernment of the United
State", to cau«:e to he opened, with the least poto-ible delay,
a practicable road for common traveling between the pres-
ent western settlement* of the United States, the Territory
of Utah, and the State of California,for the purpose of con-
necting th«>ir respective populations : Therefore, as a com-
mencement of said road—
Be it enacted, fyc., That the President shall be and hereby
is authorized to cause a road, practicable for horseman, car-
riages, and wagons, to be opened across the Sierra Nevada,
on the general line of the Rio de los Americanos and Car-
son's river, and the parses at or near their head-, and that
the piun of 75,000 dollars, out of anv moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, be and the same hereby is ap-
propriated for that purpose. And the track of said road shall
iie opened out clear of obstruction upon a width of thirty
feet, and clearing away the undergrowth to the width of
thirty feet morn on each side of said road; and which road
across the said Sierra shall be the commencement of a free
national road for common traveling, and for a mail route,
between the present western settlements of the United
States, the Territory of Utah, and the State of California.
bills passed.
The following engrossed bill was read a third
time and passed:
A bill amendatory of the act entitled " An act
allowing drawback on foreign merchandise ex-
ported in the original packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, in Mexico, and to the British North
American provinces adjoining- the United States,"
approved March 3,1845, and for other purposes.
The bill for the relief of the American Coloni-
zation Society was read a third time, and, on the
question u Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded the yeas
and n?iys, which were ordered, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Clay, Davi* of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Dods<  of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Ewing, Pelch,"Greene, Hamlm, Houston, Jones, Norrfs,
Pr.itt, Seward, Shield*, Smith. Sturgeon, Uudowoud,
Wa!e«, Walker, Whitcomh, and Wmthrop—95
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Benton, Butler,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Hunter, King, Mason,Mor- ,
ton, Sebastian, Soule, Turnoy, and Yulee—14.
So the bill was passed.
military keconnoissances.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Some time ago
the Senate ordered the printing of certain recon-
noissances of surveys. It appears that one of
them having been sent to the House, a copy of it j
was not furnished to the Senate; hence it was not i
included strictly within the resolution which the j
Senate passed. It is the report of Captain R. B.
Marcy, of the exploration of a route from Fort
Smith totSanta Fe. It has been published by the
House, being House document No. 45. It is val-
uable in itself, and completes the series of reports
which it was intended, when the motion was
made, should be ordered to be printed for the use
of the Senate. I now move, therefore, that the
report of Captain R. B. Marcy be added £o the
report already ordered to be printed, and that the
like number of extra copies be ordered to be
printed of this report as was printed of the others.
The motion was agreed to, and it w.as
Ordered, That the report of Captain ft. B. Marcy, on the
route fiom Fort Smith to Santa be punted in connectioa
with, and as part of, Senate Executive document No. 64.
chesapeake and ohio canal.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
a bill giving the assent of the United States, to an
act of the General Assembly of Maryland, passed,
at the December session, 1844, chapter 287. This
is a bill giving the assent of the United States to
the act of the General Assembly of Maryjand,
passed at its December session, 1844, chapter 287,
entitled " An act supplementary to an act entitled
i an act to amend the act incorporating the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal Company,' passed at De-
cember session, 1831, chapter 297," and t6 6ach
and every provision thereof; and that the same be,
and are hereby extended to so much of the said
canal as lies within the District of Columbia, in aa
full and effectual a manner as if the several pro-
visions aforesaid were hereby formally enacted.
Mr. MASON. This bill is to enact certain laws
for the government of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal. That canal, as the Senate aie aware, ex-
tends from the District of Columbia and through
a part of the District, and through the State of
Maryland to Cumberland, on the upper waters of
the Potomac river. The canal lies entirely within
the State of Maryland, except a small portion of
it which lies within this District. The State of
Maryland has found it necessary to pass some
additional regulations for the police government of
that canal. All the bill proposes, is, that the same
regulations should be extended to so much of the
canal as lies within this District. The matter has
been well considered by the Committee on the
District of Columbia, who reported the bill and
recommend its passage.
The bill was then reported to the Senate" without
amendment and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
slave trade in district of columbia.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special orders.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to postpone the special
orders of the day for the purpose of taking up a
bill of great importance. It is entitled a bill to re-
gulate the fees and costs to be allowed to clerks,
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other purposes,
respecting which I have received numerous com-
munications.
Mr. CLAY. I am sorry that I am obliged to
interpose an objection. Let us proceed with the
consideration of the special order, and get through
with it; and I trust it will be done without much
debate.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator from Kentucky
objects, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. BERRIEN. I had supposed that we would
not proceed to the consideration of the special or-
der to-day, but would go on with other business,
as a message of a grave character is to be expected
from the House. But I shall interpose no objec-
tion to taking up the special order.
The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the special order
of the day. being the bill to suppress the slave
trade in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I rise merely to
express the hope that, as we had yesterday a great
deal of matter brought into the debate which I
thought was of a very unprofitable character, and
which was not at all relevant to the subject under
consideration, we would take the vote at once upon
the proposition pending, which we all know is to
be rejected by a large majority.
Mr. SOULE addressed the Senate at consider-
able length, and was followed by Messrs. BER-
RIEN, WINTHROP, EWma4 BUTLER,
