1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept, l%f
® AVIS of Massachusetts, and DOUGLAS, and
by others.
Mr. DICKINSON. I despair of seeing any
-termination to this debate, and it has gone so far
already as to be as applicable to anything else as
the measure under consideration. I must therefore
ask that the subject be laid on the table for a few
minutes, in order to take up a deficiency bill from
the House. Unless an anti-slavery debate shall
spring up on the bill, I apprehend it will take
but a few minutes to dispose of it. [Laughter.] It
is one thatit is very desirable we should pass at
once, and I hope therefore thac the Senate will
agree now to take it up.
Mr. PRATT and others. Let us have the ques-
tion first on this amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Did the Senator make a
motion? , ,
Mr. DICKINSON. Not if the vote .can be
taken at once on the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Seward, and the vote was
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Hale, Sew-
^NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bnaht, Butler, Clay, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Ewiim, Feich, Fremont,. Greene,
Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mangum,
Mason,"Morton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Shields, Smith, Soul«, Spruance Sturgeon, Turney, Un-
derwood, Wales, Whitcomb, and Wmthrop—45.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question was on concurring with the amend-
ments, first with that adding the third, fourth, and
fifth sections to the bill.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate, of which a
report will be given hereafter.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the Senate will now
agree to take up the bill to which I have referred,
for I know well what will become of the thing if
this debate is to continue.
On the motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the fur-
ther consideration of the bill was 'postponed until
to-morrow.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
/ The Clerk of the House of Representatives de-
livered to the Senate the bill entitled " An act re-
specting fugitives from justice and persons escap-
ing from the service of their masters," which the
House of Representatives had passed without
amendment.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill from the House of Representatives to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appropriation for pay and
mileage of members of Congress for the present
session.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
Finance were agreed to, one introducing the words
" of the House of Representatives," and striking
out the -allowance of an additional $10 each for
stationery, and the third appropriating $50,000 to
the contingent fund of the House, without pre-
scribing the purposes for which it was to be ex-
pended.
Mr. BENTON submitted an amendment to reg-
ulate the mileage of Members and Senators from
California, and the Delegate from Oregon. It pro-
posed to pay them by the most usually travelled
route within the United States.
A long debate ensued. It was objected that
there was no usually-travelled route " within the
United States," but the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted an amendment to
prohibit the purchase of books, unless it shall be
done in accordance with law, and the use of money
from the contingent expenses of the two Houses
for the purchase of books, except in compliance
with existing contracts; which was not agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the per diem
of the Senators and Representatives from Califor-
nia was fixed to commence from the day upon
which the constitution of that State was submitted
to Congress by the President of the United States.
The bill then passed through its final stages,
and was leturned to the House of Representatives,
after which the Senate held a short Executive ses-
sion, and
Then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, SepleirOber 13, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OBITUARY.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose and ad-
dressed the House as follows:
Mr. Sfeaker: It is my painful duty to an-
nounce the death of another member of this House.
The honorable Henry Nes, late Representative of
the fifteenth congressional district of Pennsylvania,
expired at his residence on the evening of the 10th
instant. For a long time he had been afflicted
with a painful and wasting disease.
Dr. Nes was a native of the borough of York,
where he constantly resided until his death. His
parents were among the most respectable and in-
fluential citizens of that ancient town. Properly
appreciating the benefits of knowledge, they gave
their son a liberal and professional education. He
rose to considerable eminence, and acquired a large
practice in his profession, which he followed until
the people of his district required his public ser-
vices. How he was esteemed here, I need not
inform you who knew him.
When his health permitted, and sometimes when
it would hardly justify his attendance, he was
assiduous in the discharge of his public duties.
At the commencement of this session of Congress,
he rose from a bed of sickness, and, at great per-
sonal risk, came here to attend the organization of
this House; nor did he permit himself to be a day
absent, until disease rendered him too feeble to
attend.
Few men possessed as great and as enviable
popularity as Dr. Nes. He'was repeatedly elected
to Congress from a district which never returned
any other man of the same political party. His
popularity was not accidental nor evanescent, for
his constituents had known him from his child-
hood. It was founded in the most amiable quali-
ties of the human heart. Benevolence, generosity,
and unfeigned pity for misfortune, were promi-
nent characteristics of his nature. No child of
affliction was ever so poor or humble as to seek
his professional or pecuniary assistance in vain.
The poor and the afflicted were all his friends;
and their sorrow at his grave will do more honor
to his obsequies than would the most splendid
equipages of the great. He has left behind him
numerous, respectable, attached, and mourning
friends, but not a single enemy. If the blessings
of the unfortunate, and the sincere prayers of pure
and grateful hearts can furnish a safe passport to
a better world, his has been a happy exit from
this. I move the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep sendbil-
itv tile annunciation of the death of the Hon. Henrv Nes,
a member from the State of Pennsylvania.
Resolved That this House tendeis to the relatives of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy in this afflicting
event: and as a testimony of respect for the memory of the
deceased the memirers and officers of the House will go
into mourning by wearing crape on the left arm for Unity
^Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the House do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
And the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of Joseph N A?koy,
for a settlement of his account at the Post Office Depart-
ment.
IN SENATE.
Friday, September 13, 1850.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial from John
Smith, of New Orleans, Louisiana, setting forth
that his steam vessel " Cincinnati" was chartered
at Brazos by the Quartermaster's department of
the army to transport troops and supplies, &c.
That his vessel was afterwards ordered to leave
the waters where she was chartered, to carry troops
and supplies to Tampieo for the protection of that
port, (then in possession of the naval force of the
United States,) where she was detained for the
requirements ot the service. The memorialist was
then ordered to take on board troops and an arma-
ment for Marina, near which place his vessel was
overtaken by a violent norther, driven ashore and
lost, while'engaged under the flag of the United
States, and subject to the order of the commanding
officer of the expedition; and that, as the policy
of insurance was vitiated when the vessel was
ordered from the coast of Texas, the memorialist
conceives himself emitted to full indemnity, and
prays the same may be extended, to him by Con-
gress. The memorial was referred to th#Com-
mittee of Claims.
. JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, some time
since the Committee o > the Judiciary reported
upon certain memorials a d a bill that had beer>
referred to them in regard to the reorganization of
the Judiciary of tkrs District. Their report was
ordered to be printed. The bill which was re-
ferred to them was printed prior to its going to
them. But before they reported, there was a bill,
which had been gotten up by the members of the
bar of the city of Washington, referred to them,
together with a memorial signed by twenty-seven
members of the bar. 1 perceive that the Com-
mittee in their report seem to have taken no notice
of that bill or of that memorial, but direct atten-
tion in their report to certain letters which were
received from what they term " leading members of
the bar." As this bill has received no attention from
the committee, and as, in fact, it is not noticed in
the report of the Judiciary Committee, I wish to
have it printed, together with the memorial of the
members of the bar, so that when the report of the
committee is taken up for consideration we can
have this bill and memorial before us. I therefore
move that this bill, which is among the papers re-
ported back by the committee, together with the
memorial of the members of the bar, be printed.
The motion was,agreed to.
BILLS FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, 1 entertain differ-
ent views from my colleague [Mr. Fremont] in
regard to some bills introduced by him yesterday.
ln°order that the different committees may have
the views of each of us, I give notice that I will
to-morrow, or some-subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce the following bills;
A bill to provide for the examination and settle-
ment of titles and claims to land in California.
A bill to establish certain light-hoases, fog-sig-
nals, beacons and buoys on the coast of the State
of California, and for the survey of the coast and
harbors. . „
A bill to create collection aistriets in California,
intended as a substitute to the bill reported from
the Committee on Commerce.
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be paid to the State of; California
all moneys collected from customs in California,
from the ratification of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo to the date of the admission of the State
into the Union.
REPORT FBOM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition and ad-
ditional documents in relation to the claim of Johrr
Hollohan, asking compensation as a day watch-
man, asked to be discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the same; which was agreed to.
DEATH OF THE HON. HENRY NES.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
icsentatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Pretident: I am directed to inform the
Senate of the decease of the Hon. Henry Nes, a
Representative from the State of Pennsylvania,
I and to communicate the proceedings of the House
! thereupon:
! The Secretary read the resolutions of the House.
; Mr. STURGEON. Mr. President, the painful
i intelligence that has just been announced to the
i Senate by a message'irom the House of Represen-
tatives has warned us that death has again been in
i our midst. These frequent calls of the invisible
' upon the visible world speak to us in language
that cannot be misunderstood. We are admon-
ished that all must die, and that we must set our
" house m order " that we may be prepared to
undertake the inevitable journey to that bourn
from which no traveler returns.
In the absence of mv colleague, occasioned by
sickness, the duty devolves upon me to say a few
words of the life and character of the deceased.
Doctor Henry Nes was born in the town of
York, York county, in Pennsylvania. There he
spent his early childhood. There he spent his
manhood. There, amidst his friends, he de-
scended to his grave. Mr. .Nes qualified himself
for the medical profession, which he commenced
