THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
of fixing the price at which the tea should be de-
livered, Nicoli &Co. having agreed to furnish the
article at the contract price. He saw no reason
why the bill should not pass. The persons who
supplied the tea ought to have had their money
Ions: ago.
Mr. NELSON did not rise to discuss this claim;
it had been fully discussed when it was previously
under the consideration of the committee. He
thought the committee had sufficiently examined
case to make up their minds, and he had no
doubt but every gentleman was satisfied as to the
-proper course for him to take upon it. It was not
a complicated case. These claimants had fur-
nished the tea in their own name; it had never
been paid for. The pretence against the payment
was, that the account against the contractor for
failure to perform his sugar contract, amounting
to som,o thousands of dollars, should be set off
against the price of this ten, which was furnished
by other parties who were the claimants. It
Seemed to him that there could be no reasonable
doubt of the justice of the claim.
In answer to the argument or the suggestion
that had been made, by gentlemen on the other
aide, that the Government might have gone out
into open market arid purchased the sugar, he
had to fay, he it so. But it would probably have
had to pay a higher price for the tea; for it was
conceded on all hands that it was furnished by the
petitioners at the lowest cash price, and there was
no good reason why they should not be paid.
Mr. SACKETT *?aid he would be very glad to
vote for this claim if the report presented a case to
justify such a vote. He thought the case was not
fully set out m the report, and that the matter
should go back to the committee. What was the
case? That Mason contracted to furnish sugar
and tea-, that the tea was furnished by Nicoli &
Co., and there was a failure to furnish the sugar;
and the Government set off the damages arising
out of the failure against the price of the lea. Now
what the bargain wa's between Mason and the
claimants, did not appear from the report, if
the tea was really furnished under Mason's con-
tract, and this claim of Nicoli & Co., independent
of the contract, was an after-thought, it ought not
to he allowed. If the tea was not furnished under
Mason's contract, then the petitioners ought to be
paid.
Mr. NELSON inquired ifhis colleague had read
therepori? and he referred him to the letter of the !
naval storekeeper of the 9th of June, to show that j
the tea was furnished by Nicoli & Co. on their j
own account, and that it was so received and ac-
knowledged by the naval agent.
follows:
United States Navy Vard,
Niiri-olk, June 9, 1848.
Gentlemkn: Your letter, inclo-trig invoice and lull of
IfWfinirol tea, ha* )ii*t been received. As «?oon a*, it arnve 
and p is*** inspection, I will forward jou hill.s,as requested.
Yery respectlully, join obedient eorvnnf,
M. JOUDAN, Naval Storekeeper.
Messrs. S. J. Nicoli, &. Co.
Mr SACKETT replied that he had read the re-
port, and it did not, in his opinion, fully set forth
the case. He thought the committee should have
taken something like legal evidence to base their
action upon,and not contented themselves with the
mere allegation of the petitioners.
Mr. SWEETSER, (the floor being yielded for
explanation,) in reference to the lemark of Mr.
Sackbtt, that there was no proof contained in the
lepoit, upon what terms Nicoli & Co. obtained the
tea, said that he would like to have seen the letter
of NVoll & Co., which was not furnished, but
that the letter of the Government agent acknowl-
edging the receipt of the tea fully explained the
point. He added, that if thegentleman would look
into Mason's contract for tea, he would find that
the year duiing which it was to be in force had
expired; therefore, the delivery of the tea by the
petitioners could have no reference to that contract,
except to the terms which it prescribed.
Mr. SACKETT replied that the question of
dates he had not examined; he was discussing the
received the tea, not under the contract, but under
some other arrangement, the claim was good.
The committee should know the facts. He did
not desire to oppose the claim if it was a just one.
He only desired that sufficient evidence should be
presented; and he would move, if it was in order,
that the bill be referred back to the Committee on
Claims, that they might report more fully the facts
of the case. *
Mr. EWING obtained the floor,but yielded for
explanation to
Mr. SWEETSER, who was understood, upon
further reference to thepaper3, to correct the state-
ment he had previously made, arid to say that the
tea was delivered by the petitioners previous to the
expiration of the tune fixed in Mason's contract.
Mr. EWING said that fact removed the whole
ground of claim. The contract was, to deliver the
tea during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846.
The receipt for the tea was dated 29th June, 1846,
and the tea was delivered before that time. The
naval storekeeper wrote that it was furnished upon
Mason's contract, and it appeared that it was fur-
nished at Mason's request. Mason was charged
with it by Nicoli & Co., and they expected to re-
ceive the payment of Mason. Mason being in-
debted to the Government for damages arising out
of his failure to furnish the sugar, the Government
brought m that account as an offset to the price of
the tea. The fact that other parties chose to
interpose, and furnish the tea in Mason's name,
and under his contract, did not alter the case
between the contractor and the Government. The
person so interposing must take the risk as to
what would be the state of the accounts, upon
final settlement, between the contractor and the
Government. If this principle were not adhered
to—if a third person were allowed to step in and
comply with such parts of a contract made by
another with the Government, as he chosed to,
and the Government weie to pay him for the arti-
cles furnished, without reference to the other stip-
ulations of the contract which remained unfulfilled—
it would entirely break up the contract system.
Irresponsible persons would be put forward to
j contract to furnish various articles, and respons-
1 ible ones would step in, and furnish tho&e on
which a profit could be made, and no penalty
could be collected for the failure to furnish the
otheis. Gentlemen must see that it would be
establishing a dangerous precedent.
Air. STANTON, of Kentucky, considered the
claim so plain and so just that it surprised him
that any gentleman could object to its payment.
What was the character of tjie case? The record
i his letter is a Ji showed that Mason made two contracts—one to
j; furnish a certain quantity of tea, another to furnish
j a quantity of sugar. They were independent
contracts, though perhaps they might be of the
same date. It turned out that Mason did not
comply wnh either contract. These petitioners,
without reference to Mason's contiact, shipped the
tea in their own name. The Government agent
recognized it as coming from them, arid replied
that,, as soon as it arrived and passed inspection,
he would forward to them bills for its payment, as
requested.
Mr. EWING (interposing) referred to the let-
ter of the naval storekeeper of June 26, addiessep
to Nicoli & Co. r
This letter is as follows:
June 26, 184S.
Gentlemen : I enclose the hills foi you lor ilie te.t de-
livered by you on account ot Mr. jVLison'* contract, accord-
ing to your request. You will perceive they are made out
in Ins name. Tms I was obl^ed to do, as I could not know
officially any othet person m Hie matter bat the contractor.
You will, however, only have togetinm to Mgu his name to
the receipt, or give you a power of attorney authorizing
vou to receive the mom5y. The ten pnr cent, lias also been
i deducted, according to lh«i stipulations of Mr Mason's con-
] tract. Very respectfully, vourob'dirnt.servant,
j m, jojjuan, Naval Storekeeper.
! Mr. STANTON replied, that it was perhaps
] unfortunate that Nicoli & Co. did not keep their
i nisi letter to the naval storekeeper, (containing the
{ Jerms of their negotiation to furnish the tea )
■ lhat letter was in the hands of the Govern
principle on which the claim was base,]; it seemed || why wasTt noTproduced",units' u weT^The
rr, hp That the tea was furnished ■! reason that it would prove that NicoU & Co. Pro-
nns!<afi tn fm-nloU „ .1 • * '
not to be satisfactory.
by some arrangement between Nicoli & Co. and j
Mason, clearly appeared; the House should know
-what tiiat arrangement was. if it was a contract
on the part of Nicoli & Co. with Mason, then
Nicoli & Co. could have no claim upon the Gov-
ernment, On the other hand, if the Government
posed to furnish the tea on their own account.
f,7 u tea,w,as furnished about the 1st of June, 1S46.
What did the Government agent say? Under
date of June 9, he says to Nicoli & Co, " As soon
' as it arrives and passes inspection, I will forward
you bills, as requested."
Mr. THOMAS asked who it was who wrote
that letter ?
Mr. STANTON replied, Mr. Jorffan, the naval
storekeeper.
Mr. THOMAS was understood to inquire
what authority Jordan had to buy tea, or receive
it of other persons than the contractor?
Mr. STANTON replied, by the authority of
the contract. There was a provision in the con-
tract that the Government was not forbidden to
buy tea of otJier persons. The tea was shipped,
and Jordan was the proper officer to receive it.
Mr. THOMAS asked if Jordan was authorized
to buy tea without referring the inatte.r to the Gov-
ernment at Washington ? «
Mr. STANTON replied, that he was expressly
authorized to by the contract, in case the tea was
not delivered by Mason. Did the gentleman pre-
tend to say that Jordan was not the proper officer,
on receiving the tea, to give a receipt for it? He
was the custodier of the naval stores—he was the
only man to give the receipt. It was not the busi-
ness of the Secretary of the Navy, or of anybody
else, but this very officer; and it was his duty. A.
month after receiving this tea, and writing to Nic-
oli & Co., " I willforward you bills,as requested,"
as an after-thought, he wrote them, " 1 cannot do
' what 1 promised. I was obliged to make out the
' bills in Mason's name, as X could know no other
' person officially in this matter." Could the Gov-
ernment agent, as an after-thought, take advantage
of a mere technicality to defraud these petitioners
of the payment for tea which they had furnished,
and winch this agent had received on their ac-
count? The agent wrote a month afterward that
he was obliged to make out the bills in Mason's
name. Why had he not informed them of this at
first? If he had, they might have taken back the
tea. But no; he had written them on the receipt
of their invoice, " 1 will forward you bills, as re-
quested." Jordan informed the petitioners (letter
of June 26) that they would have to get Mason to
sign his name to the receipt, or give them a power
of attorney. Was not this a clear recognition of
the fact that the lea was shipped by Nicoli & Co.,
on their own account? He (Mr.S.) referred toother
parts of the coirespondence, showing clearly, as
he contended, that tlje tea was furnished by Nicoli
& Co. for themselves, and consequently that they
should receive the payment.
Mr. EWING considered that the error of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] arose
from a mistaken notion of the duties of the differ-
ent officers of the Navy Department, and stated
that it was the duty of the head of the Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing, and not the naval store-
keeper, to make contracts and procure supplies,
arid denied that- the action of the storekeeper)
being unauthorized, bound the Government. He'
referred to the letter of the storekeeper, of June
26, as conclusive evidence that the tea was fur-
nished in Mason's name, and argued that the
contracts for sugar and tea, though made in separ-
ate foi m, according to the usage of the department,
weie in fact one contract, and that the damuo-e
arising out of the failure to furnish the sugar was
a legal and equitable offset to the price ot the tea.
He denied that there was any other ground of
claim on the part of Nicoli & Co. except under the
contract of Mason; if there were, he called upon
the advocates of the claim to produce it. This
being the case, they were subject to all the condi-
tions of the contract.
Mr. DUNHAM, in support of the claim, pro-
ceeded to show that the petitioners furnished the
team their own name—first, by reference to the pe-
tition on which this fact is alleged; second, to the
letter of Jordan, of 9.h June; and third, to the
letter of the same, 26th June, the apology in which
for sending bills in MaAn's name he"considered
conni matory evidence ofthe same fact.
Mr. EWING inquired if he was to understand
the gentleman from Indiana, that the letter ofa naval
stoiekeeper or surveyor, such as Joidan had writ-
ten, bound the Government?
Mr. DUNHAM replied, not at all. But he
asked the gentleman why the storekeeper wrote to
JNicoll & Co. at all, if Mason was to be paid, and
if the tea was delivered m Mason's name?
Mr. E WIING replied that the bills, having come
from Nicoll & Co., the agent had answered
them—Mason being in a distant city.
Mr. DUNHAM said there was no proof that
Mason was in another city. He knew thatJordon
