1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to practice at an early day. His urbanity of mari-
ners, his kind disposition, and his disinterested
benevolence soon introduced him to a large and
lucrative practice. That practice was continued
for yetirs, occasionally and partially interrupted
by the calis that were made upon him to fill places
of trust and responsibility in his native town.
It was not until the year 1843 that M>r. Nes was
elected a Representative in the Congress of the
United States. This was his first appearance on
the theatre of public life. Mr. Nes did not repre-
sent his district in the next Congress. He was,
however, elected in 1846, and again reelected in
1848. And as an evidence of his popularity, I
may mention the fact that he was elected, although
his district usually gave six or seven hundred
Democratic majority. This speaks highly for his
character and standing among the people of Penn-
sylvania. The voice of Mr. Nf.s was seldom
heard in the Hall of the House, but he was assid-
uous in his application to the duties that were
devolved upon him by the several committees of
which, he was a member. Owing to his retiring
character, his acquaintances were perhaps not
many. But he had warm and ardent friends
among those who were more immediately around
him.
Mr. Nes died in the 52d year of his age. He
will be missed much by his friends. To his chil-
dren, whom he has left withoutthe care of a mother
or the protection of a father, the loss will be irre-
parable. But they have the consolation to know
that he died leaving them the inheritance of an
irrenroachahle character.
Without saying anything more, Mr. President,
X offer the following resolutions:
Reso'rerf, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility the message from the Hou^e of Representatives an-
nouncing the (Wth of the Hon. Henry Nes, a Representa-
tive from the State of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That, in token of respect for the memoiyofthe
deceased, the Senate will wear the usfcai badge of mourn-
ing thirty davs.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect to the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted, an<J
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, September 14, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WALDO asked the unanimous consent to
make one or two adverse reports from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, for the purpose
of having them printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. There is
nobody in the world whom I would more willingly
oblige than my friend from Connecticut, but I really
th^nk the committees generally ought to be called,
and therefore 1 must object to the gentleman's
report, unless all the committees can be called.
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OF GEN. JACKSON.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to consider the reso-
lution which I have sent to the Clerk's table.
Clarke Mills, the artist who has been employed to
cast the bronze statue of General Andrew Jack-
son, has been much delayed for want of proper
metal for the work. He has incurred great ex-
pense by the delay, and some short time since he
received from the Government a quantity of brass
cannon which were useless for defence, but con-
sidered useful for the object in view. Upon an
analysis of the brass it is found to contain an un-
due proportion of tin for the purpose of casting in
bronze. There is in possession of the Government
a quantity of old copper, which would beavdslable
to Mr. Mills, and the brass is precisely suitable for
the purpose of casting cannon. 1 have a letter from
Commodore Warrington recommending the ex-
change of metals, and called upon the Secretary of
the Navy, who expressed his willingness to make
the exchange should Congress approve of the ar-
rangement. In order to prevent further delay, and
as the exchange would be advantageous to all
parties, I hope the "House will at once adopt the
resolution.
The resolution was read, being a joint resolution
relating to the equestrian statue of General Jack-
son.
No objection being made—
The icsolution was received, read three several
times and passed.
Mr. DANIEL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the private calen-
dar!
DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. I wisii to present Almon W. Bab-
bitt, Esq., delegate from the Territory of Utah,
whose credentials are on the files of the House,
that he may be sworn, and take his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
rises and presents the credentials of Mr. Babbitt,
as Delegate from the Territory of Utah, and asks
that he may be sworn and take his seat as Dele-
gate from that Territory.
Mr. RUMSEY asked for the reading of the cre-
dentials.
A pause ensued—during which Mr. Harris
and the Clerk were apparently looking for the pa-
pers.
Mr. DANIEL. Will it be in order to move to
postpone this matter? It seems to me, there is
some impropriety in admitting this man as a Dele-
gate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has not yielded the floor.
Mr. DANIEL. Will it be in order to move to
postpone the consideration of this subject ?
The SPEAKER. The question is not properly
before the House for consideration.
Mr. HARRIS. I will state that the credentials
of the Delegate are not in my possession, but they
arr upon the files of the House. The credentials,
the memorial of the Delegate, and the action of the
body from which he comes, have been referred to
theCommittee on Elections. That body proposed,
at the time of his election, that he should take his
seat when a territorial government was formed,
and not before. The Committee on Elections took
upon themselves to report, not in accordance with
the prayer of the petitioner, or of the government
which he represents. His credentials are now
on the files of the House, and as another Delegate
cannot be elected uptime to take his seat during
the present Congress, I hope there will be no ob-
jections to Mr. Babbitt tatting his seaf.
The SPEAKER. The question is not properly
before the House. The Chair suggests to the gen tie-
man from Illinois that it would be better not to raise
this question until the credentials are presented.
Mr. HARRIS. It is for the purpose of having
the credentials brought forward, that 1 make the
question at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not rule the
question out of order, but he suggested, as the Clerk
cannot lay his hands upon the papers, that the
question be deferred until the case is fairly pre-
sented.
Mr. HARRIS. The Clerk will find in the
printed report an extract from the memorial of the
constituent body from which My. Babbitt comes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Have not
these credentials been acted upon by the House?
If I am not mistaken, these same credentials have
been presented, referred to the Committee on Elec-
tions, reported by that committee, and acted upon
by the House. I ask, are the same credentials a
subject-matter for another inquiry ?
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Harris.) Does the
gentleman from Illinois insist upon the considera-
tion of this subject now?
Mr. HARRIS. I am willing that it should pass
over until Monday. But I give notice now, that
I shall call it up at that time.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL renewed his motion to suspend
the rules to proceed to the consideration of the
private calendar.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
this motion.
Mr. ASHMUN. What is the regular order of
business for the morning?
The SPEAKER. There being no private busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, the regular ^business
will be the call of the committees for reports; and
the first business of that nature will be the report
of the select committee which has occupied the at-
tention of the House for several mornings, after
which the House would proceed, upon the expi-
ration of the morning hour, to the business on the
Speaker's table. The motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina to suspend the rules to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the private calendar,
is in order.
Mr. ASHMUN. Then I understand if t^p
House refuse to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar, the business^ will
be the report of the select committee, of which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
is chairman ?
The SPEAKER. That will be the case.
The motion of Mr. Daniel was put, and disa-
greed to.
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the report heretofore made by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] from the
select committee appointed to inquire whether Mr.
Ewing, late Secretary of the Interior, had not re-
opened and paid certain accounts, and whether he
had not improperly paid interest on others, &c.
The resolutions reported by Mr. Richardson
from the majority of the committee, are as follow:
Resolved, That the payment by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior of thirty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-two
dollars and fifty cents, to the administrator of Commodore
James Barron, as commutation pay for the naval services of
said Barron during the revolutionary war, was made in vio-
laiion of law.
Resolved, That officers of the Virginia navy during the war
of the Revolution, are not entitled to commutation pay. '
Resolved, Thai the payment of compound interest in the
case of Commodore James Barron, was made in violation
of law.
Resolved, That the sum of 856,021 49 paid to Messrs.
Corcoran and Risers, as assi<inees~bt William M. Gwin, was
jn-tly due the Chickasaw Indians, and was improperly paid
lo Corcoran and Riggs.
Mr. VINTON had moved to amend the said
resolutions as follow:
"That inasmuch as the i evolutions proposed h.y the com-
mittee raised on the motion of Mr. Richardson, do not
charge the SecrPtaty of the Interior with any crime or
m^demeanor, and do not propose any change of existing
laws, but in eff- ctcall upon tin* House to revise the decision
of the proper officers <>f the Government upon a 1-gal ques-
tion affecting private rights, that the same be not concurred
in."
The previous question had been seconded, and
the main question had been oidered to be now
put, which main question was first on agreeing to
the amendment of Mr Vinton.
Pending; this question—
Mr. RICHARDSOlNT had claimed the floor to
close the debate, and had been interrupted at the
outset of his remarks by the expiration of the
morning hour. He now resumed and concluded
his remarks, (which will be published in the Ap-
pendix,) in reply to gentlemen who had preceded
him, and in further vindication of the positions
taken in the majority report, impugning the con-
duct of the late Secretary of the Interior in the
allowance of the claims in question.
Mr. R. having concluded—
The SPEAKER announced that the question
was first on agreeing to the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
The resolutions and amendment were read, (as
above.)
Mr. RICHARDSON" called the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question upon agreeing to the amendment
of Mr. Vinton was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 94, nays 84; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Kreck, Krigg«, Brooks, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Ca-ey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin,
Crowcll. Deberry. Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Ehot,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Frei dtev, Gentry,
Gilbert. Gitu.ore,' Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Hampton, Hay,
Havmond, Hebard, Henry, Hilhard, Houston, Howe, W.
T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, J.
G. King, John A. King. Horace Maun, Marshall, Matte>on,
McGausjhey, McKissock, Meacham, Moore, Morton, Nel-
son, Ogle. Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phamix, Pitman, Powell,
Putnam, Reed, Root, Rose. Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spiague,
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, 'l'aj lor,
John B. Thompson, Thuinian, Toombs. Tuck, Undeihiit,
Vmton, Walking White, Williams, and Wright—94.
NAYc5—Messrs. Albertson. Ashe. Avf-rett, Bay,Bingham,
Bissell, Booth. Bowhn, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown, BueL J.
Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Canter, Cleveland, Chngmau, W.
R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dimmtck, Dteney, Dunham, Edmund-
son, Ewing, Featbeh-ton, Puller, Gerry, Gorman, Green,
Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris. Hibbard,Holland, ilolladay, Howard,
Hubbard,Inge, J. W Jackson, Andiew Johnson, Robert W.
"Johnson, Jones. Julian, Kaulman, Leffler, Ltttlcfield, Job
Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McLanahan, Mc-
Mullen. MeWilht', Meade, Miller, Millsou, Morns, Orr,
Parker,'Ptaslee, Phelps, Potter, Richardson. Robbma, Rob-
inson, Ro««, Savas*, Sawtelle, Seddon, F. P. Stanton,
Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James. Thom• ■««. >,
Walden, Waldo, Waliacc, Wentwortb, Whittlesey, Wild-
rick, Wood, Woodward, and Young—84.
