1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft?
had no authority to bind the Government, but it
was clear that he did receive the tea of Nicoli &
Co., and that, he agreed to pay them. The great
principle on which he rested the claim, and which
he addressed to legal gentlemen in the House, was
this, that a man c'-uld not be compelled to part
with his property except on his own terms.* It
was clear from the facts embodied in the report,
that Nicoli & Co. had delivered the tea on their
own account; the naval storekeeper had so ac-
knowledged tne receipt of it, and promised to send
to them the bills for its payment; and the Govern-
ment, having thus obtained the tea, had made use
of it. Could the Government then turn round and
say that it would account for the tea to another per-
son? Certainly not.
In reference to the arguments which had been
made to justify the damages claimed from the fail-
ure to comply with the sugar contract, he argued
that (even if there were no other objections to it)
there was no law making unliquidated damages an
offset
Mr. EWING said express authority was given
for this in the contract.
Mr. DUNHAM held that this was not suf-
ficient, without the authority of law.
He stated that Nicoli &, Co. could have known
nothing of the default under the sugar contract at
the time they furnished the tea, as the default had
notat that time taken place. He said thattlie prop-
er mode of securing the rights of the Government
under the sugar contraci would be, to enforce the
contract upon the sureties, while Nicoli & Co.
were paid for what was justly due them for tea
which they had delivered to the Government only
in their own name.
Mr. CLEVELAND said he was not certain that
he correctly understood the case, but if he did not,
he would thank gentlemen to set him right. It
seemed that there had never been but one contract
for tea, viz: that with Mason.
Mr. CROWELL wish< d to correct the gentle-
man, and (Mr. Cleveland yielding) said that by
the terms of the contract (page seven of the report)
■with Mason, the right v/as expressly reserved to
the naval agent at Norfolk, if this contractor did
not supply the tea when ordered, to make pur-
chase of the tea.
Mr. CLEVELAND replied yes; but the diffi-
culty lay here: although that privilege had been
ieseived, it had never been exercised. That was
the point. It was not claimed that the naval store*
keeper, under this right reserved in the contract,
went to Nicoli &• Co. and contracted for the tea;
hut it was understood on all hands that the tea
was furnished on the contract with Mason. The
fact, which had been ingeniously brought forward
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,]
that the tea was furnished before the contract for
the sugar expired, had fed the storekeeper to con-
clude that there was no necessity to send the bills
to Mason.
The facts lay in a nut-shell. The sugar could
not be furnished, according to contract, without
a loss of some $2,000; this the contractor wi.shed
to avoid; the tea could be furnished without loss;
therefore other parties came in and furnished it.
The Government ought not to allow the con-
tractor, by interposing other parties to perform the
tea contract, to defraud it of the damages arising
out of the failure to deliver the sugar as stipulated
The whole ground of claim was the letter of the
naval storekeeper. Would that justify the House
in overriding the decision of the officers of the de-
pal tment, whose duty it was to pass upon this
claim ; Mr. Welles, the head of the Bureau af
Provisions and Clothing at that time, and the At-
torney General, had, acting upon their responsi-
bility as public officers, upon a full knowledge of
of the facts, concurred in deciding against tre
claim ? The claim came under suspicious circum-
stances, to say the leastv He wanted to know if
there were ten men in the House who could say,
upon the proof presented, that they were satisfied
that, there had not been some collusion between
Mason and Nicoli & Co. to take advantage of the
beneficial part of the contract, and to get rid of the
• damages under the other part? The examination
of cases of this nature before the committees of
the House, must of necessity be ex parte. He said
this with due respect to the abilities of the gentle-
man fiom Tennessee [Mr. Thomas] to defend
the rights of the Government; but the facts on the
side of the Government were not brought forward,
and could not be. He referred to the fact that
the tea was not delivered until within a few days
of the expiration of the contract, and said any
legal gentleman could see how easily the trick could
be played, of waiting till that late period to repu-
diate the unprofitable part of the contract, and then
shove in the tea by the means of third parties, to
take advantage of the profitable part.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
! Committee rise and report the bill. It must be
i obvious to every gentleman (he fund) that no piog-
{ ress could be made in the business upon the cui-
I endar.
I The CHAIRMAN 'decided the motion to be
| out of order.
I Some conversation followed.
! Mr. JOHNSON said it'was a matter of no con-
: sequence to him in what form the motion was
j put, and he would modify it m any way, so as to
accomplish his object, which was, to proceed to
the transaction of business in the Ilouse.
:| Mr. J. then modified his motion so as to move
:l that the committee rise.
i; Mr. CROYVELL hoped, he said, that the mo-
ll tion would not prevail.
!| The CHAIRMAN said the question was not
: debatable.
'j Mr. CROWELL knew it, he said, and did not
j desire to debate it.
. The question was then taken, and decided in
j the affirmative.
So the committee lose, and leported progress on
I the said bill.
i On motion, it was resolved, that when the House
' adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
( Mr. CROWELL moved that the House iesojve
j itself into Committee of the Whole on the Pn-
j vate Calendar.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Atkansas, desired to be in-
| formed by the Speaker what would be the regular
j order of business if the House refused to go into
i Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER said it would be the call of the
committees for reports.
Mr. JOHNSON hoped, he said, that the com-
mittees would be called.
The SPEAKER, (reminding Mr. J. that no re-
marks weie in order) stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr.
Crowell,] that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. CROWELL now waived the motion (in-
tending to renew it, he said) to enable the gentle-
man fiom South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to make a
report.
THE GALPHIJV CLAIM.
Mr. BURT rose, and said that he was instructed
by the committee, appointed by the House to in-
vestigate the conduct of George W. Crawford, Sec-
retary of War, in i elation to the Galphin claim, to
make a report.
Mr. B. then read as follows:
The Select Committee to nive^n-jare the relation and con-
duct el George W Crawford, fcsecietary ot War. toward the
Galphin claim, report:
Tliat the committee aie of opinion that the resolution of
the Ilouse re^-tucts tlinir inquiry to ilje relation and conduct
of the saifl Geoijze VV. Cravvtoid towatd that denton, and
doe? not authorize tliem to iuqune whether there was any-
thing unusual or unpioper its allowing inteieat on the same j
and they a^k the uu-tiuction ot the ilouse.
I will now ask (continued Mr. B.) that the
resolution, under which this committee was ap-
pointed, be read to the House from the Journal of
the House.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to read the
said resolution.
And it was read from the Journal, to the effect
that a sclcct committee of nine be appointed by
the Chair to investigate the relation and conductof
George W. Crawford, Secretary of War, toward
the Galphin claim, &c.
The reading having been concluded,
Mr. BURT proceeded. I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, on behalf of the committee, that they do
not desire any enlargement of the duties confided
to them by this House, and that they have seen
nothing in the investigation which they iiave
made, to induce them to apply to this House for
an extension of their powers; and, on behalfof
that committee, I feel it to be my duty to protest
against inferences of any kind being drawn from
the present application. But the committee
cannot close their ears to that which everybody
hears in and out of this House, and they desire to
know what the extent of their power is; for I-
am sure that every member of the House, on hear-
ing the resolution, and the application of the Sec-
retary of War, must believe that their powers do
not extend beyond an inquiry into the relations? and
conduct of the Secretary of War toward that
claim. That is the duty which I am charged by
th-e committee to perform; and in the language of
the report, they ask the instruction of the House,
in respect to the interpretation of their powers
and duties. They are content to perform the duty
as defined by the resolution. They shrink from
the performance of no duty which the House* may
think proper to devolve upon them; but they wish
it to be distinctly understood that they do not ask
that their duties may be increased, or their powers
enlarged. The committee desire to take the in-
structions of the House, as they think that in a
case of this kind, or m any other case, it is the
privilege of a committee to do, before their final
action on the matters referred to them is submitted
to the House.
Mr. MOORE said that he was aware that cer-
tain reports were in circulation in legard to this
matter, and thai, as a friend of the Administration,
he would move that the committee have power to
inquire into all the circumstances connected with
the interest upon the claim referred to.
Mr. CROWELL. And with power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. MOORE. Certainly.
Mr. CARTTER was understood to say, and
also to inquire, whether the allowance was au-
thorized by precedent.  
• Mr. MOORE. I desire to cover the whole
ground.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will reduce
his motion to writing.
Mr. MOORE did so.
And the resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the select committee, appo-med on the 3d
of April instant, and authonzed to inquire into ali the eitcurn
star.ee* attending the all wance o{ n t*-r**-t on the "Galphin
claim," be empowered to send f r persons and papers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked that the
order of the House under which the committee
had been appointed might be again read.
The resolution was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. SWEETSER said that he had the other
day asked the unanimous consent of the House to
offer two resolutions which he now held in his
hand. Pie had risen at this time for the puipose
i of proposing that the substance of these two reso-
lutions should be sent as instructions to this spe-
cial committee, in order that the House might
understand what the propositions were, which he
had attempted to introduce on a former day, he
would read them, reserving to himself the privilege
so to amend them as to meet the point which ft©
was now making. Probably the last clause might
be going further than the special committee would
desire to go. Mr. S. then read the following res-
olutions, heretofore offered by him, but not enter-
tained by the House:
Resolved. That the Spcretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to tins House the amount of money paid
outot the TreaMjjy as interest upon the claim commuily
known as the "Galphin OUtnj," and whethei the interest
teeently paid on ?aid claim was provided for bv law; and
al-o the si vera! sums (if any) paid out of the Treasury as 
interest upon other claims, under the opinion ot Uie Attor-
ney Geneial, sanoe the 4th of March, JS49.
Resohcd That the Committee Wa\s and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending the
pawn nt of mteieft upon claims, the principal of which hit*
i hern heieiolore paid, and upon ail other claims not -peeiaily
j provided hy law.
I The first of these resolutions (Mr. S. proceeded
| to say,) he shuuld modify so as to meet the views
I of the chairman of the sriect committee, [Mr.
j Burt,] by striking out so much as related toother
: claims, because othciwise it might he traveling
I beyond the object for which the committee had
i been appointed; but inasmuch as the payment of
, this claim had startled the whole country, and as it
' had introduced a newpriiicipleiutothe admmistra-
: tion of this Government, he desired that athorough
i examination of the facts and circumstances con-
i nected with it should be made. He had been
informed that there were now in process of pre-
sentation to this Government, under the authority
of the allowance m this ca&e, claims to an amount
which would involve the treasury of thi^ nation
to an extent sufficient, perhaps, to bring it to the
verge of bankruptcy. The whole country had
been astonished and alarmed at the amount
which had been paid upon this claim. He ap-
