*812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept 14,
• So the amendment of Mr. Vinton was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
Mr. JONES called for the reading.
The resolution as amended was again read.
Mr. HALL made a remark not audible at the
reporter's desk.
Mr. BAYLY asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
now to move that the resolution be laid upon the^
table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move that
the whole subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLEN (not hearing the Speaker's reply)
repeated his question.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is in order. If it should be agreed to, it will
carry to the table the report and the resolution.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the whole subject
' be laid upon the table.
There was much confusion in the Hall. Some
time elapsed in the restoration ol order—the
Speaker giving notice, that if conversation was
not suspended, and members did not take their
seats, the Speaker would be compelled to call them
by their names.
Mr. MEADEinquired of the Speaker, whether,
if the resolution was laid upon the table, the re-
port would also take that direction.
The SPEAKER explained that it would.
The question, " Shall the whole subject be laid
upon the table?" was then taken and decided in
the negative, without a division.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should notrbe laid upon the-table.
The question then again recurred on the adop-
tion of the resolution as amended, and being taken
resulted—yeas 93, nays 90; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
Baker, Bayly, Bennett, Bokee, Breck, Brtggs, Brooks, Bur-
rows, Chester BulU'r, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Calvin,Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Clinaman, Cole,
Corwm, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixori, Duncan, Eliot,
Alexaudei Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry,
Gilbert, Gott, GouM, Grinnell, Hampton, Hay, Hayrnond,
Hebard, Henry, Hilhard, Houston, Howe, William T.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Keir, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, Horace Maun, Marshall, Matteson,
McGaunhey, MiKissoek, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, l'hcemx, Pitman,
Powell, Putnam, Reed, Root, Rose, Rumt-ey, Sackeu,
Schenck, Scheimerhorn, Sehoolci aft, Silvester, Spr.igue,
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens,Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurnian, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill,
Vinton, Walking, While, Williams, and Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, A*he, Averett, Bay, Beale,
Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Rowlin, AlbertG. Brown, William
J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter,
Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coleoek, Dnmmck,
Disney, Dunham, Edinurid-ori, Ewing, Fealherston, Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Giltnore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton,
Isliam G. Harris, Sampson W, Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere, Lieffter,
liiltlelield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernarid, McDonald, Mc-
Jjanahan, McMullen, McWiIhe, Meade, Miller, Millson,
Morris, Orr, Paiker, Peo-slee, Phelps, Potter, Richardson,
Kobbms, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Venalile, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Went worth, Whittlesey, Wiidrick, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—90.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
At a subsequent stage of the day's proceedings—
Mr. CLINGMAN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to change his vote on the amend-
ment. He had voted m the negative under a
misapprehension of the question. He should have
voted m the affirmative.
The SPEAKER put the question, and stated
that the change of the vote would not affect the
result.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
BAYLY and CLINGMAN.
Objection being made the vote was not changed.
VIRGINIA CLAIMS.
Mr. HALL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to give notice that he would hereafter
ask leave to introduce a bill, entitled " A bill in re-
lation to the claims of Virginia officers for half
Pajvir. VINTON. I hope the Speaker will pro-
ceed to call the committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
notice of the bill indicated by the gentleman from
Missouri? [Mr. Hall.]
No objection having been made, the notice was
given and was ordered to be entered on the Journal.
Mr. DUNHAM gave notice under the rule that
he would, at an early day, ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution relative to the payment of claims
under the 3d section of an act, approved July 5,
1832, entitled " An act to provide for liquidating
and paying certain claims of the State of Vir-
ginia."
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct (among others) the
bill in relation to fugitive slaves. And the bill
received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution from the
Committee on the Judiciary. It was, he said, a
matter in which humanity was concerned, and he
hoped that there would be no objection to it.
Mr. VINTON. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. BAYLY, (to the Speaker.) Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. VINTON. I move that the House proceed
with the call of the committees for reports.
The question was stated to be on the motion of
Mr. Bayly.
Mr. VINTON. I hope it will not be agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, (to the Speaker.) Is the bill for
the pay of members on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. That bill is on the Speaker's
table. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and the~vote stood—ayes 55; noes 80.
Tellers were asked and refwsed.
So the House refused to proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports, commencing where the call
was last suspended.
POST OFFICE BILL
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which had been referred the bill making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department, which had been returned from the
Senate, with amendments, reported back the said
amendments, with a recommendation that they be I
concurred in by the House. j
Mr. BAYLY. The only change 
Several Voices. Let the amendments be read.
Mr.-BAYLY. > I will suggest that it is hardly
worth while to detain the House with reading
them. The only amendment of any consequence
is one making the appropriations specific, as was
attempted in this House, instead of making them
in the lump. Some other changes there are, but
not of much moment. The appropriations are
reduced ten thousand dollars.
The SPEAKER. The amendments must be
reported to the House, unless by unanimous con-
sent the reading should be dispensed with. Does
any gentleman call for the reading?
No member having called for the reading— _
The question was taken, and, withouta division,
the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BAYLY, from theCommittee of Ways and
Means, reported back wnh amendments, and asked
a concurrence therein, Senate bill entitled "An
act making an appropriation for a custom-house at
Bangor, in the State of Maine;" which bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
back with amendments the House bill authorizing
the erection of a custom-house in the city of Cin-
cinnati; which bill and amendments were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill authorizing the erection of a custom-house
in the city of St. Louis, which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
THE TARIFF.
The Committee of Ways and Means having
been called— . .
Mr. TOOMBS said, be held m his hand a reso-
lution from the Committee of Ways and means*
Since that resolution was agreed to by the com-
mittee, a great change had taken place in the pub-
lic mind, his own with the rest, as to the propriety
of its passage. He would, however, send it to
the Chair to be reported in pursuance of the order
of the committee.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Means, to which
was referred several petitions and memorials rela-
ting to the tariff, beg leave to report:
Resolved, That, in the judgment of the committee, ft is in-
expedient at this time to attempt any legislation upon the
subject of altering the existing duties on imports.
The report having been read—
Mr. VINTON said, I move to amend the report
by striking out all after the word " resolved," and
insert the following:
« That the Committee of Ways and Means be instructed
to report on Tuesday next, at the hour of half-past eleven
o'clock, a. m., a bill in the words following, to wit;
'< Be it enacted hj the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress a$$e>nblrd, That
the proviso of the second section of the act ot Congress,
entitled {An act making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic exppns-es of Government tor the ypar fnding the
30th June, 1847, and for other purposes," approved on the
lOthdavof August, 1846, ehall he construed to require the
appraisers m appraising all goods, wares, and merchandise,
imported after thirty dav« from the passage of this act,jinto
any port of the Ui.iied States, to adopt the average market
value of similar articles, in the principal ports ot theUruted
States, during the year ending the 30th day of June, 1846,
under such general resulations to be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury as shall prevent frauds and under-
valuations, and secure a uniform valuation throughout the
United States* Provided, however, That in no case shall
duties be assessed on a valuation less than the market value
of the article in the principal ports of the United States, at
the time of entry."
Mr. VINTON. I will send up to the Chair the
section proposed to be amended, so that the House-
may have it before them:
" Provided, Said salary shall not commence, or appoint-
ment take effect, prior to the thirtieth of November next,
and in appraising all goods at any port of the United States,
heretofore subjected to specific; duties, hut upon which ad
valorem duties are imposed by tllft act of the 30th July last,
entitled " An act reducing the duty on imports and for other
purposes," reference shall be had to values and invoices of
similar good's imported during the last fifeal year, under such
general'and uniform regulations for the prevention of fraud
orundet valuation as shall be prescribed by the Secretary ot
the Treasury."
Mr. V. This is one of those propositions that
everybody can understand. We have not time to
discuss it. 1 therefore move the previous question.
Mr. HALL. I move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER propounded the question, Shall
there be a call of the House ?
The question being taken—
The SPEAKER said, it appeared to be decided
in the negative.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 84, nays 101;as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertsori, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Booth, A G. Brown,W. J. Brown.Buei, Jo-
seph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Campbell, Cleveland, W.
R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Durkce,
Esvin", Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gorman, Gieen, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Miam G. Harris, ~amp-on W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, ilibbaid, Hoagland, Holladay,
Holmes,Howaid, Inge, Joseph VV. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, Jones,Julian, Kaufman,Pteston King,La Sfere, Leffit'r,
Littlefleld, MeCleruatid, McDowell, Meljanahan, McMul-
len, McQueen,Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Orr, Parker,
Peaslec,Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robinson, Root,Ross,
Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Riehaid H[ Stan-
ton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Vei.able, Vt atdo,
Wallace. Wellborn, W"nUvorth, Whittlesey, Wiidrick,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bteck, Briggs,
Brooks, Bui rows, Chester Kutler, Thomas B. Butler, Jo-
seph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
 " V. n ^.nll nohirvrt? Ptivon
Olmeman, Cole, Corwm, Crow^n,Deberry, Dickey, Dixon,
Duncan, Edmundson. EHot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans Fowler, Freediey, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore, Gott,
Gould Gnaneli, Hampton, Hay,Haymond, Hebard, Hfjnry,
HilSiard Houston, fiowe, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, George G.
Kins James G. Kim;, John A. King, Horace Mann, Job
Mann Marshall, Matteson, McGaujjhey, McKissock. Mea< fl-
am Moore, Moreh^ad, Morton, Nehou, Oj;ie, Oti^, Outlaw,
Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Robbins, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silve^r,
Sprague, Stanly, A. H. Stephens Thaddeu*- Stevens, Tay-
lor, James Thomp-on, John B. Thompson, 'i hurman.
Toombs, Turk, Underhill, Vinton, Walden, White, and
Williams—101.
So the House refused a call.
