718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
prehended that the House would desire to know
all that had been done by this Administration
since it came into^power, in respect to this class
of claims. Of the particular case of the Secretary
of War, or of the facts relating to the allowance,
he knew nothing beyond what he, in common
with others, had seen in the newspapers; but all
would concur that the allowance of that claim
had been made under circumstances which had
compelled the Secretary of War to ask for a com-
mittee of investigation. Rumor had gone further,
and had said that the allowance of that claim had
produced a schism among the confidential advisers
of the President.
Mr. CASEY made a question of order, not pre-
cisely heard by the reporter, but which was over-
ruled by the Chtiir. '
Mr. SWEETSER said he had no desire to tres-
pass upon the time of the House, or the feelings of
members. He was sure that the gentlemen on the
other side of the House would not interpose any
objection to a thorough and searching investigation
into the facts of the case, that the country might
know whether the Secretary, who had invited
this investigation, was right or wrong. This was
due to the country, without reference to party dis-
tinctions. If there had been anything wrong in
the transaction, the party in power he was sure
would not wish to shield the Secretary. The
most superficial observer of passing events could
not fail to have seen that, in consequence of the
payment of this claim, the Cabinet had become
alarmed. Under the influence of that alarm, one
of its members had applied to this House for an
investigation, and it was due to the whole country
that the wrong, if wrong there had been, should
be brought to the full light of day. The people,
whose interests were at stake, demanded this much
and would be content with no less. As one of
their Representatives, he desired to see that inves-
tigation made, that the country might know
whether claims, which had already been liquidated
and paid, were to be pressed upon the country
through the instrumentality of the confidential
advisers of the Piesident. He wished to go into
the whole matter. He cared not how much power
might be given to this committee. He desired
that they might enter into this entire class of cases,
and see how far the present Administration had
gone in the payment of these claims. But, he re-
peated, he would modify his resolution so as to
meet the views of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Burt,] chairman of the select com-
mittee.
Mr. BURT said he had risen merely to state 
The SPEAKER interposed, and inquired if the
gentleman from Ohio [Air. Sweetser] proposed
any amendment5
Mr. SWEETSER. Yes; I propose to offer
my resolutions as an amendment to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moore.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will send up his amendment, that the House may
understand what it is. The Chair was of the im-
pression, from hearing the gentleman read it, that
some of it was out of order.
[Mr.Sweetzer was preparing his amendment.]
Mr. BURT again addressed the Chair.
The SPE AKER suggested to the gentleman the
propriety of not entering into debate until the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio was before
the House.
Mr. BURT said he did not wish to debate. He
merely desired to protest here, in the presence of
the House, that the gentleman from Ohio had to-
tally misunderstood him, if he supposed that he
(Mr. B.) had any proposition on this subject to
submit to the House in behalf of the select com-
mittee; he had none. As he had before said, they
were quite content to discharge the duty that had
been devolved upon them by the House, and they
would be very glad to have the authority of the
House that their duties should be confined to this
particular subject. He had merely risen to say,
what he did now say, that he had not, on the part
of tiie committee, nor on his own part, any sug-
gestion to make which should invite any enlarge-
ment of its power. The committee had authorized
him to (pake this statement to the House, and he
did so with the greatest pleasure.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, addressed
the Chair.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman from
to suspend his remarks, stating that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] had
submitted an amendment, which ought to be in
possession of the House, before any remarks were
made.
A momentary pause ensued.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a ques-
tion of order. It was very plain, he said, that
much of the time of the House might be con-
sumed in drawing up amendments, and suspends
ing the proceedings of the House while they were
being prepared. The question of order which he
submitted was, whether a proposition which had
been proposed to be offered, but was not in pos-
session of the Chair, was in order at all ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
would be for the House to' decide how far they
would indulge the gentleman from Ohio in drawing
up his amendment. The gentleman from Ohio
had proposed to offer an amendment, and the
Chair had desired the gentleman to reduce it to
writing, that the purport of it might be distinctly
understood by the House, and that it might be
decided whether it was in order before the debate
proceeded.
Mr. JOHNSON said it was not from any indis-
position at all to have the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio received, that he had raised the
point of order, but simply because he thought
there might be a much better proposition pre-
sented, and if any amendment were necessary,
he considered it more proper that it should come
from the other side of the House.
Mr. SACKETT called for the reading of the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moore.]
The resolution was again read.
Mr. SWEETSER having prepared his amend-
ment, now sent it up to the Clerk's table, where it
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the special committee heretofore appointed
by the House to investigate the case of the payment ot tiie
interest oil the claim, commonly known as the "Galphin
Claim," shall investigate whether the interest, recently paid
on said claim, was provided for by law, and also as to the
several sums, if any, paid out of the tieasury as interest
upon other claims, under opinions of the Attorney-General,
since the fourth day of March, 1849.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (who was
entitled to the floor,) said he had risen simply for
thfe purpose of saying that he preferred the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
He thought it gave the committee sufficient power.
He did not think this committee should be in-
structed as a general committee to every case of
claims of this character which had been allowed.
It would be too large a field of investigation.
Mr. SWEETSER, (in his seat.) They would
all naturally fall under the same investigation.
Mr. THOMPSON. I prefer the resolution of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It would be
more satisfactory to me in one respect, if the gen-
tleman would modify it so as to refer to the pay-
ment of principal and interest.
Mr. MOORE accepted the suggestion, and
modified his resolution accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON said he should object to any
investigation as to the conduct of the Congress
which passed the bill. It would be an unprece-
dented thing, to enter into an inquiry as to the
conduct of their predecessors—gentlemen, many
of whom were not now in Congess, and would
have no opportunity of defending themselves if
their action should be called in question. He
hoped that the committee would investigate how
the law had beer, executed, what amount of prin-
cipal and what of interest had been paid, to whom
it had been paid, and in what manner the persons
were entitled to receive it. These inquiries he un-
derstood to be embraced in the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as it now stood.
Mr. MOORE, in accordance with the sugges-
tion of Mr. Thompson, further modified °his
amendment, by striking out that part which re-
ferred t.o the action of the Congress which had
passed the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he had not j
heard the resolution of the gentleman from Penn- '
sylvania read, but he understood, from the conver- i
sation which had taken place, that it had some '
reference to the action of Congress. I
_ Mr. MOORE, (in his seat.) No. I do not in-j
sist upon that pait. I
Mr. JOHNSON said, for one, he thought such
an inquiry ought to be made, so that if there had |
been anything wrong in the action of Congress,
that also might be brought out; and he had special
reasons for desiring the investigation to cover this
point.
Mr. THOMPSON retained the floor
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman from Missis-
sippi allow me to make one suggestion here?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi yield the floor ?
Mr. THOMPSON. Certainly.
Mr. BURT said he hoped the House would not
require the select committee already appointed, by
them, to investigate any other matters than that of
the Galphin claim, and the incidental questions
connected with it. It would be equivalent to de-
nying to the members of that committee the privi-
lege of th^ir seats in this hall, to require them to
investigate all the cases in which interest had been
allowed upon claims since this Administration had
come into power, and to determine whether the
action of the various departments upon them had
been correct or not. They could not execute such
a duty as that probably during the remainder of
the present session of Congress. As to the act of
Congress which authorized the examination and
adjustment of this Galphin claim, he was sure he
did not go too far when he said that the select com-
mittee would feel it to be their duty, under the
resolution of the House, under which they were
already acting, to inquire whether the Secretary
of War had had any agency in procuring an im-
proper act of Congress to be passed. Whether
members of Congress had acted improperly, he
trusted was an inquiry not to be committed to the
select committee. lie trusted that they would not
be encumbered by any of those inquiries which
did not belong to this particular question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. As I un-
derstand the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, as it has been modified, it proposes'
to investigate all the circum^tanccs relative to the
payment of the principal and interest on the Gal-
phin claim.
The SPEAKER. The resolution as modified
will be read to the House.
[The resolution was read, as given above.]
Mr. THOMPSON continued. Supposing that
the resolution, as it now stood, included the whole
history of the execution of the law, he was satis-
fied; and he had but one word to add, to express
the hope that gentlemen would not now engage in
a party debate on this subject. If it was to give
rise to acrimonious remarks on either side, he
hoped they would not now be indulged in, be-
cause he did not think the present was the proper
time for such a discussion. He would be perfectly
willingly to have the inquiry of the gentleman
from Ohio made, as to how many claims for in-
terest had been allowed, and also how many were
pending before the departments ; but he thought
they would be doing injustice to this case to mingle
with it the investigation of irrelevant subjects. He
would, therefore, suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio the propriety of withdrawing his amend-
ment.
Mr. SWEETSER said at the suggestion of the
gentleman from Mississippi he would withdraw
the amendment he had offered, and at the proper
time, when it should be in order, he would press
the consideration of the resolutions he had at-
tempted to offer the other day.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was happy at the
gentleman from Ohio so doing, and he trusted that
there would be no objections to the resolution of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as it now stood,
and no debate.
Mr. DUER said he thought there could be no
propriety in the House engaging in a premature
debate at this time, and that gentlemen on both
sides must be sensible of it; but as he saw they
were likely to run into a debate, he would move
the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER desired, he said, to make an in-
quiry ; arid he hoped the motion would be with-
drawn to allow him to do so.
The motion was not withdrawn.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the demand for the previous question.
Mi*. McLANE, of Maryland, asked that the
resolution might ae read before the question was
taken.
And the resolution was again read.
Mr. BRECK said, if the gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Duer] would withdraw the previous
