1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Sept. 14,
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 44, noes 82.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER now stated, that this being pri-
vate bill day, the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of business on the Speaker's table was not
in order, except by unanimous consent. And the
Speaker would have so ruled this morging had his
attention been called to the fact, that there were
any printed bills on the table.
Mr. POTTER asked the unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution, the object of which was un-
derstood to be to exempt the mail wagons of the
House from city license tax. He was understood
to say, that the Serjeant-at-Arms had been ar-
rested for refusing to pay the license tax levied by
the city authorities.
The reception of the resolution was objected to.
And the reading was objected to.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
The following bills from the Senate were taken
up, and
The Senate bill entitled " An act for the relief
of John M. Mcintosh," was read a first and sec-
ond time, by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Senate bill entitled " An act for the relief of
William Hardin," was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. HARALSON asked that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The CHAIR said that it contained an appropria-
tion of money, and must, therefore, be referred.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the bill was
then referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The Senate bill entitled " An act for the relief
of Lewright Browning," coming up in order, was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. SCHENCK asked that the bill be put on
its passage. He explained that the bill was in-
tended to grant a pension to the widow of Lieuten-
ant Browning, late of the navy, who wasdrowned
by the upsetting of a boat on the coast of Califor-
nia, a few months ago. Lieutenant Browning was
" engaged under the command of Lieutenant Btiche,
in the survey of that coast. Both these Lieuten-
ants were drowned. As Lieutenant Bache was
acting under orders, his widow was entitled to re-
ceive a pension; but Lieutenant Browning, who
was on leave of absence, had volunteered his ser-
vices on the solicitation of Lieutenant Bache; and
not being technically under orders when lost, his
widow was not entitled to a pension. Orders,
however, had been transmitted to him by the de-
partment, but had not been received at the time of
the occurrence. This bill was in'tended to place
his widow on the same footing with the widow of
Lieutenant Bache. He hoped there would be no
objection to putting the bill on its passage. He
concluded by movingthe previous question; which
received a second, and the main question was or-
dered to be put.
The question was then put on ordering the bill
to a third reading, and carried in the affirmative.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved that the House adjourn.
The question was put, and decided in the negative.
The following Senate bills coming up in their
order, were read a first and second time, and re-
ferred as indicated below, viz:
An act to increase the pension of Isaac Watts
Griffith. On motion by Mr. LEFFLER, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth L. Blackburn.
Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
An act for the relief of the administrators of
Major Frederick D. Mills, deceased. Referred to
the Committee of Claims.
An art for the relief of Charles Kellett. Mr.
GRINNELL wished the bill to be put upon its
passage, but it was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act for the relief of Charles Lynch. On mo-
tion by Mr WALDO, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
An act for the relief of Charles Reeder and Wal-
ter R. Johnson, and the legal representatives of
Thomas P. Jones. On motion by Mr. DAN-
IEL, referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act granting a pension to John Leroy. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invaled Pensions.
An act for the relief of the American Coloniza-
tion Society. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The question recurred, and was taken, on the
motion of Mr. Bavly to proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table, and was
agreed to.  
PAY AND MILEAGE.
The first business was the consideration of the
bill of the House making appropriations to supply
a deficiency in the former appropriations for the
pay and mileage of the members of the present
Congress, which had been returned from the
Senate with amendments.
Several of the amendments were agreed to with-
out a division.
The following amendment of the Senate being
under consideration:
Strike out all after the word 'Provided'to the end of
line 13, and in lien thereof in-ert:
'• That the mileage or the Senators and Representatives
from California, anil the the Delegates from Oregon, be com-
puted according to the rao<t u=ual traveling route within the
limits of the United Slates ; and the per diem of Ihe said
Senators and Representatives, fortius session, shall com-
mence fiom the day on which the constitution or California
was first communicated to the two Houses of Congress, re-
spectively."
And the question being " Will the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate?"—
Messrs. CARTTER and McGAUGHEY de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the amendment.
It was lead.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " the usu-
ally traveled route," and inserting the words " in
accordance with the existing law, which provides
for the pay of the members of this House."
He said there was no reason for a discrimination
between the members. He wished the existing
law to apply to the members from California and
the Delegate from Oregon, in the same manner as
to the other members of the House.'
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, wished some
information as to the effect of this amendment—
whether it would increase the mileage of the Cali-
fornia members or not ?
Mr. HALL said the place in which he resided,
(St. Joseph,) was about cqui-distant from this
city and from San Francisco. *It was about two
thousand miles from here to St. Joseph. The
wKole effect of this amendment would be to give
these gentlemen twice the amout of mileage which
he (Mr. H.) received, white their expenses were
ten times as much.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does not
the Senate's amendment increase their compensa-
tion above that given by the bill of the House ?
Mr. HALL. Only about §800.
Mr. STEVENS. I am in favor of the Senate's
amendment.
Mr. HALL. So am I.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri speaks of his own mileage as a standard. I
wish to inquire what is the amount which he re-
ceives ?
Mr. HALL. About $1,670.
Mr. STEVENS (resuming) said, he was in fa-
vor of the Senate's amendment, and hoped it would
prevail. It gives the members from California no
more in proportion to the "distance traveled, than
the other members of the House received, and
they had a rough road to come. He objected to
discriminations, and urged that the same rule
should be applied to all the members of Congress.
Mr. CARTTER said he was altogether opposed
to the amendment of the Senate. It rested upon
a false basis. The Representatives from Califor-
nia would under it receive nearly two thousand
dollars more than was received by any of the
other members of that House; and for doing
what? For merely getting on board a steamer
and traveling for a week! Of what service was it
to the Government? It was merely for the conveni-
ence of the gentlemen themselves, that they might
reach their homes. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, (continued Mr. C.,) with this as the
basis for his reasoning, concludes that the Delegate
from Oregon and the Representativss from Cali-
fornia should have twice as much as the other
members of this body. Assuming his basis of
reasoning to be true, I admit that the deduction is
correct. But the difficulty is that the basis is false
and erroneous. There is no more reason why
those gentlemen representing the remote parts of
this Republic should take out of the Treasury of
this Government a greater amount for this branch
of their compensation, than there is '*"1 §,v,nJ>
them an increased per diem allowance. The rule
relating to mileage ought to besuch that members
should receive compensation in proportions? the
expense of travel and the time consumed. Tins
the only correct basis. The House, in the bill as it
stood when sent to the Senate, undertook to cor-
rect the en6rmous inequality in the compensation of
members which now exists. It is true that it at-
tained but a slight approach to a correction of that
inequality; but it was, at all events, a beginning
of the correction of the evil, and now it pro-
posed to make a retrograde movement. It is an
evil which must sooner or later be corrected. The
people demand that it shall be; it is an injustice
towards all the other members on this floor.
There is no reason whatever why the gentlemen
from Virginia, who are within two days' travel of
their homes, should receive, as compensation for
their services in Congress, only fifty per cent, on
the amount received by the Representatives from
California. It is the grossest injustice towards
the other members that the Representatives from
California a*id Oregon should receive, merely be-
cause they have a week longer to travel, so large
a sum as $3,600—a sum so disproportionate to
that received by all the other members. As to
the additional expense to which they are subjected,
we have the statement of the Delegate from Ore-
eon, that the whole expense of travel to California
or Oregon does not exceed seven hundred dollars.
The cost of travel in going to and returning from
California and Oregon is daily becoming less, and
the journey is daily becoming more convenient
and comfortable; and yet, instead of putting them
on an equality with the other members of this
House, by giving them a reasonable allowance
for the additional distance, you propose to pay
them the enormous sum of $3,600. The difficulty
in the way of the whole of this reasoning is, that
it is based upon a wrong rule, and an arbitrary
one. The doctrine is, that inasmuch as you have
commenced a system of injustice and of wrong,
you must follow out that system of injustice and
wrong to whatever extent it may lead you. This
is the doctrine that is proposed by the Senates
amendment; and if 1 mistake not, it is intended to
cover up a matter in the other end of this Capitol
that may yet be brought to light.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said, he thought that
after the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, the
House was probably ready to vote upon, and to
adopt the amendment of the Senate. He would
therefore move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON remarked, that there seemed
to be two branches to the Senate s amendment,
one referring to the mileage, and the other to tne
time of the commencement of the per diem allow-
ance. He asked for a division of the question, so
as to take the vote separately upon each branch.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not examined
the amendment to see whether it is divisible.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment proposes,
not only to fix the mileage, but also the time from
which the per diem shall be calculated.
Mr. HARRIS. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that I
have not yielded the floor, and I have asked for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been moved.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
point of order. He desired to know if there wa3
not in the amendment of the Senate an increase of
appropriation? . .
The SPEAKER. There h no appropriation
either in the bill or the amendments. ^ It merely
fixes the basis upon which the appropriations shall
be made. , .
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to theamendmentproposed by Mr. Presto*? King,
and it was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment ot tne
Senate—
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
They were ordered, and the question being taken,
the result was—yeas 70, nays 98; as follow*.
YEAS-—Messrs. Andrews, Baker, Beaie, Bissell, Bokee,
