?20
THE CONGRESSIONAL . GLOBE.
April 12.
of White Lake, in the State of Michigan, against the ad-
Bussiun of Any State hereafter into ihe Union; unless slavery
is *ycpres«ly prohibited by its constitution.
Also,'the petition of Robert Gamer, and 50 other citizens
af the towufhip aforesaid, praying thai provision may be
made to give a trial by jury to persons claimed as fugitive
slaves. . ,
Also, a petition of the same persons, praying for the
repeat of all laws sanctioning slavery and the slave trade in
the District ol Columbia.
-Ako, a petition of ihe same persons, praying that sla-
very 'and the slave trade in all the territories of the United
States ni'iy be expressly prohibited.
Also, the petition of 54 citizens of the township of Hart-
ley, in the Stato of Michigan, for the prohibition of slavery
and, the slave trade in all the territories of "the United States.
-Alto, a petition of the same persons, that a trial by
jury may be granted to persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the remonstrance of the same persons against the
admission of mote slave States into the Union. -
ALo, the petition of the same persons for the repeal of
all laws sustaining slavery and the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of Rich-
aul Pike and U2 oilier?, citizens of Doicheater, Massachu-
setts, proving for cheap postage.
Also, of George Window and 33 others, citizens of Dux-
burv, Massa husetts for the same purpose.
Al-o, of Jesse Ambrose and 4£ oilier*, of Sandwich, New
Hampshire, for the same object.
Also, of Ebenezer Alden and 9 others, citizens of Ran-
dolph, Massaehiw tts, for ihe same object.
Als<>, the ppution of S. D. Southwoith arid 70 others, citi-
zens of Franklin, Massachusetts, praying for ihe abolition
of siaveiy, in the Di^tiict of Columbia. Also, of the same
per.-ous, praying that no more slave States may be ad-
mitted into the Union. Also, Ihe petition of the same
persons, that a trial by jury may be granted to all persons
arrested a- fuunive slaves*.
Also, ihe petition of fteubpn Whitcomb, jr., and 41 otheis,
citizens of Harvard, Massachusetts, pra> ing lor the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. Al.-o, the petition of
the same persons, praying for the prohibition of slavery in
the ten amies. Al&o, ihe peution of the same persons, ptay-
ln' that no more &lave States may be admitted into the
Union.
By Mr. CLEVELAND- The petition of citizens of
Hampton, Connecticut, lor trial by jury lor alleged fugitive
slaves.
AI o, the petition of the same, against the admission of
nnv more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of the same, (or the repeal of all laws
enacted for the support of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia
Also, the petition of the same, that slavery and the slave-
trade may be prohibited in all ihe territories ol the United
St-ites.
By Mr. NELSON : The petition of Mary Ann Williams,
in behah of the e&tat^ of her late father, John Rose, for le-
lief.
JRv Mr. DURKEE: The petition of citizens of Wisca=set,
in the State of Maine, tor the establishment and protection
of freedom in the territories.
AL«o, a petition of the same, against the admission of
any more slave States into the Union.
Also, a petition of the same, for the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted by CongiesS for the support of slavery in
the DibtnN of Columbia.
AI«o, a petition of the same, in favor of securing to al-
leged fugitives the right of trial by jury.
By Mr. WELLBORN: The petition of S. T. Bailey, R. R.
and W. H. Hive*, C. U.Cole, ami other*, praviug the altera-
tion of the hue by which the Slate of Geoi«ia is divided into
federal judicial districts, and the iemov.il of the place of
holding the court in the noi them district from Mdiiciia to
Mat-on.
By Mr. MEACIIAM: The memorial of citizens of Chit-
tenden county, "VYimont, who were volunteers in the battle
of Pmttsbuig, a-4ung compensation for services.
By Mr. ROCKWELL : The peution of C. B. Culver and
3.) nthei-, of Massachusetts, for the repeal ot a patent re-
issued 10 Charles Goodyear.
By Air. J. A. KING: The petition of sundry inhabitants
ot Long Island, New Yoik, for a bght-hou*e on Guidinei'*;
Island, and lor four buoys m Greenport harbor.
fN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 12, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of New York, recommending
their Senators and Representatives in Congress to
use their best efforts to procure the passage of a
law which shall reduce the postage chargeable on
all letters, for all distances, to five cents the half
ounce; and in cases where letters are prepaid at the
office wheie deposited, a further reduction to two
cents per half ounce; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition of citizens of Oriskaney, New
Yoik, asking a reduction of postage to two cents
on the half ounce for ail prepaid letters.
Also, of seven hundred citizens of the State
of New York, in favor of a like reduction; which
several petitions were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Almanzor
Houston, asking compensation for carrying the
mail; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the joint resolutions of the Legislature of j
Texas, in favor of the settlement of the claims of
certain volunteers of that State, for services ren-
dered in suppressing Indian hostilities on the west-
ern frontier of Texas, in the years l848-'49; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed..
Also, a memorial of the Legislature ofTexas, ask-
ing the reimbursement of expenses incurred by that
State in providing military defences on the frontier
in 1848; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs^and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
citizens of Iowa, asking the establishment of an ad-
ditional land district in that Stale; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives of that State in
Congiebs to use their exertions to procure the en-
actment of a law granting compensation in bounty
lands, or money, to all commissioned officers in
the late war with Mexico below the grade of
a brigadier-general; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of the same State, in favor of
a law to procure a grant of public lands for the es-
tablishment of agricultural schools in that State,
and a donation of land to the Michigan Agricul-
tural Society, and to use their exertions to procure
the establishment of a bureau of agriculture m the
Department of the Interior; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the same State, in favor of
the adoption of measures for acquiring the right to
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence river;
which was leferred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Jackson, Michi-
gan, asking that the debates and proceedings of
the Senate may be published in phonetic charac-
ter; which was ordered to he on the table.
Also, of citizens of Union township, Michigan,
asking that the right of trial by jury may be ex-
tended to fugitive slaves, arrested in any other
State than that in winch their service is claimed;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented five several petitions,
viz., three from the State of .New York, and one
from the State of Ohio, and one from the State
of Pennsylvania,asking that the right of trial by
jury may be securtd to fugitive slaves, arrested
in any other State than that m which their seivice
is claimed.
Also, four several petitions of citizens of the
State of New York, asking that slavery and the
slave trade may be abolished in the District of
Columbia, or the seat of Government removed
therefiom.
Also, four several petitions of citizens of New
York, asking that no State may be hereafter ad-
mitted into the Union whose constitution does not
expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, four petitions irom the same State, asking
that sLivery and the slave trade may be prohibited
in all the territories of the United States; all of
which petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Oideied, That tne memorial of John P. Walbach, on the
files ot the Senate, be referred to the Cormnuiee on xVlilitary
All .ilia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate of the 19th of March, in relation to a
change of the port of entry in the district of Ver-
mont, reported a bill to make Burlington, in the
State of Vermont, a port of entry and delivery,
instead of A lburg, in said State; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
memorial of Enoch Baldwin, praying a return of
duties wrongfully exacted, reported a bill for the
relief of Enoch Baldwin and others; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. TURNEY, m pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill supplement-
ary to the $et entitled t4 An act for the payment
of horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the military service of the United States," ap-
proved March 3d, 1849; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PORT OP ENTRY AT MILWAUKEE.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to make a word of
explanation with regard to what transpired yester-
day, having reference to myself. I have received
a letter from Mr. Rockwell, the Commissioner of
Customs, in which he alludes to my remarks made
yesterday, and desires to be exculpated to the
same extent that my remarks would seem to in-
culpate him; and I cheerfully do so. I therefore
ask that the letter I have received may be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office Com. Customs, rfjml 12,1850.
Sir: In the report of your remarks in the Senate je^ter-
day I notice that >ou are under an impression that your
« bill to establish a port of entry at Milwaukee, in the State
of-Wisconsin," had been referred to this office. 1 take
occasion to say that I have not seen it, nor have I been con-
sulted upon the subject, except by yourself; nor has any
such bill been prepared or amended in this office.
With this explanation, I trust you will relieve me from
the unpleasant imputation contained in the f Mowing sen-
tence: "But when a bill is sent to a committee, it is its
duty to keep track of the original bill, and the Commissioner
of Customs has no right to smuggle in a new bill."
I am, very re pecttully3 your obedient servant,
' C. W. ROCKWELL,
Commissioner oj Customs.
Hon. I. P. Walker,
Senate of the United States,
Mr. WALKER. I find by, reference to my re-
marks, as reported in the Intelligencer, which are
correct, that I made use of the expression " Com-
missioner of Customs" instead of " Secretary of
the Treasury." I called on the Commissioner of
Customs, and he toid me that the bill had not
come before him, but when it should, he would
give it proper attention, and would suggest any-
thing that might advance the interest of the port
of Milwaukee. I find, on referring to the report
of the remarks of my colleague yesterday, that
he speaks of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
not of the Commissioner of Customs, and that,
consequently, when I used the expression which
I did, in reference to the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, I did him injustice. But I now remark, that
the Secretary of the Treasury has no right to sup-
press original bills, referred to a committee, and
sent to him for his advice; and I again repeat my
request, that the Committee on Commerce should
call for the original bill, and if it be in existence,
that they should report it back, that we may see
whether the amendments suggested by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury are appropriate or not. Sir,
there is no power—no right in any committee, orin
any department, to suppress an original bill intro-
duced here, if it contain but an enacting clause
and its title. And if that had been all that there
was of my bill, I wish to see it reported back to
the Senate. 1 am perfectly willing that men should
make themselves great—to that I have no earthly
objections; but I am by no means willing that
they should do itat the expense of my humble ef-
forts; and the press of Wisconsin shall not do me
injustice without this thing being probed to the
bottom.
SYNOPTICAL INDEX TO LpS.
Mr. BENTON. I move that the resolution,
which I submitted some days since, to authorize
a contract with Little & Brown for printing an
index to the statutes, be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
tocontuct with Messrs.Little & Brown lor twelve hundred
and fifty copies of the synoptical index prepared by direction
of the Senate, and to embiace in addition the laws of the
present session ot Congress,iit a price not exeetdi ntj three
dollars a volume, printed and bound in the style ol the Stat-
utes at Laige, published undei the authoniy oi Congress by
said Little &. Brown.
Mr. KING. I desire an explanation of this
subject. In all cases of this kind it is proper to
have an examination, by a committee, that they
may ascertain the necessity, in the first place, for
the work, and in the next place may learn the ac-
tual cost of the work; because a limitation, how-
ever high, will be the extent to which the individual
will go. I think it will be better to change the
character of the resolution, and send it to a com-
mittee, that they may ascertain all the facts before
we act on it, and incur any expense that might be
saved by examination. This is the usual course,
we know; and the gentleman knows we were in-
volved in a most enormous expense for a work
which, if it had been carried out according to the
