..-yy*
11-«
1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*51*
BoydjBriggs, W.J. Brown, Burrows, Calvin, Casey, Chand-
ler, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Dun-
can, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry, Gould, GrinneH, Hall, T. L.
Hairis, Haymond, Henry, Holmes, Howaid, W T. Jackson,
Robert W. johnson, Kerr, George G. King, J iraes G. King,
John A. King, Preston Kin , La Sere, Lt-ffler, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, McCJerriand, McWiilie, Meachain, Moore,
Morse, Morton, Ogle, Orr,Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Sehenck,
Saekett, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester,
Sprague, Stanly. Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Taylor, Thurrnan, Tuck, Underhrtl, and White—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson, Alexander, Anderson, Ashe,
Ashinun, Averett, Bayly, Bingham, Booth, Bowlin, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Cartter, Clarke, Cleveland, Clingman, W. "R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, Deberry, DimmicK, Dunham,Edmundson,
Eliot, Nathan Evans, Featherston, Freedley, Gentry, Git-
more, Gorman, Gott, Green, Hamilton, Haralson, Hailan,
Isham G. Harris, Samp«on W. Harris, Hay, Hebard, Hib-
bard, Koagland, Holladay, Howe, Habhard, Hunter, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Job Mann, Marshall,
Mason, Matteson, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughcy, Me-
Lanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Milter, Millson,
Morr-s, Nelson, Outlaw, Parker, Potter, Powell, Putnam,
Rted, Richardson, Rohbins, Robinson, Ro it, Ross, Rum-
sey, Savage, Sawtelle, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wiidrick, Williams,
Wood, Woodward, Wright, and Young—98,
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
The question now being on concurring in the
last -amendment of the Senate striking out the
clause appropriating $50,000 for books ordered for
new members of the present Congress, and in-
creasing the contingent fund of the House to that
amount, the question was put and the amendment
was concurred in, without a division .
On motion by Mr. WALDEN leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House, for the
purpose of presenting the same at the proper de-
partment, the papers in the case of Joseph Dana.
On motion, the House then adjourned till Mon-
day next.
IN SENATE. '
Saturday, September 14,1850.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
State, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 2d August, calling for a copy of the
report mode by the Rev. R. R. Gurley, who was
recently gent out by Government to obtain infor-
mation in respect to Liberia, in Africa, transmit-
ting a copy of said report.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table, and the motion to print was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives of that State
in Congress to use their exertions to procure grants
of land to each commissioned officer who served
in the army of the United States during the late
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented three several memo-
rials, numerously signed by citizens of the coun-
ties of Essex and Clinton, in the State of New
York, representing that the mountains of these
counties are filled with the richest iron ores and
covered with extensive forests; that upon the re-
duction of these ores with the wood of these for-
ests, by their labor, they depend for their support;
and that the low price of all kinds of iron in Eng-
land, during the years 1848 and 1849, has caused
excessive importations, which have so reduced the
market value of all kinds of iron in this country as
to threaten the ruin and prostration of ail engaged
in that branch of American manufactures. They
earnestly ask that Congress will levy an additional
duty on all foreign iron imported, and that the
duty be a specific sum on each two thousand pounds
imported, that the American producer may know
the amount of duty the foreigner has to pay to ,
get the surplus products of all other nations into
competition with the small fnanufactories and free
labor of this country. The memorials were re-
ferred to the Committee of Finance.
TREATY WITH CHINA.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee or\ the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the message of the
President of the United States, containing the re-
port of the Commissioner to China, in relation to
carrying into effect certain provisions of the treaties
between the United States and China, reported a
bill to repeal so much of the act approved the 11th
August, 1848, as extends the provisions thereof to
Macao; which was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The bill was then reported to the
Senate, and, no amendment being proposed, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the.petition of
James M. March, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
" to.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
resolution of the Senate, directing the Committee
on Military Affairs to inquire into the expediency
of granting: a pension to the widow of Lieutenant
Colonel uEneas Mackay, reported a general bill
en'itled <c A bill to provide pensions for the widows
and orphans of deceased officers and soldiers,"
and asked that it might have its second reading at
this time. There being no objection, the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill provides for five years' pensions to the
widows and orphans of officers and soldiers of the
United States.
The first section provides that if any officer,
non-commisstoned officer, artificer, farrier, black-
smith, musician, or private, belonging to the army
of the United States, or to the militia in the service
of the United States, whether by draft or by vol-
untary enrollment, shall be killed, or die by reason
of a wound received, or disease contracted, or in-
jury received while in the line of their duty, leaving
a widow, or-if no widow, a child or children,
under sixteen years of age, such widow, or if no
widow, su''.h child or children shall be entitled to
receive half the monthly pay to which the deceased
was entitled at the time of his death, the allowance
to continue for the term of five years thereafter.
The second section provides that if, before the
expiration of the said term"of fiveyears, the widow
should marry again, or die, leaving no children, or
there being no widow, if the child or children
should die before the expiration of the term of five
years, then, in either case, the half-pay allowance
shall cease. But if the widow, having been placed
on the pension roll, should die before the expira-
tion of the tferm of five years, leaving a child or
children, the half pay shall be allowed for the re-
mainder of the term to the child or children of the
deceased soldier, as thereinbefore provided.
The third section provides that if any officcr,
non-commissioned officer, artificer, farrier, black-
smith, musician, or private of the army of militia,
whilst in the service of the United States, shall,
since the seventh day of May, 1845, have been
killed in battle, or have died of wounds received m
the line of his duty, his widow or children shall be
entitled to the provisions of the foregoing sections,
subject to all the restrictions and limitations therein
contained.
Mr. CLAY. This is an important bill, and one
which should be printed and deliberately ex-
amined, before action is had upon it. With this
view, I move that it be laid on the table, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF REVENUE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he requested
to communicate to the Senate a copy or any reports* that
may have been made to the department upon the subject of
securing and collecting? the revenue from customs, and other
matters of public interest in California, hy anv official auent
appointed by paid department, accompanied by such su< -
puestions and recommendations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem advisable.
PROMOTIONS IN THE NAVY.
" Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
lay before the Senate the proceedings of a board of offi-
cers of the navy convened at Washington for the purpose of
advising in regard to promotions m the navy, and holden by
order of the Secretary of the Navy during the time George
•^anoroft, E«q., was Secretary of the Navy, or subsequent
to that time.
BILLS FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice asked and
obtained leave to introduce a'bill to provide for the
examination and settlement of titles and claims to
land in California; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill to establish certain light-houses, fog
signals, beacons, and buoys on the coast of the
State of California, and for the survey of the coast
and harbors ofsaid State; which was read a first and
econd time by its title and referred to the Commit-:
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill to provide for the survey of public
lands in California, the granting of donation of
rights therein, and the issuing of permits to Amer-
ican citizens to work the mines; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FREMONT, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to grant donations of land to the early, and pre-
emption rights to the subsequent settlers in Cali-
fornia; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
GOLD MINES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. FREMONT. Agreeably to previous no-
tice I ask leave to introduce " A bill to make
temporary provision for the working and dis-
covery of gold mines and placers in California,
and for perserving order in the gold mine dis-
trict." The bill is drawn up with a great deal
of care and deliberation. I have looked over the
Spanish laws, extending through the space of three
hundred years, and I have endeavored to embody
in this bill the essence of all that I considered ap-
plicable, and have adapted them to our institutions
as much as possible.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill, and it
was read a first and second time by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish offices of the
mint of the United States at Sacramento city and
at Stockton, in the St#te of California, for the pur-
pose of assaying and refining gold bullion.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution provi-
ding for the prompt execution of the printing of
Congress.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL:*
The following engrossed bill was read a third
time and passed:
A bill giving the assent of the United States to
an act of the General Assembly of Maryland,
passed at the December session of 1844, chap-
ter 287.
STATUE TO GENERAL JACKSON.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives
have passed a joint resolution relating to the
equestrian statue of General Andrew Jackson, in
which i am requested to ask the concurrence of the
Senate.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title.
On the motion of Mr BADGER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the joint resolution, which author-
izes the delivery of certain old copper as material
for the statue. Mr. Clarke Mills, the artist who
has been employed to cast the bronze statue of
Genera! Andrew Jackson, has been much delayed
for want of proper metal for the work. Some
short time since he received from the Government
a quantity of brass cannon, which were useless for
defence, but considered useful for the object in
view. Upon an analysis of the brass it was found
to contain an undue proportion of tin for the pur-
pose of casting ip bronze. There is in posses-
sion of the Government a quantity of old copper,
which would be available to -Mr. Mills, and the
brass is precisely suitable for the purpose of cast-
ing cannon.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, or-
dered to be read a third time, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
The enrolled bill entitled " An act respecting fu-
gitives from justice and persons escaping from the
service of their masters," was signed by the Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate.
