THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, B Y JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1850.
New Series.... No. 46.
contract, would have cost us millions of dollars;
and after all we brought it down to §450,000,
although Congress refused to appropriate $12,000
before the clause got into the bill.
M r. BENTON. All these are good suggestions
on the part of the Senator from Alabama; but I
will state briefly what in fact we all know about the
matter. Some years ago a resolution was adopted
by the House of Representatives, to authoiize the
preparation of a synoptical index to all the stat-
utes, and it was done, after a labor of three years,
and we have had the benefit of it. It has heen
exceedingly beneficial, because it was not a mere
reference to a law, but to the provisions of the law.
At the last session of Congress, I proposed that
that synoptical index should be continued down
to the present time, and that it should be double
indexed. The work has been accomplished; by
extraordinary exertion it has been prepared, and
it has laid upon the table for a month. It was [
on my motion that it was laid upon the table, be- j
cause I was unwilling that it should be sent to ;
the public printer, and printed in the manner in !
which the public documents are executed, I said |
here in my place that 1 wished it to lie on the ta- |
ble, until we could have some communication j
with some of the printers of law books, particu- !
larly with Little & Brown; and in consequencc of i
what I said, one of that firm came on here, and 1 j
referred him to the Secretary of the Senate, as I I
made no contracts for the Senate. He communi- l
cated with the Secretary, and examined the MSS., j
and he stated that it would make a volume of the '
ordinary size, which he was willing- to supply at i
§3 50 per volume. The Secretary, however, would I
not agree to those terms, because the printer was !
to have an advantage in the work. The volume I
will, to be sure, consist of much rule and figure j
•work; but as the publishers will be interested in |
it,they ultimately consented to furnish twelve hun- 1
dred and fifty copies, at $3 a copy, and to execute
it in a good and substantial manner. The Senator j
from Alabama and myself cordially concur in many
things, and in none more than in guarding against
abuses. In this case, 1 do not propose that the
Senate shall publish this work for distribution
like public documents; I simply propose to sup-
ply the Senate, and to let the booksellers supply
the wants of the community. I hope the resolu-
tion will be adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, here is
a volume of the laws of the United States> the title
of which I wish to read to the Senate:
" By authority of Congress, the Public Statutes at Large oi
the United States of America, from the organization of the
Govt rnmeut, in 1789, to March 3, 1S45, arranged in chrono-
logical order, with reference to the matter ot <-ach act and
the ?tjb>equerit acts on the iame subjcct, and copmu* note?,
from the (iicisioiiss of the courts of the United £tat eon-
siden'ni; these acti, and upon the subject of the law-, with
an index to each volume, and a full general judex to the
whole work in the concluding volume, together with the
Declaiation of Independence, the Articles uf Confederation,
the Constitution of the United State?., and also tables in the
last volume, containing lit-ts of the nets relating to the judi-
ciary, imports, and tonnage, and the public lamK &c.;
edited by Richard Peter*, E*q., counsellor at law: volume 1.
Bot-ton : Charles S. Little and William Brown. The rights
and interes-ts of the United Stnte-s in the *tereotyped plates
from which this work is printed aie acknowledged. Pub-
lished aecoidiny to the piovisions of the joint resolutions
passed Match 3, io'lo.''
Now, sir, Messrs. Little &, Brown were the
publishers. I understand the gentleman's resolu-
tion to be, to pay them for a new index to this
work at the rate of three dollars per volume.
Here is a general index in tho last of these vol-
umes to the whole of the volumes, it being the
eighth. Now, sir, I am opposed to this resolution,
upon the ground that we have an index for each
of these volumes; and we then have a general
index in the last volume for the whole of them;
and I venture to say that if Messrs. Little &
Brown make another book containing another in-
dex, it will be just a compilation of all the indexes
of the preceding volumes, perhaps somewhat
amended by the general index in the eighth vol-
ume. I am unwilling to make any such book as
that. I pay my respects to the gentleman from
Missouri. 1 recollect very well, when endeavor-
46
ing to obtain some statistical information from
the Patent-Office a year ago, the honorable Sen-
ator thought when completed it would not be
worth moie than an old almanac. I do think that
these indexes when completed will be nothing more
than a mere compilation of old matter, and will cost
the country some four or five thousand dollars.
Now, when this new index is brought forward
it will be useless, unless you have the volume at
hand for the law you want. The publishers of
this old woik, Messrs. Little <5i Brown, who have
already indexed it, or somebody else, are to com-
plete this new index.
Mr. President, I have had some experience in
regard to indexes of decisions of appdlate courts
and statutes at home in Kentucky, and my expe-
rience is, that unless you can get a first-rate lawyer
to make these indexes, it is work thrown away.
They as often delude and lead astray, as give any
practical information. I will not mutiply remarks,
but it seems to me it would be four or five thou-
sand dollars thrown away, when we have obtained
a double set of indexes to this work.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Kentucky
seems to bear in mind a remark I made with re-
spcct to a plan of his for certain printing, a year
ago. I take it all back—the whole of it; 1 rub if
all out—I expunge it. [Laughter.] And now,
having made a clear table, I wish to say to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, that Messrs.
Little & Brown have made no index at all; the
whole work is done, and done under the order of
the Scna'e. The whole mass is now lying in the
Secretary's office, waiting to be printed, and we
are delayed in the printing because we are not
willing to incur the expense. It is a thing already
done, and the printing is what is waited for. I
cannot recollect how long it is since 1 first began
to look at collections of laws, i never saw any
without an index, even a little bit of a thing with
a blue paper cover has an index. But this is a
most admirable index, collecting under one head
everything that relates to any one subject, through
the whole period of legislation from the foundation
of the Government. This is the first of the kind
we have had, and any gentleman will find by exam-
ination that it is admirably arranged; that we have
under one head, alphabetically arranged, every
law passed on any one subject from the founda-
tion of the Government; and he will see what the
laws are, and be able to enlighten his mind in
relation to the whole subject. What we have to
do is to bring down the work to the close of the
present session. It is altogether better than any
ever before published, a thing of vety greatconve-
nience, and is now ready to be printed; and this is
the way of getting it printed, when we cannot get
it done in any other way. It will only be neces-
sary that the Secretary of the Seriate order it to be
printed, and we shall have it.
Mr. DOWNS. I would like to know from tha
Senator from Missouri whether this work has been
examined by any legal gentleman, so as to vouch
for its correctness. I am led to think that it is not
unlikely that a great part of this work may have
been copied from the old indexes. I have not ex-
amined the subject at all myself, so as to be able !
to say whether this is the case or not, but I merely ;
ask the question for the sake of obtaining informa- i
tion. Th* edition of the laws published by Messrs.
Little & Brown is a very important work, but there j
are many errors m it; and I am anxious, before a
determination is made of this question, to know
whether those eirors have been copied, or whether
they have been conected. There is a very im-
portant error in the work of Messrs. Little &
Brown, which ought certainly to be considered
before final action is had by Congress on this
question. The error is this, many laws are marked
as obsolete which are not so. and which have been
decided by high tribunals to be still in force. This
error has created on many occasions great diffi-
culty, especially in criminal cases, where the law :
is required to be smctly construed. Here, for i
instance, is a law yet in force, although marked j
in this work as obsolete. You produce a book,
published under the sanction of Congress, stating '
that this law is obsolete, and although it is not so
in fact, yet a jury cannot find a criminal guilty
under this alleged obsolete law. I know that such
cases have occurred.
My attention, and also that of the Judiciary
Committee, has been called to this; and I should
certainly like to know before we publish any more
of Messrs. Little & Brown's works whether these
errors have been copied or corrected. 1 am decid-
edly of opinion, that before this work is printed it
should be submitted to a committee of the Senate,
or some officer of the (Government, to ascertain
whether or not these errors have been corrected.
This requires both time and experience; and I
think that both should be applied before we go to
the expense of reprinting. If any gentleman can
vouch for the accuracy of this work, I shail be
glad to hear him do so; but I cannot give my
approbation to the motion to print tintii somebody
can answer the question satisfactorily.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is quite obvious that
this subject is to take the common lot of other
questions, and I move that it be temporarily laid
upon the table, that we may proceed to the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
MR. BELLJS RESOLUTIONS,
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the special oider, made a day or
two since, being a bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year,
ending the 30th of June, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
in order is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to lay it on the
table, in order to take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the honorable member
allow me to say a word r
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly. But I hopehe
will renew the motion.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I had hoped
that, on account of the pressuie for the passage of
the deficiency bill, this subject of raising a com-
mittee on the several sets of resolutions might have
been finished yesterday. It is in rather an auk ward
position at present. I should he glad to have it
decided in one way or the other. Still, if the
honorable member from New York deems it his
duty to proceed with this revenue or deficiency
bill, as it is called, I shall present no objection,
i take the occasion to say, however, that after
the experience of yesterday, and after it has be-
come so very apparent that there is a long train of
propositions, amendments, discussions, and de-
bates still to be gone through with, if this matter
of raising a committee is to be pressed, I suggest
now to those gentlemen who feel most interest in
that course of proceeding, whether it is worth
while further to press for a committee and a refer-
ence. It strikes me that all these things must be
discussed in the Senate, sooner or later, and there
decided. There are three subjects—three questions
—to be decided. The first naturally is, shall Cali-
fornia be admitted into the Union as she now pre-
sents herself and her constitution? The second is,
shall there be temporary governments for the
territories? And if there shall, then the third ques-
tion is, shall there be in those territorial govern-
ments the anti-slavery prohibition ? Now, I sup-
pose that every gentleman, who reflects for a
moment on the usual course of proceeding, will see
that if the bill for the admission of California be
taken up, the last of these questions will be the
first to be decided. If that bill shall be taken up,
no doubt there will be a pioposition to amend it,
by adding one of the territorial bills. Next, no
doubt, there will be a proposition to amend that
amendment by inserting in the territorial part of
the biil what is called the Wilmot proviso. And
this amendment to the amendment will, if this
course be pursued, be the first question to be de-
cided; and the questions may probably be taken
in this way, as well as in any other. However*
sir, my object at present is not to enter into ex-
tended observations. I have made an hpnest effort
