722
to conform to the wishes of a part of the Senate,
who have thought that some good might arise
from sending these propositions to a committee.
I have never been sanguine, as the Senate knows,
as to any such valuable result; and after the de-
bates and votes of yesterday, I see very little pros-
pect that any benefit will ensue from pressing the
proposal of a reference to a committee further.
My own opinion is quite the other way. I think,
as things now stand, nothing can come of it but a
fresh series of instructions and amendments, bring-
ing on debates and discussions of which no one
can see the end. I am inclined, therefore, for my
part, instead of wasting more ttme on these reso-
lutions, to proceed with the bill or bills, and act
directly on the several provisions as they may
arise. , „ .
Mr. DICKINSON. I shall move, before 1
close, to lay this subject temporarily on the table.
I do not believe thia'dcficiency bill will take over
an hour or two to dispose of it, and the object of
the Senator may he attained by taking up the sub-
ject afterward. I would not press this bill if I
did not consider it a matter of public duty. There
are many old pensioners in town now, waiting for
their money, and they cannot get away until this
bill is passed. It can be taken up and passed in
an hour, and I therefore move to lay the pending
subject on the table.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator would oblige me if
he would withdraw his proposition for a moment.
I desire to make a suggestion which, I trust, will
secure the approval of a majority of the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will withdraw it once
more. My patience is not yet exhausted.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, we are all desirous
of arriving at practical results, and of arriving at
those results with as little prolongation of the un-
fortunate delay which has already occurred us
may be possible. Now, sir, allow me to make a
suggestion to those who are opposing the appoint-
ment of this committee, with which I really think,
if, as is no doubt the case, they are desirous of
reaching practical results, they will be disposed to
comply. On the one hand are those who wish for
the appointment of the committee; on the other
those who wish to supersede the committee, and
take up forthwith the California bill. Now, what
1 suggest is this, that we shall proceed to the ap-
pointment of the committee; and on that subject,
sir, allow me to say, in the first place, that if no
good no harm can come from it. But I believe
that good will result from it—not to the extent,
perhaps, that others imagine. A report from
such a committee ns is contemplated to be ap-
pointed—1 speak not of the individual who ad- j
dresses you, for though I shall submit to what J
the Senate may determine, yet I should as jief j
be off it as on it—will be productive of much
good. I do believe that such a committee
"should take up the subject in a comprehensive
point of view, and make a report upon the bills
which are now before the Senate—such, for ex-
ample, as the California bill, the territorial bill,
the fugitive slave bill—making upon each subject
such recommendations as may appear to the com-
mittee proper and useful, and presenting at the
same time amendments. Some amendments may
be indispensable. As to this California bill, if we
pass it, they are indispensable; for if the Califor- I
nia bill is passed in the shape in which it now is,
it is a renunciation of al! the public domain of the i
United States lying within the limits of California. .
This committee, 1 repeat, making suggestions and -
recommendations, and exhibiting a general plan |
for the settlement and compromise of all those t
troubles which now annoy and afflict us, and pre- j
senting to the country in one collective view, as >
to each and every subject—leporting, for example, I
what I think ou^ht to be done, a bill for the abo- |
lition of the slave-trade in this District, and adopt-
ing, if you please, the law of Maryland, which
prevails on thai subject, and reporting other bills
and amendments where necessary, and where
they are not, recommending a course of action for
the Senate—I do believe that such a repoit, coming
from a committee, constituted of thirteen membeis
of this body, will be attended with very advanta-
geous and beneficial results to the country. Now,
we ".ay go on from d iy to day, and week to week,
in this struggle to avoid a committee, and in the
attempt to take up the California bill, and it will
result in nothing but delay. Sooner or later we
must arrive at the question whether we will or will
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
not unite the California .and the territorial bills; for
I, for one, if nobody else docs, mean to propose
as an amendment to it the territorial bill. If the
majority is against me, be it so; it the majority is
with me, I suppose that a submission to the de-
cision of .the majority in my favor will be acqui-
esced in by the opposing party,-with the same
promptitude and cheerfulness with which I shall ac-
quiesce in the decision of a majority contrary to my
views—so that nothing is gained by the rejection
of the committee proposed to be constituted—
nothing whatever. A motion to strike out the ter-
ritorial part of the proposition, and leaving Cali-
fornia to stand alone, would elicit a majoiity on
the one side or the other; so that nothing is ob-
tained by having the California bill reported sepa-
rately. The union or non-union of the bills is a
proposition from which there is no escape no
evasion. T pledge myself, if my life is spared, if
no other Senator moves it, to move, when the
California bill is taken up, the addition of the ter-
ritorial bill. 1 will not now enter into the consid-
eration of the propriety of this union, for I have
done that heretofore,and I will do ithereafter, and
will show additional conservative considerations, in
my view, for the connection of the two subjects
together. I believe that nothing but a great and
useless waste of time will result from this unprofit-
able struggle to avoid the committee. And gentle-
men will permit me to say, that if it is avoided, it
is but for the day or the moment only, for there
are six or seven Senators now absent who, when
present and united with the twenty-eight who voted
yesterday, will constitute a majority of thirty-three
or thirty-five Senators of the body, and you can-
not therefore escape the committee, or the attempt
to unite the two bills. Why then waste time in
this useless contest, whether the committee shall
be appointed to-day or to-morrow, or whether the
California bill shall be taken up to-day or to-
morrow? The proposition I wish to submit to
the Senate, and especially to the Senator from
Missouri is, whether it is not better to waive all
impediments to the constitution of the committee?
Let it be raised. Let the California bill be taken
up on Monday, after the deficiency bill shall be
acted on, and let the committee be delibera-
ting, when the Senate is not in session, on the
various topics committed to their care, and make
such a repoit as they shall determine, without at
all arresting the progress of the discussion upon
one or other of the measures. 1 submit to the
Senate, and especially to the Senator from Mis-
souri, if this is not the best course to pursue ?
Mr. BENTON. That, sir, is the right way.
That is a fair, open, manly proposition, and it will
produce a fair test m reference to the conjunction
or separation of these subjects. Then every Sena-
tor will be one of the committee which will act in
the case; and when the bill is referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole Senate, that committee cannot
be less competent because it adds the remainder of
the members of this body to the thirteen—the
number of which it is proposed the select commit-
tee shall consist. Sir, that is the right way. That
is exactly what I proposed yesterday, in the course
of the remarks that 1 made in reply to the Senator
from Massachusetts. There is a very great differ-
ence, sir, between offering amendments here in
open Senate, and having them brought in by a com-
mittee. The method proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky is the right one, and I hope that the
Senate will pursue that course. If the conjunction
of subjects be made by the Senate, I shall of course
acquiesce—I shall offer no further resistance; but
not so if made by the committee. This, sir, is
the proper cause; it is certainly the fair parlia-
mentary course; it is in accordance with parlia-
mentary practice. And now, sir, I wish to say to
the Senate, in relation to this subject—for I wish
that everything that I contemplate doing shall be
known beforehand—that in a certain event there
may be some amendments which I shall have to
offer. I have nine amendments, sir, now drawn
up, and how many more 1 shall have occasion to
prepare, this deponent saith not, for he noth not
know; but there are nine at present, which i do
know of, for 1 have already drawn them up.
A Senator. Let them be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the reading
called for.
Mr. BENTON. I ask nothing, sir, and object
to nothing.
The amendments were read by the Secretary,
as follows:
}. With instructions, That in nnv bill, scheme, or other
measure oi measures they may report, tney s-h-Ul not cn-
neit tiie adnn^ion of the State of California with anv other
proposed lejii-lrtiion which shall require the assent ot any
other State ro it? completion.
2, That they shall not connect the admission of the bt.ite
of California with any measure winch is connected with a
question of boundary, or other controversy, with any other
^*3. That thpy shall not connect the admission of the State
of California with any other measure of less dignity than
the reception and admission of a sovereign State, to be a
new and enure member of this Union.
4. That they shall not make California a party to, or in
any wav include or connect her with, any provision in the
nature or intent of a compact relating to slavery, or to any
slave State or slave territory, other than the compacts of
the Constitution.
5 That they shall not make California a party to, or in
any way include or connect her with, any provision in the
nature or intent of a compact of any description, other than
the compacts of the Constitution, and those compacts re-
latin" to ttie domain which have been heretofore required
of new States formed out of the territory of the United
States.
6. That they shall not report any measure proposing any
alteration in the boundaries of the State of California.
7. That they shall not make the State of California a
party to, noi in any way connected with, or the question of
her admission in any way connected with or dependent on,
any piovMon m the nature of a compact which has not been
required of either of the following named States : Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, Michigan, Louisiana, Mn-i^ippi, Alabama,
Arkansas, Missouii, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Floitda.
8. That they shall not make a party to, or m any manner
hind to, include in, or connect with, any provision having
the character or intent of a compact, any State, or people
having the political organization of a State, not represented
in this body.
9. That they shall not connect the admusion of the State
of California with any matter foreign to the admission of
that State in a direct manner, on a precisely equal footing
with the original States, and unincumbered with any other
conditions, responsibilities, or considerations.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that the whole
matter be laid upon the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the defi-
ciency bill.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. KING. Will the Senator waive his mo-
tion for a moment, to permit me to make a cor-
rection ?
Mr. DICKINSON. Yes, sir; certainly.
Mr. KING. It is a matter that is certainly of
very little importance in itself, and yet it might, if
allowed to pass without notice from me, have the
effect of creating the supposition that I had used
expressions that were disrespectful toward a class
of persons in this country for whom I entertain
the highest respect—men whom I know to be pa-
triotic and high-minded men. I am repiesented in
the Union of this morning as having said that
I suspccted the motives of those individuals who,,
a few years past, entertained a disposition to free
themselves from what they and I considered to be
unjust and oppressive legislation; that I suspected
their motives, and therefore went in opposition to
them. What I did say, sir, was, that while I re-
spected their motives, I thought that the course
they pursued might be injurious to the country,
and therefore 1 went against them: that, and that
alone, sir, was what I said. I repeat again, that
from personal intercourse with those gentlemen,
and the long acquaintance that I have had with
them, although they took a course that I did not
myself approve of, under the circumstances, I do
not believe there are more upright or more patriotic
men in the State to which allusion was made.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
And the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill " to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1850."
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the first ques-
tion to be on the first of the series of amendments
reported from the Committee on Finance, viz., to
strike out the following:
"Towaidth- erection of thewinas of the Patent Office
building, avoiding to the original plan, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, &9J,000, to he paid out of
the pateni fund."
Mr. DICKINSON. The action of the com-
mittee would appear to the Senate to be somewhat
summary, and it becomes proper, therefore, that
