1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 14i::
INDIAN TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred -a bill to preserve peace
with the Indian tribes*in California,by extinguish-
ing their territorial claims in the gold mine dis-
tricts, reported back the same with an amendment,
striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting:
"That the President be authorized to appoint, with the
advice and consent of the Senate, not more than three agents
for the Indian tribes within the State of California. Su h
agents shall perform the duties and receive the same com-
pensation as is now prescribed by law and applicable to In-
dian agents.
" Sec. 2. To enable the President to hold treaties with the
vanoijs Tndhn tribes in the State of California, the sum of
one hundred thousand dollar? be and the same is hereby ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
Mr. ATCHISON. This is a bill to authorize
the President of the United States to appoint In-
dian agents in the State of California, and also to
enable him to make treaties with the California
Indians. It is a matter of some importance, and I
hope it will be taken up and considered now.
There being no objection made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ATCHISON, The Committee on Indian
Affairs are entirely unable to communicate to the
Senate the information which will perhaps be re-
quired. We do not know the number of tribes of
Indians within the limits of the State of California,
nor do we know the number of Indians nor the
kind of title by which they hold the lands in the
State of California. We, therefore, refer the Senate
for information upon these points to the Senators
from California.
Mr. FREMONT. The general policy of Spain,
in her Indian relations, was the same as that which
was afterwards adopted by all Europe and recog-
nized by the United States. The Indian right of oc-
cupation was respected, but the ultimate dominion
remained in the Crown. Wherever the policy of
Spam differed fiom that of the other European na-
tions, it was always in favor of the Indians. Grants
of lands were always made ^abject to their rights of
occupancy, reserving to them the right to resume
it even in cases where it had been abandoned at
the time of the grant. But the Indian right to the
lands in property, under the Spanish laws, con-
sisted not merely in possession, but extended even
to th^t of alienation; a right recognized and af-
firmed in the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States. A claim to lands in East Flor-
ida, under a title derived from grants by the Creek
and Seminole Indians, and ratified by the local au-
thoiities of Spain before the ce3sion of Florida to
the United States, was confirmed.
I have here in my hand a volume of Spanish
laws published in the city of Mexicn in 1849, and
purporting to contain all the legislation on this
subject which was in force in Mexico up to that
date. These laws extend from 1533, some twelve
years after the conquest of Mexico by Cortez, to
1817. The policy of Spain in regard to the In-
dians differed somewhat from that of the United
States, and particularly in this: that, instead of re-
moving the Indians from amidst the Spanish pop-
ulation, it kept them there and protected them in
the possession of their lands among their civilized
neighbors, having always m view the leading ob-
ject of converting them to the Christian religion.
To this end the power of the Government was al-
ways directed;«it was a national object, and in
great part was a governing principle in the laws
of which they were the subject. I will not occu-
py the time of the Senate by reading at length the
several laws, but will merely make a few state-
ments of such particular parts as bear directly
ujon the rights in question.
A royal order of Charles V., a supreme law in
Spain, of the year 1533, decreed that the woods,
pasture lands, and water contained in any grants
of signories, which had been or should be made in
the Indies, should 'be common to Spaniards and
Indians. Another royal order of 1687 (confirming
and extending an ordinance of the viceroy, Count
Saint Stephen, of the year 1567) commanded that
in ail the villages of Indians throughout all New
Spain, who needed land to live upon and sow,
there should be given to them a space of 500
yards, and as much more as they had any need of
for cultivation around their village, measuring
from the furthest outside house, and if the village
happened to be a large one an unlimited quantity
should be allowed, and that thereafter no grafit of
pasture ground or lands should be given to any one
within eleven hundred yards of the most outside
house of the population.
A law of Philip III. of 3618 ordained that no
pasture grounds of black catile should be situ-
ated within a league and a half of any village
converted in old times to the Christian religion,
and not jvithin three leagues of any village of
newly converted Indians, upon pain of forfeiting
the pasture ground and half the cattle which there
should be upon it; and the Indians had the right
to kill any cattle which should be so found tress-
passing upon their lands, and were subject to no
penalty whatsoever from them.
A decree of Philip IV. ordained that the sale,
improvement, and location of lands, should be
made with such attention to the Indians that
they should be left with a superfluity beyond all
the lands which might belong to them, as welt in-
dividually as in communities, together with waters
and water privileges; and the lards upon \which
they might have made canals for irrigation or any
other improvement, should he reserved to them in
the first place, and in no case were they to be sold
or alienated from them.
The Spanish law likewise rccogriizes the Indian
right to a'ienate, and prescribes the terms and mode
in which such alienation shall be legal. A
decree of Philip II. of 1571 commanded "that the
Indians should have the light to alienate their
landed property as well as their personal effects,
prescribing only that proclamation should be made
during a specified time, and at a place of pohlic sale.
We have here a rircular of the royal audiency of
Guadalajara of 1817, reviving for information, and j
to correct abuses, a decree of one of the superior I
tribunals of Mexico, which annulled a sale of the !
rancho of Pena Blanco,, made by the Indians of |
Colchiti, for a failure to comply with the forms
prescribed by law.
In California we have both classes of Indians—
the Christian or converted Indians collected to-
gether at the missions and in large villages of the
| spa coast and the interior, and the wild Indians
of the mountains who never were reduced to sub-
jection.
The statements I have given, Mr. President, are
sufficient to show that the Spanish law clearly and
absolutely secured to Indians fixed rights of pro-
perty in the lands they occupy, beyond what is
admitted by this Government in its relations with
its own domestic tribes, and that some particular
provision will be necessary in order to divest them
of these rights. In California we are at this mo-
ment invading these rights. We hold there by
the strong hand alone. The Indians dispute our
right to be there, and they extend the privilege
which the law secured them of killing the cattle
to that of killing the owner whenever they find
an occasion. Our occupation is in conflict with
theirs, and it is to render this occupation {
legal and equitable, and to preserve the peace, j
that I have introduced this bill. It tecommends ;
itself to the favorable consideration of the Senate !
by its obvious necessity, and because it is right
in itself, because it is politic, and because it is
conformable to the established custom of this
Government.
Mr. GWIN. With regard to the title which
Indians may have to tracts of land in California,
they are disputed. They are not recognized as
having any titles there by the Mexican law. That
is the impression of the population of California. 1
I think the true policy of this Government is to 1
appoint Indian agents, and that able and effirient
men should be selected for that purpose. Let these 1
agents go to California as commissioners; and if
the Indians have any rights, let them be thoroughly
examined. I do not think Congress ought to pass
any laws upon the subject until the matter has
been thoroughly investigated. I would suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
that the salary which he has proposed ($1,500) is
entirely insufficient to secure the services of com-
petent men in that country. I wish the chairman
of the committee would take the matter into con-
sideration and increase the salary to $3,000. It
will be perfectly impossible to get able and compe-
tent men to take the office in that country for a
less salary than that.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection. I trust
the Senators from California will prescribe the
sum which they think will secure the services
of competent gentlemen in California. 1 thought
$1,500, which is the salary usually paid to our In-
dian agents on the frontier, entirely too little for
the State of California, and I am willing to vote for
any amount which the gentlemen from California
may think right and proper.
Mr. GWIN. Then I will move to amend the
bill by substituting $3,000 for $1,500.
Mr. BENTON. 1 agree entirely as to the ne-
cessity of increasing these salaries, I think, how-
ever, "that the object will be better accomplished
by putting the salary at $2 000, and allowing extra
pay for the necessary traveling. You want these
agents to travel over that extensive country, and,
if acceptable to the Senator from California, I
think it would answer our purpose better to give a
salary of $2,000, and allow twenty cents per mile
for the necessary travel, which would probably
make up the compensation to $3,500
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
Missouri that he is perfectly.correct m regard to
the necessity that these Indian agents should travel.
It will be necessary, f have been informed by Ma-
jor Canby, a very intelligent officer of the United
Sfaffes army, that there are probably a hundred
tribes of these Indians in the gorges of the Sierra
Nevada, and that they speak some fifty different
languages. These Indian agents will have to
travel a great deal, and I think $3,000 and twenty
cents per mile for traveling expenses a very small
salary. In that country twenty cents a mile will
not pay the expenses of traveling. They are on
the very borders of civilization, where it is difficult
to get provisions of any kind, and $3,000 is the
smallest which can command the services of com-
petent men. Why, sir, l^have myself paid a dol-
lar and a half a pound for barley to feed my horse
with. These agents will have to treat with the
Indians, and it is absolutely necessary to raise the
salary in order to secure the services of competent
men.
Mr. "BENTON. I will merely say that, if we
are to fix the salaries in California in reference to
the expenses of living and traveling there hereto-
fore and at this time, we shall have to go up to d
very high mark indeed. But the provisions of
this hill will hardly take effect this year, and will
have to continue for years to come. It is my opin-
ion that the hundred thousand persons who have
gone to California this year will have the effect of
bringing down the price of labor and the cost of
living, and that by next year things will be more
moderate, and in a few years will approximate
pretty nearly to what they are here. I therefore
feel u my duty to adhere to two thousand dollars
as the rate of salary, and twenty cents a mile for
travel.
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not know that I have
any objection to the proposition, but I will suggest
that at first perhaps, whilst negotiating with the
Indians in California, there may be, and necessa-
rily wil! be, a great deal of travel. Under the
existing law our commissioners or agents making
treaties with the Indians are allowed mileage and
traveling expenses.
Mr. BENTON. How much mileage?
Mr. ATCHISON. I think about twenty cents
a mile. 1 know they very frequently come in with
claims against the Government for extra services
not allowed at the department, and they are fre-
quently, indeed most generally, allowed by Con-
gress. I have no objection.to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. This is a subject that calls for
some consideration. There is a bill now before
the Judiciary Committee to organize the judiciary
of the State of California, and it is neces aty to
come to some conclusion as to the salaries of the
judges. I cannot tell what amount these commis-
sioners ought to have, or in what way the amount
should be regulated. Something like that pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] would, I should think, be better than an
arbitrary amount eo large as $3,000. I think a
still better course, if could attain it, would be
to give a certain sum now, and to regulate the sal-
aries in California hereafter, according to the price
of commodities there, because it seems to me that
they will go down. It is a very difficult matter to
regulate', and requires some consideration.
'Mr. GWIN. These Indian tubes are gene-
rally at the foot of, or near the Sierra Nevada, and
I do not care how large the population may be in
California, and how prices may fall, there at least
they will continue high. It is exceedingly diffi-
