1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sept, m
So the motion of Mr. Bayly to make the bilb
designated the special orders for to-day and until
disposed of, was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLYfc^noved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. 1 hope the
gentleman from Virginia will not insist upon that
motion, but that we may go on with the regular
order of business to-day—the call of committees,
and the disposing of the business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that
the regular order for to-day would not be the call
■ of the committees.
Mr. THOMPSON. I hope, then, that it will
be the sense of the House to take up that business,
and for that puroose I now move that we proceed
to the call of the committees.
The SPEAKER said, the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia was in order, and propounded
the question upon agreeing thereto.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the Speaker, and
was recognized.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi.' Is not my
motion pending !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
make the motion while the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia to suspend the rules was
pending.
THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the bills and joint resolutions reported
from the Committee on th« District of Columbia, and hav-
ing special relation to the interests of the District, be made
the special order of the day for Friday next, and lhat they
be taken up in the order in which they stand on the cal-
endar.
Objection being; made—
Mr. FOWLER moved a suspension of the rules
to enable the gentleman from Tennessee to offer
the resolution.
Mr* JONES. I wish to make an inquiry of
my colleague. Does he know whether the cor-
poration of Washington have got the $5. tax
thev have undertaken to collcct of our Sergeant-
at-Arms yet?
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
stated that no debate was in order.
The question, Shall the rules be suspended? was
taken, and decided in the negative.
So the resolution was not received.
HALF PAY OF VIRGINIA OFFICERS.
* Mr. HALL asked leave to introduce the bill of
which he had given notice on Saturday last, m re-
lation to the claim of Virginia officers for half pay.
Mr. PARKER, objected.
Mr. HALL moved to suspend the rules to en-
able h'm m introduce .the bill.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
requested gentlemen to suspend conversation.
The question being, Shall the rules be sus-
pended ?
Messrs. HALL and RICHARDSON demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. CLEVELAND. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman who introduced that bill what is its
object ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish the bill read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri moves to suspend the rules to enable him to
ask leave to introduce the following bid:
An Act in relation to the claim of Virginia officers for half
pay.
Be it enacted, fyc., That the proper officers of this
Government, in adjudicating claims for half pay of the offi-
cers of the State of Virginia und<jr the third section of the
act entitled "An act to provide for liquidating and paying
cert,tin claims of the State of Virginia," approved the 5th
of July, 1^32, shall in no case allow commutation or com-
mutation and interest in lieu of half pay."
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended r"
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 323, nays 52; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Andrews, A^he, Bay,
Binsjh.im, Bi#-«ell? Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Brians,
AH>m G. Brown, William J. Brown, Burt, Thomas B. But-
ler, Jo.-eph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Ca?ey, Cleveland, W. R.
VV. Cobb, Oolcock, Cole, Ubrwin, Crowell, Daniel, Dim-
mick, Dtenpy. Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Diirk^e, Ewing,
Featberston, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gilbert, Gott, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L Harris, Hay, Henry, Hibbard, Ho  gland,
Howe., Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, James G.
King, John A. King, Pieston Kmc, La S&re, Leffier, Levin,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, McDonald, McLana-
han, Finis E. McLean, McWilhe, Meacham, Miller, Mor-
ris, Morse, Nelson, Otis, Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam.r Reed, Richardson, RJsley, Bobbins, Robinson,
Root, Rose, Ross, Rutnsey, Sackett, Savaee, Sawtelle,
Sohermerhorn, Silvester, Sprague. Stanly, Stetson, Strong,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Wald« n, Waldo,
Watkms, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, Wood, Wright, and Young—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ander>on. Ashmun, Averelt,
Bayly. Bfale, Benneit, Bokee, Brooks, Burrows, C. Butler,
E- C. Cabell, Chandler, Debetry, Dickey, Dixon, Edmund-
son, Eliot. Nathan Evans, Fowler, Gentry, Gould, Haymond,
Hebaid, Billiard, Holmes, Howard. George G. King, Matie-
son, McDowell, MoGaughey, McKissock, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, Millson, Moore, Morton, Orr, Oullaw. Parker,
Powell, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Spaulding,Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Vinton, and Wallace—52.
Sn, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended.
The question then recurred, " Shall the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Hall] have leave to in-
troduce the bill ?"
Mr. BAYLY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the Househave
been suspended for the purpose of enabling the
motion to be put.
The question was then taken, and leave was
granted for the introduction of the bill.
Whereupon, the bill was read a first time by its
title, as " A bill in relation to the claims of Vir-
ginia officers for half pay."
Mr. BAYLY. Before I conclude the few re-
marks which I propose to make, it is my intention
to move that the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL, (to the Speaker.) Is the gentleman
from Virginia (Mr. Bayly] entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. If objection is made to the
introduction of the bill, the question must then be
put to the House, Shall this bill be rejected
Mr. HALL. I believe I have the right to the
floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire the question to be taken
on the rejection of the bill. And I ask the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments to one single
point. There is a controversy between a portion
of the citizens of the State of Virginia and this
Government, as to a particular class of cases. This
Government, by its own law, made one of its own
officers thearbitrator—the judge in the case. Well,
now, when thisjudge of your own selection—one
of your own officers—has decided the case against
you, you come in here and ask that the decision
^nd the payment of the claim may be arrested. Is
there any court in which such a proceeding would
be tolerated ? Suppose a man refers a matter m
which he is interested to an arbitrator—that there
is no charge of fraud on the arbitrator—no charge
of misconduct—what court would tolerate that
one of the parties litigant should repudiate the de-
cision of its own officer ? This matter has been
discussed ably in the report of the minority of the
committee, and the arbitrator of the Government
has been decided to be right. But suppose he was
wrong. There is the claimant who is your antag-
onist in this litigation, and he is entit'ed to the
benefit of the decision. I move that this bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr Bayly] to withdraw the motion, to en-
able me to make a very few remarks.
Mr. BAYLY did not withdraw.
Mr. HALL, (to the Speaker.) Is the motion
of the gentleman to lay the bill upon the table in
order at this time? .
The SPEAKER. It is expressly provided by
one of the rules of the House, that if objection is
made to the bill, the question must be put, " Shall
this bill be rejected?'' and the Speaker has hereto-
fore decided that the motion to lay on the table is
not in order until the question on the rejection of
the bill shall have been disposed of.
Mr. HALL said, that the question, whether the
accounting officers of the Treasury had decided
properly or improperly in allowing the Barron
claim, was not touched by this bill. The onlyob-
ject of the bill was to place the necessary safeguards
round the Treasury hereafter. Since the year
1833, whenever applications had been made to this
House for the payment of the claims for half pay
from the State of Virginia, unfavorable reports had
been uniformly made from the committee to jvhich
they were referred. It had been always decided
by the committee that it would be improper to al-
low these claims. At the close* of the session of
1848, an appropriation of $81,000 had been intro-
duced in the general appropriation bill, and under
this provision the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury did allow a great mass of these claims. It was
his opinion that this amendment to the appropria-
tion bill could never have received the sanction of
the House had there been time to give it due de-
liberation. In the hurry which always prevails
at the closing of the session, it was smuggled
through the House.
Mr. BAYLY begged to explain. Hedesiredto
say to the House, that so far from this appropria-
tion of $81,000 havingpassed unadvisedly, it had
been before the Committee of Ways and Meansfor
several years, and had received the favorable con-
sideration of that committee. General McKay was
himself in favor of the appropriation. He could
say, from his own personal knowledge, that the
amendment was examined,and was well under-
stood by the House; and he would refer to the gen-
tleman from Missouri himself, whether he was
not correct in this matter.
Mr. HALL resumed. It was not the question
whether the general appropriation bill ought to
have contained a provision for the claims of the
Virginia officers for half pay. But the question is,
whether the accounting officers of the Treasury
shall be allowed to settle these claims under a con-
struction of that provision, which may le&d to the
payment of three or four millions out of the Treas-
ury on account of these claims. That is the true
question before the House. Had the House be-
lieved that by the adoption of the provision appro-
priating this $81,000 for the settlement of the Vir-
ginia claims, there would have been payments to
the amount of three or four millions, that appro-
priation would not have been inserted.
Mr. MILLSON asked on what authority the
gentleman from Missouri made the assertion that
three or four millions would be withdrawn from
the Treasury for the settlement of these claims?
Mr. HALL replied, that whether he was pre-
cisely accurate or not, in his estimate of the
amount, the principle would be the same. He de-
sired to call the attention of the House to a single
fact. The original amount of the claim of the late
Commodore Barton was only $1,700, but before it
was settled, by the addition of interest, it had been
swelled up to §32,000. Now, if all the other claims
of officers of the Virginia line were to be settled on
the same principle,the total amount to be withdrawn
from the Treasury would amount to three or four
millions. Hedesiredto repeat that this bill did
not, in any degree, impeach the conduct of the ac-
counting officers of theTreasury, in allowing claims
heretofore, but was only intended to throw neces-
sary safeguards around the Treasury hereafter.
He would now move the previous question.
The question, " Is there a second to the demand
for the previous question ?" was then taken, and
decided in the affirmative, without a division.
So there was a second.
And the mam question was ordered to be now
taken, which main question was, " Shall this bill
be rejected ?"
And the question being taken, the House deci-
ded that the bill should not be rejected.
The bill was then read a second time by its title.
The question then was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HALL demanded the previous question.
Mr. CROWELL desired that the bill might be
read.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. MILLSON, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
to move to refer the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Order must be restored. No
motion will be entertained, and no question will be
taken until order is restored.
A considerable pause followed.
Mr. TAYLOR was understood to inquire of the
Speaker, whether it was in order to move that the
act to which the bill referred might be read?
The SPEAKER said it could be read by unani-
mous consent.
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Mc&ueen and Duncan were appointed.
