726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
their temporary home, and to go in search of work
elsewhere. Th<?y preferred to remain at work, and
,by agreement with the contractor, with whom the
Secretary of the Interior had nothing to do, and
which he positively refused to sanction, the labor-
ers continued to labor upon credit, and the contract-
ors to furnish materials out of their own lesources,
it never entering into their heads to suppose that
Congress would do anything like that King of
Prance, who marched up the hill with forty thou-
sand men, and then—marched down again.
They did not suppose that Congress, after di-
recting the erection* of the wings of the Patent
Office on the original plan, was going to abandon
it, and leave the unfinished work as a monument
of their own stultification. They had faith in Con-
gress, and I am sure that Congress will respond to
the humane and sympathetic proposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, who says
that he will not allow these poor fellows to suffer.
But, sir, the Senator from New York says^ that the
Secretary of the Interior has departed from the
original plan in this wise: The original plan con-
templated a quadrangle, and therefore if he felt
bound to pursue the original plan, and erect the
two wings, he should also have put up the other
end of the quadrangle. In this 1 beg leave to dif-
fer from the honorable Senator. The act of Con-
gress does not direct him to complete the quad-
rangle, but to put up the wings. But the Senator
says, again, he has departed from the original plan,
in not u^ing freestone for the completion of the
building on the original plan. The word "plan"
here means the draft or drawing of the building,
approved by General Jackson, and has no refer-
ence to the material of which it is to be built.
I know very well that in the original bill, appro-
priating $108,000 for the erection of the building,
one quarter of which has already cost over $400,000,
it was proposed that the building should be erect-
ed of sandstone, provided that no cheaper and
better material could be got; but 1 also know that
Congress has lepeatedly since that time, by the ac-
tion of its committees, determined that this freestone
is not a cheap and suitable material for any pub-
lic building; and it requires no architect to find
that out. Everybody who has looked at this
Capitol knows what a loose, friable, crumbling
sort of stone it is. Being an argillaceous and fer-
ruginous sandstone, absoibing much water, it
easily peels off under the action of the weather,
so that it must be kept constantly painted to guard
against atmospheric influence. It crumbles so con-
stantly, that it was necessary to renew the walls of
this Capitol near the base in several places, and
at considerable expense, during the piesent year.
The same thing may be seen at the cornice of the,
Patent Office, whir h is crumbling off already, and
in the Treasury Department, which is, at some
points, moss-grown, only fourteen years after the
erection.
Well, sir, all those who have considered the
matter, and inquired into it, have reported that it
is not a proper building stone; and Congress
showed its knowledge of this fact in the erection
of the Post Office, which is built of granite and
marble, and which, by-thc-by, is a very fine and
beautiful building, and less costly than the Patent
Office. The Secretary of the Interior has ex-
plained in his report to Congress why hp adopted
marble; because it is a cheap stone, obtained in
the immediate neighborhood, (within thirty or
forty miles from here,) is easily worked, and a
beautiful as'well as permanent stone. I think no
one will blame him for it.
Now, sir, in regard to this out-door legislation,
of which the gentleman from New York has spo-
ken, I know of none, and 1 do not know how it is
that Congress is to be influenced by out-door legis-
lation. F.<r one, I am not witling to admit that I
was influenced m voting for the appropriation last
session by any ont-door legislation ; and I suppose
that evei) other member will also resist the charge.
It is* true that there has been some importunity,
and that members have been strongly urged not
to stop t;,e work, as the chauman of the commit-
tee wishes to do, thus throwing all the poor fel-
lows engaged on it out of employment, and wast-
ing the expenditure upon itaheady made. Assui-
edly,' if the prosecution of the building were
stopped, in a \ery few years Congress would be-
come ashamed of this pinching economy, and
probably rush into the other extreme, and make
more exUavagantappropriations than ever.
But the Senator from New York has a pro-
ject, he says, for tearing down a part of the
building and putting up wings one hundred in-
stead of two hundred and seventy feet in length.
I hope this plan will not be adopted, and for
these reasons: We do not know how much it
will cost to tear down the building already erected,
and to fill up the chasms that will be formed in
consequence. And if we do all that, for what
purpose is it ? The Commissioner of Patents says
i that the smaller wings are not necessary for that
bureau, and it would not be sufficient to accom-
modate the other public offices. 1 admit, sir, that
Congress, in passing the appropriation bill last
session, did not know what the building was going
to cost, but I say, at the same time, that it will not
cost more than this nation is abundantly able to
pay, or more them it is worth, and not more than
would ercct a building suitable and reputable to a
great nation like this. We are constantly boast-
ing that we are a great and glorious Republic, and
talking about our wealth and power, and our high
destiny; and it would be a very small thing if we
were to cut down the scale of our expenditure to
that of a petty state, to run after this thing economy,
which is an excellent thing only when it is com-
bined with such liberality as to preserve a sort of
decent respectability. I hold that a great nation
like this, with its wealth, its power, its progress,
and its high destiny, ought at all events to have
buildings quite as respectable, and if you please,
quite as magnificent, as those which other great
people at all times have erected for the accommo-
dation of their public officers, and the transaction
of their public affdiis. Congress never did begin
this system of small economy without becoming
ashamed of it, and in the end adopting a different
system. Take for example the Boston custom-
house. In the year 1834 we made our first appro-
priation for that custom-house, for the erection of
which, including the purchase of a site, $50,000 was
allowed, and the proceeds of the sale of the old
custom-house, which was expressly declared to be
intended to cover the whole expense. This, too,
was in the time of that same liberal and magnifi-
cent old gentleman, who did pretty much as he
pleased. Well, a very little while after, Congress
gave $150,000 more, then §200,000, then ^200;0U0
more, until finally we finished the Boston custom-
house at an expense of about $900,000. And yet,
though there were occasional growlings, I do not
remember to have heard such a sharp lecture about
the Boston custom-house in the other branch of
I Congress as we have heard this morning from the
1 Senator from New Yoik about the Patent Office
I building, which we have ourselves directed to be
; executed upon the plan on which it is now pro-
! ceedmg. Now, 1 hope that Congress will be liberal
i about this thing. 1 think they will do wisely to
i be liberal. I think it would be better to go on
i with the building now, and not to take the money
i out of the patent fund, but to appropriate for it
I hereafter out of the general fund.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, (in his seat)
! You forgot the New York custom-house.
| Mr. PEARCE. Yes, the New York custom-
I house cost over a million of dollars. If we intend
: to accommodate the public offices in this building,
1 let us complete both wings on the plan originally
suggested; but if not, let the building stand as it
is,"a sort of memento moii to Congress, serving to
keep them constantly m mind of their responsi-
bility in regard to such appropriations, and of their
: folly in entering upon a woik the plan of which
they hau forgotten, and the expense of which they
' did not inquire into critically before they ordered it.
Mr. CLARKE. After the remarks which have
1 been made by the honorable Senator from Mary-
i land, it is haidiy necessary that much should be
i said to satisfy the Senate that the recommendation
i of the chanman of the Finance Committee 13 not
' one which should meet with their sanction. As
' a member of the Committee on the Public Build-
' ings, 1 beg leave to say a few words to the Senate.
The Committee on the Public Buildings, and I, as
| a member of that committee, have thought it to be
our duty to inquire with as much care as possible,
, into this subject of the Patent Office building, and i
the appropriations made by Congiess; and I can j
; sec no propriety m stopping the work, and leaving
; the unfinished building, as the Senator from Mary-
' land says, as a memento mori of the folly of Con-
: gress.
i It has been said by the Senator from Maryland,
and I repeat it, merely as a matter of history, that
m 1836 Congress made an appropriation for the
erection of a Patent Office; and under the direction
of General Jackson, then President of the United
States, the south front of a building, designed to
be a quadrangle, was put up, from the original
design of Mr. Elliot, modified and directed by
Mr.&Robert Mills, the architect. The corner-
stone of the building was laid in 1836; the front ia
two hundred and seventy feet long, the breadth at
thecentreis onehundred and twenty-seven feet,and
at the end seventy feet. The erection of the build-
ing has already cost $400,000. Now, sir, it seems
that the late Commissioner of Patents, Mr. Burke,
deemed it necessary, so long since as 1845, to re-
commend to Congress that additional wings should
be put to the Patent-Office; and he made the rec-
ommendation because he had found out that the
present building was incapable of containing or
accommodating the increasing wants of the office.
The late Commissioner of Patents then recom-
mended the addition of two wings—one eighty feet
long, the other seventy feet long; one at the east,
the other at the west, end of the building. Well,
sir, these two wings would have been a very dis-
proportionate addition to be made to that beautiful
structure, the Patent-Office; but that Commissioner
of Patents deemed it necessary, although the pres-
ent Commissioner of Patents does not. It seems,
too, that the Secretary of the Interior, acting under
a law which is compulsory, and proceeding to the
erection of these wings, has himself, probably re-
ceiving this information from the Commissioner of
Patents, decided that these additions are not ne-
cessary for the Patent Office, although they may
be used for some other public offices.
And here I will take occasion to remark, as a
member of the Committee on Public Buildings,
that it is in my opinion wrong that the Govern-
ment of the United States should be compelled to
become the tenants of buildings belonging to indi-
viduals—that the Government of the United States
should, from any false principle of economy,
j instead of erecting such buildings as the public
j business of the country requires, upon its own
| land, of which there are hundreds of acres here,
! so far degrade itself as to become the .tenant
of those who may come here and build for the
purpose of speculation. Within the last year
or two, a worthy and honorable gentleman, for
whom I have high respect, speculating in the
want of the Government by the United States of
a building in which to keep the public documents,
came here from Baltimore or Philadelphia, and
erected a building close to the departments, which
it has been absolutely necessary for the depart-
ments to lent, for the purpose of keeping safe the
important papers of the Governmentof the United
States, which up to that time had been tossing
about in all kinds of holes and corners which it
was#difficult to find. Well, the gentleman, of
whom 1 speak kindly, stepped in and erected this
building. The foundation may te good—I hope the
supeistiucture is solid and substantial;but the roof
was not qui'e strong enough to withstand the
winds of heaven, and the other day it was blown
off into the yard of the Navy Department, fortu-
nately, with nofurther damage than the destruction
of a few trees. It is a beggarly account for the
Government of the United States to be compelled
to rely upon the private enterprise of individuals for
the accommodation of the public offices. Another
case of the same kind is that of thi3 very Secretary
of the Interior, who seems to be an object of gen-
eral attack, whose office is now located in the
house of a private gentleman, certainly as honor-
able, hospitable, and gentlemanly a man as thei e is
in the country; but it is a mean and petty policy
for the Congress of the United States, the Govern-
ment of this great Republic, with its coffers swol-
len almost to bursting, to grudge themselves the
building: necessary for preserving the records and
papers belonging to the Department of the Interior.
Our fathers, sir, or the fathers of those younger
than myself, at any rate, built this Capitol, and it
has always astonished me that in those days, when
the country was poor and impoverished, any indi-
vidual should ever have projected this magnificent
and wonderful building, it is to their lasting
ciedit; but even this magnificent building, then
amply large enough, will soon need enlargement.
There are sixty of us here now, and I trust there
will soon be sixty-two; and the other end of the
Capitol is equally crowded. This being the case,
