1850.
THE COMPRESSION AEr (*L(5EE.
m'
a plan has been proposed, which, when it comes
before the Senate, will be secured I hope from
remarks such as we have heard to-day, and from
such pitiful appropriations to commence with as
in this case. That plan, which is now under the
consideration of the Committee on Public Build-
ings, is for the extension of this Capitol, by adding
wings. The committee will not fee! authorized to
do more than recommend the subject to the con-
sideration of the Senate, but if it shall be my hap-
piness to be here when the subject comes up for
action, I shall protest against beginning to add
wings to the Capitol with anything like so small
an appropriation as was made in the case of the
Patent-Office. The Committee on Public Build-
ings are, I believe, unanimously of opinton that
it is the duty of the Government at once to adopt
some system of providing public buildings that
shall answer the wants of the Government, and
prove an honor and credit to the country, as well
as an ornament to this city. Under feelings
somewhat of this kind, Congress, at its last
session, passed a lull approprialins §50,000 for
the erection of the  in°s of the Patent-Office—
not for the erection of one wing, or for the
erection of wings seventy and eighty feet long, ac-
cording to the recommendation of the late Com-
missioner of Patents, but for the erection of the
wings according to the original plan. And what
was tliat original plan ? It was a quadrangle, and a
most beautiful edifice it will make. Well, sir, the
front was then two hundred and seventy feet long;
they were, according to this original plan, to ex-
tend the wings two hundred and seventy feet,
receding as far as the street behind the building,
and running north and south, (the name of which
1 forget,) leaving it to Congress at its pleasure at
some future day to add the northern front of this
magnificent quadrangle. Well, sir, we must sup-
pose that some room was warned for the Patent
Office, orour friend, Mr. Burke, would never have
recommended the addition of seventy or eighty
feet; some room was wanted. What, then, was the
Secretary of the Interior to do > Here was a de-
partment created at the close of the session of
Congress, and without any particular details of
the powers conferred on the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, the head of that department; but this appro-
priation bill says the Secretary of the Interior
shall cause these wings to be erectei1. Was he to
be the judge of a law passed by Congress? Was
he to take upon himself whether Congiess meant
this or that ? Well, what does he do ? He sends
for the plan, and what does he find? He finds
that the original plan was a quadrangular building,
and he was obliged by the law—a law which he
could not, and dare not disobey—to go on and
carry out the original plan by building the wings.
He had no discretion at all in the matter. He had
no revising power of the law, but according to the
strict language of the la w he pi oceeded to execute it.
Weil, how did he proceed? He proceeded to
erect the two wings, and to make the contract wilh
this small sum of $50,000, as a partial appropri-
ation. He supposed, as he had a right to sup-
pose—for certainly he cannot be supposed to have
been in the House of Representatives, and to have
heard the observations of the member from Penn-
sylvania, to whom reference has been made, and
probably the Congressional Globe, from which
these lemarks were read, was not published at the
time, and if they were, it is not probable they were
furnished to him in order to ascertain w«hat were
the intentions of Congress when they passed the
Jdw—that such was the intention of the act. So
supposing, he goes on and causes preparations to
be made tor the erection of the eastern wing, and
left the other in no sort of preparation except the
erection of a stone basement, merely to indicate
his disposition to carry out the legislation of Con-
gress. In this the Secretary acted in good faith.
It is true, as the Senator says, that each wing
would cost $300,000, and that if both were carried
on, it would cost some $600,000; and it is true also,
that this patent fund is inadequate to the comple-
tion of the work. And the Senator says that the
fund is sacred to science. I ask the Senator if a
building should be erected there, with a front on
four streets, of nearly twelve hundred feet, and
filled with the models and other evidences of the
genius of our countrymen, and the various collec-
tions which may be made in foreign countries, de-
veloping ail theeff'ortsof mechanism andofscieiice,
where the humblest individual from any part of the
country can exercise his taste and improve his own
means of thought, bringing to-perfection his own
ideas and suggestions, if that would not be a contri-
bution to science as noble as if it would be to keep
$216,000, collected from the ingenuity of thecoun-
uy, penned up in the treasury lrwrder to show how
economical we can be ? For myself, I will pursue no
such course. Let it go, then, for it can never be
more safely invested than it would be in the perma-
nent walls ofa noble edifice devoted to science itself.
I consider that policy a sound one, and I consider
also that the Secretary of the Inteilor has acted in
the course he has pursued entirely according to law.
If the Secretary—and I speak of him with the re-
spect which I entertain for him—had done other-
wise under that law, and a proposition had been
made to call him to account, or even for his impeach-
ment, 1 should go for it. Are executive officers of
the Government to disregard the positive enact-
ments of Congress, or to ascertain, before carry-
ing them out, what a certain member from Penn-
sylvania thought at a particular time, and what an
executive officer recommended should not be done ?
They have no supervisory power over the law,
but are bound to execute it, and the Secretary of
the Interior has done so, so far as the means with-
in his reach would allow. But the condition of the
building itself was also a warrant for his action.
Heie is that magnificent structuie, in its infancy,
because it is built of ihis friable sandstone, show-
ing signs ofdecay,crumbhngaway,and wrinkling
like us old men. It is dally frittei nig away, and
as I understand, has to be watched and lended in
its cradle as if in itsold age, or else it will be down
about the eais of the occupants. Under these cir-
cumstances, the Secretary has chosen to erect the
wings of the building of marble instead of this
mistiable sandstone. And was he not right in
that? Should this sanustone be further used in
any part of that building ? 1 should never use it in
any building, unless I intended it merely for my
own tenancy during the short time 1 have to re-
main here, but never if I intended it for those who
are to come after me. The Secretary acted exactly
as a mjn, dischaiging the duties of this office
with high and honorable sentiments, should do.
He has done just as a private individual would in
the direction of his own matters. No individual
would erect a building for his own use of this
fnable stone. The eastern wing is two hundied
and seventy feet m depdi, and seventy feet wide,
and it has progressed so fur m the work of con-
struction that it would costalmost as much to de-
stroy H as it would to finish it. To taken up
would be idle; and I say it with all respect, it is a
course which no gentleman would pursue in his
private contracts.
Now, suppose we go on and let this wing be
completed—for I propose myself to confine the
appropriation to that purpose—and let the other
wing lemain for the action of a subsequent Gon-
grt.sb. If we do this, is there any danger that we
shall have, too much room? Your Secretary of
the Interior is now in a lined building, and the
Post Office Department begins to find itself cir-
cumscribed for want of room; and is it strange
that with this country and Us postal business, ex-
tending as it does almost inimitably, that even
that magnificent structure, tne General Post Office,
should soon prove altogether inadequate for the
accommodation of the officers, papeis, and records
necessary to cany out that immense establish-
ment? The Patent Office is very near, and if per-
chance the Government has a spare room or story
of that new budding which is not warned for the
purposes of the Patent Office, which the Commis-
sioner says will be the case, here is a tenant of its
own which will be glad to occupy it. We must
do something of this kind by-and-by, inasmuch
as the location of the Post Office is such that it
cannot very readily be extended.
The Senator from New York expresses his
willingness to pay all expenses that have been
inclined, if the building only shall be arrested.
Now, there is a State, which the Senator knows
better than myself, which has reaped the benefits
of such a policy. In the enlargement of the Eiie
canal, the policy of arresting the work and break-
ing up contracts was pursued, and now that State
sees the necessity of going on wilh that project,
and of putting the canal under contract again.
And with all this enlargement and increased facili-
ties, the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Dooglas]
comes forward and says, that the people have not
means sufficient of getting jo market, and he wants
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence secured to
"them. Now, the State of New York has paid
about a million of dollar's for the-breaking, up. of
her canal contracts, and the General Government
is asked to pursue the same policy ,««nd pay,fifty
or one hundred thousand dollars for breaking up
this contract. I approve of no such,policy. ; ■
There are reasons which indace tne to. believe
that this appropriation should be made out of the
patent fund as long as it may last, and when that
is gone, let it come out of the Treasury. If-Con-
gress, however, chooses to'shed it over, and cover
up the work already done, to remain as a monu-
ment of vacillating legislation, it has power to do
so. But after this bill has passed the ordeal of
the House of Representatives, and the examination
of a gentleman who i's almost known as the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer there, I look upon it as
commending itself to the economical consideration
of us all. I hope, therefore, that this provision
will not be stricken out, but that the Senate will
concur wilh the House in an appropriation which
1 deem just, right, and proper, and to which the
faith of the Government stands pledged.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope, sir, that, with the
unanimous consent of the Senate, I may be per-
mitted to make a motion which will not interrupt
the present business before the body. . .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, hears
no objection.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Mortday.
'M -. BENTON, (in his seat.) Agreed—agreed
in a spirit of compromise.
The motion of Mr. Mangum was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me to have been
incontceittbly shown by the Senator who preceded
me, [Mr. Clarke,] that the building is now being
carried on uccoidmg to the original plan; and not
only that, but that the additions proposed to be
constructed are wanted for the public service. I
think, with the amendment which the Senator from
Rhode Island proposes to make, confining the ap-
piopnation to the completion of the eastern toing,
ihe appropriation is eminently proper; and one of
the considerations/which should induce its adop-
tion is, that this appropnauon is to be made out of
the Paten' Office fund. And although Mr. Ewbank
says that the incieased accommodation will be
unnecessary for the use of ihe Patent Office, yet
I feel much inclined to difer from him. Who
shall say that the building which now exists will
be sufficient, vast and immense as it is, for the
depository of the models and plans of  tiie inven-
tive genius of our countrymen ? .But whether it
is necessary for that purpose or not, rt is neces-
sary for the wants of the public service,-inasfnuch
as we are now hiring buildings, to a large extent,
for the accommodation of the public Offices. And
if it be necessary, could we. do a wiser thing than
to appropriate this surplus portion of the patent
fund to the purpose proposed ? By putting it to
the construction of" the building, we save it from
the purpose to which 1 know the present Commis-
sioner and others here would like to devote it.
We hear lhat there is a scheme to establish an
Agricultural bureau, and also for the purpose of
stimulating the inventive genius of the country,
by offering premiums and establishing Govern-
ment rewaids other than those which the law now
wisely gives to inventors m this interest It is a
scheme for establishing a splendid system of pre-
miums to those inventors, which a board, consti-
tuted perhaps for political puiposes, may deem
useful to their country. And tins system is to be
a stimulant to all sorts of wild inventions, and- to
take from them the conservative check, that best
of all checks, the certainty of reward, when their
inventions are useful to the country. In order to
sd\ e this fund from purposes of that character,'and
if there is any necessity for this additional room,
which 1 think there is, what better can we do
with it than devote it to the constiuction of this
additional wing? I think thai, with the amend-
ment the Senator from Rhode Island proposes,
we shall not only be saved from the danger of
any great additional expense in the construction
of the other wing, but we shall save the fund
from being devoted to a purpose, possibly mis-
chievous, and secure us appropnauon to one b<-n-
eficial-and u tlul, and kiiu mi to be neress.iry at
the present time; for we have not now the proper
accommodations for our public officers. And I
