1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.
the investigation'progressed. The committee did
not know Mr. Ritchie as the public printer, or
what he had to do with the investigation. Mr.
Belt, who gave bond, and who bid for the contract,
and to whom the contract was assigned under the
law, never has intimated a desire to come before
the committee, or any interest in the proceedings
of the committee. He has never applied for the
privilege of cross-examining the witnesses, and we
have his memorial now under consideration request-
ing that he shall be released from the contract. In
the face of this, Mr Ritchie avows himself to be
the public printer and the party really interested; but,
sir, he is only one of the securities, and is not
known, under the law, as even a bidder for the
contract. Why shall he be allowed to intervene?
He makes no allegation that his principal is insol-
vent or unable to execute the undertaking for which
he became his surity. Mr. Belt is a journeyman
printer, I understand, in the Union office. Mr.
Ritchie knows his means, and knew them when
he became his security. But, more, the committee
had several subjects of a general nature referred to
them and no courtesy required for Mr. Ritchie the
privilege of giving direction to their investigation
of those general topics, or of prolonging that in-
vestigation by cross examination. The committee
at an early period of their session, upon the de-
mand of Mr. Ritchie to be heard, determined that
when any matter, affecting i\lr. Ritchie as a man,
or in his property, should arise, he should be al-
lowed to cross-examine the witness. After the
committee had heard the witnesses in chief, the
whole body of the testimony was submitted to the
inspection of Mr. Ritchie, and he was informed
that by himself and counsel he could reexamine
the witnesses, or that he might introduce new tes-
timony to any points which he might deem perti-
nent. Urder this extension of courtesy, Mr.
Ritchie, by hi3 counsel, daily is presenting testi-
mony, and as he occasions the present delay in
the action of the committee, the time does not seem
to be propitious for a decision of the case. Had the
joint committee been-apprised of the status of the
cause, it is presumable they would not have offered
these resolutions in advance of our report. But,
Sir, we are also told that the contractor is unable to
proceed, and that 152,000 volumes yet remain to
be executed. May I ask the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Printing to say what works
fciese are, so far behindhand?
Mr. McWILLtB. The Patent Office report.
Mr. MARSHALL. Just what I expected.
The House ordered 150,000 copies of the agricul-
tural part of this report to be published, and the
printers determined to stereotype it. That is now
partly finished, as I learn, and no change in the
existing arrangement will, to any extent, expedite
the publication of this document. iThe mass of the
documents ordered at this session have now been
printed, and most of those remaining incomplete
can, by a proper application of f<?rce, be readily
executed. Is it the second part of the Patent Of-
fice report from which the contractor desires to be
relieved ? or, is it this document he desires to deliver
under the new arrangement ? The difference to him
will be striking, and the difference to the public
Treasury will also be remarkable.
Mr. Speaker, I will not weary the House by
dwelling longer upon this question, since Lam not
at liberty to enter upon the subject generally. Tlte j
time will come shortly when I can speak to it more j
at large, and I shall then avail myself of the oppor-
tunity to address such remarks to the ear'of the
House as shall seem proper to the conclusions
which I may form on the facts elicited by the com-
mittee. i have heard a great deal during this ses-
sion about the improper appropriation of the pub-
lic money, and i hope the Representatives of the
people wdl not follow bad examples, or set bad
precedents for others to pursue hereafter. I have
no desire to do injustice to ai>y party concerned in
these printing contracts. I have no desire to op-
press any one, and it shall be my care to do jus-
tice in any conclusions to which 1 may arrive. But
let us not be precipitate, and let us not, through
sympathy for alleged distress, abandon one system
and adopt another, without that deliberate consid-
eration of the subject which is demanded by its
real importance. Let us see what this contractor
will lose, m fact, by completing his contract, and
let us see under what circumstances he became
contractor^ whether he designed to perform the
work when he incurred the obligations of his bond;
whether, if he gives up the contract, another and
a competent printer will not undertake it for a
slightly enhanced price; or whether it is but to di-
vide it among the party presses of this city, so as
to sustain the proprietors at the expense of the
great body of the American people. I renew my
motion to refer the resolutions to the select com-
mittee on printing.
During the remarks of Mr. Marshall,
Mr. ASHMUN rose and asked him to yield the
floor for a momeut, for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL yielded the floor.
Mr. ASHMUN desired to suggest, in relation to
the inquiry made by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Parker,] that in the early proceedings of the
committee, Mr. Ritchie appeared and claimed to
be present by himself or his attorney, at all the
hearings of the committee, and to cross-examine
all the witnesses upon all the subjects before them.
The committee, inasmuch as rune-tenths of the
subjects before them were generally matters not
affecting Mr. Ritchie, decided that his request
should not be granted, but that whenever any mat-
ter^ affecting him personally should come up, then
he would be entitled to be present', and that
upon request, there would be no objection. When
the testimony was completed, the fact was commu-
nicated to Mr. Ritchie, and every opportunity was
given to him to examine it and be present by him-
self or any other person; and a partner of his
was present and availed himself of the opportunity
to cross-examine and to produce testimony.
Mr. PARKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Asiimun] assert that when
the testimony was to be taken in chief, it was com-
municated to Mr. Ritchie that he might come iti,
hear the testimony, and cross-examine the wit-
nesses ?
Mr. ASHMUN repeated the substance of his
previous statement.
Mr. PARKER said that here was an examina-
tion which had been proceeding for three or four
months, and the party interested, although not
technically the contractor, yet known to every
member of the committee to be a party interested,
was not permitted, or understood from the com-
mittee that he was excluded from the investi-
gation. He (Mr. P ) had been told of a wit-
ness living at Albany, who was examined in chief;
what his testimony was, was only made know
within ten days, and a request was sent by Mr.
Ritchie that the witness might again be summoned.
If such an answer had been given as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmiw] stated, it
oughrtohave been satisfactory to Mr. Ritchie.
AH he desired was to protect himself from any
indirect assault which might be made upon himm
relation to this contract. He (Mr. P.) had no
personal complaint to make. Ail he had to say
was, that considerable time would most probably
elapse in rebutting the testimony m chief, which
had been taken in this manner.
Mr. ORR said, he thought there was an evident
propriety in referring this report and resolutions
to the select committee on piintmg, for if the
House were to act upon it now, thty must act
without that information which was necessary to
do justice to the subject. He believed that the se-
lect committee were m possession of many facts
that would serve to enlighten the House. It was
proper, therefore, that those facts should be laid
before the House, before it proceeded to form a
judgment on this important subject. There was
one fact which he would mention, and which
would show to the House the necessity for the ref-
erence, which was, that the contractors for the
public printing during the last Congress took their
contract at sixty-six per cent, below the prices
paid in 1819. The Committee on Printing pro-
posed to give to the present contractors a rate of
remuneration forty-five percent, less than the prices
of 1819. It is true, continued Mr. 0that Messrs.
Wendall and Van Benthuysen lost some $18,U00.
But had they received fifty-four or fifty-six per
cent, less than the prices of 1819, they would
have incurred no loss whatever. And if the pub-
lic printing can be executed at that price, I can see
no propriety whatever in the House paying ihe
amount now proposed by the Committee on Print-
ing, viz: forty-five per cent, less than the prices of
1819.
Another thing: the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, under
the law regulating the printing, advertised for pro-
posals.. The proposal of Mr. Belt was only about
$18,000 lower than the next lowest bidder, it was
taken at seventy, or perhaps seventy-five per cent,
below the prices of 1819. The bids of the unsuc-
cessful applicants were about sixty-five per cent,
below the prices of 1819. Well, now, if you
propose to relieve these contractors, will you go
below that amount, and give them a greater sum
than the difference between the lowest bid and the
next one to it?
Another fact which I propose to submit is, that
the first part of the Patent Office report has already
been stereotyped, and theyarenow working off the
copies as fast as the press can dispatch them, it
is a large volume of six or seven hundred pages.
If the contractors are allowed the prices of 1819,
deducting forty-five per cent., according to the
proposal of the committee, the net proceeds of
the contract upon that document alone will be
#23,051.
Now, I ask this House if it would be right to
pass this resolution without first being put in pos-
session of the report of the select committee, which
will, in all probability, disclose these with other
material facts? With reference to the delay which
had been alluded to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucy, in bringing forward the report of the select
committee, that committee were now engaged in
examining witnesses, whom Mr. Ritchie desired
should be examined for the purpose of controvert-
ing and explaining certain facts which had been
elicited by the investigation of the select commit-
tee. When the examination of Mr. Ritchie's wit-
nesses is concluded, the committee will be pre-
pared to present their report., He did not think
the House ought to act on the question until that
report came in. This was a proposition which ap-
peared to him to be so plain and self-evident, that
it required no further argument.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (to the Speaker.)
If 1 move the previous question, and the House
should sustain it, what will be its effect?
The SPEAKER. The previous question, if
sustained, will bring the House to a vote, first, on
the motion to refer to the select committee; and,
if that motion should fail, on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR asked Mr. J. to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. For what purpose ?
Mr. TAYLOR. That I may put an inquiry to
the chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Mc Willie.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Will you renew the motion
if 1 withdraw it?
Mr. TAYLOR. I will do so.
Mr.-JOHjNSON. I withdraw the motion.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. TAYLOR said he desired merely to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, whether they were likely to get the second
part of the Patent Office report within the present
year; and also at what time the select committee
would probably make their report?
Mr. McWH_/LIE stated that the second portion
of the Patent Office report was now going; through
jhe press. This wa3 the part which related to the
mechanic arts. The agricultural portion would
also in a few days be ready for the press. And if
all the presses ot the city were set upon the work,
it could be done rapidly, but if it had to be done
solely by the office now engaged with the.public
printing, it could not possibly be completed before
next January.
Mr. TAYLOR, who was very indistinctly heard
on the right of the Chair, was understood to re-
mark, that it was highly necessary that the print-
ing of that report, as well as ail the rest of the pub-
he printing, should be completed at as early a day
as possibly.
Mr. W&NTWORTH (the floor being yielded
to him) said,- his impression was that the very
anxiety of the House to £et the public printing
done promptly had been the chief cause of the de-
lay. The contractors had only to say that they
could not do the work more expeditiously unless
| they got better prices. As to when the select com-
l mittee would be prepared to report, he could only
1 say that it was a matter of some difficulty to get
[ the committee together. They were now engp^ed
| m the examination of witnesses', and two or three
j days would probably complete the testimony;
