1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- 1823
perhaps by Monday next, they would be prepared
to make their report.
Mr. McWILLIE (the floor being still yielded
by the gentleman from Ohio) said he had been
awaiting the action of the select committee for
some months, in the expectation that they would
report, so that the House might have before it the
information which that report would furnish.
He had withheld as long as. he had felt at liberty
to do so, the report of the Committee on Printing.
But he did not suppose that the select committee
would recommend a plan by which the work
should be done hereafter; and he did not think
there could be much objection to the proposition
■which the Committee on Printing had submitted.
If the House was to be governed by precedent,
they could find a thousand precedents, and most
extravagant ones too; but the course proposed by
the Committee on Printing was one by which jus-
tice would be done, and that justice would be
tempered with mercy.
Mr. ORR (the floor being yielded to him) said he
desired to inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Printing whether this House had ever released
Wendell and Van Benthuysen from their contract?
Mr. McWILLIE,in reply to the gentleman from
South Carolina, said, no such case had been pre-
sented to the committee, and he knew nothing
about it
Mr. ORR. Well,sir, I know they have not.
Mr. McWILLIE (continuing) said, he was
willing that the resolution should be referred to the
select committee; or, that any other disposition
should be made of it, which the House might think
proper to make.
Mr. TAYLOR said, he thought the House
ought to come to some conclusion upon the sub-
ject of the public printing. They had been in
session now nearly ten months, and had absolutely
not yet been enabled to procure from the public
printers work which should have been done at an
early period of the session. They were only now
receiving the third portion of the President'sannual
message to Congress, together with a portion of
the documents accompanying it. A select com-
mittee had been for the last three months investi-
gating the subject, and no report had yet been
made by them; and it was not until this morning
that a report had been made by the Committee on
Printing. It appeared very singular, indeed, that
the House could not devise some mode by which
the public printing could be executed promptly,
and not have the work delayed for nearly ten
months to accommodate a few contractors. It
was a very great outrage, and one which, if it were
within his power to do it, he would correct in-
stantly. The sending committee on printing had
submitted a proposition to the House, which, it
appeared to him, was calculated to advance the pub-
lic interest b^ having the printing done promptly,
even if a higher price had to be paid for it. He
for one had always been willing to vote a liberal
remuneration to the printer who was authorized
to do the work of the House. The Senate was
paying the Union and Intelligencer liberally for re-
porting and publishing their debates and proceed-
ings, and they were given in such a manner as to
present to the country a full and accurate view of
the proceedings of that body, and published with-
out delay; but so far as the publishing of public
documents by the public printers was concerned,
the work was grossly neglected. What he should
propose, would be to absolve these printer^ from
doing anymore work under the contract, and give
the work to others.
He was informed, and he believed the informa-
tion rested upon good authority, that the agricul-
tural portion of the Patent Office report would be
finished in about four weeks from this time, but
if they were to wait for the .printing of it by the
present contractors they would not get it this year.
He hoped the House would, so far as the remain-
der of the printing was concerned, authorize the
Clerk to have it done by other printers. He had
an amendment drawn up to that effect, and if in
order he would offer it now.
The SPEAKER said, the amendment was not
now in order.
Mr. TAYLOR said, that he should protest
against any fuither delay, and if the evil were not
promptly temedied by the present contractors, he
should insist upon the work being taken out of
their hands. He renewed the demand for the pre-
vious question.
And there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, (being, first, on the reference of the bill to
the select committee on printing.)
Mr. CARTTER asked the yeas and nays; but
withdrew the demand.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the joint resolution was referred to the select
committee on printing.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call of
the committees for reports.
THE STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BAYLY said that he had been directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report a
bill " creating the office of Assistant Secretary of
Slate, and for other purposes"—accompanied by
a report.
The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. BAYLY moved that it be referred, with the
accompanying report, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that they be
printed,
Mr. RICHARDSON, (to the Speaker.) Is it
in order to move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. BAYLY, (claiming the floor.) I am sur-
prised at the motion indicated by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] although after
what has occurred here to-day 1 can scarcely be
surprised at anything. [Laughter.] The bill is
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
and by the unanimous vote of that committee.
Mr. JONES desired Mr. B. to yield the floor
for a moment.
Mr. BAYLY preferred not to yield.
Mr. BAYLY proceeded. It is the same bill 
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) I was not present
in committee when the bill was reported.
Mr. BAYLY. I know that the gentleman was
not present. I speak of those who were.
Mr. KAUFMAN put a question to Mr. Bayly,
which was not distinctly heard, but the purport of
which was understood to be, whether the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had any jurisdiction over
a ease of this kind ?
Mr BAYLY. To arrest at once the disposi-
tion which I see evinced to put me in a false atti-
tude in relation to these matters, I desire to make
a few remarks upon this bill.
It is precisely the same bill which was brought
to the attention of Congress by Mr. Buchanan in
1846, and which was repotted to the House by the
Judiciary Committee. Accompanying the report
was Mr. Buchanan's letter, showing the neces-
sity for the additional force.
Mr. RICHARDSON was understood to inquire
if a portion of the business formerly transacted in
the State Department had not been transferred to
the Patent Office ?
Mr. BAYLY replied that it had; but he added
that the force which had been employed upon that
business had also been transferred. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had investigated the facts,
and were satisfied beyond the possibility of a
doubt as to the propriety of making the change
asked for. When the subject should be brought
before the Committee of the Whole, he would be
prepared to defend the proposition against all at-
tacks that might be made upon it, let them come
from what quarter they might. He moved that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON said that during his short
service in Congress, he had observed that when-
ever it was desned to create a number of new offi-
ces, to enlarge the patronage of this Government,
new duties for those new officers to discharge were
readily contrived. For the purpose of curtailing
those superfluous duties, he intended to move to
lay the bill upon the table. The gentleman from
Virginia had assigned no reasons why the bill
should be passed. He would ask the gentleman
to state why this House was called on now to
create additional officers of this Government, with
hi"h salaries? Was there any good reason why
j there should be an additional Secretary of State ?
If there was any reason, the gentleman-from Vir-
ginja had avoided stating it. He was opposed to
the proposition altogether.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (the floor
being yeilddd to him,) said he would present one
single consideration which had had a great deal of
force with him. It was represented by Mr. Bu-
chanan, that such was the want of force in the
State Department, that in regard to the item of
claims against foreign Governments, they were
not investigated and understood by the present
board, and the result was, that our ministers
abroad were frequently instructed to demand
claims which we ourselves would not admit, nor
think of paying if made against this Government
—claims which, upon consideration and investiga-
tion,-we should not think just. It certainly ap-
peared to him to be important that this deficiency
should be supplied.
Mr. RICHARDSON (resuming;) said he had
no doubt that any officer of this Government, with
the view of getting an increase of salary, could
easily manage to impose a part of his duties on
somebody else. That this had been practiced by
some, was a fact that was well known to every
gentleman on that floor. He had no doubt the
Secretary of State would be very willing to have
the duties of his office discharged by somebody
else, whilst he enjoyed the honor and emoluments.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, that
if the gentleman's remarks were intended to be
applied to the present Secretary of State, he was
laboring under a misapprehension. Mr. Buchan-
an had recommended the same thing, with this
difference, that he wanted the appointment of the
Assistant Secretary himself.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he recollected it was
urged two years ago that there was an absolute
necessity for creating this Home Department.
Mr. STRONG (interposing, and the floor being
yielded to him,) said, he desired to ask the gentle-
man whether since Mr. Buchanan wrote that let-
ter a very large proportion of the duties of the
Secretary of State had not been transferred to the
Department of the Interior?
Mr. RICHARDSON said he was just going to
remark that such was the fact. He believed that
at least one half of the duties of the Secretary of
State had been transferred to the Home Depart-
ment.
Mr. VINTON (the floor being yielded) said
that by a reference to Mr. Buchanan's letter it
would be seen that an extension of the force of
the State Department was indispensably neces-
sary. '
Mr. RICHARDSON said he would like to in-
quire of the gentleman why it was, if they wanted
additional clerks, they did not apply for them and
not seek a reorganization of the department ?
The gentleman from Virginia had told them that
after the vote of this morning he had made up his
mind not to be astonished at anything. He could
assure the gentleman that he alone was lesponsi-
ble for that vote..
The SPEAKER called the gentleman from Illi-
nois to order.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he was merely re-
plying to a remark made by the gentleman him-
self.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Mr. Richardson yield-
ing) said he had been rather taken by surprise by
the report from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and would not now attempt anything
more at present than to give a brief history of the
measure before the House. The same subject had
been brought to the attention of Congress m 1846,
by Mr. Buchanan, then Secretary of State. That
distinguished officer had addressed a communica-
tion to Mr. Rathbun, chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, urging the inadequacy of the
clerical force in the State Department to perform
the public business in an efficient and satisfactory
manner, and asking for an addition to that force.
Ttre subject was debated, but failed to receive the
sanction of Congress at that session. During the
present session he had understood that the late
| Secretary of State, Mr Clayton, had renewed this
i representation in a communication to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. And within a few days
past, (say some three or four,) Mr. McC. had re-
ceived a communication from the present Secretary
of State upon the same subject. Contemporane-
ously, probably, the chairman of the Committee
