1824
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. Hi.
of Ways and Means received a similar communi-
cation from Mr. Webster. Mr. McC. had stated
then to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
that it was too late in the session to bring the sub-
ject to the attention of Congress. He understood
the gentleman from Virginia to acquiesce m this
opinion. Hence, Mr. DftcC. repeated that he was
surprised that the bill under consideration had
been reported. And this surprise was enhanced
.from the fact that the subject of the bill did not
properly pertain to the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whose business re-
lated chiefly to the public revenues and expendi-
tures. Ana in this opinion he was corroborated
by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Kaufman,]
who had preceded Mr. McC. in the expression of
this opinion. The bill proposed, in effect, a reor-
ganization of the Siate Department, and it was
now clearly too late to begin a measure of that
importance. He was, therefore, opposed to action
now upon the subject. At the next session he
would be inclined to give it full consideration and
a final decision.
Mr. CROWELL made a remark which the
Reporter was unable to hear.
Mr. JONES rose, he said, to make a point of
order, which he desired should be decided by the
Chair. It was, whether a commiitee of that
House could, upon the private recommendation of
the head of any one of the departments of this Gov-
ernment, or whether a committee of this House
could, of its own mere motion or volition, take
jurisdiction of a subject and report by bill to this
House, upon a subject not coming within their pre-
scribed duties ? The point which he now made
was, that the subject of this bill, viz: the increase
of the personnel of the State Department had never
beep before this House, and consequently had
never been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means by the House, although the commit-
tee had reported a bill to create the office of Assist-
ant Secretary of Stale, and four or five additional
clerks at a salary of $2,000 each, and another at a
salary of $1,500. He wished the Chair to decide
whether it was in order for the committee to do
this. He thought it was not.
The SPEAKER said that in the opinion of
the Chair it was too late to make the point of order,
the bill having been read a first and second time,
and a motion made to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he had intended to
make the same point of order in reference to a res-
olution that was reported the other day from the
same committee. The gentleman from Virginia,
he knew, was a learned and ingenious special
pleader, but it did seem to him that this was a mat-
ter over which the Committee of Ways and Means
had no jurisdiction whatever. He was satisfied
that there was not time to give this subject that de-
liberation that ought to be given to it, and he
would move, therefore, that the whole subject be
iaid on the table, and on that motion he asked for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY requested the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his motion,to enable him to make
an explanation.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew the motion.
Mr. BAYLY said he could not help regarding
the motion of the gentleman as an extraordinary
one, to lay the bill on the table without a solitary
word of explanation, and when gentlemen here
knew nothing about it. The committee had in-
vestigated thesubject, and had reported a bill, and
asked that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the W hole House on the state of the Union, where
it might be fully discussed. It was a most extraor-
dinary course to object to a proposition of this
kind without allowing its friends to have a hear-
ing.
Now, sir, (continued Mr. B.,) we have investi-
gated the whole matter thoroughly, but when I
reported this bill 1 had no expectation of pushing
it through the House hurriedly. I would not have
asked such a thing. 1 only desired that it should
go to the Committee of the Whole, that it might
undergo discussion. The subject has been pressed
upon Congress by three successive Secretaries of
State. And on one occasion when the application
was before the House, I recollect I had a conver-
sation wuh Mr. Buchanan ori the subject, and he
assured me that such a measure was absolutely
necessary. Mr. Clayton has had several inter-
views with me on the subject, and he addressed
me a communication relating to it early in the ses-
sion. Mr. Webster has done the same thing.
But if the gentleman supposes that I desir'e to pre-
vent invest igation or discussion, he is greatly mis-
taken.
Now as to the point suggested by the gentleman
from Tennessee. It is a subject which clearly be-
longs to the Committee of Ways and Means. It
is a measure for carrying on the business of one
of the departments of this Government, and one
which will involve the expenditure of money. It
comes clearly within the prescribed duty of that
committee, and it has been so understood from the
foundation of the Government. The creation of
the office of Secretary of the Interior originated
with the Committee of Ways and Means—the
Department of the Interior itself originated with
that committee. The propositions for the increase
of clerks in the various departments have always
originated with that committee.
But the gentleman from Tennessee asks how
thesubject got befoie the committee? Does not
the gentleman know that the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, in which the Department of State
is provided for, was referred to that Committee?
When we had that bill under consideration, Mr.
Webster desired me to put in this bill in substance
as an amendment to it, but our committee decided
that inasmuch as it was a matter that would give
rise to a good deal of debate, and as the session
was so nearly exhausted, we would not put
in this bill, or any new appropriation that would
give rise to debate. We determined to bring it in
as a separate measure that it might stand on its
own merits. Whether the House pass it at this
session or not, is a matter which I feel no great
anxiety about. I think it would be eminently
proper that we should do so, but when it goes to
the Committee of the Whole, if we find that we
have not sufficient time to consider it maturely, let
it lie over until the next session of Congress. I
shall not press it; I have no desire to press it.
The gentleman complains because I am not will-
ing to embarrass the department by withholding
the force that is required. If any one supposes that
the Democratic party is to be benfited by opposing
everything without consideration, I think they
will find themselves very much mistaken. I have
had a good deal of experience, and have received,
occasionally, some credit for sagacity in relation
to such matters, and if I am to be judged of by
my success in political life perhaps, it has not been
altogether undeserved; but I can assure the gen-
tleman that I have never known the time when an
individual has ever gained anything for himself,
personally, or for the Government, by blind and
indiscriminate opposition. Let us scrutinize all
propositions; pass what is right, and reject what is
wrong; and we shall stand before the country
properly justified. Sir, if 1 have not done for my
party anything else, 1 have at least presented it m
an attitude before the country that it ought to be
proud to occupy. This measure, sir, was favora-
bly received by the Demociatic pafty in 184G. 1
know the fact, for I was at that time a member of
this House. It was reported from the Judiciary
Committee by Mr. Rathbun, who was not at that
time friendly to the administration of Mr. Polk.
That gentleman, Democrat as he was, not at all
disposed to facilitate the views of the Administra-
tion in any shape, reported the bill. I had fre-
quent interviews with Mr. Buchanan about it, and
he constantly represented the necessity there was '
for the passage of the measure.
But the gentleman says, the Department of the
Interior has been since created, and that a large
portion of the business of the State Department
has been transferred to it. But, sir, the whole
force of the State Depaitment that was connected
with the Patent Office, which has been transferred
to the Department of the Interior, was transferred
along with it. And if the gentlemen will examine
Mr. Buchanan's letter, they will find there the
specified duties which it is designed shall be per-
formed by this increased force that is asked for;
and not one particle of the business that the Sec-
letary asks assistance in the transaction of, has
been transferred at all. My friend from New
Hampshire, who understands this matter perfectly,
suggests to me to have Mr. Buchanan's letter read;
but our time is so precious, that although the read-
ing of the letter would sate me from such com-
plaints as have been made, yet I would ra|her bear
them than consume the time of the House, and
delay the public business. I will subject myself
to misconception, I will not say misrepresentation,
rather than consume the time of the House, which
is so precious at this late period of the session.
All that I have asked is, that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Unionj and if there should not be time to take it up
and act upon it at this session, let it lie over until
the next. I shall not'be importunate about it.
Mr. McCLERNAND (Mr. Bayly yielding)
said, he had not in what he had previously said,
nor did he now propose to go into the merits of
this question. It was not improbable that the
clerical force of the State Department was insuffi-
cient—it would probably promote the public inter-
ests to add to that force. But what he wished to
say was first, that the Committee of Ways and
Means was not the proper committee from which
a measure of this kind should emanate. It wasan
unwarranted stretch of authority on the part of
that committee to take jurisdiction of it. He
doubted not that the chairman of the Committee-
of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] had acted in the
matter from candid and honest motives—from a
sense of public duty; but he should not forget that
a mere appropriation contained in a bill, or involved
in a measure, is not enough of itself in all cases to
give his committee jurisdiction. According to
such a rule there would be little or no occasion for
any other committee than the one over which he
presides with so much assiduity and credit. What
do we understand to be the fact here? The bill
under consideration, in view of the inadequacy of
the force in the State Department, propoSss what
is in effect a reorganization of that department—it
proposes a classification of the business and the
under officers of that department—it proposes
what in reason and consistency, unquestionably
appertains to the jurisdiction and duties of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The communica-
tion—the reasoning of Mr. Buchanan upon the sub.
ject confirmed this view. For these reasons Mr.
McC. was as much surprised that the Secretary of
State had committed the subject to the care of the
Committee of Ways arid Means, as that that com-
mittee had reported upon it. Since the report had
been made he tfould not impeach itupon any formal
or technical ground—he would not impeach its
merits on any such ground—but he was in favor of
postponing action upon it until the next session of
Congress. During the next session the House
will have time to investigate thesubject, and to tlo
in the premises, in the light way, whatever may
be proper to be done. He would therefore vote to
lay the bill on the table; and if that motion should
fail, he would then vote to refer if to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, where it might remain until the
next sessioa.
Mr. BAYLY said, the increase of force asked
for was a matter which had nothing to do with
our foreign affairs, and was not, therefore, a sub-
ject for the Committee on Foreign Affairs to con-
sider. It related exclusively to the carrying on of
the business of the department, which belonged
exclusively to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposing,
said he hoped the gentleman from Virginia would
allow the question to betaken on his motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON (Mr. Bayly yielding the floor
temporarily) said he did not know what course the
chaiiman of the Committee of Ways and Means
would prefer to take in reference to this bill. For
his own part, he would like to see the bill put upon
its passage and passed. It had happened accident-
ally that he had had conversations on the subject
with both of the late Secretaries, after they had
retired from office,%nd both of them had informed
him that this change was absolutely indispensable;
that the greater portion of the time of the Secre-
tary, when it ought to be devoted to great and im-
portant matters concerning our foreign relations,
was occupied with mere clerical duties. *
Mr. THOMPSON, of Missi ssippi, inquired
whether the bill contained an appropriation?
Mr. BAYLY. The bill contains no appropria-
tion; but it creates the necessity for an appropria-
tion.
I shall not (continued Mr. B.) take the course
suggested by the gentleman ftom Tennessee. With
great respect for him, I shall not move that it be
put upon its passage, because I desire that it shall
go to the Committee of the Whole, where it inay
