7 SO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
itative ami practical one. The plan mentioned by
the Senators from Vermont and New York is a
speculative plan; it never had the authority of
Government, or the approbation of any authorized
officer of Government. It was the productian of
the fancy of individuals; and when gentlemen talk
about a speculative plan, they talk of other things
than those which the President and Congress have
looked to._
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 15, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
DEATH OF MR. CAMPBELL.
The SPEAKER rose and said:
Gentlemen of the House of Represtntalives:
It is my duty to inform you of the death of Mr.
Campbell, late Clerk of this House, which oc-
curred since the adjournment of the House on Fri-
day last. 1 may be permitted to accompany this
melancholy announcement with a single remaik,
that since my official association with him, lie has
faithfully discharged all the duties of his office, so
far as the same came within my knowledge or
observation.
Mr. GENTRY rose and made the following
remarks:
Mr. Speaker: I believe it is the first time since
theexistenceof this Government that a Clerk ofthis
House has died while Congress was in session;
and there is no precedent to guide us as to what
our predecessors would have deemed appropriate
proceedings upon an occasion like this. The offi-
cer whose death you have just announced, and to
■whose official fidelity you have borne truthful tes-
timony, has good claims to testimonials of honor-
able remembrance, independent of his official
connection with this House. In Tennessee, his
native State, he has always commanded, in a high
degree, the respect and confidence of a large circle
of friends, and has at different periods received
from the people among whom his life has been
spent,distinguished marks of confidence. He has
been repeatedly Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives of the Tennessee Legislature, and a mem-
ber of that body. He was once elected a member
of this House, and was elected its Clerk by the last
and present House of Representatives. These
facts emphatically test the excellence of his char-
acier, and speak his eulogy more eloquently than
could the voice of partial friendship. 1 hope it
will accord with the feelings of the House to adopt
unanimously the resolutions which I send to the
Chair.
The Clerk then read the following resolutions,
viz:
Rewired, That thi« House has heard, with deep «en«?i-
bihtv, the announcement ol the death of the Hon. Thomas
JeffbrpOv Cami'ijem,. late Clfrk of tins House.
Resolved. That, a teMiniony of re-pect tor the memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of this House
will vve.u the umm! badge of mourning lor thirty days.
Resolved, Thai the pioeeedurg-* of this fJoiise, in relation
to the deatl) of the Hon. Thomas J. Coti'bff.r., he oommu-
nieau'd to the family ol the deceased by the Speaker.
Resolved, That the Hou^e, as a further mark of respect
for ins uiemorj, do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
And the House adjourned.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of C. Boyd and 78
Others, citizens ol Harmony, in the State of Maine, praying
! Coii'Thss to pass a law, during its present session, to estab-
j ii>h Ba uniform rate of postage, not to exceed one cont on
\ newspapers, and two cents oh each prepaid letter ol hall
an ounce, lor ali distances8, and for other corresponding
reforms*   
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Hv Mr KOBK1N3* A petition, signed by Charles Sheble
and 66 othn-, an/.ens ol KonMngton, Pennsylvania, re-
questing tliat piovt-ion he made by law, thai whenever a
person rdi.iil he ane-ted a- a tusimve slave in any State
oilier than that in whn-h he i - alleged to be held to service,
he shall not be d  liver, d to (he claimant, or IiH agent, except
on the findniir of a jury th.it be h the ^lave (it the claimant.
Al-o, a petition, Mgned by Jam< s Biooks and 64 oilier*,
citizens ot Perms) lvumsi. pmving Contne^ to repeal all
Jaws and parts of laws, adopted or enacted, by winch
slavery or the -lave tt.-ule is nmborized or sanctioned m the
ciiv of \Va-lun toii,nr the Di«-trn I of Columbia; ami tn the
event of their nou repeal, ihe ,-eat of the National Govern-
ment may be removed to -ome more suitable loeaiion.
AKo, a petition, .-igned by Joint Morris ami (xS others,
Citizens o{ Kensington, Penult Ivama. pray im.' that no State
be hm alter Admitted into the Union, tittles* the constitution
of .-mb Stare fhali expressly prohibit the exi-ilence of
slavery within us limits.
AIm>,a p-titiori, signed by William Mrtcnlfe and 68 othete.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 15, 1850.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
George Talcott, an officer in the army of the U mted
Slates, asking to be allowed the pay and emolu-
ments of a colonel of ordnance during the period for
which he performed the duties of that office; which
was referred to "the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition from citizens
of Cayuga Falls, Ohio, asking a reduction of post-
age; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of John B. Brooks, son and
heir of Joseph Brooks, a revolutionary soldier,,
asking compensation for his father's services; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Henry McColtum and John
McCollum, remonstrating against the renewal of
the patent of William R. Kevins for a biscuit and
cracker culling machine: which was referreu to the
Committee on Patents and the Paient Office.
Also, a petition from citizens of Erie county,
New Yoik, asking the adoption of measures for
the adjustment of international difficulties by arbi-
tration; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS presented two petitions from citizens
of Michigan and Wisconsin, asking the construc-
tion of a road from Fort Wilkins, in Michigan, to
Green Bay, in Wisconsin; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of William Andrews, asking
to be allowed bounty land for his services as a sol-
dier in the battle of Tippecanoe, and other Indian
wars; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Jackson county,
Michigan, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Jackson to Mason, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,
Mr. YULEE presented a petition of citizens of
Florida, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Homasassa to Long Pond, and a mail-route
from Fanning to Marion, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
George W. Perkins, jr., James H. Leigh, and
others, remonstrating against the further extension
of Wood worth's patent for a planing machine;
which was refeired to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
citizens of Iowa, asking the establishment of an
additional land district in that Slate; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a lesobviion of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing the Sena-
tors and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress to use their efforts to procure the
enactment of a law granting bounty lands to the
officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines of the last
war with Gieat Britain; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
George C. Hut'.er, asking to be restored to his rank
m the army; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD piesented the petition of Abel
Stevens, and one hundred other traveling preach-
ers of the Methodist Church in Rhode Island, and
adjacent portions of Massachusetts, setting forth
' their belief that American slavery is inrompatible
j with humanity, the Christian faith, and the moral
1 well-being; of the country, and theiefore asking the
adoption of some means for abolishing it in the
, United States; which was ordered to lie on the fable.
Also, three petitions from citizens of New York,
asking that slaveiy and the slave trade may be
! abolished m the District of Columbia, or the seat
\ of Government removed therefrom.
; ANo, thiee petitions of citizens of the same
i State, asking that the right of trial by jury may
be stcured to fugitive slaves airested in any State
o! n-ntLMnii, P^iiu-jlvaui i, ura>mn Mtat blavm' , , . , . ■ . . .. .
ami Hie niuvo trndu maybe expressly prohibited by act oY! I other than that in w hich future service is claimed.
Congress m all the territories ol'the United Suites. * !{ Also, three petitions from citizens of the same
place, asking that slavery and the stave trade may
be prohibited by law in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, three petitions from citizens of the same,
asking that no more States be admitted into the
Union whose constitution does not expressly pro-
hibit slavery, all of which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from citizens
and electors of the State of Michigan, asking that
the right of trial by jury may be secured to fugitive
slaves' when arrested in any other State than that
in which they are held to service; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. CilASE presented twenty-four petitions
from citizens of Ohio, a petition of citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, and a petition of citizens of Ohio coun-
ty, in the State of Virginia, asking that slavery
and the slave trade may be prohibited in all the
territories of the United States.
Also, twenty-two petitions of citizens, and a
petition of female inhabitants of Ohio, a petition
of citizens of Ohio, a petition of citizens of Massa-
chusetts, and a petition of citizens of Ohio county,
Virginia, asking that the right of trial by jury may
be secured to fugitive slaves arrested in any other
State than that in which their service is claimed.
Also, twenty-six petitions of citizens of Ohio, a
petition of citizens of Massachusetts, and a petition
of citizens of Ohio county, Virginia, asking that
slavery and the slave trade may be abolished in
the District of Columbia, or the seat of Govern-
ment removed therefrom.
Also, twenty-four petitions of citizens, and a
petition of female inhabitants of Ohio, a petition of
citizens of Massachusetts, and a petition of citizens
of Ohio county, Virginia, asking that no State
may be hereafter admitted whose constitution does
not expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking the immediate abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia. All of
which petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
* THE OHIO RIVER NAVIGATION.
Mr. CORWIN. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of Charles Ellet. The memo-
rialist sets forth in this paper a great variety of
facts relating to the navigation of the Ohio river.
Various attempts have been made by Congress, at
different periods of time, to improve the navigation
of that stream. He suggests the reason why those
attempts have been hitherto unsuccessful. He
presents, along with the memorial, a book, which,
I am happy to see, is on the desk of each member
of the Senate, which contains the reasons upon
which the project now presented by the memo-
rialist is based. The work is one of the series of
the " Smithsonian Contributions to Knowledge,"
and is entitled " Contnbution to the Physical Ge-
' osraphy of theUnited States. Part 1. of the Phys-
ical Geography of the Mississippi valley, with
' suggestions for the improvement of the naviga-
' lion of the Ohio and other rivers, by Charles
1 Ellet, jr., Civil Engineer." He ptoposes, in this
memonal, if Congress shall aid his object by an
appropriation for some preliminary examinations,
to make the Ohio river, from its sources to us junc-
tion with the Mississippi river, peifectly navigable
at all seasons of the year for that class of boats
which it is probable will be at any future time
tunning upon that river. He sets forth in the
pamphlet which is upon the table of Senators, a
series of examinations which he has made for the
last fifteen or twenty years, prosecuted with gieat
skill, and determining the capacity of the tnbuta-
rits of the Ohio to produce the desired result, « ith
what appears to me to be mathematical m-tainty.
The memorialist prays that Congress will appro-
priate fifteen or twenty thousand dollars 10 aid in
making further examinations, which it will be ne-
cessary to make under the authority of ihe Gov-
ernment prior to any final action upon the main
object of the petition. 1 should prefer, it consistent
with the rule of the Senate, that this memorial
should go to some committee not overburdened
with business. Flow ever, as its pioper destination
for the present, I move that it be referred, as is
usual with all such petitions, to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
