7S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1850.
The pending question was the motion to strike
out the item
"Toward the erection of the wings of the Patent Office
building, according to the original plan, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, §90,000, to be paid out of
the patent fund."
Mr. DICKINSON. I have nothing: further to
say on this question; and I trust that we will now
proceed to a vote, and try to get through with the
bill to-day. I have been desired to present a peti-
tion in relation to the Patent Office, with a request
that it may be read to the Senate. It relates to a
matter which I have not examined into. How-
ever, I ask that it may be read, and after that I
hope that we shall proceed to take a vote upon the
question.
[The petition was then partially read; but at
the request of Mr. Dickinson, the further reading
was dispensed with.]
Mr. DICKINSON. As the Senate is now
more full than it may be hereafter, I will ask that
the question betaken on the pending amendment,
and upon it I shall demand the yeas and nays. If
that amendment be stricken out, I shall offer the
following:
" For [he erection ot the wing of the Patent Office, upon
the plan submitted tn Congress by the Commissioner of
P-ttenes in his annual report, $50,000, to bo paid nut of
the patent fund, and the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings is hereby directed, in strict conformity with said plan,
to have it carried on in such way as shall be necessary for
th"t purpose, for which a just compensation shall be made
out of the fund hereby appropriated "
That will take all the raw material, and bring it
back to the original plan.
Mr. CLARKE. As the Senator from New
York has presented an amendment which he pro-
poses to offer, provided the motion to strike out is
agreed to, I also propose to offer an amendment,
which I hope will meet the approbation of the
Senate. It is as follows:
"Toward the completion of the ea«t wing of the Patent
Office building, according to the otiginal plan, and placing
the foundation of the west wing in a *tate of security, under
the direction of the Secietaiy of the Interior,$90,000, to be
paid out of the patent fund."
Mr. DICKINSON. The amendment of my
friend from Rhode Island will not accomplish any-
thing. It simply does just what the Secretary of
the Interior states m his report he has directed to
have done, with his view of the law as it now
stands; that is, to lay the ground wall of the west
wing. That is all he proposed to do, and to have
the other winjj earned up and finished. So that i
this amendment leaves it where the Secretary of j
the Interior did. j
Mr. CLARKE. My object is to have the east j
wing erected and to have this appropriation con- J
fined to the erection of that wing. But, at the j
same lime, since work has been done on the west j
wing;, and an excavation has been made and a \
foundation laid, which leaves the whole building ;
in a state of insecurity, my amendment applies to
securing the foundaton of the west wing and con-
tinuing the building of the east wing. If this is
in conformity with the report of the Secretary of
the Interior, my object is to confine him and every-,
body else to the purposes specified in my amend-;
merit. I think the Senator from New York will !
hardly say that the work on the west wing should j
be left as it now is. This amendment will take j
away the discretion given to the Secretary of the !
Interior, and all other officers, and confine the ap- i
propriation to securing the west wing and com- j
pleting the east wing. I
Mr. W HI rCOMB. I confess I should like to j
know a little more about this question before 1
voting upon it. I should like to know the extent j
of the material furnished and the stage of prepa- I
ration for the building; I should also like to know, !
if this matter stops short, whether there is to be '
any claim for damages on the score' of breach of;
contract. lam uninformed on all these points. I j
will just state briefly that the general view I have i
of this matter is this: I am for completing the;!
building to a reasonable extent, limited to the ij
present exigences of the service, leaving it to be !;
added to, or extended, according to the original j!
plan, and without sanctioning a plan that will go \ \
on indefinitely in a course ofexecutive legislation. jj
Mr. DICKINSON. The contracts, I take it, j
are made according to law. They cannot go be- ;'i
yond the appropriation. They had no power to ij
go beyond it. They have reserved to themselves |i
a control over it so as to absolutely arrest it at the
end of the appropriation. There is no doubt that
some expense will be incurred if the work is ar-
rested and partly removed, but my view of it is
that much less of useless expense will be thus in-
curred than if we go on. 1 do not suppose that
the building will be any way damaged if both
wings are built to the extent of a hundrfed feet in
length, for these contractors will then have an op-
portunity of using up all the raw materials. They
will have an opportunity of doing a considerable
portion of the work, at any rate; and the amount
to which they will be justly entitled for lemoving
the work will be inconsiderable compared with
the amount which will be required to carry it on.
Mr. PEARCE. The object of my friend from
Rhode Island is, to confine any appropriation to
the prosecution of the building of the east wing;
but he also proposes the application of so much
as may be necessary to preserve and secure the
west wing. This will be somewhat different from
what the chairman of the committee supposes, it
will have the effect to carry on with more rapidity
the woik necessary for the completion of the east
wing. If the west wing be left in its present con-
dition, we shall lose the fruit of all that has been
done, and the building will be liable to injury. The
object of the gentleman's amendment is, to carry
on the work of the west wing, so far as is neces-
sary to secure it, and to continue the prosecution
of the erection of the east wing, which 1 think
perfectly proper. 1 have no idea that any claim
for damages will be made. I know that the con-
tractor who expected to furnish the granite for the
west wing, has been at work during the winter in
quarrying that granite; and if the west wing is
put in a state of security, as proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode island, the contractor
will be required to furnish the granite already
quarried, if we should not go on with that, theie
might, perhaps, be some claim for damages. But
the Senator's amendment will require the use of
the granite, and will save us from any claim for
indemnity.
Mr. CLARKE. I have a word to reply to the
interrogatories of the honorable Senator from In-
diana. As 1 understand this contract, the parties
agreed to construct the eastern wing of the build-
ing as it now is, going from F street, two hundred
and seventy feet deep, and having a width on that
street of seventy feet—making the front upon the
two streets of three hundred and forty feet. These
contractors have laid the foundation of, and raised
■j the eastern wing about one-third of its height.
The marble is now on the ground which is neces-
sary to complete the eastern wing. 1 saw it this
morning; and 1 learn from the contractors, that
there is a sufficient quantity of marble on the
ground to complete that wing. Now, agreeably
to the contract made by the Secretary ot the In-
terior, preparations have been going on for layuio-
the foundation of the western wing; excavations
have been made, and some of the stonework has
been done. Some of the granite has been drawn
on to the ground, and, as my friend from Mary-
land says, the contractors have been getting out
granite to complete the foundation. That is the
extent of the contract as made by the Secretary of
the interior. My amendment is to confine him to
that work. As the eastern wing has already been
built up so far, it seems to me to be idle to take it
down, and take a portion of the material to con-
struct the western wing. My amendment confines
the appropriation to making the foundation of the
western wing, in addition to completing the east-
ern, and is limited to that; so that the contract of
the Secretary of the Interior would, by this amend- I
ment, be confined to precisely these terms; and he '<
and all other officers, would be bound by the limit 1
made by this appropriation. [
Mr. DA Via, ot Mississippi. Iam very sorry '
to differ from the chairman of the Committee on 1
rinance m relation to this appropriation. 1 a°ree i
entirely with all that the Senatoi from Rhode"isl-
and has said in relation to amending the clause as
it came from the House of Representatives. 1
hope it will be so amended, because, m the first ,
place, I believe the work has been prosecuted ac-
cording to the original plan, and tne law of the i1
last session of Congress. The foundation of the '
west wing having been partially completed, it
is necessary to complete it at least to the level ot the
ground, so as to prevent it from going to decay
lo confine the application of the money to the
eastern wing, is to hasten the .completion of that
wing, and to furnish the Patent Office with the
apartments required. It has been assumed here,
tfiat the funds of the Patent Office could not be ap-
propriated for this work, because it was in part or
in whole not for the peculiar advantage of the Pa-
tent Office; that it was a fund self-created, and not
applicable to a general purpose; but if the Finance
Committee will strike a balance of the account
between the Treasury and the patent fund, they
will find that the patent fund is not so great as has
been stated—that much of it falls on the debtor
side, in its settlement with the Government.
Mr. DICKINSON. I assume, that the patent
fund should not be applied to buildings not neces-
sary for the wants of the Patent Office—certainly
that it should not be applied to the erection of
buildings for the accommodation of the depart-
ments of the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. What the wants of the Patent
Office are now is one thing, and what those wants
will be in a few years is another, and an entirely
different thing. Not only from the report of the
last Commissioner of Patents, but. from inspec-
tion, if any one choose to make it, and see the
condition of things in that department, 1 think it
may be denied that there is room enough iu the
present building for the wants of the department.
If I understand the report of the present Commis-
sioner of Patents or the Secretary of the Interior,
the argument against the want of further room by
the Patent Department, is based upon the supposi-
tion that all which now belongs to the National In-
stitute, all connected with the exploring expedition
which now fills the museum of the Patent Office, is
to be transferred to the Smithsonian Institution.
That seems to be the basis of the conclusion. Now,
sir, I wish to state to the Senate that Congress has
no power to impose upon that institution the duty
j of taking charge of this collection of the explo-
| ring expedition—we may infer from their act—nor
j did they ever intend to do so. They gave to that
institution the right to take all such curiosities
brought home by tneexploring expedition as might
bedeired for that institution, and I will inform the
Senate that it is not the intention of the present board
of regents of the Smithsonian Institution to take
charge of the museum of the Patent Office, and
the room appropriated to .these curiosities will be
required hereafter as now,: In the mean time we rep
quire an extension of the Patent Office for the pur-
poses of the Patent Office itself, and this is the proper
fund out of which it should be made. The appli-
cation of the money hereafter to the east wing
will confine it within the limits of the Patent Office
fund, and the west wing, if it is never required for
the purposes of the Patent Office, can be completed
so as to furnish the Government with offices which
they require, and the appropriations for the com-
pletion of that wing should be made from the
Treasury. 1 have made some inquiry as to what
the Government are paying for rent, and I find
that it is some $20,000 a year, being the interest
upon a sum greatly more than will be required to
finish this wing. I should think it would be bad
economy to retrace our steps, and tear down the
building, as is suggested by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, in order to curtail the
length of the wings. It would be far better to
complete one wing, if one be all that is required
for the business of the Patent Office. Complete
that first, and then the other can be completed for
the purposes of the General Government.
One remark more in answer to what the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has said. He
assumed that a grey freestone was a part of the
original plan. I think it was not; but, if it was,
I should think we could do nothing better than to
get rid of-that part of the plan. Nothing makes
so striking, and few materials so durable,°a build-
ing as marble; whereas this grey sandstone is very
defective, absorbing large quantities of water,
which, expanding when the water freezes, so that
now the pillars, as short a time as they have been
standing, are crumbling into decay, and the only
chance of preserving the building will be to bind
it with paint, and if with white paint, it will make
the original part of the building, in some measure
at least, correspond with the wings. This I believe
to be absolutely necessary for the pieservation of
this part of the building. These are the brief re-
marks I have to offer.
Mr. DICKINSON. X believe that the contract
only extends to the east wing now.
