734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
tion. The causes under which this deficiency
arises are these: In 1847 Mr. Secretary Mason
made his estimates Cor the vigorous prosecution of
the Mexican war. The war was then in progress,
without any immediate prospect of its discontin-
uance, and hence estimates were made accord-
ingly of appropriations required, which were in
the gross something like $14,000,000. The ap-
propriations under these estimates were made in
August, 1848. It was impossible for Congress to
have any accurate data upon which to act; yet
they .were anxious to cut down these estimates,
and did cut them dawn very considerably. The
appropriations made,it turned out, were consider-
ably less than the amount actually-required. For
instance, in the matter of pay alone, Congress ap-
propriated from $500,000 to $700,000 less than
was necessary, as the returns from Mexico proved
that a much larger amount had been expended
than was supposed.
These deficiencies arise under what is called the
transfer system, which 1 give the Senate and the
departments notice I intend, for one, to try to
break up when we come to the appropriation bill.
I believe it to be a wrong system of financiering.
It is a system under which the departments are
authorized, when one fund is not large enough,
and another fund is appropriated which is not
wanted for immediate use, to allow the transfer of
the last-mentioned fund to the one that has been
exhausted. And the deficiencies asked for here
are to supply funds that have been exhausted by
drafts upon them under the transfer system. I
had almost made up my mind at one time to offer
an amendment to the bill to break up this transfer
system, and throw on the departments the respon-
sibility of making more careful and specific esti-
mates. In fact, the system of transfer is adverse
to our whole theory of specific appropriations,
and induces Congress and the country to suppose
the finances are in one condition, when in point
of fact they are in another—to lead them to sup-
pose theie wan a surplus in the Treasury, when
in fact there was a deficiency. This appropriation
for the navy, however, is entirely proper, as lean
explain in detail if it is required.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. lam instructed by the Joint
Committee on the Library to present the follow-
ing amendment:
if For tlie removal of the public green-house and botani-
cal (KiriU'n to tomi* convenient site on the public grounds,
and for (he erection officii green-house as may be deemed
necessary by the Joint Cummitlee on the Library, $.>,(100,
to In; expended under the direction of said committee, and
under the supervision of the (JoinimsMOiier ot Public
This amendment is rendered necessary by the
erection of the Patent Office building, which has
encroached on the ground used for the botanical
collection. There is not room enough left now to
put the plants out in the open air. It is a very valu- I
able collection, which it is desirable to preserve.
Mr. DICKINSON. While 1 accord to the Sen-
ator from Maryland, and the committee of which
he is chan man, the propriety of his offering this J
amendment, because it is but in performance of a
duty enjoined on him by the policy which Con-
gress has adopted, I trust the amendment will not
be adopted. I oppose it on the ground that I
desire to strike at the toot of this whole system.
1 cannot but think that if Congress and the Amer-
ican people are to keep up this system, that they
are a great deal greener than the house it is pro-
posed to erect. The idea of a confederated gov-
ernment of thirty sovereign States, with more in
prospect, going into a green-house system, is one
to which 1 cannot give my sanction. Undoubtedly
there aie a great many valuable and interesting
plants there, yet I am inclined to think, though 1
am not learned in sueh things, that there is a great
deal of the woolly horse about many of them.
Many of them are rare, and came from a great
distance, but plants equally as rare and valuable
are to be found in almost every private collection.
Every variety of the cactus for instance, may now
be found m the door-yard of almost every lady ot
taste in the country. It is a matter which gentle-
men of taste may foster with their private means,
but that the American Government shall engage
in such matters is an idea against which I desire
to enter my protest. It is not a legitimate function
of the Government, and does not fall within its
sphere and duties. And if we are to go into these
matters.at all, why not collect a menagerie of rare
animals, and place them in a sort of zoological
garden,-to be daily fed for the gratification of the
multitude? 1 am opposed to this whole system.
As for this collection of plants, 1 would vote this
instant to give every one of them to any gentleman
of taste who would take care ot" them. It is only
another opportunity for the exhibition of the be-
setting sin of this Government—patronage. It is
a sin that is sapping the foundations of this Gov-
ernment more effectually than all other causes put
together—the great, overwhelming, all-absorbing
question which now agitates the country from one
extreme to the other, not excepted. It is the duty
of Congress, in my opinion, to apply the axe to
the root of this wherever it can be got at. Already
the Government has patronage enough to destroy
any Administration. I regard this green-house
business as but another opportunity for the be-
stowal of patronage, and shall oppose it accord-
ingly. As 1 said before, I would be willing to
give the plants to any one who would take and
keep them. The Smithsonian Institution, to whom
they have been offered, refuse to take them. And
as tor the Government engaging in this botanical
pursuit, there is no more propriety in it than that
they should engage m the culture of wheat or any
other product of agriculture. I hope, therefore,
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I confess, Mr. President, that
my mind has not been disturbed, as the mind of
the Senator from New York seems to have been,
by those gloomy appiehensions, those horrid spec-
tres, stalking about m the shape of a few innocent
flowers. I had not supposed that these quiet
flowers could have given rise to such a horrid fancy
as that of the disruption of the Government. I
shall insist on my amendment as far as I can; and
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate to
the origin of this collection of plants and flowers.
They are not preserved merely on account of their
beauty; that is not the leason for their preserva-
tion; and I ain afraid that in support of the amend-
ment which I am instructed to offer, I shall have
to invoke the shade of General Jackson, though I
do not want to disturb the l-cposc of the old hero.
I confess that whatever may have been the nature
of General Jackson's political acts, I have always
entertained a high regard lor his opinions in regard
to some subjects; I never saw any reason to find
fault with his liberalily of spirit. We all know
that the Exploring Expedition, if it did not owe
Us origin, owed, at all events, its successful prose-
cution to him, and to him alone. I know some-
thing of the history of that expedition myself. It
was .sent out under the auspices of General Jack-
son, to prosecute topographical surveys of gieat
interest to this country. He connected with it
that which 1 trust the liberal mind of the Senator
from New York will not object to—the prosecu-
tion of certain inquiries in natuial history, botany,
geology; and a coips of savans were selected to
curry out the design. Among other collections
that were made, theie was the botanical collection;
and by the act ot 1S42, the Joint Committee on
the Library were diiected to have the results of
the expedition prepared for publication. A num-
ber of lepoits have consequently been prepared
and published. '1 he botanical reports aie those
that are the most behind; but some of the most
distinguished botanists in this country have been
engaged to assist in their prepaiation, and they
will soon bring the woik to a termination. It is
made the duty of the Library Committee to attend
to their preparation. I do not think that the ob-
jection ol the Senator from New York derives any
force from the fact that this work was to be done
by authority of the confederated Government of
thnty States. Whetl er confedeiated or consoli-
dated, I do not think it makes his aigument strong-
er or weaker. I do not see anything in it so le-
markably incompatible with the duty of this
Government, as the gentleman seems to imagine.
I he Senator wouid perhaps prefer to look upon
barren wastes around this Capitol, rather than on
the verdant lawn, ornamented so beautifully with
flowers, for which we have to make annual appro-
priations, the same in kind as the one now asked
for, though not, perhaps, so meritorious. I have
never heard any Senator state that he was desirous
of rooting up the flowers and plants around our
Capttoi grounds, which gladden the eye and make
cheerful the walks that lead from one part of them
to the other; or suggest that any great constitu-
tional reform was to be accomplished in that way.
Mr. DICKINSON. This is not a very impor-
tant matter, I admit; nevertheless it is one of a
series of subjects which I desire to get rid of. It
is unnecessary, and in my judgment wrong, for
this Government to be engaged in such matters.
To ornament and beautify the grounds about the
Capitol is entirely a different affair; it appropri-
ately belongs to this Government to take care of
the public grounds, and to make them an agreeable
place of recreation for the people from all parts of
the Union. Not so with green-houses and conser-
vatories; with these the Government has nothing
to do; it can tend to no advantage, unless it be to
create places to be bestowed upon favorites, and
thus increase the already extended patronage of
the Government. But I must congratulate the
honorable Senator from Maryland on having, now
that Jackson is far removed from the scenes of
time and sense, all at once discovered that his
opinions are exceedingly valuable. I hope that
my friend will not only adopt some of the opin-
ions of Jackson, but that he will adopt all of them.
And if he should do so in this age of progress, it
would not be a circumstance at all to be wondered
at.
Since I have been in Congress, the amount of
appropriations that have been made for this green-
house is sufficient to have reproduced the gar-
den of Eden, all save its inhabitants. [A Jaugh.]
It is a small affair, I grant; but I here declare'my
intention to oppose everything of the kind. I
should not object to the collecting and bringing
home of rare plants and animals, at the expense of
the Government, but what 1 do object to is the
creating of conservatories and nurseries, to be
placed in the charge of superintendents, thereby in-
creasing the patronage of the Government unne-
cessarily. I do not mean to say that it is as yet a
great and overshadowing patronage, but it may
become so. It is for these reasons that I am op-
posed to this amendment.
Mr. HALE. At the present time, sir, the pub-
lic mind is a good deal agitated upon certain sub-
jects, and in the course of duty that 1 have to
pursue in presenting my own views with regard
to some of them, I often subject myself to censure
from some sources which I would deprecate, and
it makes me exceedingly cautious how I venture
upon any ground of that sort unless absolutely
compelled to do so. The Senator from New York
has stated his belief that it is improper for a con-
federate republic of thirty States to have anything
to do with green-houses. Now I desire, and I do
not mean to treat this subject lightly, to have the
Senator point out—and if he will do so satisfac-
torily I will certainly go with him—the danger
that is likely to accrue to the Union of these States
from the existence of these green-houses.
The Senator seems to have a strong aversion to
green-houses. Is there anything in the color
that excites the gentleman's antipathy? I be<*
that he will do me the favor to point out what
peculiar danger is to be apprehended fr om the
preservation of these flowers, for I assure the
Senator I have a passion for flowers. And £
would like to go in favor of them, if there is no
real danger threatening the Union in consequence
of their preservation; if there be, I shall be com-
pelled, however much I admire them, to go against
them. °
Mr. DICKINSON. I will answer the Senator
with great pleasure. One reason why the main-
tenance of these green-houses, which are so attrac-
tive to the honorable gentleman, should be discon-
tinued, is, that I am afraid they will draw his atten-
tion away from a different sort of color. [A lan^h.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, i wish tocalfthe
attention of the Senate to the fact, that the Joint
Committee on the Library, in introducing this
proposition, have introduced nothing new m this
Government—nothing- that was not known and
recognized as legitimately belonging to the action
of this Government.
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly not.
Mr. DA Vlt>. 1 he fact aa stated by the Sena-
tor from Maryland is, that it is merely proposed
to preserve property that was brought home by the
Exploring iLxpedition. And this appropriation is
asked for on the gronnd that the original position
of the green-house interfered with the proposed
extension of the Patent Office buildinsr, and that it
was necessary that u should be removed. The
question for the Senate to determine is, whether
they will make the appropriation for removing
