THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1%
A bill to repeal so much of the acts establishing
territorial governments in New Mexico and Utah
as recognizes slavery in said Territories, and as
pledges the nation to admit new slave States into
the Union; and
A bill to repeal and annul the fugitive slave law,
passed September, 1850.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were^presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of Ezekiel Dyer and oth-
ers; also the petition of Temple C. Coffin and others, citi-
zens of Washington county, Maine, for the erection of a
lisht-house on Pond Island at the month of the Narragansett
rfver in Maine.
By Mr. ROBBINS: Tile petition of Edward K. Toyers,
of Philadelphia, asking theGovernment to refund to him the
loss he has sustained on his goods by the failing of the pub-
lie store-house in Philadelphia. '
IN SENATE.
Monday, September 16, 1850.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before that
body a communication from James Robertson,
complaining of injuries alleged to have been re-
ceived and grievous wrongs inflicted on him by
false imprisonment at the instance of certain per-
sons in the employment of the Senate, and asking
that he may be indemnified for the same.
The document was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. * *
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial from citizens
of the District of Columbia, asking that the por-
tion of the Columbia Turnpike road lying within
the limits of the District may be purchased by the
Government, and made free of toll. The memori-
alists set forth that they have been subjected to a
heavy tax in their intercourse between their farms
andplacesof residence in the county and city of
Washington, with which they have constant com-
munication, to attend markets with their produce,
and for various purposes of business, and they
ask, as Congress has generously set free all the
other avenues of approach to the seat of Govern-
ment within this District, that they will remove
this burdfen, and express the bejief that the road
can be purchased for a reasonable consideration.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to which was referred House bill making
appropriation for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending June 30, 1851,
and for other purposes, reported back the same
with sundry amendments. He said the committee
might hereafter have other amendments to offer,
which they would submit when the bili should be
under consideration.
On the motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the amend-
ments were ordered to be printed and the bill was
made the special order for Wednesday next at
twelve o'clock, and every day thereafter until dis-
posed of.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, in the absence of
the chairman of the Committee on the Library,
submitted a series of amendments, which he will
offer when the bill shall be under consideration, in
order that they may be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill relinquishing
to the State of Iowa the salt springs set apaft for
their use, reported back the same without amend-
ment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to aid the State of Louisiana in
reclaiming the overflowed lands therein, and for
other purposes, reported back the same without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to set apart a portion of the public
lands with which to construct a railroad from the
M ississippi to the Missouri river, reported back
the same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill granting to the Nashville and
Chattanooga railroad company the right of way
and a donation of public land for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad in and through
the public lands in the State of Alabama, reported
back the same without amendment, and asked that
both bills be laid on the table, on the ground that
a general bill embracing the subject had been be-
fore reported; which was'agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the following memorials, to wit:
The memorial of the Sacramento and Sierra
Nevada railroad company, asking the rightof way
and a donation of the public lands.
The memorial of a committee of the Mechanics
Mutual Protection, No. 41, of the city of New
York, protesting against the passage of the bounty
land bill.
The memorial of citizens of Arkansas, asking a
grant of land to the trustees of the Alexandria rail-
road company; and
The petition of Marcus Spalding, asking the
Senate to pass the bounty land In 11, asked to be
discharged from their'further consideration; which
was agreed to."
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
letter of the Secretary of State, communicating the
report of the Rev.' R. R. Gurley, recently sent out
by the Government to obtain information in rela-
tion to Liberia, reported in favor of printing the
same; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of a grant of the
unsold lands in the Vincennes district, for edu-
cational purposes, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolutions of the Legislature of Mich-
igan, in favor of a grant of land for the purpose of
establishing State agricultural schools, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Thomas Wilson and others, asking the
passage of a law to incorporate a joint stock com-
pany, reported a bill to incorporate the Pioneer
Cotton'Manufacturing Company of Georgetown,
District of Columbia; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was recommitted
the bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and John
Hascall, reported back the same with amendments,
and asked their immediate consideration.
Objection was mads, and the bill was not con-
sidered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which were referred the
following memorials, to wit: The memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, in favor of a grant of land
to teamsters who served in the war with Mexico,
and the memorial from Genera! Hugh W. Dobbin,
asking remuneration for services in the war of
1812, submitted a report in each case, which was
ordered to be printed, and asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of C. J. Cook and A. A.
Lockwood, asking compensation for their prop-
erty, destroyed by a party of United States soldiers
in the town of Fredericksburg, in the State of
Texas, submitted a report, asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK moved that the report be printed;
which motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was referred the memorial of
Gilbert Cameron, asking that a contract be made
with him to complete the wings of the Patent Office,
he having been the lowest bidder, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was referred the petition of
James J. Fowler, reported the following resolu-
tion, and asked its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary pay out of the contingent
fund of the Senate to James J.'Fowler the sum of $42 81,
being a balance due for caipenter's work done on the public
stable fn the service of the Senate.
The motion having been agreed to, the resolu-
tion was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was sub-
sequent^ read a third time and passed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following joint resolution,
and asked that it have its seeond reading;
Resolved, That the Secretary of Stale be authorized
and requested to contract with Little & Brown to furnish
their anneal Statutes at Large, printed in conforfnUvwkh
the act adopted by Congress in 1845, instead of the addhiwi
usually issued by his order, mtder the act of Congress of
£pril 20,1818, and which conforms to an addition of the Jaw?
out of use.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read a second time aird considered as in Committee
of the Whole* and no amendment having been pro-
posed, it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
documents in relation to the claims of Wyche and
Latham, asking compensation for extra services,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a joint resolution
for the benefit of Wyche and Latham •
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Richard S. CoXe, asking
compensation for legal services as counsel to the
Post Office Department, submitted a report m
writing, which wjas ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a joint resolution for the benefit of Rich-
ard S. Coxe, which was then passed to st second
reading.
APPLICANTS FOR PENSIONS.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanirrtoos consent and
agreed to: ■
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior fee directed
to furnish to the Senate, as early as practicable,,a statement
showing the names of ail the applicants for pensions under
the acta of June 7,1832. July 4,1836, and July 7,1838, respect-
ively ; and the acts? amendatory thereof, whose claims hacj
heen rejected or suspended, the grounds of such susfnesswon
or rejection, and the places of residence of such apgtftc&nls
so lar as the same can he given.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. FREMONT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to ascertain "
and settle the'private land claims in the State fk
California; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice, asked ami
obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize arid
direct the payment of certain moneys into the Trea-
sury of the State of California, which were col-
lected in the ports of said State, as1 a revenue apori
imports, since the ratification of the treaty of peace
between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico, and prior to the admission of said Slate
into the Union ; which was read a first and Seeond
time by its title and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PRATT asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to prevent
enticing or assisting slaves to eseape from tfieflr
owners in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes ; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. PRATT asked that the bill have its second
reading now.
Mr. HALEand Mr. SEWARD having objected,
the motion could not be entertained.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
for the more prompt execution of the printing of
Congress ; which was read and passed to' a second
reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
,read a third time and passed :
The bill to repeal so much of the act approved
the'llth of August, 1848, as extends the provis-
ions thereof to Macao.
The bill to preserve! peace with Indian tribes in
California, by extinguishing their territorial claims
in the gold mine district. „
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON', the title of this
bill was amended so as to read " An act to author-
ize the appointment of Indian agents in California,
and for other purposes."
MEMORIAL FROM NEW MEXICO.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the papers
accompanying the memorial which was presented
a few days ago from the Legislature of New Mex-
ico were ordered to be printed.
