1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WM.Bi
Iff
thesp plants and flowers, so that they may be pre-
served, or whether they will abandon them, and
let them go to waster I do not know when the
botanical part of the text of the Exploring; Expe-
dition will be completed, but until completed the
plants should be preserved, for they are essentially
necessary to those who write out the history from
the results of the expedition. It was in this way
that the present establishment grew up, and be-
yond that it has not extended. 1 must be permu-
ted to say, with all deference to the honorable
Senator from New York, that it is not a new thing*
that is proposed: the subject is known to have been
early recognized as legitimately belonging to this
Government; there was m the assignment of the
public grounds to particular objects, a plan for a
botanical garden, to be established in the public
ground extending frorw the west gate of the Capitol
to the Washington canal. Thatground was desig-
nated foi a botanical garden. But, like theSenator
from New York, I take no great interest in this
question. The Library Committee, having charge
of the subject, felt bound to present a proposition
for preserving these plants and flowers, and they
have done so. They are, as I have already said,
requisite to be referred to by those who have it in
charge to prepare the text of the Exploring Ex-
pedition. Beyond that, I suppose they have no
connection with the duties of the Library Com-
mittee; and beyond that, it will be for Congress to
assign them to whomsoever they please.
Mr. DICKINSON. I agree with the Senator
from Mississippi that it will be well to preserve
these plants until the text is written out.
Mr. DAVIS. They will have to be removed in
order to be preserved.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is only necessary that
their preservation should be temporary. There is
no necessity for building up a permanent green-
house establishment.
Mr. HALE. The remarks of the Senator from
New York have convinced me of the contrary to
what he intended. Instead of convincing me of
the impropriety of going in favor of the amend-
ment, he has convinced me of the propriety of
going for it; and that upon the grounds which I
have suggested, because the honorable Senator
thinks it will divert my attention from black to
green. That is just what the great intellects of the
country are aiming at—the object which the wisest
men of the country are striving to accomplish.
The favorite design of those who are laying their
gifts on the altar of patriotism, is to divert the pub-
lic attention from the black race. The honorable
Senator says that these green-houses will divert
attention from the blacks; if so, why, of course,
the purpose of all will be accomplished. I shall
certainly then vote for the amendment.
Mr. KING. Upon whose estimate is it that
$5,000 have been inserted ?
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. I will answer the
inquiry of the honorable Senator from Alabama.
The amount is based upon the estimate that has
been made by the architect of the public buildings,
and assented to by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, as necessary for the pulling down of the
present building, the erection of another, on the
plainest plan consistent with security and dura-
bility, and the removal of the plants, and all the
other steps necessary to be taken for their pre-
servation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. 1 now ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, as an additional provision of
the biil:
rfnd be it further cnacteti, That the Postmaster General
bp, and he is hereby authorized to employ twerity-Uvo addi-
tional clerks in the lJos.t Office Depirtment, viz: seven chrks
each at an annual salary of $>1,4U0; eight clerks each at an
annual =al-.ry of $1,200; and M-vtm clerks, each at <in annual
salarv of $1,000 ; and one additional watchman, at a salary
oi
Mr. RUSK. I would not trouble the Senate
with a single remark in explanation of this amend-
ment, if I had been able to get the report which I
made on this subject some weeks ago, and which
has not yet been printed. The Post Office Depart-
ment has been going on something like thirteen
years without any increase in the number of clerks
employed in that depaitment. During that time
a «reat increase lias taken place in the number and
extent of the mail-routes, and several thousand ad-
ditional post offices have been established through-
out the country, which have necessarily occasioned
a very great increase of the business of the depart-
ment. In addition to that, a postal arrangement
has been made with England—an arrangement
which is highly beneficial to ihe commercial inter-
ests of the country, which devolves agreat'deal of
labor upon the department; and there is not suffi-
cient force to do the work. I called on the Post-
master General, and also upon the Assistant Post-
master General, and upon the Chief Clerk, and
devoted a good deal of time to ihe examination of
this matter, and ascertained beyond a doubt that
the business could not be done with the present
force that is employed in the department. 1 do
not believe there is any department of the Gov-
ernment where there is so much labor performed
as is performed by the clerks in that department.
I reported this bill some time ago, and should
have called on the Senate to adopt it as a separate
measure, but two reasons have induced me to offer
it as an amendment to this -bill. One is, we have
a subject before us which has absorbed nearly the
whole time of the Senate, and there is no proba-
bility of procuring the adoption of any measure
until towards the close of the session. And an-
other reason is, that at this very moment there is
a very large amount of business devolving on the
Post Office Department. It is the time for making
contracts; the'contractors are here awaiting the
renewal of their contracts; and, owing to the in-
sufficient force that is employed in the department,
they are kept here upon expense for a considerable
time, and in the mean time the mail transportation
throughout the counti y is considerably deranged.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will excuse any
informality there may be in offering this proposi-
tion as an amendment to this bill, in considera-
tion of the circumstances. It may be considered
by some Senator a large increase to be made at
once; but I assure you, sir, that 1 have not brought
forward the proposition without a most thorough
examination into the condition of the department;
and the result of that examination and investigation
is a thorough conviction that a due regard to the
public service demands this amount of increase in
the force of the department. Theie is no man
who would go further to check an unnecessary
extension of the patronage of any department of
the Government than I would; for I regard an ex
tended patronage as a source of evil; yet, at the
same time, I think it is a false economy to curtail
the force in any of the departments, so that such
department cannot accomplish the purposes con-
templated in its formation. The expense is noth-
ing compared with the sacrifice of the public in-
terests that must accrue, if you, from a false idea
of economy, withhold the necessary means of
carrying out the main intention in the establish-
ment of a department such as that of the Post
Office. It is certainly a most important branch of
the public service; it is one in which every city,
town, village, and hamlet is interested, and I feel
confident that, under all the circumstances, the
Senate will see the propriety of permitting the
provision to be appended to tins bill. California
being ju^t about to come into the Union,' and an
immense emigration setting in that direction, it
will be necessary to create facilities for mail trans-
portation to a greater extent than now exist; and
it does seem to me that, under all the circum-
stances, a due regard to the interests of the public
requires that this additional forceshould be granted.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should much have pre-
ferred to have seen this amendment introduced by
the honorable Senator in some other form, or in
another bill; but as he seems to think that public
duty requires it, if the Senate concur in voting for
its connection to this bill, it shall be admitted there
without any complaint from me. I would prefer
that no amendment not strictly belonging to the
deficiency bill should be annexed to it. I would
not allow myself to make any amendments that
were not necessarily connected with the deficiency
bill. While upon this point, I wish to be under-
stood as desiring to treat the present Administra-
tion, to whom I am politically opposed, in a fair
and honorable manner. I shall make no opposi-
tion to the course of policy they may see fit to
adopt in carrying forward the necessary legisla-
tion of the Government. I make no war on the
system of clerkships; when I do resist the opera-
tion of a system, it must be one worth resisting—
one that is overshadowing the country for evil, un-
sound in finance, and unnecessary in action, and
leading to improper results. I conceive that the
true course to be pursued is to allow the head of
each department to jydge of the proper ^number of
clerks required, and if they deem it.ptcessacy that
other clerks should be added, then give th^m.the
necessary addition. Hold the heads of, the de-
partments responsible for uncalled-for ex.erc.ise. of
this power, and when they say they want.a.£et>
tain amount of money to carry out th.e .purposes
of the Government, they shall have my coiSpera*
tion to furnish, them what they need. . ^ .
Our national legislation will be embarrassed -by
any endeavors to resist the policy of the General
Government upon questions of public utility which
they have pledged themselves to carry out. We
will scrutinize them, and keep them within bounds;
and so long as they remain within reasonable
bounds, so long should we give them what they ask.
That shall be my line of policy on that point. I
do not intend to make issue on this question of
clerkships; it is a matter of but slight importance.
To grant assistance in the way of clerks to this
department is necessary—to resist the call for such
aid is not necessary. I look forward to the day
when the whole Post Office establishment will
topple over by its own weight, and be entirely
done away with. The whole business of letter
carrying could be performed more cheaply, more
efficiently, and more rapidly by private express
than it is now by the Post Office establishment.
Under the express system, you may take your
watch from your pocket, and send it to the re-
motest part of the country without fear of its loss
or detention; but by the Post Office establishment
this cannot be done. It would not do to abolish
the system now, because of its beneficial opera-
tion in the new settlements of this country. When
this country becomes more thickly populated,
private enterprise will then get rid of one of the
most complicated departments of this Government.
At present we must allow the department to move
on with what efficiency it may. We must, if they
need more clerks, give them more. But I think
the number asked for too large, and I know that
under the last Administration they did not-expe-
rience any very serious inconvenience because of
a want of cierks. I prefer, too, that it should
come in some other shape, and not be connected
with this bill; but as the gentleman has seen fit to
offer it here, I will offer no strenuous opposition
to it.
Mr. RUSK. I would state to the Senator from
New York that 1 not only investigated this matter
at the Post Office, but 1 have also a letter from
the Postmaster General stating the necessity for
this additional number of clerks; and one from the
Assistant Postmaster General,-than whom 1 do
not believe there is a better officer anywhere.
The .letters accompany the report, and have not
yet been printed. These letters -will be printed
with the report. This addition is asked for, after
a full investigation of the matter, and from a sin-
cere conviction that such an addition is necessary
to the faithful discharge of the public duties. In
regard to clerkships, I would say that it is a false
economy to restrict the number below that which
is demanded by the public service. It is like
going to war and killing women and children; it
is doing a wrong for which there is no possible
pretext.
Mr. FOOTE. I have had no opportunity of
examining this matter, but I certainly take it for
granted that my honorable friend from Texas,
having investiga:id this subject thoroughly, is
entitled to respet tn reference to the views which
he has stated in our hearing in so cogent a manner;
and, basirg my action upon his authority, I shall
certainly vote with him; at the same time I feel
bound to state that the mail facilities in the part of
' the Union where I reside are very meager, and
1 utterly inadequate to the correspondence of the
j country. Their present condition is somewhat
j better than at former periods, though we do not
| enjoy the mail facilities which other parts of the
1 Union are in possession of. It is a subject requir-
ing the serious consideration of the Post Office
Department. I think there is very little danger of
this Post Office fabric tumbling over; the mam
danger is in extending it too much at the top with-
out widening the foundation. For one, I am un-
willing to multiply the amount of the Post Office
patronage; and as I apprehend that this turnble-
into-iuins will not occur very speedily, I trust that
all requisite assistance will be afforded, so that tke
business of the department may move forward
efficiently.
