1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
ent session was returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives by the hands of its Clerk, who
announced that the House had concurred in all the
amendments of the Sanate but one, viz:
To strike out all after the word " provided," in line thir-
teen, and insert" that the mileage of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives from California and the Delegate from Oregon
"be computed according to the most usually traveled route
within the limits of the United States, and the per diem of
said Senators and Representatives for this session shall
commence from the day on which the constitution of Cali-
fornia was first communicated to the two Houses of Con-
gress respectively."
On the motion of Mr. DICKINSON the Senate
insisted on its amendment. „
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, it wilt be recol-
lected that the bill for the relief of the captors of
the frigate Philadelphia was made the special order
for Thursday last. But in consequence of the
District slave trade bill being pending, it was not
taken up. I have been very much pressed by
persons interested in relation to this matter. In
justicc to the parties interested, as I presume that
the Senator from Georgia is now prepared to give
his attention to it, I propose to take up the bill,
and I do not believe it will occupy much time.
The PRESIDENT. This bill, being a special
order, cannot be taken up until the previous special
orders are disposed of in some way.
Mr. YULEE. Then I move to postpone all
prior special orders for the purpose of taking up
that bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. I should have been gratified
if the Senator from Florida had given me notice of
his intention to call up this bill. I am not now
prepared to offer the amendment which I wish
to propose, but I think 1 shall be by to-morrow
morning, if the Senator will not call the matter up
until then.
Mr. YULEE. I did not suppose any special
notice was necessary as the bill was made the spe-
cial order for Thursday last. But if the Senator
prefers I will not call up the bill until to-morrow.
I therefore withdraw my motion.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill from the House entitled " An act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers en-
gaged in the military service of the United States."
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I think it of
freat importance that we should dispose of the
usiness pending m Executive session. The Presi-
dent ought to be allowed to have hi3 nominations
decided upon. I therefore move to lay this bill on
the table, for the purpose of moving that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion for a few moments ?
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator from North Carolina will not persist in his
motion. This bounty land bill has beep, before
the Senate for several weeks. It has been post-
poned from day to day and from time to time. I
have yielded to almost every measure; and now,
when it comes up at the close of the session, and i
when it is burdened with amendments, it is to be 1
postponed again. I had no wish to go into this sub-
ject. But I regret exceedingly that it is proposed
now to postpone this bill. After all, the bill is of
no very great magnitude. It merely gives bounties
to the surviving soldiers of our past wars, and to
such of those surviving soldiers as have received no
bounty. Nearly all our soldies have received
ounty. This bill will only appropriate a few mil-
lions of acres at best; and what are a few millions
out of the vastdomain which we have? Yet this bill
been put off from day to day and from time to has
time upon every little pretext. And now, when it
comes up at the close of the session, it is to be
postponed again.
I now call upon the friends of this bill, if we
have a majority for these old soldiers, to stand by
the bill, and let it be defeated or let it pass. Let us
meet it candidly. Let us treat it as such a bill,
ought to be treated. Let us not kill it by post-
ponement—by procrastination. Let us meet the
question at once. If these men are not entitled to
bounty, give them none. If your old soldiers have
no claim upon you, let the bill be defeated. But
this is not the way to treat such men. They have
been treated with indifference and with supercil-
iousness here from day to day.
Sir, if there be any Government under heaven
that ought to pay its soldiers well, this is the Gov-
ernment. And here, in this bill, is a little pitiful
allowance of land—two or three millions out of
your immense domain, out of the world of vacant
lands you have—and you hesitate to give it to
these men who have earned it by their bravery. I
have, day after day, and time after time, given way
to everybody and everything. And now, when
this bill comes up at the end of the session, it is to
be procrastinated again. If you postpone this bill
now, you may as well kill it at once. If it is to be
killed, do it by a direct vote, and not by postpone-
ment in this way. Treat it as you ought to treat
such a measure. Treat it as you ought to treat a
measure for the benefit of your old soldiers. I do
not want to discuss the question. 1 have Hot dis-
cussed it. I have avoided discussion on this sub-
ject. But with me it is a matter of feeling. I-say
again, if these old soldiers have friends enough in
this body, I want them to stand by this bill until
it is defeated, or until it shall have passed.
And now I will say a word with regard to the
amendments which have been offered to this bill.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Maso.nt] has
offered an amendment. That amendment is thrust
upon us just at the close of the session. I, for one,
am in favor of the principle of the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Virginia. I want to
give bounty to every man who served in the rev-
olutionary war. I want to redeem every warrant
that Virginia issued during the revolutionary
war, that is just and right. But I will tell the gen-
tlemen from Virginia that this amendment will
not accomplish the object they have in view. The
great difficulty in relation to these Virginia war-
rants is, that most of them are spurious and fraud-
ulent. The great difficulty in legislation, and the
great difficulty with the department has been, that
it has been impossible to provide a mode of scru-
tiny by which the genuine warrants could be dis-
tinguished from the fraudulent ones. The genuine
warrants ought to be paid. But this amendmen
provides for the payment of all warrants, without
any qualification or reservation.
I do not see how the department could operate
under such an amendment. I will now say to
those gentlemen that they ought to bring in their
bill separately and distinctly, because it is a sepa-
rate matter. Let them introduce a bill and let it
be referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
That committee, acting in concert with the depart-
ment, can provide a bill well guarded with proper
restrictions, and a mode of discriminating between
the warrants that are fraudulent and those that are
genuine. Such a bill can pass both branches of
Congress. But if you add that amendment to this
bill now, you will defeat this bill and the amend-
ment with it. It will never pass. And as the
amendment is framed, I say it ought not to pass, i
I understand from the department that most of 1
those Virginia warrants that are now circulating
around the country are considered to be spurious !
and fraudulent. Let the gentleman from Virginia _
bring in a separate bill in relation to this subject. !
All I can do is to insist on action in regard to \
this bill. It has to go back to the House. And I
fear that if the amendments be adopted—the one
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, and the
other by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] the bill may be lost. 1 know the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin would not embarrass this
bill. Western men do not want to embarrass the
bill. They are willing to give bounty to the old
soldiers. They are not only willing to fight them-
selves, but they are willing to pay men for fight-
ing. And I hope the gentleman from Wisconsin
will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MANGUM. I am very far from being
other than a friend to the old soldiers, and I ut-
terly disavow any purpose either directly or indi-
rectly to defeat this measure. I have no such
purpose.
Mr. SHIELDS. I know that.
Mr. MANGUM. Very far from it. But I ap-
peal to the intelligence of the Senate, whether,
with so many nominations unacted upon, and at
this late period of the session, in the event that
there shall be rejections, and there may bo many—
it will not be discourteous and unjust to the Exec-
utive to force him, at the closing moments of the
session, to make selections to fill the vacancies. I
shall, therefore, before I resume my seat, renew
the motion to postpone this bill, out of no ani-
mosity or hostility to the measure whatsoever.
So far from it, as far as my vote can aid it, I will
render every sort of facility to the earliest consid-
eration of it. I think it is a measure well merit-
ing the favorable consideration of the Senate.
I now move to lay the bill upon the table, with
a view of offering a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business.
Mr. SHIELDS. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and naya having been ordered, were
taken, and the motion to lay the bill upon the ta-
ble was negatived by the following vote: *
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell, Berrien,
Butler, Dawson, Dayton, Greene, Hamlin, Hunter, King,
Mdngum, Mason, Norris, Pratt, Smith, Spruance, CJnder-
woori, Wales, Walker, andWinthrop—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas Downs, Ewing^Feleh, Foote,
Fremont, Gwin, Houston, Jones, Morton, Sebastian, Sew-
aid, Shields, Sturgeon, Turney, and Whiteomb—26.
A long debate ensued upon the bounty land bill,
which will be found in the Appendix. Without
taking a final question, the further consideration
of the subject was postponed till to-morrow.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, September 17, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
Mr. LEFFLER inquired of the Speaker what
was the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER said it was the call of the
committees for reports.
Mr, McCLERNAND called for the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. LEFFLER desired to make a report.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose, he said, to
a privileged question. He moved to reconsider
the vote by which the main question had yes-
terday been ordered to be taken on the Senate
bill, reported by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Bowun,] from the Committee on Public'
Lands, entitled " An act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim swamp lands
within their territory."
The question was then taken on the said mo-
tion, and the vote was reconsidered.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas, appealed to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Williams,]
who had made the demand for the previous ques-
tion, to withdraw it.
Mr. WILLIAMS withdrew the demand for the
previous quesiion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, then said that
for want of observation, and under a misappre-
hension, the words "unfit for cultivation," had
not been inserted in this bill. The insertion of
bese words would be satisfactory to the gentle-
men who had yesterday opposed the bill. Its
friends were entirely willing that it should be thus
amended. He, therefore, moved to amend the
first section of the bill, after the words " swamp,
and overflowed lands," by inserting the words
" made thereby unfit for cultivation." He asked
that the section might be read, for the information
of the House,! as it would stand if it should be
thus amended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,]
that the amendment must be offered as an amend-
ment to the pending amendment.
The following are the pending amendments of
the committee.
" In the first section strike out the words in italics.
" Be it further enacted, &e., That to enable the State of
Arkansas to construct the necessary levees and drains to re-
claim ihc swamp and overflowed lands therein, tne whole
of these swamp and overflowed lands I.tw.mand desizvated
on the plats of the General TaivA Office as 'swamplands,*
mid which shall remain unsold at the passage oi this aet,
shall be and the same are hereby granted to said State.3'
" In tile last section insert tin.: words in brackets [ }.
'■ Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, Tnat the piovisions
of this act be extended to and their benefits beconferied
upon each of the other States of the Union in which such
swamp [and overflowed] lands, known and designated as
aforesaid, may be situated."
Mr. VINTON was understood to say, that he
had understood the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] to remark that the words which he pro-
posed to insert had been omitted by mistake.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interposing,)
