1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept*!
said, not by mistake, but merely from the want of
observation.
Mr. VINTON was understood to say, he hoped
that the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] would be made. It was
one of the very things which he (Mr. V.) desired
yesterday to have had put into the bill, if he could
have obtained the floor for the purpose of offer-
ing it.
The SPEAKER directed business to be sus-
pended until order should have been restored.
And a pause of some length followed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand from the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] whether he proposes his amendment as
an-amendment to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is intended
as an additional amendment to the amendment of
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr- McCLERNAND addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER again directed business to be
suspended until order should have been restored in
the Hall. After another pause—
The SPEAKER stated the question on the
amendment of Mr Johnson.
Mr. ANDREWS said he objected.
Mr. HARALSON desired to call the attention of
the House for a single moment to this proposition,
in order to understand what its operation would
be. How could it be ascertained what lands were
fit, or what lands were unfit for cultivation? He
understood that in the map in the General Land
Office, they were designated as swamp lands.
They might pass as overflowed lands, but there
was nothing in the map which designated them as
unfit for cultivation. How was the fact to be
ascertained ? By- surveys under the State authori-
ties; or were commissioners to be appointed by
the General Government to go and ascertain the
state of the case ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he would
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Haralson] with pleasure. The lands
conveyed by this bill would be ascertained and
declared by the General Land Office, from the
plats and field-notes. The field-notes (continued
Mr, J.) are the full report of the surveys made
out by the deputy surveyors on each half mile of
the surveyed lands, officially and under oath, and
under bonds. Whenever those reports fail to
show the land to be overflowed, this bill has nothing
to do with it. I think this ought to be satisfactory
to every man I move the previous question.
Tellers were asked and refused.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
aye^ 79, noes not counted. So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The reading of the amendment was called for,
and it was read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Johnson was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested that the same
amendment was applicable to the last section *of
the bill.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment could
be made by the unanimous consent of the House.
No objection being made, the last section of the
bill was amended so as to correspond with the
first.
Mr. RUMSEY asked that the last section of the |
bill might be read.
And it was read accordingly.
The amendments, as amended, were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at
this time; and having been read a third time by
its title, and the question being on its passage—
Mr, BOWLIN asked the previous question.
Mr. VENABLE was understood to inquire of
the Speaker, whether the same amendment which
had been made to the first section, had been in-
serted in the last ?
The SPEAKER explained that it had been
made.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the second to the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second; and the main question on
the passage of the bill was ordered to be now ta-
ken.
Mr. OTIS asked the yeas and nays on the pas-
sage of the bill; which were ordered.
' The question, " Shall the bill pass ?" was taken
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 53,,
as follow:
TEAS—Messrs. Alberlson, Alston, Anderson, A-hrnun,
Averett, Baker, Bay, Bayly,, Beale, Bingham, Bissell,
Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Brt-rk, Briggs, A. G. Brown,
W.J. Brown, Burt, T. B. Butler, E. C. CabelT, Joseph Ca-
ble, George A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell-, Cttrtter, Casey,
Chandler, Cleveland, Clingman, W. E. W. Cobb, Cole,
Corwin, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,. Eliot,
Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gilbert, Gil-
more, Gorman, Gotl, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hall, (Tamil,
ton. Harlan, Main G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas,
Harris, Hay, Haymond, Hoagiand, Holladay, Howard,,
Hubbard, Hunter. Inge, Joseph W. Jckson, James L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, La Sire
Leffier, McClemand, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey,
Robert M'. McLane, McQueen, Me Willie, Miller, M'lllson,
Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker,
Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Richardson,
Bobbins, Robinson, Rose, Sawtelle, Schonck, Seddon,
Spanlding, Spraaue, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Hichard
If. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Taylor, Thomas,
J -cob Thompson, Thurman, Venable, Waldo, Walking,
Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Williams, Wood, and
Young—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Burrows,
Cheater Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Clarke, Colcock, Deberry,
Dickey, Dunmiek, Etmundson, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Gerry, Halloway, H.irakon, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard,
Howe, William T. Jackson, Georye G. King, J'. G. Knur,
John A Kinn, Preston King, l.ittlefield, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Mason, Malteson, McLanahan, Meaeham, Nelson,
Ogle, Otis, Reed, Risley, Ross, Rumsey, Saekett, Schermer-
horn, Silvester, Thaddeus Stevens, SteU-on, Strong, James
Thompson, Underbill, Vinton, Walden, Wallace, Wildnck,
and Woodward—53.
So the bill was ,
Mr. BOWLIN moved to reconsider the Vote,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUEL stated, he was not within the bar
when his name was called, having been detained
necessarily from his seat, but wished to vote for
the bill. Objection was made.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, without amendment, House
bill granting the right of way to the Alton and
Sangamon Railroad Company.
The bill was read.
And the question being on ordering it to be en-
grossed for a third reading—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said there was a word
in the bill which he saw no necessity for—the
word "mineral." He moved that it be stricken
out.
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man who reported this bill if it is one of those al-
ternate-section bills?
Mr. BOWLIN. No. It merely grants the
right of way.
Mr. HALL. I move the previous question.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to second the previous question.
Mr. HAMPTON. 1 wish to know if the bill
is open to amendment?
The reply of the Speaker was not heard.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, wished to suggest to
his colleague who had charge of the plank road in
Alabama,'that it would be a very good opportunity
to move that bill as an amendment to the one under
consideration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote, and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEBATES IN CALIFORNIA CONVENTION.
Mr. G1LMORE rose (he said) to a privileged
question, and desired to call up the resolution for
the purchase of the debates of the California con-
vention.
Mr. BOWLIN. Is that a privileged question .'
Mr. GILMORE. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, some time since, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Liorary the following resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on Printing;
the gentleman from Pennsylvania moved to recon-
sider that vote, and the question is now on the
motion to reconsider:
« Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to sub-
scribe fur three thousand copies of the debates in the Cali-
fornia convention, by J. Ross Brown, on the formation of
her constitution : Provided, That no greater puce per copy
shall he paid than will be a lair compensation for paper,
press-work, and binding."
Mr. GILMORE called attention to the fact that
the resolution now provided for the-purchsss of only
one thousendfive hundred copies-; in its original
form it provided for three thousand.
Mr. STANLY moved to- lay th« motioo to re-
consider on the table, bat withdrew the motion.
The question, "ShalHhe vote be reeonsidwed ?"
was agreed to! *
The question recurring, "ShalHtife resolution be
referred to the Committee on Printing?'
Mr. SCUENCK moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken and decided ill tfie af-
firmative.
So the resolution was laid on the tabfe.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
Mr. BOWLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pubjic Lands to report a bill, to
which I wish to invite the attention of the House,
"ranting alternate sections of the public ianda for
the making of a railroad.
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title, viz: "A bill to grant to the State of Mis-
souri the right of way and a'portion of the public
land for making a railroad from St. Louis to the
western limits of said State."
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the bill be put upon
its passage.  
Mr. MATTESON called for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. BOWLIN said he would give way for
the reading in a moment.
Mr. CARTTER wished to offer an amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN said he would give way to allow
the gentleman to offer his amendment in a moment;
The bill was read.
Mr. CARTTER requested the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] to yield the floor to enable
him (Mr. C.) to offer an amendment.
Mr. C. sent up to the Clerk's table tfie follbwing
amendment, which he desired to offer, and which
was read for information.
[The amendment (a copy of which could not
be procured) makes the bill applicable in all its
benefits and liabilities to the Eastern and Western
road running through the States of Illinois, Indiana
and Ohio to St. Louis.]
The SPEAKER. Theamendment can be enter-
tained only by the unanimous-consent of theHouse;
Mr. CARTTER hoped (he said) that no objec-
tion would be made. The amendment proposed
to extend the grants of land to the Eastern and
Western roads' running through the States of In-
diana, Illinois, and Ohio, on to St. Louis-, and
pointing to the Pacific ocean; and he desired to
make a single remark, that if any appropriation of
this character could approximate to a national ap-
propriation, that involved in the amendment Was
essentially one of that description.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
offer the amendment at this time by unanimous
cnosent. If there is no objection; the amendment
will be received.
Mr. McGAUGHEY addressed the Chair.
Mr. BOWLIN claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bowlin] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. McGAUGHEY was understood to inquire
of the Speaker, whether it would now be in order
to move to commit the bill ?
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman had not the
floor for the purpose. The gentleman from .Mis-
souri [Mr. Bowlin] was entitled to it.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to be informed by-the
Speaker, why it was that unanimous consent wa8
required to allow the gentleman from-Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] to introduce his amendment ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided (and
probably on the point made bythe^gentleman from
Ohio now offering the amendment) that one mem-
ber cannot yield the floor to another for the par-
pose of making a motion.
Objection was made to Mr. Cam-thh's amend-
ment. So' -it'was not received.
Mr- BOWLIN then resumed the floor, and wa 
proceeding' to speak; when ....
Mr: FOWLER interposed, and said hedesirett
to put-a-question.
Mr. BOWLIN yielded the floor.
M"r. FOWLER was understood to inquire
what the length of thisroad wou-ld be in the State
of Missouri ? He asked -the question in order that
