1850.
THE COfttittSSSGNilL Qhdm.
m*
the quantity 6f laftd appropriated by th6 bill might
be computed.
Mr. BOWLlN". The road is two hundred and
fifty A)ties long.
Mr. B. then preceded to address the House in
favor of the bill, arguing that there was a peculiar
fitness iri presenting it as a test question* to the
House on the principle whether Congress would
grant to the States in which the public- land Ires,
alternate sections for purposes of pubHc improve-
ment.
Mr. B had spoken .but eight minutes when—=-
Mr* ASHMUN interposed to a privileged ques-
tion. He desired to be informed by the Speaker
whether the morning hour had not expired ?
The SPEAKE& said, the morning hour had
expired.
Mr. ASHNfUN moved that the Houste proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Askm'tjn, rind decided in the affirmative.
So the Housfe determined to proceed to the con-
sideration of btfSirtesfe <Sn the Speaker's table.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GlLB'EKT asked ahd obtained the Uiiani-*
fnouS consent of the House to introduce bills of
the following titles', of Which notice had heretofore
been given:
A bill to establish certain light-houses, fog sig-
nals, beacons, and buoys, on the cbast of the State
of California, and for the' survey of the coast and
harbors of said State. Read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California, which were collected in the pdrts of
said State as" a revenue uport' imports, sinrfe the
ratification of the treaty of peace between the
United States and thte Republic of Mexico, and
prior' to the admission of said State into the
Union; which rtfa'd a first arid second'time by
its title, and' referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr CR'OWELL, from the Committee ori Indi-
a'h Affairs, to Which Wals referred the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 6th of May
last, respecting the'contract madfe with Henry M.
Rice, for the removal of the Wittnebaffoes from
Iowa and Wisconsin to their lands in Minnesota,
made a' report thereon.
Mr. CROWELL said, that nb etction was re-
quired; and he moved that the report be laid upoh
the tablfc and printed.
Ordered accordingly.
The House then passed to the consideration of
Business on the Speaker's table.
PER DIEM AND MILEAGE.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the bill making appropriations to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appropriations for the pay
and mileage of members of Congress, which said
bill had been returned from the Senate, with a dis-
agreement on the part of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 believe the best thing we can
do will be to recede fro,m our disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, and I make that motion.
Several Voices. What is the amendment?
We do not know anything about it.
The SPEAKER. The following proviso in
the bill of the House was stricken out by the
Senate:
Provided, That Hip Senators and Representatives from
California be allowed the sattie mileage as the Delegate from
Oregon, and no more.
And the following was inserted in lieu thereof,
viz:
" That the mileage of the Senators and Representatives
from California, and the Delegate from Oregon, be coin-
pined according to the most usual traveling route within
the limits of the United States; and the per diem of the
isaid Senators and Representatives, for this -session, shall
commence from' the day oft which the constitution of Cali-
fornia was first commualeated- to the tivo Houses of Con-
gress, respectively."
Mr. CARTTER, (to the'Speaker.) lis it in order
to move that the HoUsfe' adher'e to its amendment;?
The SPEAKER. The ittotion to adhere i§ in
order; but the Speaker will suggest to the gentle-
mart from Ohio [MK Cartter] that the ufeual
niotiotf m&de at this stfcgfe of the business is, that
the Hbas^irfsisti a*nd&'mofcioft to in&iat is m order;
Mr. GARTTER. I make that niottoti.
The SPEAKER. The gentfeman fro#i Virginia
[Mr. Bayly], has moved that tire HouSte rScfccte
from its disagreement to the amendment of th'6
Senate, and that motidn is first rfr order.
The question was taken-, and decrd^d iri the Mg-
ative, without a division'.
So the House refused to recfede from it# dis-
agreement.
The question then recurred on the motiofr of
Mr. Cartter, that the House insist on its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BAYLY added to the motion, and that ri
comtaiittee of conference, on the part of this House,
be appointed.
The question tyas thferi taken, atod decided irt th6
affirmative.
So the House insisted on its disagreement tb
the amendment of the Senate, and a committee of
conference on the part of this House wa3 ordered
to be appointed.
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, by the unani-
mous consent of the House, the bill rfejk>Vted by
Mr. Bowlin, from the Committee on Public
Lands, providing for a grant of land to th£ Stfcte
of Missouri, was drdered td be prihtedl
RETIRED LIST.
The Senate bill entitled '* An act to increase the
efficiency of the army, by a retired list, for dis-
abled officers," coming up in its order, was read a
first and second time by its title, and on the motion
of Mr. Burt, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
MINERAL LANDS.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to redufce the
minimum price of this public lands, in the Lake Su-
perior district, iri Michigan, and the Chippfcwa
district, in Wisconsin," coming up,-and having
been refcd a first and second time" by its title—
iVJr. BINGHAM. This is a Senate bill. It
proposes to rfeduce the price of the mineral lands
on the coast of Lake Superior. By an act of Con-
gress heretofore passed, all those lands that wfere
designated as mineral lands were placed at five
dollars per afcre. The Commissioner of the Land
Office reported that the lands really mineral HaVfe
beert sold. The balance consists of agricultural
l&nds, and the bill prdposes to reduce the pricfe of
fbem to $1,25. I move thfett it be put upon its
passage, and 1 call the previous question.
Mr. VINTON. I desire to ask a question. Is
there any provision in this bill by which the lafods
shall be put up to sale' before thfey are subject to
private entry at th'e reduced prie'e?
Mr. BINGHAM. YeS,sir— yeg. I hripg thttt
the bill will be read.
Mr. McGAUGHEY (to the Sfteake'r.) Is it in
order to motfe that'the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. Not pending thfe demand for
the previous qUfes'tiori.
Mr. BINGHAM. If there is any general desire
on the pfrrt of the House that this bill should go
tb the Committee on Public Lands for examina-
tion, I shall not object. But the chairman of
that committee [Mr. Bowl'iN] state's' that he ifc"
perfectly willing that the bill should bfe put
its passage.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I preferthat the bill sfiottld
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands, so
that we may have th'eresponsibility of that Commit-
tee in relation to its provisions.
The question then rfecurred atfd was taken on
the demand for! the previous question; atid the
vote stood—ayes 63, noes 41.
No quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Mason and
Calvin,were appointed.
ThS question was then again t&ken, and the
vote stood—ayes 73, noes 51.
So there was a second, and the main question
was ordered to be no\fr taken.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for the
reading of the bill.
The Clerk commenced reading it.
The SPEAKER interposed, and skid" that thfc
redding of the bill tfould be suspended until order
had been restored in the Hail.
Mr. DOTY. Then it will never be read.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen are not aware
how loud their conversation is.
Some time elapsed in the effort to restore order.
The' reading of the bHl was then concluded.
And t'h'e bill, Mving been orfTered to a third
reading at this tifhS, Was read a tftird time,£ndthfc
quesTroft being on' it 6 passage,
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous qu^
tibn.
Tellers ft ere ordered, and Messrs. Rjciuis#-
son and AshmjjSt wete ap)*>6imed.
The' SPEAKER requested genttetffefi Co vote oss
one side or ttie dthei1, to' secure a quorum.
And the question beingf tafce'ri, tfifc vote —
ayes 73, nobs not counted4.
So there was a second; and the main question (old
the passage the of hill)'was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. HUlSfTEK asked the yeas and nays on the
main question; which ^frere ordered.
The question,<l Shall the bill pas's?" was taken
and decid'ed in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 55,
as follow:
YEAS—Ift'essrs. AlbertPori, Ashe, Asbniun, AvereU,
Bnkrr, Bpalf, Ringhaih, Bissell, Booth, Bowie, Bowlii).,
Boyd, Brcek, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J.^Brown,
BueJ, Chester Butl' r, E. C. C.tbell, Gt'orze A. Gdldwqlly
Cartter, Chandler, Cleveland, W K. W. Cobb, Cole. Cor-
Win, Crowell, Disney, Doty, Dtifr, Duhhara, Durkee, Ed-
mundson, Ehot, Ewmg, Fowler, Freedley, Gorman, Goit,
Gr^en, Grinneil, Hall, Hampton, Haralson, Harlan. F.*ham
G Harris, Sampson W. Harris,Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Hoiladay, Howard", Hubbard, Inge, Jbwph VV-
Jae^on, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, /ones, Ju-
lian, Kaufman^ La Sfere, Job Mann,
McDowell, lyicLanalmn, Robert, M. MoLane, McQueen^
iVIcWillie, M^acbAbi, iVt'dof-e, IVforeheari, Morris,, Morse,
O^fle, Phelps, PlKenix", Pitman, Potter, P'owell, Richardson,
Robbms, Rohin^on, l?ose, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, School-
craf-, Seddon, Spatilding, Spiague, Frederick V. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Tavlor. Jacob Thomp-
sorl, Jariie« l^hompgon, 'J'hurrtian, Tuck, Vinton, WaJderi,
Waldo, Watkitife, WtintWorth, White, Whitttesfey, WH-
drick, Wjlliatns, Wocd, and Yonne—111.
NAYS—Me&srs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bokee, Joseph 1'. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Clarke,
Coieock, Daniel, DebWry, Dickey. Nathan Uvahs, Gentry,
Gould, Hamilton, Hayniond, Hfbard, Henry, Howe, Hunter,
VVilham T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kt^rr^ George G.
King, James G. Km?, John A. King, Preston King, Uttje-
field, Horace Maitil, Marshall, Mason, McDonald, Ulc-
Gauuli^y, McKissock', MoMullfen, Miller, Nelson, Oii.«, Out-
law, Parker, Pfaslee, Piunain. Reed, Risley, Rilmsvv,Sack-
ett, Schepuerhom, ^'iSvesier, Alexander H. St^>hen ?
Thaddeus Stevens, Wallace, and Woodward-—55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider thevote*
and to lay that motion oh the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he had
voted for the bill and was a friend to it; but he
thought the first section required amendment to
relieve it of ambiguity. It provided that the lands
should be offered for sale, which might be con-
strued private sale. If they were sd offered, it
would give rise to very bad speculation. He was
convinced his friend from Michigan did not wish
any such result. He therefore suggested to the
gentleman to allow the bill to be amended by in-
serting that the land should be offered at public
sale.
Mr. BINGHAM said he was willing the bill
should be so amended.
No objection being made,
The bill was amended as proposed by IV^r.
Thompson.
The motidn of Mr. BiftfcHA&i to Ifty on the table
the motion to rfecori^ide'r wfcs put and agredd to.
Mr. WILDRIClC rf/ade a rfepdrtfrom the Com-
mitted on Enrolled Bills.
POTOMAC INSURANCE (lOMPAjNT.
The Senate bill, e'n'titled an act to renew and
continue in force thfe charter of the Potomac Insu-
rance Company of Georgetown, coming up in its
order, was read a first arid second time by its title,
and, on the motion of Mr. Brown, of Mississippi,
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
LAND CLAIMS AT SATJLT STE. MAUI®.
The Senate bill, entitled an act to provide for
the examination and settlement of the claims for
land at the Sault Ste. Marie, in Michigan, coming
up in order, was read a first and second time by
its title.
M r. BINGHAM said this bill proposed to make
no grant of public land, but provided for a settle-
ment of the claims to land of the French who set-
tled at Sault Ste. Marie when that country was
ceded to the United States. It proposed to author-
ize the register and receiver of the land office
to investigate these claims and make a report to
the.General Land Office. He asked that ihe bill
be read, and hoped it would be put upon its pass-
age.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
