1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
ber of additiotial clerks was specified and recom-
mended in the report of the Postmaster General ?
Mr. PEARCE. The Postmaster General has
not stated the precise number.
Mr. BRADBURY. Did not the honorable Sen-
ator speak of eleven additional clerks being recom-
mended in the report of the Postmaster General ?
Mr. PEARCE. I spoke of eleven being recom-
mended in the report of the First Assistant Post-
master General.
Mr. BRADBURY. Do I understand that this
addition of twenty-two clerks will be any addi-
tion to the number of clerks in the office of the
Sixth Auditor, who audits the Post Office ac-
counts ?
Mr. PEARCE. It is my opinion that it will.
The Sixth Auditor's office is part of the General
Post Office. He is an officer of that department,
because he audits and controls its accounts. And
he is an officer of the Treasury Department in 110
other wise than that he has charge of the finances
of the Post Office Department.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not understand that
this amendment will give any additional clerks to
the office of the Sixth Auditor. I am informed
that this amendment, with the construction that is
likely to be given to it, will not give any addi-
tional clerks to the office of the Sixth Auditor, be-
cause that office is part of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I wish to state,
that so far as my opinion goes, if you wish to con-
sult economy, you will not appropriate a gross
sum for the employment of temporary labor, but
make an appropriation designating the clerks and
their salaries. If you appropriate a gross sum for
the employment of temporary labor, you will have
to appropriate about double the amount that is ne-
cessary to perform that labor.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was lost.
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rdsk.]
Mr. DICKINSON. I shall feel compelled to vote
against that amendment, because I cannot vote for
such things in a deficiency bill.
Mr. CASS. I desire to inquire whether this
bill contains enough to last till the 30th of June?
Mr. DICKINSON. It does.
Mr. CASS. If I understand it, this deficiency
bill contains the amount which the Postmaster
General supposes will be necessary to the 30th of
June. If we are to provide a permanent appro-
priation, and if we are now to enter into a discus-
sion of the appropriation bill, on account of what
may be the state of things hereafter in this depart-
ment, why not go into the discussion of the whole
bill, in relation to every department?
Mr. RUSK. I havestated, three different times,
important reasons for this appropriation. Several
Governments are waiting, having made proposi-
tions here to enter into important postal arrange-
ments with this country, that cannot be gone into
until there has been some action on the part of
Congress on this appropriation bill, furnishing the
necessary means. There is an additional reason,
which is, the mail service for California. I have a
bill which I intend to call up at an early day, on this
subject, calling for additional help here. It is in a
wretched condition, and if for that reason this ap-
propriation would be well at the end of the ses-
sion, would it not be better now? Another reason
is this: that for upwards of a month, an immense
amount of business, more than at any other sea-
son of the year, devolves upon the department, on
account of the contracts; and some of them'will
have to be delayed, if we delay this bill; perhaps
some of them will be delayed for a month.
Mr. CASS. I have no doubt that an additional
appropriation is necessary, and I am prepared to
vote for it; but I doubt whether it is necessary to
make any appropriation for the time after the thir-
tieth of June.
The question being taken, and the yeas and nays
being ordered, they resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Clarke,
Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of
Iowa Dod«e of Wisconsin, Downs, Foote, Greene, Hale,
Hamlin, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Pcarce, Phelps,
Rusk Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Under-
wood, and Wales—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Chase, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Felch, Hunter, King, Norris,
Sebasuan, Turney, WalKer, and Yulee—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to offer an amendment,
which I was instructed by the Committee 011 Pub-
lic Buildings to present:
" For the improvement of the grounds about the Presi-
dent's House and the grounds attached to the Navy Depart-
ment liuilding, and between it and ihe Washington Canal,
$10,000." a '
Mr. CLAY. I rise to make an inquiry in refer-
ence to the appropriation just passed. I under-
stand the bill which we are acting upon appropri-
ates about §12,000 for the temporary employment
of clerks now in the actual employment of the
Post Office Department. The appropriation which
we have just made is for twenty-two clerks to be
employed in addition to those already employed.
Now, ought you not to strike out this $12,000—
or, as I believe it is, $11,900—otherwise you will
be making a double appropriation, in part at
least, for the same object?
Mr. RUSK. The appropriation of $11,900 is
for temporary clerkships; but what amount has
been expended for past service I do not know.
Upon reflection, 1 suppose, if the appropriation
was too large, the whole of it would not be used
by the Postmaster General. I would have no ob-
jection to this $11,900 being stricken out, but it
may be that a considerable portion of the labor
for which this appropriation was made may have
been performed.
Mr. CLAY. If not wholly stricken out, it
should be, so far as the past labor has been paid
for. There ought to be so much stricken out as
is apportioned from now to the 30th of June—say
one-sixth, one-fifth, one-fourth, or one-third.
Mr. PEARCE. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky that this amendment may be
modified to suit him by the addition of the words
"or so much thereof as is necessary." When the
bill is reported back to the Senate, 1 shall move to
add these words.
Mr. HUNTER- The amendment I have of-
fered relates to an appropriation made for the im-
provement of the grounds south of the President's
house, by planting trees, and by such filling up of
the low grounds about the canal as to conduce to
the health of the city.
Mr. DICKINSON. This is not strictly appli-
cable to the deficiency bill. There is certainly a
strong aigument in favor of this appropriation, on
account of the benefit it may be to the health of
the city; but I cannot vote for it myself, because I
think it is not strictly applicable to an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings how much we ap-
propriated last year for the improvement of the
public grounds near the President's house, and
what was done with it?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not able to inform the
Senator fiom New Hampshire what the amount
appropriated last year was.
Mr. HALE. I believe it was something like
$30,000 that was appropriated last session.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe not, sir; probably
not half that sum.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hunter, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Public Buildings to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
" For continuing the improvements of the public grounds
west of Seventh street, designated as the Mall, §5,000."
Mr. BADGER. I presume that was the amend-
ment to which my friend alluded as the one to
which my amendment would be pertinent. I de- i
sire, therefore, to move mine as an amendment I
to his. I beg leave to state that I am extremely !
happy to" have the opportunity of proposing "j
an amendment that will meet with the general j
acceptance of the Senate. It is free from every ob-
jection that has been urged to any amendment
offered to-day. In the fiist place, it is for a small
sum; in the next place, it contemplates the erec-
tion of no green-house; in the third place, it is for
the adornment and beautifying of the public
grounds, so that it must meet the acceptance of the
gentleman from New York; and, in the fourth
place, it is highly important to promote the public
health of the city by removing an existing nuisance,
the existance of which nobody knows better than
yourself, Mr. President, [Mr Atchison.] Iwould
have reserved this amendment for the general appro-
priation bill, butevery gentleman knows that it will
not tome up until late in the session} consequently
all the inconveniences "of this nuisance will be in-
curred before it is possible to bring that bill before
the Senate. I will add, also, that it is a measure of
an extremely healing character, and as such will
be as much calculated to strengthen the existing
bonds of the Union as anything else that has been
proposed to-day.
The amendment was read, as follows;  
" For enclosing with a substantial woodc-n fence, grading,
and planting with trees, the ground on the canal, between
Third and Sixth streets, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was adopted.
Mr. CASS. I move that the appropriation for
the mission to Austria be striken out.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the Senator with-
draw that amendment for a moment, while I offer
one other amendment proposed by the commit-
tee ?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. DICKINSON. The amendment I have to
offer is this:
"For contingent expenses of the office of the First Au-
ditor of the Treasury ,f655."
I understand this is all he asks, and that thi#
is necessary for the contingent expenses, of the
office; and when one of the public officers asks for
so small a sum, I think it ought to be granted to
him.
The motion to amend was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I propose to insert the
following item:
" For contingent expenses of the Territory of Minnesota
$650."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. Since the bill came to us
from the House, the Committee on Finance have
been informed by the Treasury Department that
there is a deficiency in the payment of the salaries
of the governor, the judges, and the secretary of
that Territory. The appropriation was made for
one year, and they have been appointed one year
and some months, and this appropriation will
bring us to the end of the present fiscal year. I
propose to add, therefore—
"And for deficiencies in appropriations for the salaries of
the governor, three judges, and secretary of the Territory
ol Minnesota for the present fiscal year, $3,209 67."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I wish
to offer an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from New York, as follows: ;•
" For deficiency in the last "appropriation defraying the
expenses of the government of the Territory, nine,, thou-
sand six hundred and forty-five dollars and sixteen "cents,
($9,645 16,) the accounts for which shall be forthwith aud-
ited and settled by the proper accounting otijeer of the
Treasury."
I would state, Mr. President, that since the
passage of the deficiency bill in the House of
Representatives, the Delegate- from the Territory
of Minnesota received a communication from the
secretary of that Territory, stating that.there was •
a deficiency to that amount, but it was received
too late to be the basis of any action in the House.
Because it did not come in a more official form,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance did
not offer the amendment.
We have made but one appropriation for this
Territory heretofore, and that was to the amount
of $13,700. That appropriation was made on the
last night of the last session of Congress, upon
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin. That
amount would not be sufficient for the annual
expenses of the government of the Territory; and
besides, this year was the first session of the ter 
ritorial legislature. The appropriation made last
year, the first year of the Territory of Minnesota,
was the same as that which had been made to
Iowa and Wisconsin the last year o*f their terri-
torial governments. ...
1 hope, sir, there will be no opposition to this
amendment, for we have the certificates of the se-
cretary of the Territory and of Governor Ramsey
that it is necessary.
Mr. DICKINSON. This estimate consists en-
tirely—at any rate, a very large portion of it—for
printing the communications of the secretary of
the Territory of Minnesota. There was, I believe,
a note of the Delegate from that Territory sent to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and he returned it
without consideration. It has been again returned
to the Secretary of the Treasury by the Senator
from Iowa, and the Secretary of the Treasury is
still disinclined to take the responsibility of making
