rm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
these appropriations, but recommends that- the ap-
propriations should be made in the form proposed
by the Senator from Iowa, as named in his amend-
ment that is, that the appropriation should be
made, reserving to the department the right to
audit arid to pay only such amount as may be
allowed according to law. There is no great harm
in thfe amendment. Yet I must confess that I do
not like such a mode of legislation. I would
rather it came in a mote responsible form; and for
that reason 1 did nut like to suggest the amend-
ment. If my friend from Iowa thinks it is neces-
sary, and will be useful, I have no objection.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa". There is no question
that this is the best and most legitimate claim that
has been made upon the Government. It is for
work done, for labor already performed. That
being the case, I hope we shall not jail to make
this appropriation for the payment of these salaries.
If any claim is made that should not be allowed,
the Secretary of the Treasury will disallow it; but
I have no idea any such claim will be made.
Mr. FOOTE. I opposed thisamendmentafew
days ago, and should do so again had it not been
- for the satisfactory explanation of my friend from
Iowa. On hearing that explanation, I think there
cab be no doubt the claim is just.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
" Mr. DICKINSON. The committee have an-
other amendment to offer, which is in the appro-
priation for the erection of a custom-house at East-
port, in Maine. I move to strike out the word
II eight," and insert the word '•thirteen" instead
thereof, so that the item will stand: " To com-
' plete the erection of a custom-house at Eastport,
• Maine, and for compensation of architect, for
'Ahe fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1850,
' $13,780." And also to strike out the subsequent
item, "To supply the deficiency in the appropria-
tions for the completion of the custom-house at
' Eastport, Maine, and to compensate the architect
' for his services, for the fiscal year ending the 30th
'June, A. D. 1850, the sum of §5,000." Therca-
' on is this; In the House of Representatives the
estimate for §8,780 to complete the erection of the
custom-house at Eastport, Maine, and for the com-
pensation of the architect, was proposed. After
that was adopted, and before the bill was com-
pleted, a further amendment was made, recom-
mending a further appropriation of &5.000. But,
under the stringent rules of that House, it was too
late to offer it as an amendment to the first item of
appropriation, and it was offered in the last item.
There are, therefore, two items for the same pur-
pose in the bill. I therefore piopose to amend it
by striking out and changing the amount of the
remaining item to the sum of $13,760.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PEA.RCE. I desire to submit an amend-
ment which the chairman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia—the Senator from Vir-
ginia, now absent—desired should be made: i
"For improving Indiana avenue, front the City Hall to j
the Capitol, §7,000, oi so much thereof mav be neces- !
sary, to be expended under tiie control of the Commissioner i
of Public Building*."
Three years ago an appropriation for this pur-
pose was made without accomplishing it. The j
grading of the street was not completed, and the >
amendment is ?o appropriate such a sum as will ]
complete it; and the necessity for it is as follows: j
Thej-ailroad company are about to remove their :
depot to the station house; and if tins amendment
is not passed the grading of Indiana avenue can-
not be finished, and there will be no access to it at
all. The object of the amendment, therefore, is
to complete that for which Congress three years f
ago made an insufficient appropriation.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senate allow me to
state an additional fact? The locality is known
to every gentleman present. There will be no
access to the railroad depot except one by no
means convenient. The Corporation design to
open two other streets, which will have access to
the Post Office Department and the Patent Office, j
but they cannot accomplish it in time to have it in
operation this year. They may do it in the fall. ;
This, if gentlemen will observe, has been com-
pleted, or nearly so; and with this additional ap- !
propriation, it will not only extend itself to the !
dep6t, but it will be brought through to the Capitol.
• Mr. DICKINSON, This belongs to a class
or-appropriations which I desire should not be
attached to this bill. It comes from a responsible
committee, who understand their duty better than
I do for them. I cannot object to the item as
such, but I rise for the purpose of desiring my
friend from Maryland to strikeout that part of the
bill which seems to me to be entirely illusory; that
is, the words, " or so much thereof as may be
necessary." We all know the effect which will
result from retaining that.
Mr. CLARKE. It was supposed that the ap-
propriation made last year would be amply suf-
ficient to repair Indiana avenue. Some conversa-
tion took place in the committee with regard to it,
and- the committee considered that it would be
best to examine and see what was necessary, and
what had already been done, before any such ap-
propriation was made. For myself, I hardly
think this appropriation is absolutely necessary.
If the appropriation is made, I agree with the
honorable Senator from New York that the por-
tion he has named should be stricken out.
Mr. HUNTER. This came from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and my col-
league, who was chairman of the committee, re-
quested the Senator from Maryland to attend to
it and present it. It was never before our com-
mittee.
Mr. CLARKE. If the Senator from Virginia
is satisfied as to the propriety of this appropria-
tion, I have no objection.
Mr. BADGER. Let the words stand as they
are, only strike out the word " thereof," and insert
the woid " more," so that it may read, "as much
more as is necessary," which will not only em-
brace all that may now be thought proper, but till
that may be necessary hereafter. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is out of
order.
Mr. KING. I have listened with great atten-
tion to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and I think there
is great propriety in his suggestion. I take it for
granted that all the money will be expended that
may be appropriated, and as much more as they
can induce Congress to give them. Now, sir, we
are told that we cannot get to the depot unless we
make this appropriation, and until this avenue is
graded and put m order. I hope we shall have
some estimate of the probable cost of this work,
something more specifically given, before we pro-
ceed to action on this appropriation. I am willing
to sanction all necessary appropriations; but we
certainly ought first to see that these appropria-
tions are both necessary and useful before we vote
for them. The appropriations that have already
been made, il we weie to see the deficiencies that
may occur, and the amount of estimated expendi-
ture, I think will exceed anything that has ever
taken place before; and, whether the treasury re-
ceipts be great or small, it is exceedingly question-
able whether they will meet the expenditure.
Mr. FOOTE. Do I understand that the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina has examined
this matter, and is perfectly satisfied ?
Mr. MANGUM. 1 have. I have looked into
the matter. There is no point from which you
can reach Pennsylvania avenue from Indiana ave-
nue except by the way of the Washington house.
I have said there are but two other streets designed
to connect the Post Office and Patent Office with
this proposed depot. They cannot be opened tills
year by the city authorities, arid unless thisappio-
priation be made in this bill, there will not be time
enough to have the work done this season, so as
to have the street in such a condition that the de-
pot can be reached from it. That is what I un-
derstand. I will only repeat what the Senator
from Maryland has said, that this question, and
all this matter, has to be examined by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. Under the
direction of that committee the chairman made this
proposition to amend. Cemg called away from
the city at the ptesent time, it was left in the hands
of his colleague to have offered by some gentle-
man, and the Senator from Maryland hasoffeied it :
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that the
reason given for this appropriation is a very !
strong one, and involves the necessity that we
should follow the railroad company to their dernt
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senator from Ar-
kansas allow me to make a correction ?
Mr. BORLAND. Certainly.
Mr. MANGUM. _ I had misconceived the fact
when I stated that this amendment was suggested
by the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, who is now
absent from the city, upon his own responsibility,
being thoroughly satisfied of its importance, de-
termined to offer this amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I am disposed to be very
liberal in appropriations of money in the District
of Columbia, or in Washington city. This is a
small matter, it is true, but one that I cannot feel
disposed to grant now. It is proposed, as it
seems, to follow the railroad dep&t wherever the
directors may choose to carry it. I suppose, if
they choose to establish their depot half-way to
Baltimore, gentlemen would say there was some
propriety in making a road for the passengers to
reach the cars. I have no idea that the railroad
company will put their dep6t where passengers
cannot easily reach it. It is a thing not likely to
be done. Railroad corporations are as much alive
to their own interests as others, and 1 do not think
this is a proper thing for Congress to do—to make
a highway or road to get to a depot.
Mr. HALE. It is hardly possible to get through
with this bill to-night; and I move that we now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, Jlpril 16, 1850.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
twelve o'clock.
One of the assistants of the late Clerk of the
House, Mr. J. C. Walker, proceeded to read the
Journal of yesterday.
Mr. HALL interposed, and said that he had
risen to inquire by what authority any person pre-
pared the Journal here; and under what authority
the individual now at the desk was reading the
Journal ? The House had had a Doorkeeper, and
a Postmaster foisted upon it, and he, for one, was
not willing that a Cleik should be put upon the
House in the same way. He objected to the
Journal being lead until the House had authorized
some individual to read it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that the Journal has been prepared, as
usual, under the direction of the Speaker. The
individual at the desk, who was reading the Jour-
nal, was one of the subordinate officers of the
late Clerk of the House of Representatives. The
position occupied by these officers previous to the
death of the Clerk are still, in the judgment of the
Chair, occupied by them. They are not author-
i ized, however, to discharge the "duties of Clerk.
I In the opinion of the Chair, until a Clerk shall
j have been elected, the House is not organized,
and no business can be transacted until an election
! shall have taken place. But this state of things
j does not prevent the preparation or the reading of
i the Journal. The Journal has been regulaily read
! even before the election of Speaker in the original
i organization of the House, and the Chair is= not
| able to perceive any objection against the reading.
! Mr. HALL said he wished to remark that he
1 considered the present state of things very differ-
I ent from that which existed when the House was
I organized. Under the rule of the House, the
[ Clerk of each Congress held over until his suc-
cessor was elected. If the gentleman, who read
the Journal, did so merely at the discretion of the
House, and not as Clerk, he (Mr. H.) had no
objection to it. But he understood that that gen- *
tleman was acting as Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
no person is authorized to discharge the duties of
Clerk.
The Journal was then read and approved.
CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, rose and moved that
the House do now proceed to the election of a
Clerk.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the motion by adding after the word " Clerk,"
the words, "and Doorkeeper."
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. BROWN. Then 1 offer this resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tiiat ttie order heretofore passed by the House,
postponing the election of Doorkeeper, be ami the same is
hereby rescinded; and that the House of Representatives
proceed at onee to ttie election of Cierk and Boorkeeper
for the 31st Congress.
