i8§6
fHE CONdKESSiCMAL
Septf :-fl
are situated. , And 1 feel authorized to say more
on behalf of the committee: . that no such bill
could receive their approval. So much, then, for
that argument, and the frightful pictures conjured
up under it, of Wall street brokers, and corporate
corruptions, to frighten us? from our propriety.
But if t£e gentlemen are friendly to our meas-
ure, and think that point not sufficiently guarded,
let them suggest an amendment that will put it
beyond doubt, and I for one will not oppose it.
It must come, however, from n friend of the Meas-
ure, not an opponent—for I will no,t trust the wolf
with the nurture of the lamfe. We tfyink it suffi-
ciently guarded; but if those who desire to go
with us think differently, let them throw as many
fuards around it on*that point aS they please, and
hazard the assertion that no Representative
from the S'fates interested will oppose it. ^ So that
if there is anything in that objection, it can be
easily remedied. . ..
Another objection urged is, that the land is
pledged for the public debt, and ttiat thi<s disposal
of it would be in violation of that pledge. This
objection is basaed upon the fable idea, that this
bill proposes an absolute donation of this amount
of the public domain; for it never could have en-
tered into the imagination of any one, that such a
pledge contemplated an abandonment, or even ^
change in our system of disposing of the Rublic
lands. Carry the idea to the extent of interfering
ynth such a grant as this, and you need push it but
little further to check the sales, and interpose a
complete barrier to the growth and improvement
of the new States, ft was never contemplated,
either by Congress or the public creditors that
that pledge was to exercise the slightest influence
upon the usual disposition of the public land; nor
can I believe any one at this day entertains such
an opinion. It is but chaff thrown out to catch
gulls—and I (latter myself it will find none here
soft enough to be decoyed by it.
But if there was anything in it, this bill does
not conflict with it. It does not propose to give
away the public lands, or in any manner lessen
the fund for the redemption of the debt.^ It
only proposes to grant the alternate sections,
upon condition, that an improvement i3 to be
made through the public lands which will greatly
enhance their value, and enable Congressman pro-
cure a ready sale upon the reserved sections for
double the price. If the road is made, no one
can doubt that result; if it should not be made,then
your grant Carries nothing with it. So that in no
contingency is the security lessened—and in one it
maybe greatly enhanced by inducing the more
rapid sale of those lands. Where these improve-
ments are made, the land does not remain long for
want of purchasers, even at the advanced price, as
demonstrated by past experience.
Sir, I regret that time will not allow me to do
more than notice some of the points made by getv 
tlemen opposed to this pleasure, as I think I could
demonstrate their utter fallacy. But this is neither
the time nor the occasion to go into an elaborate
defence of our claims, if it were even deemed ne-
cessary, which I hope is not the case before this
House.
As a guarantee to this House that the road
comtempfated in this bill is no fancy scheme, but
a substantial work, that will be speedily accom-
plished, I hope I may be indulged in a few de-
tails of its history. After our conquest and pos-
session of California, the public mind was imme-
diately aroused to the subject of a great national
central highway across the continent, through the
heart of the Republic, which might at the'same
time subserve military purposes, and make a great
highway for lighter articles of commerce. A con-
vention of representatives from fifteen States met
at St. Louis, and by way of avoiding all constitu-
tional questions, in regard to this great thorough-
fare,they recommended that theGrovernmentshould
construct the road from some point on, the fron-
tier beyond the limits of the States, where the
three great lines of railroad, now in rapid progress
through the States westward, could make a junc-
tion. The great southern route, from Charleston
and Savannah, through Georgia and Tennessee, has
already passed the mountains, and will in a very
few years reach the Mississippi at Memphis. The
great central route starting at Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Richmond, concentrating in Ohio, and
passingthroughIndiana and Illinois, mustatquite
Ks early a period reach theMississippiat St. Louis.
The great northern route, from Boston and New
York, haveaheady passed into the western States,
and are stretching themselves along* tfye lakes to
Chicago, and must reach the Upper Mississippi
a,t a period quite as soon as its two great rivals.
No man, who is not blind to. the signs of the times,
can doubt for a moment that ten years will witness
all this,, and probably a much shorter,period. Mis-
souri, having no territory to operate upon east-
wa^diy, has commenced her line of improvements
westwardlyj so as to draw the western commerce
to the Mississippi river, whence it can dissemi-
nate itself through all the channels east to the^ At-
lantic cities. And when the road to California is
made, as made it will be as certain as that this.
Government exists, she will be ready to tap it, and
at once bring its commerce and plant it upon the
broad bosom of the Mississippi, where, it can find
abundant outlets to the Atlantic, both by water
and railroads. I know there are gentlemen, and
some whom the world call statesmen, who .look
upon the scheme of uniting the Atlantic and. Pa-
cific by a railroad across the continent as wild and
visionary; but such men, I undertake to say, have
studied butli.ttle the genius and enterprise of their
countrymen, or close their eyes from prejudice,
against the lessons of experience which our past
history abundantly teaches. Such statesmen were
born too late—they are behind the age in whicn
they live; and no spurring can bring them up to
that standard of enterprise which everywhere sur-
rounds them, blinding their pathway with the
dazzling glory of its triumphs. To such I would
commend the opinion of a British statesman upon
the,enterprise of his countrymen.
The London Observer, of January last, in an ar-
ticle upon " America and its prospects,'* evidently
written as a warning to British statesmen to shape
their policy for coming events, upon the opening
of new channels of commerce across the isthmus
and through the heart of (he Republic " from Bos
ton to San Francisco," and the revolutions in com-
merce which they must produce, utters the follow-
ing prophetic language of the future:
" This consummation is not Jo be averted; events marcb
with an unmistakable rapidity and force iri its direction;
and though it mav be postponed by the occurrence of un-
foreseen circum=tances, according to tlielogic of history, and
according to the, light of passed experience, it is altogether
inevitable. Within another quarter of a century, which is
but an hour m the existence of a people, railroads will
traverse the new continent from Boston to San Francisco,
while within a fifth of that period, the Pacific and Atlantic
oceans, will be united, by means pf a ship canal passing
through the lake of San Juan de Nicaragua."
Again, in the same article, he^tells them:
No nation in the world, therefore, no other rae? of men
neither Greece, nor Rome, nor Britain ever approached the
Close of its first century of independent existence, with
such power, such wealth, such boundless prospects as the
United State,sot North America. This is a fact that does
not admit of refutation or even of doubt."
Such is the opinion of a foreigner of the enter-
prise of our people, and I commend it to those
politicians who are always behind the people in
every threat undertaking. Despite their fears and
doubts, American enterprise will' make this great
road. Thei Atlantic and Pacific oceans will be
linked together by a balnd of iron, long before the
prophetic period assigned for its consummation.
The road contemplated in this bill is but a centre
section of that great work; and whilst it is ari ob-
ject of the deepest interest to the people of Mis-
souri as a local road to the State, it commends it-
self from its national character, as a link in the
great chain which is destined to stretch itself across
the continent, and revolutionize the commerce of
the world. The road is already in progress—
funds are raised to a large extent to commence the
work—the engineers are already on the route;
arid it will be accomplished, whether you grant
the aid contemplated in this bill or not. Missouri
herself will make the road through the public do-
main, and leave this Government to enjoy the
whole profits of her labor, in the enhanced value
of the public lands, if it accords with your notions
of justice to require it. But I will anticipate no
such judgment. I will not doubt the justice of
Congress until it registers the edict against itself.
In conclusion, I appeal to gentlemen for a direct
vote; no parliamentary evasion, but a vote upon
the merits of the bill, and whatever may be the re-
sult we are ready to abide it.
Mr. ROBINSON appealed to Mr. Bowlin (in
the course of his remarks) to yield the floor to him
for the purpose of offering an amendment. It was
as follows:
S'ei. •— ,3nk he it fOther enacted, That a!l the
privileges) and- immunities granted by this act, shall be ex-
tender! to the.States AC Illinois, lndiana,.and Olijo, to aiA in
the construct!nn of the Cincinnati and St. Louis railroaa.
Mr. BOWLIN was understood to Say that he
had not the* right to yield the floor unless he
yielded it entirely..
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not rise foe the purpose
of discussing the policy or the details of this bill.
I will say, however, that I am in favor of tfie gen-
eral policy of this and similar bills which have
been sent to us from the other branch of Congress,
and which are here fox our action; and at the prop-
er time I' may vote for these bills. But this bill
has not been examined by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. It has parsed the Senate, and it comes
up in order on the Speaker's table, and the uSUal
mode ought to be taken with it, i. e., refer it to the
appropriate committee of the House.
.Mr. BOWLIN. Did I understand the geritle-
man to say that the bill had not pai&ed the Com-
mittee on.Public Lands ?
Mr. ASHMUN. Yes.
Mr. BOWLIN. A copy of it h'as been report-
ed by the Committee on Public Lands of this
. Houfee.
Mr. ASHMUN repeated that this bill had not
been examined by the Committee on Public Lands
of this HoUSe.
Mr. CARTTER appealed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to give way to enable him to offer
an amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN declined to yield, as he was
about to rhove to refer it to the Committee on
Public Lands, where it could be examined, and
amended if the Committee deemed it necessary. It
ought to be committed to that comniittee; it was a
committee friendly to the bill; and when they
were ready to report would be the time to act
upon it.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, appealed to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to yield the floor
to enable him to say a single word.
Mr. ASHMUN declined, remarking that he
was about to move that the bill be committed to
the Comniittee on Public Lands. He now moved
that reference, and on that motion he demanded
the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. ASHMUN declined to withdraw.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered, being first
oh the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT Of LANDS TO INDIANA.
TheSenate bill entitled"An act granting the right
cif way anil a grant of land to the State of Indiana,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from a
point on the boundary lint between Indiana and
Illinois, near to its intersection with Lake Michi-
gan, to the city of Indianapolis, and a brarich to
intersect the southern Michigan railroad, at or
near the point where the same enters said State of
Indiana," was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The Senate bill Entitled " An act to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to permit vessel!
from the British North American Provinces to lade
and unlade at such places in any collection district
of the United States as; he may designate," coming
up in order, was read a ijrst'and second time by its
title.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the bill be put on
its passage. He stated that by the existing law
of 1799 all foreign vessels Were compelled to dis-
charge at ports'of entry. This bill authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to permit vessels from
the neighboring British Provinces, laden with the
products thereof, to load and unload at the same
ports ahd places as American vessels, provided the
like privileges are granted to American vessels in
said provinces. He urged that it would facilitate
commerce with these provinces, and could not
harm or injure any interestor person of this court-
try.
