18f>0.
TOT eONGHPSSI^WAL • GLG®1.
M
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GRINNELL asked for the reading of the
bill.
The bill wfas read.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have not had the op-
portunity of examining the bill, but from what J
could hear from the reading) I understand it pro-
poses very material modifications of oqr revenue
and navigation laws, and I think we should follow
the precedent just set, and refer the bjjl to the
Committee on .Commerce.
The question, Shall the bill be referred to the
Committee on Cofniperce ? was taken, apd
The SPEAKER announced—ayes 55, noes 60.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messis.
Thomas and Duncak were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the teller?
reported—ayes 69; noes 69.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the af-
firroative. The bill \ya^ referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The next bill in order, was the Senate bill enti-
tled " An act amendatory q{ an' $pt entitled An act
allowing a drawback upon foreign merchandise
exported in original packages to Chihuahua and
Sarita Fe, in Mexico, and the British North Amer-
0 ic'a'n provinces adjoining the United States, ap-
proved March 3, 1845, and for other purposes."
The bill was read a first and .second time by its
title.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and printed.
Mr. GRINNELL said the bill had come from
the Committee on Commerce in the Senate, and
he thought it should take that reference here.
Mr. BAYLY said he did not want any more
work th^n he could not help. If it was proper that
it should go to the Pommjttee pq Connmerce, the
House would send it there.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that it fje referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BA.YLY. I withdraw my motion.
The motion of Mr. Giunneix was put and
agreed to. N
§0 the bill V®8 referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The Senate bill, entitled " An act giving the as-
sent of the United States to an act of the General
Assembly of Maryland, passed December session,
1844, chapter 287," was read q. first and second
time by its title.
Mr. BOWIE moved that the bill be read a third
time and passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. BOWIE. The bill which has just been
read provides for the preservation of the property
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company—so
much of it as is constructed within the limits of
the District of Columbia, and gives the assent of
the United States to the act of the Legislature of
Maryland, passed at the December session of
1844, for that purpose. A report was made at the
Twenty-ninth Congress,second session, of asimi-
lar bill, which was lost for want of time. This
bill originated in the Senate, was duly examined
there, favorably reported upon by the committee,
and passed by that body. I hope the House will
act immediately upon it, as it is of great import-
ance to (he State of Maryland, and for the preser-
vation of the property for which it is designed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to suppress
the slave trade in the District of Columbia," com-
ing up in order, was read a first and second time
by its title, and the question being on ordering it
to a third reading,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (among many
competitors) obtained the floor, and said he would
move the following amendment:
The Clerk commenced reading the amendment
to the bill.
Mr. VINTON. 1 should like to hear the bill
read before the amendment.
The bill was read.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Brown was
read.
" Jlvd be it further enacted, That if any free person or
persons within the District of Columbia shall entice or in-
duce, by persuas-ion or other means, any slave or slaves to
 Qn away fiohi his, her, or their owner or lawful possessor,
or shbltln any manner aid, abet, assist Hny stave or slaves
in running away, or escaping from the owner oV lawful pos-
sessor of such slave or siav.es, or shall Ifcarboj $py slave or
slaves with the intent to assist him, her, or them to escape
from the service of such owner 01 possessor, such person'or
persons shall be liable to indietmeri.t in the criminal c^urt
of thp District of Columbia; and upQn conviction, by ver-
dict, confession, or otherwise', shall be imprisoped in the
Penitentiary fbr any time not exceeding five years/'
The question was first upon agreeing to the
amendment. "
Mr. B&OWN was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRESTON I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Brown.) Does the
gentleman'from Mississippi yield the floor?
Mr. BROWN. I do not yield.
[Mr. KING desired to move an amendment, as
an additional section, proposing to abolish slayery
in the District of Columbia.]
Mr. BROWN said, that he had no intention to
provoke again the discussion which had occupied
so large a portion of the present session. He had
had enough'of that. He would merely submit
the amendment which he had sent to the Chair,
and move to refer the bill to the Committee on the
District of Columbia; and on that motion he asked
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. VINTON addressed an inquiry to the
Speaker, which was not audible to the reporter.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to make an inquiry. If the motion to refpr fails,
will not the question be on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer fails,
the question wiil be first on agreeing to the amend-
ment, and then on ordering the bill to a third read-
ing.
Mr. PRESTON I£IN&. 1 protest against this
course, which denies to any one, except a friend
of slavery, the opportunity to make a motion, or
propose an amendment, while these slavery bills
are under consideration.'
The^SPEAKER rapped to order.
Mr. KING. I make that protest.
The mam question was ordered—being first on
agreeing to the motion of Mr. Brown, to refer
the bill and amendment to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
£>o the House refused to'refer the bill.
The question -recurred upon agreeing tQ the
amendment of Mr. Brown.
Mr. INGE demanded the yeas and naysj which
\yere ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the reading of
the amendment; which was read.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas (53, nay? 1Q8; as fqllovy:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Beale,
Bowden, Bowie, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, Burl,E.C. Cabell,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clinguian, W. It.
W. Cobb, Coieock, Deberry, Edmunds-on, Ali-.xaiider Evans,
Ewmgj Featfcjerston', * Green, Hail, Hamilton, Haralson,
isham G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Ha>inond, Holiaday,
Holmes. Howard, Hubbard, Inge, J. W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La S&re, Marshall, Mc-
Clernand, McDowell, Robert M. MeLane, McMullen, Mc-
VViihe, Millson, Moreh^ad, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker,
Phelps, Powell, Ross, Savage, Seddoii, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephen.?,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Venabte, Wallace, Watkins,
Williams, and Woodward—68.
NAVS—Messrs. Aibertson, Alexander, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bingham, Bissell, BokeeJ'Booth,Bnggs, Brooks,
William J. Brown, Bucl, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Ca-ey,
Cnandjer, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Cor win, Cro well, Dickey,
Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, D,oiy, Duer, Duncan, Dunham,
Durkee, Eliot, Nathan Evan*, Fitch, FoWl r; Freedley, Ful
ler, CJerry, Gifmore, Gorman, G u, Gould, Grinned, Hallo-
way, Hampton, Harlan, T. L Harris, Hay, Hebard, Henry,
Hibbard, Hoagland, Ho\ye, Hunter, George G King, Jamus
G King, John A- King, Preston King, Letfler, Levin, L tllf-
field, Job Mann, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, McKis-
sock, McLanahan, Meaeh.im, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Otis,
Peaslee, Phoenix. Putnam, Re«d, Richardson, Risley, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck,
Schoolcraft, Silvester,Sprague,Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Taylor, James Thompson, Tnurmari, Tuck, Underbill, Vin-
ton, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, White, Wmttleaey, Wil-
dnck, Wood, and Young—
' [Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, when bis name was
called, declined to vote, stating that he had pairejl
off with Mr. Giddings. He said he considered it
a tolerably good pair-off. (A laugh.)
Mr. McdLuEEN, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked tne ynammous consent
to record his vote against the biii. Objection was
made ]
So the amendment of Mr. Brown was rejected.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr- ING$ moyed to Jay the bill the
Mr. NELSON demanded the yeas and ia£yf>. ,
The SPEAKER counted the House, ana "an-
nounced twenty-three as voting m favor of the yeas
and nays, which he said he beiieved not to be a
sufficient number.
Mr. ASHE asked $>r tellers on the.questten of
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and &Messr . Wallace
and Corwin were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported 35.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, u Shall the bill Be laid on the
table?" was taken and decided in the negative—
yeas 53, nays 129; as follow:
YEA8—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bowdon,
Bowie, Albert G. Brown, Burt, E. C§rrington*Cabell, G. A.
Caldwell, 3. P. Caldwell, Cljngman, W, E. W. Cobb, Col-
cock. Deberry, Edmund^on, A. Evans, 'Featherstoiij.Gieen,
Haralson, Isham G. Harris, S W. Harris, Holladaj, How-
ard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Jones, Kaufman,
Kerr, La S&re, Marshall, McQueen, McWdlit, ]$illson3
Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Savage, Sed-
don, Fredenck P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Watktns,
l^ilhaips, and Woodvyapd—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Aibertson, Alexander, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Baker, Beaie, Bntghano, Bis^eli, Bokee, Booth, Bow-
lin, Briggs, Brooks, W. J. Brown, Buel, borrows, Che-ter
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Cai^pbeil,
Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Co'rwin,
Crowell, Dickpy, Dimmick, Disney, Dixori , Doty, JDuer,"
Duncan, Dunham, I)urkee, Eliot, Nat.'ian Evans, Fnch,
Fosylcr, Fre* dley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilbert, Gilmore,
Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grimiell, Hall, Halbmay, Hamilion,
Ham ton, Harlan, T. L  Harris, Hay, Hammond, Hehard?
Henry, Hibb.ird, Hoagland, Howe, Hunter, W- T. Jackson,
George G. King, J.G.King, John A.King, Preston King,
Lcffjer, L^vin, Littlefield, Job Mann, M< tu.-<on, McOler-
nand, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, McKtssock? Mc
Lanahan, R. M. McLane, McMullen, Meacham, M Uer,
Moore, Morehead, Morn--, Nelson, Ogif, Otis, Peaslee9
Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Re<*d, Riebardfon, R« ley,
Robbins, Robinson, Rose, RoaS,Rumsey, Sackett,Sawtelle,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcralt, Silvester, Spauldin",
Sprague, Thaddeu^ Stevens, Stet<on, Strong, Taylor, James
Thomp-on, Thuiinan, Tuck, Underhjil, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Wentworth, While, Whittlesey, WddncJs, Wood,
and Young—129.
So the bill was not laid on the tabte.
The question recurred, " Shall the bill be read a
third time?"
The question was taken and decided in th$
affirmative.
The bill was accordingly read a third time.
And the question being, " Shall the bill pass?"
was taken and decided in the affirmative—yeas
124, nays 47; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Aibertson, Alexander, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Beale, Bingham, Bis-sell, Bomb, Briggs, £rpo$s, Vfil-
ham J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Sutler, Thomas B 
Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, "Cas«'y,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole,Corwin,Crofvell, Dickey,
Dimmick, Dwnev, Dixon, Ooty, Duer, Duncan, Dui>l)ct i,
Duikee, Ehot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowlerj Freedley,
Fuller, Gentry, Gerry. Gilbert, Gilmore, Gotman, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Balhnvay, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas-
L. Harris, Hav, !ia>mond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoag-
land, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Juuau, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston Ku g hcf~
fii-r,'L<*vin, Littlelield, Horace Mann. Job Maun, Mut'le-sou,
McClernand, McDonald, MeGaughey, McKissock, Melcall-
ahan, Meacham, xMiller, Moore, Morris, I^elson, <%le, Olis,
Peaslee, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Kiehard-
son, RisJey, Ri)bbin«, Robinson, Rose, Koss, Rumsey, Sack-
ett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silves-
ter, Spaulding, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong,
Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill
Vmton, W Iden, W^ldo, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey,
Wdilrick, Wood, and Young—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, A^he. Averetty Baylv,
Bowdon, Bowie, Albert G. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell', G.
4. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Clingmtau, W. R. W. Cobh?
Cplcock, Deberry, Edmund-o^, Alexander Evan*., $vung,
Fwathersloti, Green, Hamilton, Haralson, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W.Harris, Holiaday, Howard, Hubbard. Inge, J.
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jone*., Kaul'man, Kerr, La
Ser*-, Marshall, Mt Dowell, Robert M, McLane, McMullen
M( Q,u  en, Million, IV.Ior>e, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Phelps,
Powell, Savage, Seddon. Frederick P. Stanton, RK-l)aid H.
Stanton, Alexander H.Stephens, Thoma*, JacobThomj>-
sou, Venable, Wallace, Watkms, Williaiiis, and Wood-
ward—59.
[Mr. Stanly did not vote, having paired of?
with Mr. Holmes, who was against, while waa
m favor of,the bill.]
So the bill was passed.
Mc. GOTT moved to reconsider the Ytfte,
to lay that motion on the table.
Which latter motion was agreed to.
The title of the oil! was agreed to without ob-
jection.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to inquire what
is the next business* on the Speaker's table?
whether the Lake Michigan and Mobile railroad,
so called, does not come next in order?
The SPEAKER was understood ta reply, that
