*M4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Uitnter, Mantram, Mason, Miller, Morton. Pearce, Ph«*lpa,
Beward, ShipMs, Sttiirh, Soul<S, Spruance, Sturgeon, Under-
wood, and Wales—26. ~
NAYS—M ssrs. Atnhison, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Clia*e, Clarke, ClemeiH, Davis of IYh>si->i[ipi, Dick-
inson, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, FHeb,
Jonw, King, Norris, Rusk, Turney, Walker, and Whil-
eomb—SU
•Mr. SMITH. I have an amendment to the bill,
which I desire should eome in at the end of the
provision in relation to the expenses of the Mexi-
can boundary commission. ;i
[The amendment proposed by Mr. Smith, as* j!
subsequently modified by him, by incorporating ;
the proposition of Mr. Davis, (hereafter stated,) j
is as follows: i
"Provided, There shall lie allowed and paid, to the coot- I
missioner, surveyor, and astronomer appointed, 01 to he ap- I
po uted, for the purpose aforesaid, eaeh a salary at the rate ;
df $3,000 per annum; and if the duties of either bo per- '
formed by an officer of the army, his pav during the tone of
Bucli employment shall he increased to that sum : Jind. jrro-
/W£/i':r, That the appointment aforesaid shall termi- j
trate on'i cease ar the expiration of three vears from the first ■
flay of July, 1850."] '
*The object is to provide for deficiencies which j
ex% in the payment of the salaries of these com- ;
miaeioners for running the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico under the treaty;
arid I will make a very brief statement of facts in
relation thereto, for the information of the Senate.
.This difficulty originates in the fact that Congress
has never passed any law whatever on the subject.
In all cases hitherto, where a commission has been
raised for the purpose of running any boundary
line between our own and any foreign country,
Congress has invariably enacted a law appointing
the commissioners, prescribing the salaries which
the commissioners and other officers should re-
ceive, and fixing some period of time within
which the duty should be performed. This, upon
(in examination of the acts of Congress, will be
found to have been the case under the treaty"with
Great Britain, for running the northeastern bound-
ary line, and also under the treaty with Spain, for
running the line between Mexico and the United
States, on the Sabine. Congress in every instance
has passed a law providing for the appointment of
commissioners and surveyors, and for the salaries
of these officers, and fixing a certain period of time
within which the duties should be performed. My |
own impression was, and still is, that a law of that '
description is clearly necessary, in order to author- |
ize the appointment of a commissioner and sur- i
veyor under a treaty of this character. And in !
the message of the late President communicating
the Mexican treaty to Congress, at the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, he says that a law of
this description is highly necessary, in order to !
Carry out the conditions of that treaty. In con- '
formity with that recommendation of the Presi-
dent, the subject was taken up at the first session
of the last Congress, and a bill passed the Senate
providing for the appointment of a commissioner,
surveyor, and secretary. That bill was sent to the
House of Representatives, and was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations in that body, but
9t so late a period in the session that it was im-
possible for the House to act upon it, and the bill,
under the rule adopted by the last Congress, went
over to the second session, when it was again taken
up by the House and amended, or rather a new bill
substituted for it. This new bill was sent to the
Senate, but it failed here for the want of time.
The commissioner and surveyor, however, were
nominated by the late President, and were con-
firmed by the Senate, under the idea that the treaty
itself created the office, and that it was obligatory
upon the President and Senate to make the ap-
pointment, without any previous action. I do not
propose to raise any question on that point; for it
is one of considerable difficulty , and was discussed
at length in the House. But it is quite important
that this difficulty should be corrected ; and I pro-
pose to do it by the amendment which 1 have
ottered, and which is in conformity to the provis-
ion of both the Senate and the House bill, to
which I have referred. I propose in this amend-
ment that the salary of the commissioner and the
surveyor shall be fixed at $3,000 per annum. And j
here I would state that neither Colonel Weller
nor Mr. Gray have received any compensation ;
tor several months. I have examined very care- '
Jully the papers and correspondence sent to the j
Senate and not yet printed, relating to the execu- I
W °/t "Ucle of lhe treaty,and I find that the !
late Administration did not fix any salaries for |
these officers, but left it to be a matter of future
provision. Under these circumstances the matter
fell into the hands of the present Administration;
and, as there is no provision by law for their sal-
aries, these gentlemen have received no compen-
sation sfnee the month of June, 1849. In addition
to this, it is highly important that some period
should be designated within which this duty of
running the boundary line should be executed.
In the oriffirial bill of the Senate the period fixed
on was three ^fetfrs. Colonel Weller was nomi-
nated to th6 Seriate, if I mistake not, about the
middle of January, 1849, and left New Orleans
for the Isthmus of Panama early in the month of
March, 1849. I suppose that three years, from
the time on Which he entered upon the discharge
of his duties, would not now be sufficient for the
completion of the work; and 1 have, therefore, left
the period of limitation m the amendment I have
submitted blank; that it may be filled as the judg-
ment of the Senate shall direct. I hardly know
myself what period would be necessary, but I will
suggest three years from the 1st of January, 1850.
Up to this time but a small part of the work has
been done. The initial point on the Pacific has
been designated, and something like five miles of
the line towards the Gila ha3 been run. The lati-
tude and longitiide of the junction of th« Gila and
the Colorado has also been taken, and a small part
of the line from that pointhas been run. I therefore
suggest to the Senate that they fill the blank with
j the 1st of January, 3850.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is time
ienough.
] A Senator. If not, we can extend it hereafter,
j Mr. SMITH. Well, I will make the motion
i thus to fill the blank.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
wish to move an amendment to the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.] I
i will say nothing about the amount of the salary
j fixed by the Senator. I think it small for the sta-
tion; but I wish to make a remark about the po-
sition assumed by the honorable Senator as to the
amount of work which has been executed. I hold
that a great deal has been done; I hold that the
I grand problem has been solved, which wa3, to de-
termine the initial point and direction of the line
which connects the boundary on the Pacific with
the junction of the Gila and Colorado. Both ex-
tremities have been settled, and it is now a simple
1 operation, which any common surveyor can per-
i form, to connect the two ends of that line. It is
: the simplest part of the labor which remains to be
, done. It is a great error to estimate the amount
; of the labor by the length of the line which has to
be run. The Senator is mistaken when he sup-
poses that very little has been accomplished. The
difficulty was to establish the initial point and the
direction in which the line should run; for this,
science and judgment were required. That has
been performed upon both ends of the line. Now,
it is the simple operation of surveying to complete
the line, and then to follow up the river Gila to
the point where another constructive line is to be
established, to connect the branch of theGiia with
the intersection of the boundary line and the Rio
Grande. There will occur another high astronom-
ical problem, to be solved as that to which I have
referred has been done; the rest is all simple sur-
veying;, and this operation may be rapidly per-
formed. I think no more time will be necessary
than has been allowed by the Senator's first prop-
osition.
The line that has been determined from San
Diego to the junction of the Gila and the Colorado,
can be completed as soon as funds have been fur-
nished. The officer in command, who has acted
as the astronomer, has directed this to be done by
his lieutenant. It is to trace the line, and set up
the monuments along it. j
The amendment which I propose to offer is to !
add, after the word "surveyor," in the amend- '
ment of the Senator from Connecticut, " anci the i
astronomer," and after the words "dollars per
annum," the words "and either of these duties 1
being, or having been, performed by an officer of !i
the army, that his pay during the time of the em- i)
ployment shall be increased to that sum."
I offer this amendment for the following reasons:
The duty of an astronomer is quite as dignified,
and requires a higher grade of acquirement than
that of commissioner or surveyor. The surveyor
is in fact a subordinate officer to the astronomer.
The Mexican commissioner and surveyor are offi-
cers of high rank and of a high grade of compen-
sation. An officer of our army has heretofore
been engaged in performing the duties of astron-
omer; and, indeed, J do not know where else we
should go to get the astionomer: one who com-
bines astronomical with topographical attainments
is perhaps nowhere else to be found—certainly not
in such position that he would accept this appoint-
ment. It may be assumed, then, that we are com-
pelled to select an officer of the army; and when
this is done, it is neither just nor politic that he
should be expected to support himself on the pay
of a captain, Unless the provision herein pro-
posed be made, this will be the case. I have re-
ferred to the circumstances by which he v/ill be
surrounded. You know the condition of the coun-
try. The result is, that the compensation in the
ease supposed, and which, if this amendment fail,
wilt be the existing case, will be hardly sufficient
to have a servant and boy his supplies of absolute
necessity. When, therefore, you select an officer
competent for this duty, and requite him to sacri-
fice all other considerations to his official obliga-
tions, you should give him adequate compensation,
and shield his professional and his national pride.
You should take into account the station and the
associations in contact with which you place him
by this extraordinary service. I hope, I feel, that
this does not require further argument.
Mr. DICKINSON. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] !
see no objection to whatever. It seems to me to
be appropriate to fix the salary of the officers, and
to limit the term of service. I do not object to the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Mississippi, [Mr,
Davis,] although it takes the matter a little out of
the channel I had designed for this bill; but if he
! thinks it necessary for the public service, I shall
! not consume any time in objecting to it. Let me
say it is very desnable to get through with the
bill.
Mr. SMITH. I cordially approve of the amend-
ment suggested by my honorable friend from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis.] I wish to call his attention,
however, to a provision contained ir. the House
bill, havi.ng in view, in part, the very object the
honorable Senator has adverted to. The object of
that amendment is to vest in the President power
to make an exlra allowance to officers of the army,
when stationed on the Pacific coast, and especially
in California, where we all know that their regu-
lar pay is not sufficient to cover their expenses;
and it may be in consequence of that tact that this
provision has been inserted in the House bill, m
order that the President may be clothed with dis-
cretion in the matter to make such extra allow-
ances as may be just and reasonable to cover ihe
extra expenses of the officers of the regular army
that may be engaged in the service. The amend-
ment of my honorable friend applies only to one
officer—the astronomer—attached to the commis-
sion for running the boundary. I suppose he will
be -from the corps of topographical engineers.
There will be other officers of that corps associ-
ated with him in that duty. Colonel Emory and
some other officers were originally detailed for
assistance in the discharge of those duties. 1 sug-
gest, therefore, that there ought to be a provision,
as there is in the House bill, to clothe the Presi-
dent with the power of making such extra allow-
ances to all those officers detailed to the perform-
ance of those duties as may seem to be reasonable,
in consequence of the extraordinary expenses
which they must necessarily incur.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no doubt
that there should be such a general provision as
has been described by the honorable Senator from
Connectiout [Mr. Smith] for an extra allowance
to officers who .ire stationed on the Pacific coast,
in Oregon an(J in California,as well ason thebound-
ary survey; and I hope that some such pro\ision
may be adopted. Yet I do not feel that the
amendment which I have offered would be ren-
dered unnecessary even by such a general pro-
vision.
The fact, Mr. President, is simply this: An of-
ficer is selected for duty on the boundary survey;
if he be assigned to his brevet rank, and have a
command equal to that rank, he is allowed brevet
pay. Cut when, as at this time, the command is
reduced below that due to the brevet rank, I un-
derstand the decision to be that he is then reduced
to his original pay. The proposition to which
