1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept:
there were several bills from the Senate still on the
Speaker's table.
INDIAN AGENTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to authorize the
appointment of Indiari agents in California, and
for other purposes," coming up in order, was read
a first and second time by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. He said, that committee would meet to-
morrow morning, and the bill could be acted upon
by them without delay.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg to say to the House, as
now is the usual time when motions to adjourn
are often made, that I hope the House will not ad-
journ until we clear the Speaker's table. I shall
feel it my duty to-morrow to ask the House to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the appropriation bills, and to
insist that no other business be transacted until
those bills are disposed of. Such being the case,
I hope the House will not adjourn until we clear
the Speaker's table.
The motion of Mr. Johnson was put and
agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The Senate bill entitled " An act to repeal so
much of the. act approved the 11th of August,
1848, as extends the provisions thereof to Macao,"
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated that some two or
three months ago he had reported a bill from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, which was, he be-
lieved, precisely of the sameeffect as this one.
It was passed, and sent to the Senate. He asked
that this bill might be read.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he believed there
was no objection to the bill.
The bill was ordered to a third reading.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
GRANTS OF LAND TO ILLINOIS.
The Senate bill entitled " An act granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Chicago
to Mobile," corning up in order as unfinished bu-
siness on the Speaker's table—
The SPEAKER stated that when this bill was
last up, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
had moved an amendment-, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] had demanded the pre-
vious question; and pending the second, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had moved to
lay the bill on the table. The last motion was,
therefore, the first question in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to his friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to withdraw his mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table. If he was still
opposed to it, nevertheless it would be but fair
that he should permit the House to come to a di-
rect vote upon it; which he (Mr. McC) hoped
would be favorable to a great measure promising
instant advantages both to this Government and
to the country at large.
Mr. JONES, upon this appeal, withdrew his
motion to lay the bill on the table, and demanded
the previous question.
Mr. HARALSON inquired whether it was in
order to move to refer the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order
to move to refer pending the demand for the pre-
vious question. He also reminded the gentleman
that it had been reported from that committee.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired of the Speaker
whether, m case the demand for the previous ques-
tion was not sustained, it would be in order to
move an amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER stated, that there was an
amen Iment already pending; but if the previous
question should not be sustained, it would be in
order to amend the bill.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, tellers were demanded and ordered, and
Messrs. Richaruson, and Stevens of Pennsylva-
nia, were appointed to act as such. The votes
having been counted were—ayes 79, noes 51.
Mr. VENABLE. 1 move that the bill be laid
- upon the table.
The question was taken, and
The SPEAKER said, "The noes appear to
have it."
Mr. MARSHALL called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said, that no member would be
recognized by the Chair until order should have
been restored. Gentlemen were requested to re-
sume their seats, and suspend conversation.
Mr. VINTON was understood to inquire
whether the bill had ever been read ?
The SPEAKER said that the bill had been read
when first reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. Such was the fact, as the Chair was in-
formed by the Clerk.
Mr. HAMPTON, (to the Speaker.) Is it in
ordei'to move to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly sta-
ted that it is not in order to make a motion to com-
mit after the previous question has been moved.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 wish to state that this
bill has been read. I state this as a fact.
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] has moved that the bill
be laid upon the table, and on that motion the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] has de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.. SCHENCK, (to the Speaker.) It is ex-
ceedingly desirable that we should know what it
is that the gentleman from North Carolina has
moved to lay on the table. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported to
the House.
The bill was then read.
And the question, "Shall this bill be laid upon
the table?" was taken, and resulted—yeas 70, nays
98; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Booth, liurt, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Colcock, Deberty, Dickey, Dmimick, Disney, Dixon,
Edmundson, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson,
fshamG. Harris, Hibbaid, Holladay, Howe, Hunter, William
T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Preston King, Little-
field, Job Mann, Marshall,McDowell, McGaughey, McLan-
ahan, McMullen, Meacham, Millson, Moore, Outlaw,
Parker,Peaslee, Pottei, Powell, Reed, Ross, Rumsey, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Suhenck, Seddon, Silvester, Tliaddeus Ste.-
vens, Stetson, Thomas, James Thompson, Tuck, Venable,
Vinton, Wallace, Watkms, Wildrick, and Woodwaid—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Anderson, An-
drews, Aslimun, Baker, Bingham, Bis&ell, Bowdon, Bowie,
Bowhn, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J.
Brown, Buel, Burrows, Thomas B. Butter, E. C. Cabell,
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Cleveland, Cbngman, W. P. W.
Cobb, Cole, Corwm, Doty, Duncan*, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot,
Featherston, Freedley, Gentry, Gorman, Gott, Gould,Green,
Gnmiell, Hall, Halloway, Harlan, *ani|h;on W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris. Haymond, Hoagland, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, Joseph W. jackson, Julian, Kaufman, Kerr, George
G. Klllg, James G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Leffler,
Horace Mann, Malteson, McClernand,Robert AJ. MeLarie,
McQueen, Mc Willie, Morehead, Morn.., Morse, Ori, Phelps,
Phceeix, Pitman, Richardson, Risley, Robbins, Rose, Scher-
nierhoin, Schoolcraft, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Thurnian, Underbill, Walden,
Waldo, Weimvorrh, White, Whittlesey, Williams, Wood,
Wright, and Young—98.
So the House decided that the bill should not
be laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 73, noes 87.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Thomas
and Wentworth were appointed.
And the question being again taken, the vote
stood—ayes 71, noes 7G.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on ordering the main
question, and having been taken, the main ques-
tion was ordered: (which main question was, first,
on the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb.])
Mr. COBB expressed his willingness to with-
draw the amendment.
The SPEAKER said .the amendment could only
be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The amendment was then read.
And the question thereon having been taken, the
amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused. ,
The question having been then taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative,
The bill was read a third time by its title.
And the question "being on the passage—
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the previous
question.
There was a second; and the main question (on
the passage of the bill) was ordered to be then
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays on the main question; which were
ordered.
-And the question, " Shall this bill pass ?" was
then taken, and resulted—yeas 101, nays 73; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Anderson, An-
drews, Aslimun, Baker, Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Bowdon,
Bowie, Bowlin, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, J2. Carrington
Cabell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Cleveland, Chngman, Wil-
liamson R. W.Cobb, Cole,Corwm, Crowell,Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Featherston, Freedley, Gentry, Gil-
bert, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Gnnnell, Hall, Halloway,
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hay-
mond, Hoagiand, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Jos. W. Jackson, -
R. W.Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, Jas. G. King, Joo. A. Kmg,
La Sfere, Leffler, Horace Mann, Matteson, MeClemand,
RobertM. Mcl.ane, McWillie, Morehead, Morse, Orr, Otis,
Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Richardson, Risley, Rob-
inson, Rose, Scliermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, Taylor, Jacob Thompson,Thuiman, Un-
derhill, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey,
Williams, Wood, Wright, and Young—-101. $
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashe, Aveiett, Beale, Booth,
Burt, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Gampbell, Cartter,
Clarke, Colcock, Dicke>, Dimmiek, Disney, Dixon, Duer,
Edmundson, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Ful-
ler, Gerry, Gilmore, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson, Isham
G. Harris, Hibhard, Holladay, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson', Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kerr, George G. Kmg,
Preston King, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, McDowell,
McGaughey, MciCissock, MeLanahan, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, Miller, Millson, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslee, Potter, Reed, Robbins, Ross, Rumsey, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Schenok, Seddon, Shepperd, Tnaddens Ste-
vens, Stetson, Thomas, James Thompson, Venable, Vinton,
Wallace, Watkins, Wildrick, and Woodward—75.
So the bill was passed.
[Mr. Bayly, who was not within the bar at the
moment his name was called,asked the unanimous
consent of the House to record his vote. Objec-
tion having been made, the vote was not received.]
Mr. RICHARDSON moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill had been passed, and
that that motion be laid upon the table.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Wallace
and Duncan were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 63, noes 71. '
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon laying on the table
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, and others, de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BISSELL renewed it, and moved to lay
that motion on the table.
Pending this question—
The House, on motion of Mr. Sackett, ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, September 17, 1850.
Mr. CLARKE presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Dexter, of the State of Massachusetts, setting
forth that in June, m the year 1809, he entered at
the custom-house in Providence, forty chests of
tea; that in the following month he took out
twenty-six chests for exportation, and gave bond
for the payment of duties, and consigned them to
John G. Ladd, of Alexandria, D. C., to be ex-
ported at the earliest opportunity, all of which
appears by documentary evidence; that the tea
was deposited m the warehouse of Mr. Ladd, in
the said town of Alexandria, under the keys and
custody of the officers of the customs, and before
exportation were wholly consumed by fire, to the
total loss of said teas, and all the incidental ex-
pense added to the obligation of the memorialist;
and that he subsequently paid the bomis at matu-
rity to the Government at the rate of thirty-two
cents per pound; and prays Congress to reimburse
him the full amount of duty paid on said teas, with
interest thereon. The memorial was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FREMONT presented the memorial of a
committee on behalf of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science, setting forth that
the commission for running the boundary line be-
