1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
tween Mexico and the United States will have to
traverse a district which has never yet been ex-
plored, and therefore that it is in the highest degree
desirable for the interests of science that a corps of
geologists and naturalists should be attached to the
survey, and asking an appropriation for carrying
the same into effect; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Am-
brose W. Thompson, proposing to establish aline
of steamships to carry the United States mail be-
tween Philadelphia and Antwerp, in Belgium,
touching at Portsmouth, in England, and Havre,
in Prance; the said ships to be not less than two
thousand tons register, and adapted to war pur-
poses, and so arranged as to be convertible to that
service without alteration, and to be of the best
sea qualities and capable of the greatest speed.
Also, from the same, proposing to establish at his
own expense a line of steamships to carry the
United States mail between Shanghai and Hong
Kons;, in China, and San Francisco, in California,
touching at the Sandwich Islands; the said ships
to be not less than three thousand" tons each, and
of equal qualities in all respects with the ships of
the before-mentioned line, but actually armed and
.equipped for naval service in the Pacific ocean:
Provided, that in each case the United States Gov-
ernment subscribes two-thirds the cost in United
States stock bearing an interest of five percent,
payable in twenty-five years. Interest on said
stock to be paid by the memorialist annually to
the Treasury of the United States, and until paid
the Government to hold a lien on said ships. Tnese
memorials were referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Also, the memorial of William Archer, propo-
sing a plan for preventing the exportation of the
gold collected in California in an uncoined state,
and for creating a fund for the construction of a
railroad from thecity of Washington to San Fran-
cisco, in California; which was referred to the
Committeee on Finance.
Mr C. also gave notice of his intention hereafter
to ask leave to introduce a bill on this subject. He
said he did this at the instance of the individual he
had named, who appeared to him to be a respecta-
ble and intelligent gentleman. For himself he
knew nothing of the practicability of the project.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
William Hurst; also the petition of Marianus
Lang; also the petition of John W. B. Schriebor;
each asking to be allowed an increase of pension;
all of which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Mary
B. Renner, asking compensation for property de-
stroyed by the enemy during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
Ordered, That Solomon Walls have leave to withdraw
the documents relating to his claim.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the joint resolution of
the Senate, No. 29, being the resolution to amend
the resolution approved the 10th of August, 1850,
relative to the payment of dividends or interest on
' war bounty scrip, reported back the same without
anfsndment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am directed by the select
committee to which was referred the memorial of
Miss D. L. Dix, asking that grants of public lands
may be made for the relief and support of the ind i-
gent insane in the United States, to report a bill
making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for the relief and support of
indigent insane persons. In making this report I
beg to say that I do it as the organ of the commit-
tee merely. When I was appointed upon this se-
lect committee I stated that I should not be able to
give this matter my personal attention, because the
duties of the Committee on Finance were such as
to engross my whole time and thought. I present
this bill, therefore, without expressing any opin-
ion as to its details and principles, because 1 have
had no opportunity of examining them as thor-
oughly as I could desire. Iam aware, too, that
some entertain doubts as to its constitutionality,
and therefore I shall express no opinion upon that
question, but bring it before the Senate for its ac-
tion in the absence of the chairman of the commit-
tee. 'The subject embraced in the bill has been
brought before the country for years past by Miss
iJ. L. Dix," of Boston, a lady of fortune, of accom-
plished education, of refinement, and every way
fittted to grace and adorn the highest oircles of
society. She has devoted herself with her whole
soul and all the energy and fidelity of her sex, to
relieve the sufferings of those unfortunate beings
who have been bereft of reason. She, too, has
hovered like a ministering angel around the lonely
cell of the prison—has visited wretched outcasts,
the most abject specimens of poor degraded hu-
manity, and has carried rays of light and consola-
tion to the dungeon where the iron enters into the
soul. In behalf of her holy mission I invoke for
it the early and earnest attention of the Senate. It
is a subject of high moment, and certainly recom-
mends itself strongly to the best feelings of our
nature. I do not expect or propose to take charge
of it hereafter, but I hope it will receive the con-
sideration its importance demands.
The bill was then read a first time and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to which were re-
ferred the documents in relation to the application
of Thomas J. Godman for an extension of his
patent for scalding hogs by steam, submitted a re-
port in writing, which was ordered to be printed,
accompanied by a bill to extend a patent hereto-
fore granted to Thomas J. Godman, which was
read and passed to a recond reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
communication of R. H. Weightman, and accom-
panying memorial of the Legislature of New Mex-
ico, setting forth certain grievances and calling on
Congress for their correction, reported in'favor of
printing the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was referred the memorial of
Robert Grant, asking an appropriation for the pur-
pose of lighting public buildings and grounds and
certain streets, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
bill to relinquish to the State of California all the
ground reserved for military purposes in the city
of San Francisco, and not needed for such purpo-
ses, reported back the same with an amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which" was referred the petition of
Joseph Byrd, asking that he may be paid the value
of a quantity of merchandise captured by him
while in the service as a private soldier in the year
1814, when being landed from a British schooner
on the coast of Florida, and which was distributed
among the troops then stationed in Florida, asked
to be discharged front the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of Isaac- Houston, asking compensation
for carrying the mail, submitted a report in writing,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied
by a joint resolution for the relief of Isaac Houston,
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same commitiee, to which was
referred the petition of Samuel F. Bucterworth,
asking compensation for carrying the mail, sub-
mitted a report m writing, which was ordered to
be printed, accompanied by a bill for his relief,
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 66, being an act for the
relief of James S. Graham and Walter H. Finnall,
reported back the same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 385, being the bill to
establish certain post roads m the United States,
reported back the same with sundry amendments,
and asked its immediate consideration.
The motion having been objected to, could not
be entertained under the rules, but on motion by
Mr. RUSK, the bill was made the special order
for twelve o"clock.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to which was referred the
memorial of the heirs of William Beatty, asking
remuneration for the services of said Beatty, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, which was agreed to.
I THE STATUE OP COLUMBUS.
! Mr. BUTLER. I desire to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
1 Resolved, That the Committee on the library inquire
; into the propriety of removing the-groupcontaning the statue
ot Columbus, from its present position on the east poriieo
of the Capitol, to a suitable place in some one of the public
squares.
! It is proper I should say that I do -not offer the
; resolution as a mark of disrespect to the artist; but
I 1 rather think these statues should be removed to
j some place in the public grounds, where perhaps
, they might be regarded as an ornament,
j Mr. WINTHROP. Is the Senator from South
j Carolina aware that a statue to match the one
; which he proposes to remove has already been
I ordered, to^ be placed on the opposite wing? I be-
; lieve such is the fact, and that probably it is al-
j ready on its way to this country,
i Mr BUTLER. I will only say that I con-
<; ferred with some persons in relation to this sub-
ji ject, and they concurred with me in the propriety
of removing this group.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not un-
der discussion.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would suggest that that
part of the resolution which relates to the public
grounds be struck out. I think I could find a
m uch more suitable place for it.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not un-
der discussion.
The resolution lies over under the rules.
secretary's clerks.
^ Mr. WALKER suhmitted the following resolu-
tion, which wa3 considered by unanimous consent
' and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he author-
ized to employ two additional clerks, who shall be allowed
the same compensation as the engrossing elerks.
BILL FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill from the House ol Representatives for
the relief of Aguirre and Galiivey, of New York-
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
STATUTES AT LARGE.
The joint resolution relative to the printing of
the laws of the United States was read a Third
time and passed.
LEGISLATION FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. FREMONT. Mr. President, I desire to
move that a day be set apart for the consideration
of business for the State of California. It is very-
important that something should be done for her,
and I therefore move that Friday next be appro-
priated for that purpose.
Mr. GW IN. I hope the motion of my colleague
will be adopted. It is of the greatest possible im-
portance to the State we represent that there should
be some legislation for her before the close of the
present session.
The motion of Mr. Fremont was agreed to. It
was therefore—
OrdereAr That Friday next be assigned to the considera-
tion of bills relating to the State of California.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a bill entitled " An
act to create the office of surveyor general of the
public lands m Oregon, and to provide for the sur-
vey, and to make donations to settlers of the public
lands.'' '
The p'ending amendment was one offered by
Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, when the bill was laat
under consideration on the 3d msunt, as follows:
" Add to the bill the words: And that such portions of
the public lands as may be designated uuder the authority
of the President of the United States for foits, magazines
arsenals, dock-yards, and oilier needful public uses,'shall be
reserved and excepted troni the operahon ot this act."
Which was modified,'on the suggestion of Mr.
Badger, by the addition of the following:
"Provided, That it it shall be di emed necessary, in the
judgment of the Piesident, to include in any such reservation
the improvements of any settler made previous to the passage
of this act, it shall m  uch case be the dun ot the Secretary
of War to cause the value ot such improvement* to be as- -
certained, and the amount so ascertained shall be paid to
the party entitled thereto, out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appiopriated."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. When this matter
was last under consideiation some statements were
made in relation to the military reservations pro-
posed to be made by the Government, and^respasses
were said to have been made upon the rights of
