1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T45
the Sen^r refers is highly proper. Officers serv-
ing- unon that service, or any other in Oregon and
California, should he provided for by gome such
arrangement; but the case of the astronomer is one
of a peculiar kind. The duties are of high dig-
nify and great importance. He is associated with
officers of the Mexican service of high rank and
emolument. If he should be a lieutenant, his
brevet pav> even if allowed for the highest brevet
lie would hold, would not be sufficient to place him
on an equality wilh those with whom he would
ne associated. His pride and ours should not per-
mit him to hold less than an equal position,and
equally to sustain it.
Mr. SMITH. 1 intended to say when I was
up before, in answer to some remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis]—
though I am not about to go into a discussion of
the question, whether this work has been pros-
ecuted as it should have been by the commis-
sioner—that I am not prepared to admit that
nothing more could have been done than merely
fixing the initial point on the coast and surveying
the conjunction of the Gila and Colorada rivers,
and the running of some four or five miles of the
line during this long period of time, and by the
expenditure of the whole appropriation of $50,000,
and a great deal more. Yes, sir, I venture to say
that $25,000 more will be required to cover the
expenses that have been occasioned in addition
during this year.
T am familiar with all the facts on this subject.
I will not now biing them before the Senate,
because I do not choose to occupy the time. I
admit there is a propriety for the suggestion the
Senator has made—that of fixing an initial point on
the Pacific, and the latitude and longitude of the
Colorado nver. I admit that an important and
difficult part is that of running a line from the Pa-
cific const to the junction of the river Gila; but I
am not prepared to agree to the conectness of the
remark of the honorable Senator, that this opera-
tion constitutes an essential and highly important
part of the whole business of running this hne.
It is very far from it. The latitude and longitude
of many other points will have to be calculated for
adManceof some two or three thousand miles,
which will have to be run over. I do not know
how far a line is to be run; but all the cucumflex-
ions of the river are to be made on the map, and
the calculations are to be made. These calcula-
tions are to be made on astronomical principles;
and if no more progress is to be made than here-
tofore, I venture to say that it will not be com-
pleted in several years. It has not been prosecuted
with the vi^or that it ought to have been during
the past year. I make these remarks with great
deference and respect to my honorable friend, and
gay that it is not a question now properly before
lis; nor can I by any means concede that the work
has been properly prosecuted during: the last year.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the question
to be now properly before the Senate, nor do I
bring it either pioperly or improperly before this
body. I sneak rather to what had been done, and
mv remarks should apply to that.
The Senator, in his hot zeal to run down this
commissioner, goes beyond anything I suggested,
and states a position as taken by me such as I
have not taken, arid cannot take. The papers re-
lating to this subject, as the Senator has said, have
gone to that bourne from which they seldom re-
turn—the printers of the Senate—and what amount
of money has been expended, 1 do not know, and
therefore have not spoken of it. Whether the
comrnibsioners have been economical or not, I do
not say; nor do I think it germane to the present
pubjcct. I spoke of what had been done to estab-
lish a boundary, and I call Senators to a consider-
ation of the point. The Senator assumed that htttle
had been done thus far. Now, sir, how does he ex-
plain it? By showing that astronomical observa-
tions have to be made elsewhere. Well, sir, any one
•who is competent to act as commissioner can take
an observation every night, with a sufficient degree
of accuracy, when he has already established
initial points. Moreover, upon the boundary of
the Gila, he will find that these observations have
already been made, and twelve different points
have been fixed by astronomical observation. I
do not know that anything more will be required.
The great and difficult problem to solve was the
establishment of an initial point, and the direction
of the line which would connect the point on the
coast with the point on the Colorado river. It
was not necessary that any one of great sc'em-e
and experience should attempt these observations.
The Senator from Connecticut treats it, however,
as though it were to lie run as a line of survey
like that of the public lands—setting down Jacob's
staff, and then running a hne until it would strike
the equator. It was a great astronomical problem;
and so far as that is concerned wc are unable to
judge of it in advance. We must have the data
before we express an opinion. The Senator has
access to the papers, and I have not. If he is
prepared to make the charge, I am ready to an-
swer it.
Mr. FOOTE rose for the purpose of deprecating
any further debate on a purely mathematical ques-
tion.
Mr. DICKINSON hoped honorable Senators
would let this question drop, and, as the chancel-
lors say, "neither affirm nor deny it." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITH having accepted the amendment
proposed by Mr. Davis, the question was then
tnken upon the amendment as modified, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, proposed the fol-
lowing amendment:
For compensation of two tvntrtinien, to be employed in
preserving the public grounds about the Capitol, at the rate
of $7.3 ! each per annum.
1 will make a brief explanation, Mr. President,
of this matter. We have one watchman, who
has been employed many years about the Capitol,
and who has been lodged at the west end of the
public ground. Other persons are employed about
the Capitol as policemen, whose duties are wrhin
the Capit<>l. The number of policemen employed
is reported as not more than sufficient for the per-
formance of their appropimie duties whlnn the
Capitol, In the mean time the grounds about the
Capitol are exposed to trespasses of various kinds,
which hove occasioned great injuries in the de-
struction of flowers, &c. Among other things that
have been destroyed, was one side of a beautifully
trimmed box. In order to prevent intrusion npon
the grass plots, and the injmy of the shrubs, iron
wires have been put up for protection. Still it is
found that the trespasses continue; and as there ts
but one watchman, and he a vciy old man,  nd
stationed at the west end, it is impossible to pre-
vent these trespasses, especially on the east side of
the Capitol. Two watchmen, therefore, are pro-
posed to be provided, in order that they may be
stationed on the north and south sides of the
building, to be on duty from early in the morning
until 10 o'clock at night, when the gates are to be
closed. The purpose will be ho readily under-
stood and appreciated, that I deem it unnecessary
to make any further explanation.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was sgreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Committee on Fi-
nance, on the recommendation of the Secretary of
War, propose another amendment. It is for the
reconnois«ance of a mil'tary road, which was or-
dered by General Worth through Texas.
The amendment is as follows:
"For expenses of mihtarv reconnoi<snnce in Tevn«, in-
cluding examination f,f" a  ew route fiom £>-o  Antonio,
Te:sa«, to EI Pds^o, Now Mexico, made in the jfar ld49,
#3,067 17 "
Mr. RUSK. I would like to know if there is
any communication from the War Department in
relation to that road.
Mr. DICKINSON replied that there was.
Mr. RU$K. That, however, may be of no
consequence. I know that $50,000 were appro-
priated for the purpose of making an examination
there. 1 have heard nothing of this appropriation
since. I understand this appropriation to be to
pay for the actual expenses of the survey that has
been made.
Mr. DICKINSON. This amendment is con-
nected with another matter, and I suspect has
nothing to do with the $50,000. That must have
been another matter altogether.
Mr. CASS. I now renew my amendment to
strike out the following appropriation:
"Foi outfit of chais6 d'affaires to Austria, four thousand
five hundred dollar-."
Mr. FOOTE suggested that, if the honorable
Senator would allow him, he would propose an
amendment to this by which two objects would
be accomplished; it was in relation to the rees*
tablishment of the diplomatic relationrwith the
Central Government of Germany.
Mr CASS. I am not going to detain the Sen-
ate wiih any observations on thi-s subject. The
ground has been gone over. This motion is
stronger than the former one. Objections were
made to the other which cannot leJate to this.'
This does not tequire the sending: df a special min-
ister, as the distinguished Senator from Kentucky
proposed, to beard the Emperor of Austria in his
palace. It is just as much a question which con-
cerns all constitutional Governments, whether
monarchical or republican: it belongs to the peace-
holding power. It gives no offence to any one.
It is simply a question of political expediency. I
agree with what the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi has said. I believe the best course would
be to abolish the missi< n to Austria, and that to
Prussia, and to renew the relations with fhe Cen-
tral Government of Germany. There is the foun-
tain of liberal principles. It is that point to which
every German wishing his country to be free—-
wishing for the progress of liberal principles—
turns his attention. Let us sympathize with this
feeling, and do what little we can towards its en-
couiagement. If there is to be a regeneiRtion in
Germany, it must depend upon the central au-
thority. , p
I do not make the motion now, but I agree fully
with what has been said by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, that this is the course we ought to adopt.
Mr KING. I had hoped,after my friend fiom
Michigan had discussed his resolution to discon-
tinue the diplomatic relations wilh Austria, he
would have been satisfied to let the matter rest,
and not have brought it up in a different shape by
striking her out of an appropriation bill, which is
substantially the same thing as if we had adopted
his resolution to discontinue those relations. Now,
sir, it is veiy unplensnot to go into any discussion
upon this subject. No man fVels a greater sym-
pathy for*those gallant spii us struggling for their
nationality than 1 do, or a greater abhorrence for
the, cruelty practised upon them by the Govern-
ment^ Austria. I will not enter into a strict ex-
amination in order to ascertain whether that strug-
gle was a struggle for the freedom of all mankind.
I doubt it veiy'much. I know the condition of
the masses ihere in years gone by. It certainly
was no better, if as good, as in Austria proper.
That they were snuggling for national existence,
for rights secured to them when they enteied into
a compact with Austria, we all know. That these
rights have been invaded, cannot be denied; and
that they have had a proper rei-pect for their own
standing as a nation, and have determined to as-
sert those rights, is creditable to them. As to its
being beneficial to the masses, in freeing them
from degradation, 1 believe every gentleman who
hears me is tnclimd to doubt.
Weil, sir, leaving that out of view, I was very
much opposed to seeing this question brought up
again. Let us look at the thing as it now stands
with legaid to us. Our intercourse with Austria
commenced only a few years ago. It was com-
menced in consequence of the expressed wish of
the Government of Austria that such relations
should exist between us. Well, was it for our in-
terest?—did we look at our interest when we
established those relations f We looked at noth-
ing else. Wc believed a state of things justified
and required that we should ha\e a diplomatic
agent there, to attend to the commercial interests
of the United States, as well as to afford reasonable
protection to American citizens who were to be
found there. Has it altered since? Haveourre-
lations with Austria undergone sucl^a change  s
to render it improper that this Government sh< uid
endeavor to advance its commercial interests?
Every gentleman knows that our commercial in-
tercourse with Austria has greatly increased since
;hat time, and promises to be exceedingly lucra-
tive. We know the business of the United States
with Austria has nearly quadrupled in the course
of a few years. We are carrying on our inter-
course with the very heart of Austria. Great
importations are made from Vienna itself. What
then do we accomplish by discontinuing this mis-
sion? We leave the commeice to the protection
of whom? Consuls; and why? If it is because
you deprecate the conduct of Austria—considering
it so objectionable that you may withhold your
intercourse—why not withdraw your consuls?
Why keep them there? Is it less objectionable to
