THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS 03 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1850.
New Series No. 116.
Illinois had been surveyed by the geodetic and the
topographical manner, she might now present a
map as accurate as that of the garden, at a cost lit.
tie if anything more than the imperfect plats which
have been obtained bv the system pursued. Still
more is this true of the mountain districts and the
higher latitudes to which we are now going. We
have been acting on an unsound theory, and the
theory being unsound, no errors which result from
practice can ever compensate for themselves.
Mr. President, I see that there is not a disposi-
tion to enter into the merits of this question, and
it is disagreeable, under such circumstances, to
press its consideration. But I scarcely know how
to avoid it. If we adopt the o!d mode of survey
for Oregon, there is an end of the matter. If we
commence upon that system because we are pressed
for time, 1 do not see how we are to escape the
same evil in the adjoining country. It will then
be applied to California, as I suppose we will adopt
some mode of survey for California at this session.
If there is a mode by which the relative merits of
the two methods of survey can be tested, whether
by a committee of the Senate or otherwise, 1 should
be very glad to see that course adopted. I have
no wish to press discussion on the Senate at this
time- But I believe that we should not surrender
this, the only opportunity we can have to adopt a
system which is true in itself, and which can so
favorably be applied to the country for which we
are about to order surveys. It is to begin with
the mode with which we must sooneror later end,
if we are to have accurate maps. I believe it
should now be adopted there, hereafter to be ex-
tended thence to the Atlantic. This mode, once
inapplicable, can soon, if not now, be applied to
the whole country, as the dense, heavy woods
which prevented us in the valley of Ohio from
commencing with this mode of surveying are now
in a great measure removed. Then we may pre-
sent a map of the United States, such as France
now presents of her territory—such as Switzer-
land has given to geography. We are in this
matter behind the civilization of the nineteenth
century; and it is time we should come up to it;
its advantages should appear in our public acts,
and be conferred on our infant colonies.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I feel extremely
desirous that the Senate shall give its favorable
action to the bill before us. I do not design to
express an opinion upon the amendment which has
been offered by the Senator from Mississippi, or
upon that system which the amendment proposes
to establish. It may be, it probably is, a more
accurate system than the one which is at present
used. But { have risen only for the purpose of
affirming what was said by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] that the adoption of this
amendment may lead to a lengthy discussion, and
that discussion to a postponement of the bill; or,
af adopted, to a discussion in the other branch of
Congress which may lead to a defeat of the bill.
For that leason aiorie, I hope the Senate will net
adopt the amendment; and I trust that it will be
willing to vote upon the bill at this time. I feel
extremely anxious that the bill should be adopted.
Still, I shall feel it my duty to move its postpone*
ment, it it leads to a discussion. I hope the Sen-
ate will act rather than talk.
Mr. GWIN. I have been very favorably im-
pressed with the plan of surveying advocated by
the Senator from Mississippi, i think it decidedly
the best; but 1 am exceedingly anxious that this
bill should pass, and pass this session, and I am
therefore unwilling to incumber it with amend-
ments that may lead to its defeat. ! am willing
that there should be a committee raised to inquire
into the mode of survey suggested by the Senator
from Mississippi, and I think it will probably be
found the best for the Pacific coast, but I am un-
willing to incumber this biU„
Mr. FREMONT. I rise to express my grati-
fication with the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. 1 think that the old system
of surveys ought io be broken up entirely, and I
am satisfied that it is not applicable to the western
coast. In some of the States at this time, or at
11(5
least in one of them, it is against the lav/ to make
a correct survey, and in a country so much bro-
ken up as California is, with so many long and
steep slopes, especially where the lands will be-
come very valuable, I think the present mode en-
tirely inapplicable. I should be very glad to see
the amendment prevail. Although in the beginning
the expense of this new system would be a little
greater than the old, yet in a short time it would
be about the same, and these surveys may be
carried on now with as much rapidity as if the old
system was applied to California. I think that,
in her condition, having been born full grown, all
the scientific improvements of the age can well be
applied to her, and where it can be done without
any loss of time I think it ought to be done.
Mr. EWING. A very slight examination of
the subject has impressed me favorably with the
mode of survey suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi. I rise, however, to say nothing upon
the question, but merely to suggest to him a modi-
fication of his amendment, so as to put it in the
power of the department to direct surveys in that
mode, if, upon examination and inquiry, it be
found expedient.
Mr. DAVIS, I will accept that modification'.
Mr. EWING. Well, if the Senator will mod-
ify his amendment in that way, I can support it
cordially.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will agree to that, and I
hope no objection will be made to it.
Mr. Dx^VIS, of Mississippi. I will then mod-
ify my amendment so as to read as follows:
"That if, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior*
it shall be ptefer.ible, the surveys in said Territory shall he
made after what h known as the geodetic method, under
puch reeulations ;md upon such terrm may he provided
hy said Secretary, or other df parfment having charge of the
purveys of the public lands ; and that said geodetic surveys
shall be followed bv topographical ■surveys, as Congress may
from time to time authorize and direct.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to ascertain
whether, in that form, it does not make it imper-
ative, instead of discretionary, to have the work
performed in that wav?
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is, if in
the opinion of the Secretary it shall be preferable.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. *Ah ! That will do.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the Senatorfrom
Mississippi whether it id necessary to strike out
the third section ? As this is merely alternative,
it should go in as an additional section.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes. I merely want to give the
Secretary the rig;ht to prefer which ever he
chooses. It would seem, therefore, that we should
leave all the limitations of the old system of survey.
Mr DOUGLAS. Then move your amendment
as a distinct section.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It would seem
best, under the view now taken, not to strike out
the third section, but to insert my amendment as
an introduction to the section immediately after
the word " enacted."
Mr. FELCH. In what part of the section is
the amendment now to be inserted ?
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is to go
in immediately after the words:
" JJnd he it further enacted, That," at the beginning of the
section, and be followed by—
"Bui if the present mode of surveying be adhered to,
then ir shall be the duty of said surveyor to cause a base
line and meridian to be purveyed." and so forth, to the end
of the section, as it stands in the orieinal bill.
Mr. FELCH. Yes; that will do.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr, YULEE. I propose to strike out the fifth
section of the hill. That section proposes to make
a grant of half a section of land to every person
who may go to Oregon to settle, from the 1st day
of December next following, 1850, to the 1st De-
cember, 1855. That is to say, it proposes a gra-
tuity of half a section of land to every person who
will go to live in Oregon. This introduces an en-
tirety new policy. It offers a stimulus to the set-
tlement of a particular Territory, which is not
allowed to any other Territory of this Union, and
has not been allowed to any State of this Re-
public at any time. Heretofore the highest
benefit that we have allowed to any settler has
been to give him a preemption—a first right to
purchase at the Government price of a dollar and
a quarter the land upon which he settles in the
new State or Territory, and even that was limited
to a quarter section. This bill proposes to give
half a section to every one who will go to Oregon
to settle there. Now, if this section is to remain
in the bill, I shall certainly expect, as a matter of
fairness, and in order that other Territories and
States where there are public lands, may be placed
upon the same footing as Oregon, that the same
inducement to settle in those States and Territo-
ries shall be held out. Otherwise, nothing can be
more unfair than that all the migration should be
directed to Oregon, and that the other States and
Territories should be left without any such stimu-
lus to their population. I move to strike out the
fifth section of the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Florida [Mr. Yulee] that he entirely
overlooks one material difference between Oregon
and the other Territories and States to which he
alludes. In the first place, no man will go to Ore-
gon unless you hire him to go there; and as it is
an object to get the Territory settled, we must re-
sort to the means which the particular condition
of things renders necessary. Whereas, with re-
gard to the State of Florida, as of other of the Ter-
ritories, we may say of them, that they hold out
so many inducements of themselves to attract set-
tlements—their fine climate, rich soil, salubrious
atmosphere, and many other circumstances that
make them eminently desirable as places of resi-
dence, and particularly, as my friend from Missis-
sippi suggests, their delightful everglades some-
times—that all that is necessary to fill them up
with a large and valuable and desirable population,
is that the Government shall agree to sell the
lands. Now, we want all this Territory peopled.
It is highly important that Oregon should be popu-
lated. °The population is so small there that the
people will scarcely be able to defend themselves
from Indians, and until they get into a condition
to be able to defend themselves, they will necessa-
rily cause the United States a large expenditure to
defend them. I do not see how we can do better,
if we can only get people to go there by giving
them the land. The only objection I can see is,
that possibly it may involve something- hke un-
fairness or fraud on the part of the Government to
persuade people into settling such a country by
the inducements held out to them. That is the
only objection 1 can suppose. I am therefore in-
disposed to strike out the section, and I think, un-
der the circumstances, if we can get anybody to
go there, on any terms, we ought not to com-
plain.
Mr. FOOTE. Having never had any of that
jealousy, which I must say is rather too common
on the part of certain portions of our southern
country towards our growing settlements in the
far West, I shall vote against this proposition with
great cordiality, being, for one, exceedingly de-
sirous of the rapid settlement of ali our frontier
country on the Pacific.
Mr. YULEE. There can be no jealousy upon
a matier of this sort, as I expect no benefit to any
part of the country to which t belong from any
legislation here, and certainly none from any pro-
vision of this sort. But, as a matter of policy, it
seems to me that this provision is a very unfair
one. I submit to the Senate whether there is any
reason—whether it is a wise policy to stimulate
migration to the other side of the Rocky Moun-
tains? It is to be appiehended that the migra-
tion has been much beyond what the natural
inducements of the country will justify, thus far,
and I learn that a very large number of the emi-
grants aie anxious now to return, and will return
during the Fall, if they can possibly obtain the
means to return to this side of the Rocky Moun-
tains. I was informed last night that there are no
less than twenty thousand on the Pacific side, who
would be glad, by any means, and upon any terms,
to be restored to their homes on this side of the
Rocky Mountains. But, be that as it may, is
there not inducement strong enough to attract be-
