1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
which I have referred, this grant of land. Let us
.give to others the same preemption rights that we
iiuve granted heretofore, but let us not hold out in-
ducements to furthersettiers, when they are already
greater than are held out to settlers in any other
portion of the United States at this moment. I
wish to offer these remarks as some explanation
for the vote which I shall give on this subject. I
will not dwell further upon it; but to this whole
policy of getting rid of our richest and most val-
uable public lands as soon as possible, I am op-
posed, and I should have attempted to set myself
against it at all times, had I not seen that it was
impossible to stem the torrent of feeling and liber-
a'ity on this subject which actuates both Houses
of Congress at the present time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not rise to detain the Sen-
ate, but to express the hope that the Senate will
vote on the amendment. I have already deferred
making a motion which I suggested I would make
for one hour, and I think Senators must be fully
sensible that if we do not devote a proper portion
of our time to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, it must result in an extra session of this
body. As one individual I certainly shall struggle
strongly to prevent such a result. I hope, there-
fore, that the friends of Oregon will vote and not
talk.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not my intention to
have made any observations on this bill, and to
have contented myself with voting for its passage
but for the motion which has been made by the
Senator from Florida to strike out the 5th section.
I have objections to the section, but they are dif-
ferent from those presented by the Senator. I ob-
ject to tt because the inducement or bounty offered
is insufficient, as a consideration for the hazards
and difficulties incident to a removal to the far-dis-
tant territory of Oregon. I grant you that it is not
in accordance with the general policy of the Gov-
ernment, but nevertheless, when we consider the
peculiar situation of Oregon, it appears to be a
wise, prudent, and most necessary departure from
that policy. In the early settlement of Tennessee
the policy then adopted by North Carolina was
very similar to that which is now proposed here in
reference to Oregon. A bounty or donation of
land of 640 acres, or one section, was granted to
all of the citizens of North Carolina who might
choose to emigrate to Cumberland, or what is now
West Tennessee. The reasons for this policy were
obvious. Indian tribes of the most dangerous
character surrounded them, and individual!*, with-
out some inducement, were unwilling to encounter
the hazards of removing to that country. Some
of the best farmers and most substantial citizens of
Tennessee have been furnished by the policy then
pursued by North Carolina in affording this in-
ducement. The settlement of Cumberland indeed
might have been postponed for half a century but
for this wise and humane policy, suggested by the
wisdom of North Carolina statesmen. The con-
sequence was that Cumberland soon obtained a
p .pulation sufficient to defend themselves against
the powerful surrounding tribes of border Indians.
Well, sir, what is the present situation of Ore-
fon? It is so remote from the settlements of the
tates that it has been considered almost beyond
even the common sympathies which are extended
to all people in our time. I recollect that when I
first came into this Chamber, Oregon was then a
bone of contention. Some there were who con-
tended that aid should be extended to Oregon,
while others opposed it, and through that,, orsome
other cause, up to the present time, the Territory
has been almost entirely neglected. And at a
time when she was most seriously threatened by
the Indians, a regiment raised for her necessary
■defence was diverted from the object of its creation
and marched to Mexico. Thus Oregon has been
for years without the benefit of any protection
from the Government. The people who have
gone there deserve great credit, but it is only in
•accordance with the enterprise of the American
character, and with that daring spirit of adventute
which has ever animated the American people,
and which will doubtless continue to animate them
while there are distant lands to occupy or difficul-
ties to encounter. Those who have gone there,
and who it is said are so anxious to return, will soon
t\nd reason, if these inducements shall be given to
emigrants, to remain there. Their condition will
be bettered, additional confidence will be inspired,
■and they will prosper into a, flourishing and pow-
erful community. And if the patronage proposed
to be bestowed upon emigrants there by the Gov-
ernment should aid them in consummating so great
an enterprise, it will notonly result to their benefit,
but it will increase the resources, extend the com-
merce, and strengthen the power of the National
Union. When I come to compare this with sim-
ilar inducements which at other times have been
offered, I do not think it by any means extrava-
gant, nor do I think it more than a fair compensa-
tion for the hazards incurred, or the delay and loss
©f time incident to such an emigration. An entire
year, or more than that ev^njmustbe lost in mi-
grating from any portion of the United States to
Oregon. The distance is three thousand miles at
least, from the habitable part of any State in this
Union to any part of the settlements in Oregon,
and I think the grant of three hundred and twenty
acres is a very insufficient compensation for the
hazards, difficulties, toils, and expenditure that is
incurred in making such a trip. I would rather
increase it to a section, to six hundred and forty
acres, than to retain the amount at three hundred
and twenty acres, and I do not think that such a
grant, under the circumstances, would be a very
munificent one on the part of the Government.
They do not lose their allegiance to the United
S'ates by emigrating to Oregon, hut they go there
as pioneers to the extension of the influence and in-
crease of the power of the Republic, and they de-
serve to be rewarded for the enterprise which they
evince. And the benefits and advantages that will
resulttotheUnion from thus extending and increas-
ing its power on the Pacific will mope than remuner-
ate the General Government for any disposition of
this character which may be made of these public
lands. But it is objected that this bounty is con-
fined to a particular section, and the Senator from
Florida asks why not extend its henefits to Cali-
fornia ? Well, sir, I have no objection to its being
extended to California, if it will induce agricultur-
ists or mechanics to go there. We find that the
lumber trade in Oregon is likely to be one of vast
importance, and that it is one of the finest wheat
producing countries in the world, and why should
we not adopt a policy which will encourage our
citizens to throw themselves in competition with
Chili and other South American States, who find
a market for their productions in California? If
will beaid'ng our people, and we have a surplus
in this section of the country which we can spare.
Those who wish to transfer themselves to that
country do not lose their citizenship; they are still
American citizens, and the Republic should en-
courage the enterprise which tak'-s them thither.
It is not a benefit conferred upon strangers; it is
one which tends to the deveiopingof our vast re'
sources, and the opening of new markets to our
enterprise and industry. This is the result, sir,
which this proposition seeks to attain, and it should
be the object of every American to attain. Well,
sir, I am most cordially in favor of this bounty,
and am willing to convince the Senator from Flor-
ida that I am not partial to Oregon, by assuring
him that I will support a proposition which will
give the same bounty to settlers in Florida. I am
willing to give a section to any individual who de-
sires to locate himself upon any portion of the
public lands which has been once in the market
and remains unsold; and I assure the Senator that
if he will introduce a bill to give three hundred
and twenty or six hundred and forty acres to every
industrious family who will emigrate to Florida
and occupy land that has been once brought into
market ancl remains unsold, I will promise to sup-
port it. I have no desire in this matter to make
fish of one and flesh of the other, and I am willing
to extend this policy wherever these public lands
can be reduced to cultivation. It is a policy, sir,
which I always have and always shall support as
long as I have a seat on this floor, or while we
! have a boundless domain uncultivated, and a peo-
! pie ready to engage in tilling and cultivating it.
i Mr. YULEE asked for the yeas and nays on
| his amendment, and they were ordered.
| Mr. WALKER. Is not the section, before it
is stricken out, susceptible of amendment?
! The PRESIDENT. It is.
I Mr. WALKER. Then, sir, I wish to offer
; the following amendment, to come in at the close
! of the section as a second proviso:
"And povided, aho, That the land so to be gran'el to anv
puch occupant shall be and remain, during the existence of
the teuitorial government m Oregon, exempt from forced
sale, extent, or levy, on execution o  decree, from or by aay
court of Jaw or equity; and that any such grantee, his heirs,
devisees, or grant* es, shall be for the time aforesaid prohib-
ited from alienating or conveying the land, or any part
thereof, so to him granted, to any person or corporation who
owns, or would thereby become the owner of, more land
than the quantity of one hundred and sixty acres, and, if a
married man, without the voluntary consent of the wife,
given in the deed ofeonveyance."
I shall ask, sir, before th« vote is taken on the
proposition, the yeas and nays, and I propose to
offer a very few observations in reference to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the (Senator allow me
to make a motion, which will not deprive him of
the floor, to postpone this subject until to-mor-
row ?
Mr. WALKER. I have no objection, if the
friends of the bill have none.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh, no; go on.
Mr. WALKER. Very well. I was about to
remark that the discussion which we have just
heard strikes me as somewhat out of place. It is
one which certainly applies to the present moment,
and therefore has no application to the legislation
to which it refers. If we take the train of argu-
ment as indicative of the wishes of Senators, it
may be that those wishes are directed to the fu-
ture welfare of the country; but it seems to me
that the arguments refer merely to the present mo-
ment, and the selfish interests of those who exist
at the present day. Their minds do not seem to
be directed to the future welfare either of Oregon
or the United States; and the only inquiry in the
argument therefore is, is the grant or donation
proposed too small? I say to those gentlemen
that the time wilt come when people will go to
Oregon without this bounty, and when they get
there, mark my words, they will not thank Senators
for having given these lands in whole sections to the
individuals who have gone there before them. Then,
sir, those who so there seeking for a home will
look back on this legislation with disapprobation
and regret. Sir, if you desire to legislate for the
permanent interests of Oregon, and for the per-
manent interests of the whole country, do not
adopt the policy of granting this land in large
amounts to individuals; but, on the contrary, let
the grants be as small as the ultimate interests of
the country will demand, so that, when the popu-
lation becomes heavy and dense, the land of the
country shall he as equally distributed as the then
present and now future interests of the country
may require. Gentlemen seem to be vying with
each other as to who shall make the largest prop-
osition in regard to this matter; but, sir, they are
directing their mighty energies in a dnection which
it appears to me will be unavailing in one point of
view; that is, if the object is to see which can
make the largest bid over the other. Why, they
are bidding for a section of the country which has
no vote, and one of the gentlemen even bid
for the widows, who have no vote. I heard of a
politician in the State of Illinois who once took a
friend, who happened to be from the Emerald
Isle, to show him a dredging machine invented by
a friend of mine to plough through the low prairies
of Illinois, and which was being used to construct
a feeder for the canal. The machine was in opera-
tion, scraping up immense quantities of earth,
and removing it. Paddy looked at it awhile, and
at last he exclaimed, " Sure, it works be-mtifully,
and scrapes up the dirt in fine style. Unlade, it
does the work of five Irishmen; but thin, my
friend, be Jasus, the thing can't vote." " That's
a fact,'' said the politician, patting him on the
shoulder, " and 1 wouldn't give one Irishman for
forty machines." [Laughter.] Gentlemen here
; aie directing their energies the wrong way, if their
| object is to get bids; but, if their objects be the
! real interests of the country,let them look at what
it will be hereafter, when the necessities of the
country and the necessities of settlers shall require
the distribution of a less quantity of land to each
| than what is now proposed to be given them,
i Now, this amendment, as it is proposed, is in
1 view of the quantity being one hundred and sixty
i acres, but it is applicable also, if the quantity shall
j be retained at three hundred and twenty acres. It
i proposes to exempt the land from forced sale, tntl
j to leave it perpetually in the hands of those to
! whom it is granted, or so long as this Government
; can control it, which is as long as the existence
' of a territorial government there; and it. also pre-
cludes the transfer of it to those who already own
a quantity not exceeding one hundred and sixty
j acres. I believe this to be the true policy for the
