750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
resolution of the Senate directing that committee to
inquire into the expediency of printing the annual
report upon commerce and navigation in anticipation
of the annual assembling of Congress, reported a
bill to provide for the printing of the annual reports
upon commerce and navigation; which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on Patents,
to which was referred the numerous resolutions,
memorials, &c.,-relating to the patent laws, reported
a bill to amend "An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts;" which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Gilbert Cameron, in rela-
tion to a contract, asked to be discharged from the
further Consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings;
which was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
memorial of the widow of Captain E. G. Elliot, of
the United States army, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was concurred in.
Also, from the same committer, to which had
been referred the memorial of Mary Morris Foot,
widow of a late surgeon in the United States army
asked to be discharged from the further consider
ation of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; which was concurred in.
Mr. ff AMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to Which was referred the several petitions
of citizens of Michigan, in relation to a road from
Port Wilkins, Michigan, to Green Bay, Wiscon-
sin, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals; which was
concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of George Dennett, for com-
pensation for services performed while naval offi-
cer at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, reported a
bill for the relief of George Dennett, of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire; which was read and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Amelia Sophia Catherine Wetmore, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was concurred in.
CORRECTION.
Mr. "VVHiTCOMB. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a moment, for the purpose of making
a personal explanation. In the union, of this
morning, I am represented as saying:
" Mr. Wimcomh said that he bad voted in the majority
for the purpose of moving a reconsideration."
In makingthisexplanation, lam far from attrib-
uting any error to the reporter. I intended to
apply the vote to the item in relation to the appro-
priation for the Patent Office building, and I voted
with the majority for that purpose. While I am
up, I will state that I offered that amendment not
with a view of interfering with any existing con-
tract, or opposing compensation for any labor
performed under such contract, but chiefly with
the view of opposing the making of any further
contract without the sanction of Congress.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to solicit the indulgence
of the Senate while 1 also make a correction. In
the National Intelligencer, of the 16th, I am rep-
resented as using language which 1 did not use,
and which is exactly the reverse of what I did say,
in reference to an amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. It reads as follows:
" I opposed this amendment a few days ago, and should do
so again, had it not been lor the feaiislactory explanation of
my frtend Irom Iowa."
What I endeavored to say was, that I had
examined the circumstances connected with this
amendment before it was brought forward; that I
was perfectly satisfied that the amendment ought
to pass, and that, after the satisfactory explanation
which had been given by the honorable Senator
from Iowa, I deemed it my duty to give it mysup-
port. That is what 1 said. I do not wish to be
understood by the good people of Minnesota, as
being opposed to their wishes, or in any way act-
ing in an unkind manner towards them.
While I am up, I will remark that it is much to
be regretted that the reporters have not such ac-
commodations as will enable them to hear and
report correctly what is said. Senators are fre-
quently unavoidably misrepresented, and are
obliged to get up in their places here, and correct
these mistakes,-unintentionally and unavoidably
made, in consequence of the reporters not being
located where they can hear to advantage. I make
these remarks with the view of quickening action
in regard to providing better accommodation for
the reporters.
CUSTOM HOUSE AT MOBILE.
Mr. KING. I rise for the purpose of offering
a resolution that relates to the erection of a custom-
house at Mobile, in the State of Alabama. It is a
curious fact with regard to that place, that, while
almost every town of any magnitude in the Union
has had large appropriations for the erection of
buildings necessary, for the collection of the cus-
toms, no amount has been appropriated to erect
suitable buildings for that purpose in that place.
The whole amount tnat has been appropriated for
the erection of a building and the purchase of a
lot, some twenty years ago, was $21,500. And
with that amount they have struggled on, with a
rickety building, which has to be propped up to
prevent us falling down. It has, however, now
become necessary to call the attention of Congress
to the necessity of erecting proper buildings for
this purpose. While I do this, I will take the
liberty of stating that the exports from Mobile
amount to a greater sum than in any city in this
Union, with the exception of the cities of New York
and New Orleans. It is the third exporting city
in the Union. In cotton alone we send out some
450,000 bales. The aggregate amount of the ex-
ports will not fall short ot twenty millions. I have
had occasion to know that the expenditure already
made with regard to Boston, New York, and
other places of less commercial importance than
Mobile, exceeds millions of dollars. New York
is a very great exporting city, and,there has been
a heavy expenditure there for the erection of a
proper building. Charleston, in South Carolina,
has large exports, but not equal to those of Mobile;
and in that city they are erecting a custom-house
at a great expense. $240,000 was appropriated
last session for that purpose. Now, I have no
objection to the erection of a proper custom-house
there. It is wanted, and ought to be erected.
The appropriation for Savannah, whose exports
are more than a third less than those of Mobile,
was, 1 believe, $95,000 for the erection of a custom-
house, and the expenditure will- be considerably
more. At Portland, in Maine, where the exports
are tiiflmg compared with those of Mobile, we
have appropriated already §149,000 for the erection
of a custom-house, and how much more will be
required, gentlemen living in that section of the
Union can determine better than I can.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have purchased a build
ing already erected.
Mr. KING. I merely draw the attention of
the Senate to these facts to show that Mobile hai
been greatly neglected; and that at the present
time such is the insecurity of the building, besides
being very limited in its extent, that unless some-
thing is done business cannot be carried on, and
those engaged in attending to the business of the
customs in that place are daily liable to have their
brains dashed out by the falling of the building.
I submit the resolution to the Senate, and move
that it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to mqune into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the erection ot a custom-house at Mobile, in the State of
Alabama.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to say
one word in reply to what has been said by the
Senator from Alabama. I do not think our legis-
lation has been very judicious in regard to the
erection of custom-houses. It is true that a very
splendid and expensive building has been erected
in Boston, not costing, as I understood the honor-
able Senator from Alabama to say, millions of
dollars, but about a million, or not fur from that
sum.
Mr. KING. I did not say that the custom-
house in Boston cost millions, but that millions
had been expended on that and other custom-
houses.
Mr. DAVIS. The large expenditure grows out
of this fact, both in relation to Boston and New
York, and more especially in relation to New
Orleans; for he custom-house at New York cost
more than that at Boston, and that at New Orleans
cost more than at any other place, for it cost, I
believe, about two millions of dollars. But this is
the way of these large expenditures. We begin
with the erection of a building, for very good and
necessary purposes, by making suitable appro-
priations for the end designed. In the^ext place,
we apply to an architect to furnish us with a plan
of the building, and next we decide upon the ma-
terial of which it is to be constructed; and all these
points are left to be settled after the first act for
an appropriation has been passed; and then, and
not till then, have you any knowledge of the prob-
able expense. The error consists in not beginning
with some suitable plan of operation, so as to de-
termine and settle the expense. I am in favor of
extending this accommodation to all those places
where there is occasion for them as speedily as
we can do so. I would give them reasonable
accommodation; but I have never thought it very
wise to build palaces for custom-Houses. I have
never thought that the interests of the country de-
manded it. I believe that at Boston there are no
more accommodations than are necessary. My
friend from Alabama does not recollect that seven
millions of dollars are annually collected at that
port—a larger sum than is collected at the port of
New York. They need these large accommoda-
tions for the purpose of carrying on their busi-
ness, and the only objection to them is, that they
are rather extravagant in their character. I make
no objection to the resolution going to the com-
mittee. They have already had this subject under
consideration, in regard to another place, where a
custom-house is perhaps not more necessary than
it is at Mobile.
The resolution was then adopted.
THE MAIL FROM NEW YORK TO CHAGRES.
Mr. DOWNS. I offer a resolution that relates
to a contract with the naval department of the
Government, for carrying the mail in steamers
from New York, by way of Charleston, Savannah,
and New Orleans,,to Chagres. It is stated by the
Secretary of the Kavy, in his admirable report,
that the contractors have failed to comply with
their contract in some respects, and it intimates
that there are other difficulties in carrying out the
contract which will prevent its fulfillment. In ad-
dition to this information, there are serious com-
plaints from the merchants and the people of New
Orleans of the violation of the contract by these
contractors. In order, however, to have authen-
tic and full information on the subject before the
Senate at the proper time, when the geneial ap-
propriation bill comes up, I offer this resolution,
calling on the Secretary of the Navy to submit to
the Senate such further information in relation to
this matter as may be in his possession. As this
is merely a resolution of inquiry, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of it now.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to the Senate whether the contractor for the New Or-
leans and Chagres line of mailsteamets, who " bound him-
< self to establish a line of steamships, to consist ot at least
< five vessel*, for the transportation of the United State*?
* mail from New Yoik to New Orleans, twice a month and
£ back, touching at Charleston, (if practicable,) Savannah,
1 and Havana, and from Havana to Chagres. anil back twice
' a month; that two of the steamships should be completed
< and ready for service on the 1st day of October, 1848, and
  should be of the burden of not less than fitteen hundred
< tons," has complied with his contract; and, if not,
whether his failure to do so, and the iitigatiop in which he
has been engaged with his assignees, will be calculated to
embarrass and postpone the final completion of the vessels
contracted foi, if not to endanger the ultimate fulfillment of
the contract with the Government, and are not of such a
nature as to authorize and require that said contract should
be declared by the Government null and void and whether
the action of Congress be necessary to carry such purpose
into effect; and to report such otiier information touching
said contract as may he useful to Congress,
Mr. DICKINSON. This is much more than
a mere resolution of inquiry. I object to it be-
cause it asks the Secretary of the Navy to give
his opinion whether Congress ought not to declare
the contract v8id.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, this resolution lies on the table one day,
under the rules.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior communi-
cate to the Senate the report of William Cary Jones, mado
