1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 17,
country to adopt. I have already argued this
question on its general principles on another occa-
sion before the Senate, and I do not now propose
to repeat anything I then said; and I am the more
convinced every day of my lite that such ought to
be the policy adopted by the Government. 1 am
satisfied of this fact, too, from the manner in which
the argument I then addressed to the Senate struck
the country—not the politicians, not the office-
seekers or office-holders of the country, but the
laboring men of the land. These things, I repeat,
lmve satisfied mc the more that the views 1 then
presented were in consonance with the true inter-
ests of the country. It is in tins light that the
men who have written and spoken on the subject
have placed it before the community—men who
take no other view than is prompted by their re-
gard for the interests of the people and the coun-
try, and particularly of the great mass of it—of
the laboring community, who have, do now, and
ever must contribute the true wealth which the
country possesses. 1 have said that it would be
the height of my ambition to see this policy adopt-
ed*, and I repeat it here, I offer this an endment to
test the sense of the Senate on the subject, and I
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. BADGER.. I wish to second the proposi-
tion more than once made by the Senator from
Maine. It is known to the Senate that to-morrow
we have to take up the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and proceed with it until it is disposed
of. It is known to us all, too, that we have Ex-
ecutive business enough before us to occupy the
Senate for one week, apply all the time we daily
give to our public duties. Now, unless we can
dispose of some of the most essential public busi-
ness to-day, m Executive session, it seems to me
that the consequence will be as suggested—that
we shall be convened in extra session between the
close of this and the next session. I have staled
these facts, and shall leave it to the Senate to de-
cide upon the course it will pursue. If it intends
to proceed with this bill, and occupy the day m
its discussion, 1 shall undoubtedly put in and take
my full share in throwing away as much of the
day as may be convenient; but if it chooses to
take up Executive business, I desire it may do so,
and for that purpose I move to lay this bill on the
table, as a test of the intention of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. We have but two amendments to
vote on.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope it will not be con-
sidered a test question.
Mr. BADGER. Not of the merits of the bill,
but whether the Senate will proceed to Executive
business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall give up all hope of
the bill if it is now laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Walt-
er's amendment.
Mr. BENTON. As I heard the amendment
read, it makes no exception in favor of contracts
now existing. If the amendment is to be pressed,
1 think it should be prospective, and only applica-
ble to contracts in the future.
Mr. CASS. As to the gianting of land to actual
settlers in Oregon, I am prepared to go as far as
any man, and I believe we are called upon to do
it, by every just consideration. It adds to the
power, stability, and wealth of the country, and 1
am therefore prepared, as I have before said on an-
other occasion, to grant to every settler in the
United States, who will go upon it and make it
productive, a tract of land, under proper limita-
tions. 1 believe there is no more important sub-
ject for our consideration before the country. Men
are worth more than land, and land is only valu-
able when it is possessed by men for the purposes
of cultivation. Now, with respect to theamendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin, I cannot go for it.
It is to me a "Wilmot proviso. 1 believe it to be
one of those questions which should he left, to in-
ternal legislation, and for the people to determine
for themselves. I believe we have no more right to
interfere with it than we have with any other ques-
tion of internal legislation. And so with respect to
States. If application was made to apply this pro-
vision to public lands which we hold in the States,
we could not do it. We cannot control it, and it
is a question to be left to the people of the country.
For myself, as the member of a State, I am in
favor of the homestead exemption. I believe that
families, widows, and children should be protected
by the State, as much as possible, against the im-
providence and misconduct of the husband and
father. That is my opinion. In my own Slate,
in the constitution just proposed to the people, and
which, I hope, will be adopted, this feature is in-
corporated. 1 think it a wise, judicious, and hu-
mane feature. I do not refer to the amount which
may be fixed or the details, but the general princi-
ple 1 am in favor of. But, as 1 said before, I am
utterly opposed to Congress attempting to inter-
meddle with this matter of internal legislation,
which belongs exclusively to the people of the
States and Territories.
Mr. HAMLIN. I feel under obligations to re-
new the motion just made by the Senator from
North Carolina. One word while I am up. There
is an old saying " save me from my friends." I
think this bill may well exclaim " save me from
my friends." 1 move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow, for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of Execu-
tive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that motion will not
prevail. This bill has been postponed several
times, when it could have besn disposed of in a
moment or two. If it is now again postponed,
there must be a new discussion on it. All this
debate will be lost if we postpone the bill, and to-
morrow will be occupied with it again. I hope
we will go through with it now. We can get
through with it in a few minutes. The best way
now is to husband our time and stick to a measure.
Then we can get through. I hope the motion will
not prevail.
Mr. BUTLER. I should be perfectly willing
to take a vote on this bill without further debate.
It happens, however, that we have most of the
President's nominations under our control. And
if we go into the discussion of them in secret ses-
sion, it will take nearly the residue of the time of
this session.
The motion was rejected on a division: Ayes 22,
noes, 23.
The question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. In reference to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, I wish to say
there is a bill now before the Senate, which I be-
lieve has been advocated by him, in which there is
this exemption. It is the bounty land bill, which
is in charge of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields.] There it is expressly provided that the
land it grants shall not be subject to the payment
of any debt incurred by the officer or soldier prior
to the issuing of the patent.
The Senator from Michigan says that he is an
advocate of these donations for actual settlement
with proper checks and limitation. I hope the
time will come when he will see the favorable mo-
ment to establish these proper checks. I deem this
one of them. That is the reason I have offered
the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, as the yeas
and nays have been ordered, I wish to say a word
or two lest my vote on this amendment should be
misunderstood. I do not concur entirely in the
views expressed by my honorable friend from
Michigan. With regard to our right or our power
to interfere in the internal regulations of these
Territories, it is very well known that I entertain
the opinion that we have the largest power with all
their concerns. They are Territories, and we
have a right to do as we please with them. But I
will not vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin for a reason to which I wish to call his
attention,
Mr. Piesident, in the early times of our English
forefathers, lands were protected from creditors.
They seemed to have been entirely protected; and
various contrivances were resorted to by legisla-
tion to keep lands in the families in which they
once were found. But since that time the free
spirit of that country, through the judges, and
when it could reach and influence the legislative
body there, has been engaged in an effort to dis-
entangle land from these incumbrances, to make
it the subject of free disposition, and, so far as the
aristccratic notions of that country would allow,
to make it amenable to the payment of just debts.
I think that was progress in the right direction;
and I am not for taking a step backwards towards
those times when the interests of a man's family
in retaining and holding possession of an estate
were considered as higher or more sacred than the
interests of his creditors and his obligation to pay
his just debts. 1 have no notion, for one, that we
shall embark in an arrangement by which we shall
secure this property from creditors, by which we
shall give our legislative sanction to the defraud-
ing of creditors, by which we shall teach, so far
as our legislation can teach, that we think the
claims of creditors are not to be respected.
Again, sir, if we give these lands, I am for giv~
ing them out and out*. Every trammel thrown
around them is, in my judgment, either mediately
or immediately an injury to the owner. A man's
credit is injured if his property is not liable for his
debts. A man's respectability is diminished if he
be allowed to retain his property and hold his
creditors at defiance. The pecuniary interests, the
moral character, and ultimate success of every so-
ciety requires that every man should be compelled
to feel that honesty, if he does not esteem it hi 
highest duty, is at least his best policy. And
therefore, unless my friend from Wisconsin can
remove these objections, I must vote against his
amendment.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I seldom vote
for the yeas and nays on these collateral questions
which spring up. If the yeas and nays are ordered,
gentleman must get up and explain their votes
as they have to go on the record. They are
obliged to do so. I do not complain of any one
that does so. I therefore vote against the yeas and
nays on little collateral questions, both to avoid
time in taking them, and still more to avoid the
speeches which must necessarily be made if the
yeas and nays are ordered. If the call for trie
yeas and nays in this case be withdrawn, by unan-
imous consent, we can finally finish this business,
and have that Executive session which we all de-
sire.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Dodge of Wisconsin,Seward,and Walk-
er—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bright, Butler, Cdss, Clarke, Davis
of Mdafeachufeus, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Ha} ton,
Dickinson, Dodge oi Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Feleii,
Fremont, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, King, Mangum,
Mason, Morton, Norn's, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Shield-,
Smith, Soul6, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood*
Wales, Winthrop, and Yulee—44.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Yeleh's motion
to strike out the 5th section of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I rise to
propose a compromise, and that is, that we retain
the section, but change 1855 into 1852. This will
give two years to enable persons to avail them-
selves of the benefit of these donations, and put it
m the power of the next Congress to extend the
time, if they think proper. 1 am a friend of the
bill, and preler changing 1855 to 1852. If that
can be done, we may alt perhaps vote for the bill.
On a division there was a tie—ayes 22, noes 22.
So the amendment did not prevail.
Mr. DAWSON called for the yeasand nays on
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
the question, and the yeas and nays cannot now
be ordered.
Mr. DAWSON, Then 1 renew the amend-
ment, and call for the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. TURNEY. I would inquire if that is in
order?
Mr. HAMLIN. Is it in order, in Committee
of the Whole, to renew an amendment that has
! been already rejected? The amendment can be
I offered again when the bill shall have been re-
I ported to the Senate.
! The PRESIDENT. In consequence of there
being an equal division of the Senate, the Chair
announced that the amendment was lost. No
question has been taken since, and hence the mo-
tion is not strictly m order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let the amendment be
offered in the Senate.
Mr. WINTHROP. Mr. President, this is a
constitutional question rather than a point of
order. The Constitution says that " the yeas and
nays of the members of either House on any ques-
tion shall, at the desire of one fifth of those pres-
ent, be entered on the Journal." I know not how
it is ;n this body, but in the other branch this has
been construed to give a right to one-fifth of the
members to demand the yeas and nays, even after
