1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
by him as special agent appointed to examine and report
upon the subject of land tales in California.
NOTICE OF A BILL,
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or at some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a joint resolution in relation to the use
of water-rotted hemp in the navy of the United
States.
BLACK iVARRIOR RIVER PLANK ROAD.
Mr. CLEMENS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the corporation of the city of Tuscaloosa to con-
vey a part of the margin of the Black Warrior
river to a plank road company; which having
been read a first and second time by its title,
Mr. CLEMENS said: Mr. President, I ask a
farther suspension of the rule for the purpose of
putting1 this bill upon its passage. It is a matter
which concerns no one beyond the limits of Ala-
bama. In 1824 the Congress of the United States
granted certain lota or commons, on the margin of
the Black Warrior river, to the city of Tusca-
loosa, with a reservation that they should be held
for the use and benefit of the citizens, in per-
petuity, and that the corporate authorities should
have no power to lease or sell them. A charter
has been granted to a plank road company, and it
is proposed to make the Warrior river at Tusca-
loosa its terminus. This bill simply gives to the
city of Tuscaloosa the right to lease sufficient
ground to enable them to establish, a warehouse
and landing at that point.
The bill wns then considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. KING. I trust there will be no objection
to the passage of this bill. The margin of this
river belongs to the corporation of Tuscaloosa. It
is not intended by this bill to sell, but merely to
lease it to this plank road company, whose road
will penetrate the mineral regions, coal being
found above it, and iron ore in abundance. It is
necessary to go through these lots down to where
the water is navigable, because, if they cannot
get a depot there, the object of building the road
will be defeated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I perceive that there is
no limitation in the bill as to the length of time the
lease is to be granted. There ought to be some
limit—say twenty or thirty years, or make it nine
hundred and ninety-nine years, if you please,
which would in effect be equivalent to a perpetual
sale.
Mr. KING. We can, I am sure, trust the
Town Council of Tuscaloosa not to do anything
that will injure the interests of the United States.
I do not know how long the*plank road will be
kept up; but the moment it ceases, the reservation
.will revert to the United States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If there are any reser-
vations on behalf of the Government, of which 2
am perfectly ignorant, they should be stated in
the bill; fori perceive that this bill proposes to
grant an unlimited lease, which will be equiva-
lent to a sale in perpetuity. I therefore made the
suggestion, ignorant as I was of the original res-
ervation, if any; for I thought it might be proper
to put some restriction upon this grant. It may
seem an interference on my part with the local
concerns of this place, but I merely throw out
this suggestion, because I am ignorant of what
interest the Government of the United States has
in this matter. It seems to me it would have been
better to have referred the subject to some stand-
ing committee, so that it may be investigated.
There being no amendment offered, the bill was
reported back to the Senate, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
THE SELECT COMMITTEE OF THIRTEEN.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] to refer the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
and of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] to
a committee of thirteen.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the first
question to be on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, a modification of which by Mr.
Clay he had accepted.
The amendment, as originally proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, was in these words:
Prodded, That nothing in the motion shall be construed
so as to affirm the existence of any power in Congresa over
the lour following points :
1. The abolition of slavery within the States.
2. The suppression of the slave trade between the States.
3. The abolition of slavery within the forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, and navy-yards of' the United States.
4. The abolition ot slaveiy in the District oi Columbia.
The Senator from Kentucky proposed to amend
so that it should read—
Provided That nothing in the reference shall be so con-
strued as to assert or imply the existence of any power
whatever in Congress for the abolition by Congtess of
slavery within the States; nor to authorize the suppression
by Congress of the sldve tiade between the States; nor that
Congress ought to abolish slavery in the forts, arsenals,dock-
yards and navy-yard  ot the United States ; nor that Congress
ought to abolish slavery in the Eistuct of Columbia.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I desire to offer
an amendment to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, it will be recollected by
the Senate that the Senator from Missouri pro-
posed an amendment, when this subject was last
before the Senate, to ie3trict the committee m its
consideration of these resolutions to thirteen topics,
which are enumerated in his motion; and that I
afterwards moved an amendment to that amend-
ment, which the Senator from Missouri accepted.
Therefore, the amendment as it now stands is the
one which I proposed to modify, and which the
Senator from Missouri has accepted. I now wish
to propose an amendment to the proposition as
modified by the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment which I now propose is to
strike out all the propositions of the Senator from
Missouri, after the word " provided," and insert
the following:
"That the Senate does not deem it necessary to express
or advance any opinion, or to give any instructions, either
general or specific, lor the guidance ot the said committee."
Mr. President, I will make a single remark.
The amendment of the Senator from Missouri, as
it now stands, proposes to declare that Congress
possesses no power upon certain subjects therein
mentioned. Such a declaration on the part of the
Senate, it seems to me, is wholly unnecessary, as
the Senate would, by a unanimous voice, declare
the belief that Congress has no power to abolish
slavery in the several States, and so forth. 1
think it, therefoie, useless as it at piesent stands;
and I propose this amendment, declaring that the
Senate does not deem it necessary, in advance, to
express any opinion or give any instructions what-
ever to the committee. I hope the amendment
may be adopted.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, the amend-
ment which is called that of the Senator from
Missouri is the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky himself, which was accepted by the
Senator from Missouri on Thursday last in a
spirit of compromise. The Senator from Ken-
tucky now proposes to amend his own amendment
by rubbing H all out. Why, sir, I will withdraw
it, and fall back upon my own original amend-
ment, which I will undertake to get through, if I
can, and i will call for the yote upon each point.
1 withdraw that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri having been with-
drawn, the amendments to that amendment fall
with it.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I now offer
my own amendment—
" Provided, That nothing in this reference shall be con-
strued to authorize the said committee to Like into consid-
eration anything that relates to either ot the tour following
subjects :
" 1. The abolition of slavery within the States.
" -2 The suppression of the slavp trade between the
States.
" 3. The abolition of slavery within the forts, arsenal*,
dock-yaids, and navy yaids ol the United States.
" 4. The abolition ot slavery in the District ol Columbia.
"•And provided Jurthcr, That said committee shail not
take into consideration any questions relating to the subject
ol domestic slavery in the United Mates which shall not be
specially retened to them by ordei of the Senate."
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I now move my
amendment, as just now proposed, to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri. Strike out
all after the word "provided," and insert the fol-
lowing:
*£ That the Senate does not deem it necessary to express
in advance any opinion, or to give any instructions, either
general or specific, tor the guidance or" the said committee."
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that the two
amendments are in conflict. Do I understand that
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky is
to be a substitute for the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Missouri ?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. I rise with great reluctance
and deference to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, who is confessedly one of the feest skilled
parliamentarians, and perhaps is equal in that
respect to any in America or Europe—I say, it
is with great deference that I would suggest that
he is not proceeding parliamentary, when he
offers such a resolve as that is, and calls it an
amendment. I do not think it can come under
the name, style, or description of an amendment
at all. The object of it can be attained in a par-
liamentary way by voting down the proposition I
have submitted. An amendment is to improve a
thing, to make it better; but here is a design to
obtain a resolution from the Senate declaring that
they will not act upon the subject at all. Now,
Mr. President, it is my intention, before we go
into the question of amendments, in consequence
of what was communicated yesterday as to the
absence of a portion of the Senate on Monday
next, to bring a motion before the Senate, which i
communicated yesterday. Half a dozen Senators
are to be absent by order of the Senate, and it fol-
lows of course that no question m which the
States they represent are interested will be taken
up during that time. If half a dozen members of
the Senate go away on Monday on a mission that
must keep them away one or two weeks, it will be
one week or two weeks—no one can tell how
long—before anything that concerns California
can again be taken up in the Senate. Now, we
have three days and a half of this week to work
in, and, during these three days and a half, it
seems to me that what concerns California can be
disposed of one way or the other, and before these
gentlemen go away that State will have a decision
upon her application for admission, if anything
is done which prevents a decision upon her ap-
plication, it stands over for one or two weeks
more, in addition to the eight weeks which have
already elapsed since the President communicated
his message with the constitution of California.
It is my desire, Mr. President, after having lost
eight weeks, to avoid the loss of two more, which
will be a dead loss, because we cannot touch the
subject during that time, and all of us are suffi-
ciently acquainted with what happens in parlia-
mentary bodies, when anything is laid down for
two weeks and gets cold. When you take it up
again, you take it up de novoy and give us a re-
hash of everything that has been said before, with
the addition of as much more as has been thought
of in the mean time. To proceed m away which
will not bring the Senate to a decision upon the
admission ot California this week, is to make a
dead loss of two more weeks, to be followed by
as many more weeks as the discussion may last.
I feel it to be my duty, in consequence of what
was communicated to the Senate yesterday, and
have made up my mind accordingly, to move, be-
fore we enter into the question of the committee,
to take up the bill No. 169, reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories, for the admission of the
State of California. 1 deem it my duty to make
that motion, upon the belief that, having had this
subject upon our hands, m some shape or other,
since the meeting of the Senate in December—after
having had the question of the admission of Cali-
fornia, in some shape, upon our minds the whole
of that time, we shall be able, in the three or four
remaining days of this week, to act upon it in one
way or another, if our action is confined to that
bill, and nothing else.
Now, sir, 1 will read that bill, and let the Senate
see how brief and to the point it is, and how com-
prehensive are the points which the bill contains.
They are these, sir: That the State of California
shall be and she is hereby declaied to be one of
the United States of America, on an equal footing
with the original States in all respects whatever.
That is the whole bill, as far as it respects the
admission of California, and it is drawn in plain
terms, according to the early precedents of our
Government. The number of words is about the
same as those used in the time of Washington, in
the cases of Vermont, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
Then just about the same number of terms were
employed, and the same identical questions were
presented. That is all that relates to the admission
of the State. Then the second section of the bill,
which might be here or anywhere else, provides
that, until the representation in Congress shall be
apportioned according to the enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, the State of Cali-
fornia shall be entitled to two representatives ia
Congress.
