752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
Sir, from there to there is the whole bill—not
half a span by my hand, which is not a iarjrespan
either. Now, sir, it is my opinion—and I shall
make a motion to that effect, and asfc the yeas and
nays upon it—that if the Senate will lay down the
motion Which is now b fore them, and postpone
other streets, and proceed to the consideration of
thi* biil for the admission of California, we can
finish it this week, while we have the benefit of the
presence of those gentlemen who will be absent next
week,'undcr tbe order of the Senate. We shall save
a great deal of time, beanies doing what m proper
in itself with regard to this subfectj that is, to-ad-
mit California as a separate measure. If, on the
contrary, Mr. President, this motion shall not pre-
vail,and we go on with the motion for raising a com-
mittee, there will be sometime mevitably taken up
by the consideration of that motion,and afterthdt is
decided^ the committee of thirteen will necessarily
be required by the imposing gravity of their mission,
to consider it some lengih of time before they report.
I>r. Franklin, sir, in his wisdom—and his wisdom
was such that it picked out whatever was wise or
even decorous in the conduct of nations or individ-
uals—relates on anecdote of an Indian chief, who,
when called upon to sign a treaty of peace,considered
it disrespectful to answer any propositions which
were made to him till the next dag, in order that he
mixht e^em, at least, to have considered the ques-
tion. On the principle of the action of this Indian
fihief, who took one ni >ht to seem to consider a
question which he was to decide upon, this com-
mittee of thirteen, acting under such impressive
circumstances, with nothing less than the salvation
of the Union in us hands, will have to consider
many nights before they can come hack and tell
us they have performed the duty which the Senate
gave them. If they return incontinently, the
Senate may suppose they had not considered it at
all*, or, what might be supposed much more ma-
terial, that they had considered it beforehand, and
thai it therefore was a solemn farce to go out and
come back with what, m the vernacular, had been
" cut and dried1' beforehand. They must consider;
they are obliged to consider a week, perhaps two
or three weeks, under such grave circumstances as
they will be placed in. Here, then, is to be a great
deal of hst time, if the proposed committee is
raised. This week is gone beyond all question;
and the committee will need that, and perhaps all
the time while others may be ab«sent, to consider.
Any attempt, then, Mr. President, to go on and
raise a committee, I consider us a postponement of
the question for weeks, and then to stand the
change of being brought forward incumbered with
questions which do not belong to it, mid which
must necessarily give ine to debate here, and pos-
sibly a disagreement between the two Houses;
and this long delay may result in the loss of the
California btli by the disagreement between the
two Houses. I see nothing, sir, but long delay
arid imminent danger to the California bill, by pro-
ceeding any further with this motion to refer to a
commmee. We have no need of it; we have the
bill here, brief, pointed, exactly in the words in
which the bills in all such cases were introduced in J
the early part of our history. 1 shall, thtrefore, 1
make the motion which I intended to make yester- '
day, that when the question shall betaken up this j
day, before the pending amendment is gone into, !
to lay the subject of raising a committee on the S
table, for the purpose of taking up the bill No. 169, 1
for the admission of the State of California, and
upon that motion \ ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the honorable Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his motion for a moment.
Air. BENTON. Oh, certainly, certainly; any-
thing in a spirit of compromise, except the com-
promising of California away.
Mr. CLAY. With respect to the parliamentary
objection made by the Senator from Missouri to
my amendment, if he chooses to present that ob-
jection in form, I am ready to meet u. The amend- ,
ment was drawn after the fullest consideration that .
1 could nive to any possible question of form that '
militarise. |
I pass that by, sir. It is a most unhappy non-
concurrence for poor California between the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri and myself. He
wants California admitted. So do I. He regrets :
the lapse of nine before her admission can take 'I
place. So do i. But it is a little singular that
the honorable Senator himself—I must say it, in
all respeet and deference—ia one of the causes
which prolong the admission of California into the
Union. Sir, 1 made a proposition to that Senator
on Friday last, 1 think, which 1 will renew to-
day. Let this committee be appointed without
further opposition; which opposition, I think,
will be found to be wholly unavailing, and to be
productive of no consequence but that of an ad-
ditional consumption of time. Let opposition to
the appointment of the committee be Withdrawn;
■let the committee be raised; let the bill for the ad-
mission of California be reported and acted upon
in the Senate. Sir, when taken up, 1 have alread y
intimated the purpose, which I shall not abandon,
to propose as an amendment to that bill provisions
to give territorial governments to the two new ter-
ritories without the Wilmot proviso. But, sir,
short as that bill is, not occupying more space
than the honorable Senator's hand, does he sup-
pose that bill is going to pass in the shape in
which it is, even supposing the rejection of my
proposition ? He talks about early precedents,
if he means to refer to eai.ly precedents for the
admission of new States, we shall violate all of
them if California be admitted. For how were
they admitted, from Ohio upward, but by the pas-
sage of a pievious law pioposing certain articles
of compact to the new States, which were to be
assented to by a convention of the people of the
new States, and brought here in the shape of a
compact, binding and obligatory forever upon both
parties? How is it wnh California? Why, upon
the subject of the public domain and the rights of
the United Slates in California, if the bill were
to pass m that little, brief space, which the hon-
orable Senator has read and exhibited to the Sen-
ate, the consequence will be the loss of the public
domain in California. 1 know my honorable
friend from Illinois, who has seen this objection
to the bill, has turned his attention to it, and 1
hope be will add to the valuable labors he has ren-
dered the country and the Senate by proposing a
suitable provision to piotect the rights and in-
terests of the United Slates in California. But if
Califoi nia be admitted at all, she "can only be ad-
mitted by annexing the condition to the act for her
admission, that nothing in that act shall contra-
vene or impair the rights of the United Stales in
the public domain. 1 confess that, although I
have rather brought my mind to her admission,
upon ti.e condition of the reseivation of the rights
of the Unnetl States in California, 1 do not think
it quite equal to what it would be if it were a
solemn compact between the people of California
and the United States before it was admitted.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator talks of the
| delay which will ensue if the California bill be
not now taken up and acted upon, as a com-
mittee will in a tew days depart upon a mel-
ancholy occasion, and prubably be absent about
two weeks. He thinks we may get through with
this in two or three days. Let all opposition to
the appointment of the committee be withdrawn;
let it be appointed; then we can take up the Cali-
fornia bill and act upon it. So that, really, 1 say,
without any intentional disrespect towards the
Senator from Missouri, that he is prolonging the
admission of California in thus continuing to op-
pose the appointment of this committee.
Sir, let us look at all the facts connected with
this matter. Suppose it were practicable to pass
a bill for the admission of California with suitable
guards and protection to the public property; sup-
pose itweie practicable to pass it this week; why,
then, we must turn our attention to the condition
of things in the other House. The passage of a
bill through the Senate, for the admission of Cali-
fornia, does not admit California. It must first,
have the concurrence of the coordinate blanch of
the National Legislature, and another coordinate
department of the Government. If we are to
judge of the future by the past, I should be very
happy to be perfectly assured that the other branch
of the Legislature will be in a condition to trans-
act the public business two weeks hence. If they
consume anything like the amount of time in
electing an officer to supply the place of the la-
mented individual who has died, as they did in
organizing at first, it may he weeks before that
body will even he prepared to act upon any bill,
i am willing to give California a chance without
our consuming nme. It is so much waste of time,
sir, to object to the committee. Let opposition to
the committee cease. Let its fate be decided. If
the Senate decide against it, there will be an end
to it. But if there be a majority in favor of it, no
dilatory proceedings, no parliamentary proceed-
ings, no attempt to thwart the will of a majority
of this Senate, (and I hope no such attempt will
be made, and I charge no one with, making it,)
will, I trust, finally prevail. Let us then go to
work and act like men, talk less and act more, and
decide upon the question, and after that, take up
the bill for the admission of Californjft. That is
my view of what we should do.
Mr. BENTON. I propose the point of my ob-
jection, if there be any point in it, to his specious
amendment. My objection to it is, that it is a
resolve to govern the conduct of the Senate; that
it is an independent resolve to govern the conduct
of the Senate. It has nothing to do with the busi-
ness which is included in the motion. It is simply
a resolve which can be introduced and considered
by itself—a resolve, I repeat, to govern the con-
duct of the Senate in their action upon a certain
casie. In that point of view, it seems to me that
what is called an amendment is not an amend-
ment, but an independent resolve.
But the Senator from Kentucky makes a propo-
sition, or renews one made yesterday, and, in his
extreme good nature, supposes that all parts of the
Senate are in the most amicable temper possible.
It is nothing more nor less than that a jury should
go out with the case, and after the jury has gone
out with it, the counsel and advocates may pro-
ceed to argue it. That is his proposition, and
whether the case is sent to a jury of twelve or
thirteen, makes no difference. The jury of thir-
teen is to go out in this case. Sir, it is nothing
more nor less than a proposition to send a jury
out with the case, and we have been sufficiently
advertised of the fact that that jury is to consist of
the distinguished and leading members of the Sen-
ate. These distinguished and leading gentlemen
will go out, and will deliberate upon the case, and
while they are deliberating, why, the remainder 
thosa perhaps who would necessarily fall into the
category of led members—may be amusing them-
selves—with discussing the subject and presenting
their views; and, whenever the jury of thirteen
shall have made up their verdict, they wi:l come
in, and whoever may happen to be upon his feet
at the moment, will have to take his seat, and will
be cut off exactly where he stood; the delivery of
the verdict putting an end to the whole case he is
arguing. This is rather a new proceeding in the
Senate of the United States, and I object to the
idea of sending out a jury with a case, and leav-
ing other Senators here to arjjue it.
The Senator from Kentucky, sir, charges me
with occasioning alkthe oelay in the admission of
California. And how do I occasion it ? By resist-
ing a motion to send this question to a committee.
Have I not a right to do lhat? If I have no right
to do it, it is a question of order, which the Chair
may decide; and if it is decided that 1 have no right,
1 will sit down at once. But while 1 have a pailia-
mentary right to proceed in a certain way, all
efforts to deter me from proceeding, by throwing
on me the blame of obstructing business, will be
of no aiail. But this is no novelty. We have
great examples for throwing the blame of being
promoters of disturbances upon those who are in-
nocent. I believe, Mr. President, there were never
more professions made in favor of peace, there
were never more encomiums delivered upon peace,
nor ever greater sentiments of devotion to peace
uttered or profe.-sed by any being upon the face of
the earth, than were uttered by him who was the
greatest of warriors—the great emperor. He was
always for peace; how, then, came he to be al-
ways in war? Because, when his armies entered
a country, the people would resist, and that made
war, and made him a disturber of the peace which
he was so auxious to preserve. That is exactly
the way the great emperor got the name of being
a disturber of the peace-—the people would resist
when his armies entered their country. All that
he asked of them was to submit; all that he
asked was, that they should be quietj and let
his aimies move over their country. They had
come for their good, and perhaps for something
else. Yes, sir, when one of the ladies that George
1. brought from Hanover, and afterwards made a
duchess, was once passing through the streets of
London, she was hooted at, if not pelted; and when
for the purpose of pacifying the mob, she declared
she had come for their "g-oots," meaning their
good, one of the populace replied readily,supposing
