1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
u provided^ That no mineral lands shall be located or
granted under the provisions of thi-s act "
I presume it was intended to grant agricultural
and not mineral lands. 1 propose to have it come
in at the end of the section.
Mr. FELCH. The last section of the bill is
precisely iike that amendment, except that it is a
little broader. It is—
"That no mincrallands, norlands reserved for salines,
shall he liable to any claim under and by virtue of the pro-
visions of this act."
Mr. YUJLbiE. I do not understand that to be
a provision covering the same class of cases as my
amendment relates to. If the Senator will look
at the provision of the law, he will find it makes
provision for a class of claims which have been
retained under the name of grants m this act. The
provision of the committee in the bill has reference
to those claims. Now, the amendment which I
propose has reference to grants which we now
make, and not to existing claims. At all events,
if the proposition of the committee is the same,
they can have no objection to this amendment,
because it will cover the whole case.
Mr. BRIGrHT. To save time, 1 hope the
amendment may be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to offer two amend-
ments to this bill. I move to strike out, in the
fourth section and fourteenth line, the words" three
hundred and twenty," and insert in lieu thereof
the words ** oae hundred and sixty." And also
in the same section, to strike out in the eighteenth
line the words " six hundred and forty,and in-
sert in lieu thereof the words " eight hundred."
My object, Mr. President, is to give to those
settlers who were in Oregon prior to the passage of
this act eight hundred acres of land, and to the
settlers hereafter, and prior to the year 1853, as 1
think the bill is now amended, one hundred and
sixty acres of land. The reason is obvious. If
there be any just claim to this grant on the part of
any settlers, it is on the part of those who first settled
the Oregon Territory. I think thegivingof dona-
tions of land now, for the purpose of inducing fur-
thersetilements in that Territory, will fail to secure
the object. It is a well-known fact that a common
Jaboier in the Territory of Oregon gets at this time
higher wages than anywhere else, except it be in
California. A field hand gets four dollars a day,
and the commonest mechanic gets eight dollars a
day, and everything in that Territory hears a pro-
portion to that. Then there is no necessity to hold
out any inducement to new settleis, in the shape of
land, in order to lead them to go to Oregon. The
time was when this necessity did exist, and when
this Government failed to hold out that induce-
ment. If there ever was a time when it was the
duty of the Government to hold outan inducement
to settle there, it was when our title to the Territory
was in dispute with the British Government. But
that time has passed. The early settlers of Ore-
gon, from 1842 up to the date of the treaty of
Washington, are those who deserve the favor and
bounty of this Government. There was a reason
and there is a reason why they should receive
eight hundred acres of land, i would be willing
myself to double it; and then they would not be
compensated for the trials that they underwent and
the privations they endured. But now, when the
Tenitory of Oregon is settled in part, when all
these dangers have been surmounted, when, as I
observed before, inducements to go there are greater
than they are to go to any other place on earth,
except perhaps California, where is the necessity
or reason for 'holding out this inducement of three
hundred and twenty acres of land? The induce-
ments aside from that are ample. But, in defer-
ence to the views of my friends, I am willing to
grant them one hundred and sixty acres, as my
amendment proposes, and that there may be no
less land gu en away, I propose to add what is
deducted fiom this amount to the quantity to be
given to the old settlers in the Territory of Oregon,
w ho deserve it.
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment, to strike out "three hundred and twenty"
and insert "one hundred and sixty," and a^divis-
ion being had, there were—ayes 17, noes 25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ATCHISON. I still insist that the ques-
tion be taken on my motion to add one hundred
and sixty acres to the six hundred and forty, so
as to make the grant to the old settlers eight hun-
dred acres.
The question was then taken upon the second
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would inquire whether the
question may not be taken on the adoption of all
the amendments proposed in committee at one
time.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no desire to
have them separated, the vote can be taken on all
the amendments at once.
There being no objection, the question was ta-
ken, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WALKER. I offer an amendment to the
bill, which is to add to the end of it several addi-
tional sections. I desire it may be read.
Mr. BADGER. I hope there is no necessity
for reading that amendment. It has been long
before the Senate in a printed form, and I believe
Senators are all well acquainted with its provis-
ions.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order, and
that is, that I think the amendment is not germane
to the bill under consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is ger-
mane to the bill. It is in relation to the disposi-
tion of the public lands in Oregon.
The amendment is as follows:
Sec. —. Be it enacted, S,-c., That the public land? of the
United States, not reserved tor forts, arsenals, dock-yards,
navy-yards, or other needful building*, or special purposes,
or appropriated for other special uses, except such as are
known to contain mines of the precious or gross metal*, or
precious stones, he, and the same are hereby, ceded and
granted to the several and respective States in which thp
same do lie: Provided,howeier, That none of the said lands j
shall vest in either of the said States until ihe Legislature I
thtreof shall provide hy law and enact the followins provis- j
ions and stipulations, to operate, and be deemed and taken i
a<5 a solemn and inviolable compact between such Slate and j
the Government of the United States, to wit: :
First. That such State will grant a'id convey the land, so j
ceded to it, to actual occupants only, of die land to be con- j
veyed, in a quantity, to each occupant, not exceeding one i
hundred and sixty acie«, or a quarts section,as near as may ;
he, for the cor>t ot survey, trimmer. ;md procuring mum- i
ments ot title merely, not exceeding, in each ca-se, the
snni of five dollars : Such occupant in every ca«e to be a 1
citizen of the United States, or a person who has declared
his or her intention to become such, according *o the laws
of the United Stales, the head of a family, or having readied
the age of twenty-one years; and in each case a person
who is not the owner of other land in the United States, the
quantity of which, together with that to be granted, would
exceed one hundred and sixty acres or less, as the quantity
mav he limited by such State.
Second. That the land so to be granted to any such occu-
pant -shall be and remain forever exempt from forced sale,
extent, or levy, on execution or decree, fiom or by an* court ,
of law or equity.
Third. That .uiv such grantee, hi- heirs, devisee?, or gran-
tee*, shall be forever prohibited from ahenatms? or convey- !
ins the land, oi any part thereof, >o to hint granted, to anv :
person or corporation winch owns or would therein be- i
come the owner of more land than the quantity hnri-'d bv |
such State as aforesaid ; and, if a married man, w thorn !
the voluntary consent of the wife given in the deed of con- ,
veyance.
Fourth That such State will require the occupano afire-
said to be manifested by an actual residence upon, and cul-
tivation of, a part of the land to be conveyed, for at lea-tone
year previous to any conveyance to sue!) oecupmi. which
residence and cnltn ation, with the other requisite* of n
crantee as aforesaid, --hall he proved, by the oath or affirma-
tion of two credible Witnesses, before come\mice
Fifth. That mu h Slate will reserve one -icetion for «chool
and one section for village purports, lis near a* may be to
the centre of each township. The section so reserved for
village purposes, to be lard ont into building lots, park-s, and
public grounds, the budding lots to be granted to actual oc-
cupants only, not exceeding one lot to each, in the same
manner and on the same conditions as the agricultural lands
are to be <nanted : Provided, That the same individual shall j
in no ca«e receive a grant of both a village lot and asricul- j
tural land : And -provided, also, That if there shall he impor-
tant water-power m any town-hip, the reservation ofone«rc-
tmn for village purposes may be so made as to embrace such
water-power, and winch water-power mav be so improved
for the use of the village and neighborhood, as the State mav
provide or direct.
Sfc.2. Awl be it further enacted, That a= «oon a« practi-
cable after the Pie>ident shall have been officially notified
tfiat anv or either of the <aid St <tes ha* made the provision*
and stipulations aforesaid, it -hall be hi= dnrv to <-au ;e i > be
made o t, and properly certified, copies of all treaties maps,
plats, records, *urve\s, field notes, or other inurnment* or
evidences of title to the land in such Stale-, and to toi ward
1 the «ame to the marshal of the proper Stare, w ho*e dut\ it
^ shall be 'o deliver the same to the Governor of such State,
upon receiving, for the u-e of the United State*, the eo*t of
' transcribing and making such copies, and the transmission
: thereof as aforesaid.
! Sec. 3 Avd he it further enrcUd, That fiom and after the
' delivery of such copies a> aforesaid, all acts tn Congie** in-
consistent with or repugnant to this act shall stand and be
repealed; and all right, title, and interest of the United
States to and in the said lands shall cease, and tne same shall
vest in such State.
; Mr. WALKER. I simply wish to say that I
offered to the bill ceitain restrictions with regard
to these grants. Some gentlemen objected, saying
that it was not the right time, and that they were
ready to grant lands to the settlers of the country
under proper restrictions, and when the subject
could be brought before the Senate at a proper
time. That bill has been published and repub-
lished many thousand times, it has been can-
vassed both by the press and the people; and I
have not in any newspaper seen a single objection
urged against it, while I have seen many papers
which accord it a large amount of approbation. I
hope, now that this bill is before the Senate in re-
lation to Oregon, that this will not be deemed an
improper time to make these limitations and re-
strictions. It is true that I have an independent
bill of this kind before the Senate, and I had hoped
to have a vote upon it this session, but I despair
of getting that vote now. I therefore offer this
amendment to the bill, not with a view to strike at
the objects of the bill so far as it relates to Oregon,
but to'be added to it. I offer it to add to it the
, provisions of the bill which I offered in relation to
i other States. Gentlemen will now, therefore, have
I an opportunity of giving to the country their opin-
| ion in regard to this matter.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow, in order
that the Senate may proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
Several Senators. " No, no, no; take a vote
on the bill."
Mr. WALKER. I hope the Senator will not
persist in that motion.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes I shall; for I am not will-
ing to sit here and see this bill made an omnibus
to carry every kind of bill.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
j pone, it was not agreed to.
1 Mr. WALKER. 1 do not propose to inter-
fere any further with thi? bill. My only object
' was to get a vote on the amendment I have offered,
and I ask the Senate to give me the yeas and nays,
'i Mr. FOOTE, Let me appeal to the Senator
■ from Wisconsin to withdraw that call. There
; are many gentlemen who favor the policy of that
amendment, who will be compelled to vote against
it as offered to this bill. They will undoubtedly
regard it as unreasonable. If, therefore, my
friend from Wisconsin cherishes a proper regard
for his own legislative offspring, he will not en-
danger its existence at this time by asking for the
. yeas and nays. I do hope that he will withdraw
^ his amendment, and offer it at some more appro-
: priate time, when it may be more matured, and
i more deliberately acted upon.
I Mr. WALKER. I prefer to take the question
1 now. If it should be rejected as an amendment,
it will not destroy the measure. It is pending as
j an independent bill. I hope the Senate will grant
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOOTE. It is quite possible that the voting
on this question may l<e misconstiued, and that a
question to which many gentlemen attach much
importance has been deliberately voted down by
; the American Senate. I hope, therefore, that my
friend will yet withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot withdraw it. I
I am opposed to this partial legislation. If the
I land is to go to the settlers of the country, let it go
' to the whole of them. That is my doenme, and
i i intend to stand by it.
! Mr. MANGUM. I consider this a very im-
! poitant question, applying to the whole domain of
the United Stales, although, ui the growing state of
' the country, I do not consider it woith the flip of
a finger in reg.ud to the Treasury. 1 hope the
yeas and nays will be accorded to the Senator, so
that we may see whether gentlemen will vote to
£ive away without consideration, without argu-
ment, the entire public lands of the United Sia'.ts.
I am no candidate for the Presidency, and I shall
therefore vote against it.
1 Mr. BUTLER.. As to the public lands, we all
know that theie is a certain po'tior. of (he Slates
winds, whiic they are nominally owners of them,
never have the \alpe of a do,liar of them given to
them- Now, as tins is to be a trial of the speed
of the irenlleman's horse, I think we may as we'll
I test the matter now as at any other time.
1 The yas am! nays being ordered, the question
.: was taken on the amendment, with the following
result:
i1 YE *S—Messrs. Hedge of Wisconsin, St ward, aid
Waikei—3.
