THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1850.
New Series No. 48.
that goods were meant, "and for our chattels, ;
too." And so of the great emperor; he entered j
ail those countries for (lie good of the people, and j
for their chattels also; and, as they did not choose !
to have good performed for them in that way, war
was the result. They resisted, and thereby made
. war, and made the emperor a disturber of the
peace, lover of peace as he was.
In the same identical manner, Mr. President,
with a parallelism which has been drawn here
somewhat too close for a parody, the Senator ;
from Kentucky charges me with delaying the ad- •
mission of California, because I resist where I i
have a right to resist; and more than that, where |
I hold it to be my duty to resist, and where { am j
sustained by sixty years of uninterrupted legislation j
of the two Houses of Congress. Sir, three times |
Washington, the Father of his Country, sent in ;
^messages for the admission of new States, pre- j
cisely under the same circumstances as those under .
which President Taylor sent in a message in this |
case. Tennessee, Kentucky, and Vermont, were .
all admitted precisely under these circumstances, !
and upon the ptesentation of messages precisely !
like this. Five other States were admitted after- j
wards, under the same circumstances, and by j
messages of the Presidents of the time in which i
those States were admitted, making eight in the j
whole, being as near half as eight can be of seven-
teen. 1 am doing what has been done for sixty 1
years. Every State that has been admitted for
sixty years has been admitted m a bill by itself,
except in one single case, and then two were put !
together in the same bill. Two States applied for
admission at the same time, and had no more !
right than California now has, for they made their i
constitutions for themselves, without the previous |
authority of Congress. I am doing what 1 have ;
a right to do, what 1 feel it to be my duty to do, ■
what sixty years of legislation justifies me in !
doing; and while this is the case, it will be lost
labor to undertake to scare me off the track by
saying that I am obstructing legislation on the
subject.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky has said
■on several occasions, and lepeated it again here
to-day, that California will come in sooner if all
these subjects be taken together, exciting as they
appear. Come in sooner! Now, it is hard for
me to conceive that the Senator has an insight
into this matter which I have not. Though I pro-
fess to be able, when I have a view of things, to
see as far into a millstone as he that picks it, yet I
cannot see the pickers here. The Senator from
Kentucky undertakes to say that these things will
go on, and California will come in sooner, if she
is mixed up with all these foreign questions—
foreign to her certainly. Now, he certainly un-
derstands what he says. I do not. I do not
understand why one subject, complicated with aft
immense number of others, is to go faster than it
could go by itself. There may be a question in
this, as to the public lands. I here repeat what i
said the other day, that when the question of the
admission of the State is up before the Senate, it
will be proper to discuss the question of admission,
and then I shall expect the Senator from Illinois,
who has reported tins bill, to satisfy me and the
.Senate upon this point. It will be sufficient time
to discuss that, when we come to discuss the bill.
The supposition is, that the bill is to go faster
when complicated and loaded with all these sub-
jects than it can go alone. There is something in
that which is inexplicable to me. 1 know there is
an idea, which may be called vernacular, prevalent
in some parts of the country, that a horse can pull
stronger if he has a weight upon his back, and I
have often seen large packs with two or three
bushels of grain upon a horse's back while he was
straining every nerve in pulling a load up hill.
The argument was, that it kept the backbone
straight, and enabled him to draw directly against
the centre of every joint. [Laughter.] That was
done in the case of drawing; but this js a case of
running. California has to run, and as it seems
to me she has to run the gauntlet and a long line.
1 never heard it supposed that a horse ran faster
48
for having a load upon his back; but when we
come to look at what is proposed to California,
' we shall find she has not only three hundred
' pounds upon her back, but we shall have a hun-
dred pounds to tie to each leg, and still a pretty
1 considerable weight to tie to the tail- I should
: like to see how California would run with three
; hundred pounds upon hrr back, and a hundred to
i each leg, and fifty pounds to the tail. It vdill be a
; strange thing for the people of California to learn
, that, in the opinion of the American Senate, their
State is to run faster precisely in proportion as she
I is loaded down.
1 I have been occupied, Mr. President, wholly
; with the preliminary question of laying this reso-
lution upon the table, and postponing it3 consider-
1 ation for the purpose of taking up the California
bill. I am not arguing the admission of California;
I have not got to that. I am not arguing the
; motions which will be made to amend the motion
• to send out this committee; much less, sir, am f
! arguing the question of such a committee at all.
; All these things are in advance of what I want.
: All that I want, as I have made known, is to put
| this in a shape which will admit of no dispute.
I The question is now as to the delay, the almost
i indefinite delay, with the chance of eventually
j losing the admission between the two Houses.
1 We have now three full days remaining of this
1 week, and I think, if we proceed, we can in these
1 three days come to a decisive vote on the California
. bili, and in doing that, we shall have washed our
i hands and done our duty; and it will then be for
the House of Representatives to do their duty, a
I thing with which we have nothing to do.
i Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Piesident, when the ob-
; jection was raised the other day, by the Senator
! from Alabama, that if the bill reported by the
Committee on Territories was passed, all the public
I lands within the limits of that State would be lost
: to the Government, would belong to the State of
] California, I promised the Senate that when that
, bill should be taken up, 1 would vindicate the bill
entirely from all apprehensions on that score; and
;] that, if 1 could not do it by argument, I would
!j certainly do it by amendment. I had hoped,
r therefoie, that ciiticisms upon that part of the bill
\ would have been deferred, and that the public
II mind would not have been prejudiced by'allusions
I; to that supposed defect, until the California bill
I; came up for consideration. It has, however, been
'! alluded to, and the high authority of the Senator
,. from Kentucky has been given to sanction the
! correctness of the opinion expressed by the Sena-
1 tor from Alabama.
; Sir, I hold myself entirely capable of removing
■ all apprehensions upon that point, on reference to
1 well-established authorities—a large number of
cases, forming such a current of authority, as I
, apprehend, that no one, after investigating the facts
i can question the correctness of the opinion which
i| I expressed. Sir, as a Senator from the State of
j! Illinois, I may rejoice if the Senator from Ken-
j: tucky, or the Senator from Alabama, would suc-
!' ceed in maintaining the position that they have
i; here assumed in regard to California. If that po-
ll sition be correct, I am prenared to show that this
i Government owes the State of Illinois nineteen
millions of dollars, for lands sold within that State,
' and that fifteen millions of acres of unsold lands,
j' held by the Government of the United States
within "the limits of that State, now belong to the
|i State of Illinois. Yes, sir,and.also that thisGov-
!, emment owes Ohio twenty millions, and owes In-
1 diana twenty-one millions; and other States large
! sums, to the amount of ninety odd millions ofdol-
: lars, for lands sold within those States, the money
! for wr.ich hss been received by this Government.
;! when the proceeds belonged to those States, if the
i position assumed by the honorable Senators from
; Alabama and Kentucky be correct.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a question of order.
| But if my friend from Illinois desires to make only
| a few remarks in vindication of his bill, i will cer-
!- tainly withdraw it. If, however, he designs ex-
\\ tending his remarks, I feel bound, as the proposer
l! of this resolution, to insist upon the point of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state the limit of my
remarks, and the Chair can then decide. I pro-
pose to extend my remarks just so far, and not
one iota further, than is necessary to reply to the
charge made by the Senator from Kentucky,
i Mr. FOOTE. I understood the honorable Sen*
| ator from Kentucky to throw out a simple sugges-
j tion, which may or may not have been in order,
I accompanied by the additional suggestion to the
I Senator from Illinois, which I thought in order.
Now, sir, my point of order ix, that it is not in
: order, on the question now before the Senate, to go
j into the discussion of the general question.
j The VICE PRESIDENT, ltis the opinion of
' the Chair that the remarks made by the Senator
; from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] were foreign to the
i question under consideration, and consequentiy
i out of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will refrain, then, from any
expression of opinion on the pointon which I was
proceeding to address the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senator from Il-
linois have liberty to proceed.
Mr. FOQJE. If he desires it, I will not inter-
pose any objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not desire the Senate to
depart from its usage on my account. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky was simply arguing a position,
with the best of motives, which I thought would
throw an imputation upon me as the chairman of
a committee. Hence I thought it my duty to my-
self and to my committee to vindicate the Califor-
nia bill from that imputation. And if the motion
of the Senator from Missouri prevails, I shall take
the floor and make that vindication. If not, I
shall feel bound to do it on this resolution, when
j the subject comes up in the course of debate.
1 Mr. FOOTE. I rise to make a personal expla-
! nation. I trust my friend from Illinois will unuer*
i stand that if I had not considered that he had
1 already combated with considerable effect the
| suggestions thrown out by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky and other Senators—if 1 had not
considered the war about even—I would not have
raised the point of order.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I wish to make a
i single remark. I certainly expressed no deliber-
I ately formed opinion whether the admission of
1 California, without any provision as to the dispo-
sition of the public lands of the United States in
that State, would prevent the United States from
holding the public domain there located. But, sir,
notwithstanding all that has been said, I shall
insist,as a precautionary measure,that some clause
be inserted declaring the retention by the Govern-
ment of the United States of the public lands in
California. Jt is not necessary, however, to go
into the discussion of the subject now. I trust
the honorable Senator from Illinois, at the proper
time, will enlighten us on the point. For myself,
I should be glad that the enactment of such a law
would not be necessary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would state to the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, that although 1 am
i prepared to show that it is unnecessary, yet, by-
i way of precaution, I am prepared to offer an
; amendment, which I hold in my hand, to remove
> every doubt on the subject. But I can show that
' such an amendment will not be necessary,
j Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, what is the
i question before the Senate?
! The VICE PRESIDENT The question is on
the motion to amend submitted by the Senator
: from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.]
i Mr. BENTON. I withdrew my motion to lay
1 this subject on the table, in order to give the Sen-
' ator from Kentucky an opportunity to say a few
1 words. Other Senators also embraced the oppor-
I tunity.
j Mr. BUTLER. I do not rise to make any re-
i marks. I merely wish to know whether the mo-
1 tion of the honorable Senator from Missouri, to
: take up the California bill alone, or the amend-
| ment offered by the Senator from Kentucky, be
I PeTheSV[CE PRESIDENT. There can be no
