m
1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
which are swamp lands and are also overflowed,
and which are thereby made unfit for cultivation.
I presume that whoever inserted this amendment
must have been familiar with the subject. It is
true that lands which are sometimes overflowed
are frequently of great value, and are often made
available for cultivation, and become plantations.
It may be that some one advised of this state of
things has suggested this amendment. I do not
know of any place to which this term "over-
flowed,''as understood by the Senator from Geor-
gia, could apply, except to the lower Mississippi,
and I know that the lands there are all taken up.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think the whole of this
subject lies within a very small compass. The
bill as amended by the House is intended to ac-
complish precisely what was desired by some Sen-
ators when the bill was before the Senate. The
only change is the employment of a different de-
scriptive term as applied to a certain class of lands.
There are two classes of lands. The term "swamp
lands" was used in the bill as it passed this body.
The House substituted another term, which em-
braced all the land unfit for cultivation and over-
flowed; all of which was before embraced in the
bill under other descriptive terms.\When the bill
went to the House, their attention was called to
the fact, by some of the officers in the Land Office,
that the term was not sufficiently definite, and the
consequence was that a new descriptive term was
substituted. The first amendment will embrace
all swamp lands, and the second those lands whi°h,
though not swamp lands, are yet overflowed so as
to be unfit for cultivation. All lands habitually
wet are termed swamp lands, and are no filed in
the notes of the surveyor at the time he takes his
notes. By these field notes they are clearly desig-
nated, by descriptive marks, as overflowed lands.
I hope the Senate will agree to concur in the
amendments, as they accomplish just what some
Senators desued to have done when the bill was
passed by the Senate.
Mr. BADliER. I think the Senator from Ar-
kansas is mistaken in supposing that objection is
taken to the phraseology substituted by the House.
The objection is not whether that is more or less
correct as a term to describe the land. The diffi-
culty is this: This bill is a present grant of certain
lands to the States. Now, does the bill ascertain
what lands are granted? The gentleman says that
they are swamp or overflowed lands. Who is to
say what are swamp or overflowed lands? This
is not for the purpose of making an arrangement
in order to provide for making grants of land here-
after, but it is a present grant of lands. Now, as
the bill passed the Senate, that grant was accom-
panied by certain specifications in one of the pub-
lic offices of the country, by which it might be
ascertained what were the lands granted. As the
bill comes from the House, ail this is left entirely
indefinite and uncertain, and there is no rule given
in the bill by which we can ascertain what is
granted to the States. Suppose the States make a
grant of some of these lands which pass to them
by this act of Congress. How is it to be ascer-
tained whether the land is of a character which
will authorize the State to make the grant? This
is a matter which will have to be determined by
testimony, and it will depend on the opinion of
witnesses whether the land belongs to the class
described by the bill. As we passed the bill, it
was only necessary to refer to the offices to find
out what was swamp land.
Mr. BELL. If I were to oppose this amend-
ment, it might be supposed that i did so on grounds
that were of a local and selfish character. I want
to appeal to my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] as he is a scientific man, to know what
will be the effect on some of the interests that I
represent on this floor if these amendments be con-
curred in. I ask his serious attention to it. Sir,
either this grant of land will be of no benefit to the
public or to the navigation of the Mississippi, or
else it will be of great benefit both to the public, so
far as the interests of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi are concerned, and the productiveness of the
land on the borders of that river. But that benefit
can only be secured in oneway, and that is by
building levees upon the banks of the Mississippi,
so as to make these lands valuable; and if the
Jands granted to the States will not pay for build-
ing these levees, they will be worth nothing to the
States.
.Now, I want the Senator from Mississippi to
say what will be the effect resulting to a section of
country on the Mississippi river if what is called
the American Bottom is leveed, and the opposite
bank, on the Missouri sid<% and then the Arkansas
IJpttom, between the St. Francis and the Missis-
sippi, shall be left unprotected, in pursuance of the
grant made to the State of Arkansas? No matter
whether the Mississippi be leveed or not, what
will be the effect on the intermediate country of
about one hundred miles in extent, where one
bank shall be leveed and the other left unpro-
tected ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would say that
the question involves a very wide topic, and one
about which men differ perhaps as much as almost
any other subject that could be proposed. If the
gentleman values my opinion, I have no difficulty
in answering that I "believe it would raise the wa-
ters and tend to overflow the unprotected lands.
Mr. BELL. I think it becomes my colleague
and myself to look to the condition of that country
which will be thus exposed for nearly a hundred
miles—the whole of it from a little place called
Randolph to the Chickasaw flats. An immense
country will be thus overflowed, in consequence of
the d'ligence and better fortune of our neighbors
of Arkansas, who have these public lands.
I am aware that unless the waters are fenced
out, the lands proposed to be granted to the States
of Arkansas and Mississippi will be of no value,
either to those States or to the country, and they f
can only be fenced out by the mode proposed; and '
it would be very unwise policy in the Government
to hold on to these lands, unless they contemplate
some future improvement by which they may be
made productive. But we should consider that
along the lines of Arkansas, Missouri, Mississip-
pi, and Louisiana, there is an immense quantity of
land that may be redeemed by the skillful applica-
tion of these public lands, and made available for
the purposes of culture. We should consider,
also, that here is another part of the country that
will have no protection afforded to it by the wis-
dom and liberality of the Government. Here is a
strip of countiy of about a hundred miles in ex-
tent, left entirely unprotected, and from which you
can only at an immense cost fence out the water
which will thus be thrown upon it. That, it is
true, is a local interest; and it is also true that it
would be almost impossible to concentrate public
sentiment to such an extent as to protect it. 1
want my friend from Kentucky to remember that
he is not altogether uninterested in this question.
The point to which I wish to bring the attention
of the Senate is, whether this is a case in which
the benefit of these appropriations should be con-
fined to the States in which the lands He, or wheth-
er they should not be extended to the unprotected
lands on the Mississippi river, without adhering
too closely to the policy of only appropriating these
lands to certain States ? Is not this a case in which
the liberality and justice of Senators from other
States might well be appealed to? In the State of
Tennessee, the lands on the borders of the Mis-
s ssippi river were located when it was not known
whether the waters of the Mississippi overflowed
them, and rendered them unfit for cultivation or
not. Although in many places these lands are over-
flowed sometimes to the depth of ten or fifteen
feet, yet they have been all appropriated. It was
supposed that every foot of land on the bank of the
Mississippi was so fertile, that in the State of Ten-
nessee, it was all located, and much of it w«thout
any actual examination by the purchasers. 1 think
that we have a right to appeal to the Senate and
to Congress to extend a portion of the proceeds of
these lands to those unprotected sections of Ken-
tucky and Tennessee, which include about one
hundred and thirty miles in extent.
Now, i have to say with regard to the other
question, 1 will be just and candid. By the pro-
visions of this bill the United States will not be
robbed of one acre of land which will be valuable,
unless these improvements are made. Tfiere is
no scientific agriculturist, no com, or cotton, or
sugar planter on the Mississippi, who does not
know that the most valuable lands there are those
that are sometimes overflowed. But if there be
any means provided in this bill to ascertain that
these lands cannot be cultivated at all, then thi3
leveeing will not be carried on; but if these im-
provements are made, there will be an immense
quantity of land of this description redeemed; some
of the richest lands on the face of the earth, if the
waters could be kept from deluging them in the
freshets of Spring and Winter, i am willing that
this work should be carried on up to the borders
of the State of Tennessee, should an appropriation
be made. But I objected two years ago to making
any appropriation until we could know the mode
of improvement which was intended, and until an
inquiry could be made which would settle the
question whether the country on the opposite bank
would be injured.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I agree entirely
with the Senator from Tennessee that it is unwise
to press this system of leveeing beyond what we
have already reached. I have this year endeav-
ored to obtain an appropriation for a minute sur-
vey of the delta of the Mississippi. When I
say we seek for this, it is not that we may increase
the levee system, but that we may provide the
means by which the waters of the river may be
drawn off to the Gulf, so as to reduce the level of
the river, and not to increase it. The extension
of the levees everywhere, confining all the waters
of tiie stream, would, 1 have no doubt, raise the
level of the river. But it does not follow that land
granted, as is proposed in this bill, will be applied
for any such purpose. By no means. I believe
that now the people of Louisiana are pretty gen-
erally conyinced that they require some mode of
letting the water out of the channel of the river.
The State engineer has so reported. The resolu-
tions of the la-t Legislature, that have been re-
ferred to, address themselves to that end, which
they expected would accomplish the result.
It does not follow, then, at all, as the Senator
from Tennessee seems to argue, that this land is
to be applied to leveeing the Mississippi. It may
be applied to cutting out new channels on the
right and on the left, to carry water out of the
mam channel of the river, to act as waste-weirs
whenever the river reaches a height above the
level of the land. In Arkansas, I take it for
granted, they will levee the water out to the whole
extent of their river. The honorable Senator from
Tennessee knows that is not very great. They
will have no opportunity to levee much. It would
be only that which passes across the Arkansas
river which would pass down the bayous into the
Gulf without returning. I do not think, therefore,
that the leveeing which might be done in Arkan-
sas would be very material, unless it should be ex-
tended to the Missouri.
Mr. BELL. That is what I was afraid of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. But that would
be more than counteracted if a general system were
adopted by which water was to be taken off the
river whenever it reached a certain height. That
plan might be applied in Mississippi and Upper
Louisiana, and particularly in Lower Louisiana.
If extensively applied in Lower Louisiana, the
danger of an oveifiow would probably be removed,
or at least greatly reduced.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I will read the
resolution which I submitted on the 21st day of
March, 1856- It contains a description of the
kind of ground which ought to be covercd by the
terms of this bill. It is more accurate than any
bill details. I will read th? resolution:
" Resolved, That the President be requested to cause a
report Irom the General L mil Office to be laid before the
Senate at the commencement of the next Mated 5«ion of
Congrej-s, showing, as ntarly as can be ascertained, Irom siir-
vejsheretofore m.ide, arid Irom other information, the quan-
tifies and locations of so much of the public lands ot the
tinned State* in the States of Missouri and Illinois, as may
b« unfit for cultivation on account of being vv< t and marshy
or feulfpct to inundation from the overflowing of The rivtrs,
or covered with standing water m pondd or lakes.
That resolution was adopted by the Senate and
was answered by the Surveyor General for Mis-
souri and Illinois, then Colonel McRea. And
upon that information, thus obtained, I endeavored
to carry forward measures for ceding these lands,
thus unfit for cultivation for the reason stated, to
the respective States m which they lay. Accord-
ing to the report of Colonel McRea, a great deal of
land in both these States, Missouri and Illinois,
came under this description. That was almost
twenty-five years ago. These lands have remained
in that condition ever since. It has been a
grand object, a cardinal object, valued by all the
States on the Mississippi river and its tributaries,
to have these lands relinquished to the States in
which they lie. Unless this is accomplished, there
lands may lie there until doomsday. The United
States can make no use of them. They are pesti-
lential to the people of the country. They are
