1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
ject. But, sir, what is the objection which the
Senator from New Jersey makes upon the ground
of order to my proposition ? The Senator from
Missouri proposes to affirm certain instructions
which I propose to negative. Now, are we not at
liberty to vote in the negative upon those instruc-
tions ? Weil, if we have a right to vote against
them, have we not a right to put that negative in
the form of an amendment and vote for it? But [
will state a ease which every man of three days'
service in a deliberative body understands perfectly
well. A report is made by a special committee—for
example, on a claim, it concludes, "resolved, there-
fore, that the claim ought not to be allowed." Now,
is anything more common in a legislative body
than to strike out the words "ought not to" and to
insert the words "should be?" Every man at all
acquainted with parliamentary laws knows that if
a new subject is proposed—one which has no con-
nection with the one under consideration—it is not
in order. But whether they are substitutes for the
amendment or propositions to amend it, they are
precisely the same. They relate to instructions to
the committee. The amendment of the Senator
from Missouri proposes to give such and such in-
struction to the committee. My amendment says
I hat the Senate will give none, and it is perfectly
germane to the subject, and perfectly consistent
with all parliamentary law that I have ever heard
of in any deliberative body.
Mr. MILLER. I do not make this point of
order in any captious spirit, and the Senator from
Kentucky has not understood the point I make.
I do not object to this motion that it is a negative
of the proposition made by the Senator fiom Mis-
eouii. The Senator is perfectly correct there, but
his amendment goes further, and cuts off all further
instructions that the Senate may think proper to
gue to the committee. That is the point, sir.
Mr. CLAY. That is the design of the amend- I
meflt, and I ask of the Senator from New Jersey, |
who I am glad has given up half of his objec- I
tion 
Mr. MILLER. I have not given it up, for 1
never made that to which the Senator refers.
Mr. CLAY, f understood the Senator from
New Jersey to object, first, that my proposition
was a negative to affirmative instructions. Now
I understand him to say, his objection is not that
it comprehends all that was offered by the Senator
from Missouri, but that it laps a little over; that,
in other words, it declares we will give no instruc-
tions to the committee. And has not the Senate
the right to do that—to say that it will give no
such instructions? And has it not a right either
through the medium of an amendment, or in any
other form? There cannot be a doubt on the
subject.
Mr. MILLER. That is the very point I wish
to raise before the Senate—whether the Senate, by
an amendment to a bill or resolution, can declare
that it will not give any instructions to a com-
mittee?
Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) That's it, sir.
Mr. MiLLEIi. That is the question. Can a
Senator, when an amendment is offered to a bill,
move to strike out the amendment, and declare
subsequently that no amendment shall be offered
to the bill? Can you, in a resolution where an
amendment is offered to instruct, strike out these
instructions, and declare that no other shall be
given? Why, we have on the table several other
instructions offered by the Senator from Missouri,
and are they to be cut off?
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) They have not yet
been offered, but merely suggested.
Mr. MILLER. I may think proper to offer
instructions, or other Senators may so intend, and
it cannot be done if 'his amendment is adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
consider the point of order as raised.
Mr. KING. I hope the Chair will decide it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the objection is not well taken. The
amendment, which proposes to restrict the action
of the committee, is moved to be stricken out by
another amendment. That is clearly in order. It
is then'proposed to substitute, in lieu thereof, the
declaration that the Senate do not deem it neces-
sary to express in advance any opinion, or gne
any instruction, either general or specific, for the
guidance of said committee. The utmost that can
be said of the amendment is, that it decides noth-
ing. And, if it expressed nothing but the mere
j motion, it would leave the matter just where it
i was left before the amendment was proposed,
j Therefore, though it may be a consideration to
i induce a Senator to vote against it, it is not a
question upon which to raise a point of order as
to its reception.
Mr. BENTON. This, whichis called an amend-
ment, and which strikes me as being nothing but
a rule of action, which the Senate is called upon
to adopt for itself, was objected to by me as being
unparliamentary at the time it was offered, but I
was so unfortunate as not to make the point of my
objection intelligible. I will endeavor to do so
now, and let it be seen that here is 
Mr. KING. If the Senator intends to discuss j
the question of order, he must appeal from the
decision of the Chair. In the absence of any such
appeal, the decision is binding upon the Senate,
nnd every Senator is bound to acquiesce in it.
The Senator from Missouri, therefore, if he is dis-
satisfied with the decision, must take an appeal
before he can discuss the point of order.
Mr. BENTON. What 1 say is for the Senate,
and not by way of appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
appeal ?
Mr. BENTON. I am speaking merely to the I
Senate, and not by way of appeal. I am speaking
on the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Kentucky, and 1 mean to give my reasons—very
poor ones to be sure—why it should not be adopt-
ed. I take that to be m oidtr. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. I
Mr. BENTON. Well, I have learned some- J
thing. If I cannot teach, I can be taught. Yes, j
sir, here is a proposition, which is called an amend- i
rnent, that the Senate does not deem it necessary
to express in advance any opinion, or give any j
instructions, either general or specific, for the guid- i
ance of said committee. Now, here is a declaia-
tion, very proper perhaps to be adopted in a cau-
cus, but not belonging to the Senate at all, by which
the Senator asks that the Senate shall cut itself off j
from its parliamentary rights, of offering amend- j
ments to billa and resolutions while going through ,
the body. All this might do in caucus, but it will
not do in the Senate. The Senate does not deem !
it necessary (why not deem it necessary r) to give
any instiuctions at all on any subject to the commit-
tee It is a committee, as is frequently proclaimed
•—though its appointment is not yet entered on the
Journal—composed of distinguished and leading
men, and it may be that they have all the wisdom
■ of the Senate in their hands, and that when they
go out nothing will be left behind, ana all the
| rest of the Senate put together can give them
no information. All this may be so, but it is the
1 first time that the American Senate was ever called
upon to make such a declaration. It is not to do
it m advance. Why not do it in advance ? Has
t not the Senate been in the practice of giving in-
] structions to committees, from the foundation of
the Government to the present day ? Is it not done
j in regard to all committees, whenever Senators
1 choose? And was it ever proposed before to tie
; up the hands of the Senate by a previous deelara-
■ tion that they will not give opinions in advance?
They may give them afterwards, and may agree
to what may be done, but beforehand the body of
. the Senate is to do nothing. It is not to give any
instructions, either general or specific, for theguid-
! ance of the said committee! Sir, the objection is well
taken by the Senator from New Jersey that this
; goes beyond the amendment which 1 have offered,
' and which is before the Senate. It goes beyond
what is before the Senate, and declares at once that,
no matterwhatamendments any Senator may have
in his bosom, no matter what may be offered, the
Senate will not consider them. This, sir, is a new
declaiation to be. made in the American Senate,
and one of those which, if it pass, will pass after
1 <>oing through such parliamentary forms as will
mark it as an epoch m our parliamentary history.
' Sir, it is a new method of applying the previous
' question—a question never applied in this body,
j It is a new method of applying the gag—a thing
j never done in this body. It is a new way of stul-
tifying the whole body of Senators, except those
, who go out on the committee. Sir, all this is new;
i and is it not as impotent as it is new ? Suppose it
! is adopted. Suppose the Senate resolve itself into
' what seems to tne to be nothing more than a cau-
' cus and adopt this resolution. What next? The
I moment they have adopted it, has not every mem-
ber here a parliamentary right to offer amendments
on the spot, regardless of what the Senate has de-
cided upon? The attempt is impotent. We have
a right to offer instructions after instructions, and
when offered, the only way for the Senate to do,
if it will not adopt them, is to refuse them; that is,
to vote them down when presented. That is the
only way—the only sensible method. If the Sen-
ate adopts this resolution, that it will not give any
instructions, they cannot get ri^of the question.
Wc have the right, every one of us, while we re-
main Senators, to offer our propositions for instruc-
tion. And I presume there will be enough to offer
those instructions, and test their parliamentary
right to do so; and Senators will be brought to the
point on each instruction for itself, while there
is enough to call the yeas and nays to vote on each
for itself. All this must be apparent. And now,
sir, why persevere in endeavoring to get a decla-
ration from the Senate which is to cut off a parlia-
mentary proceeding, when you cannot do it? It
will end m impotency; of that gentlemen mayrest
insured. It is the first time that ever such a thing
was attempted in the American Senate. It is cut-
ting us off from deliberation. It is cutting us off
from our r'ght of instruction, and it is forestalling
debate. It is an assumption the like of which never
before was known in this body.
Now, sir, this great committee—we have had
their names in the newspapers, though they have
not yet been elected by the Senate. Grant that
they have all the wisdom of the Senate, and will
carry it out with them; yet the Senate is not to
declare upon this proceeding that it could give
them no instruction. They are not to adopt a
resolution which admits that the Senate cannot
enlighten them at all. It is not for the Senate to
say that they would sit here in Egyptian dark-
ness, until the committee comes in and illuminates
the Chamber. And now, if it should be the fact
that everything is ready, that the report is ready,
and that the committee have nothing to do in the
world after it goes oat, but to come back again—
like the French king who marched up the hill and
down again—if such should be the case, would it
not better become the American Senate that it
should be produced, and let us have the illumina-
j tion from it at once? Would it not be better to
produce the report at once, and act on this bill for
i the admission of California as it came along ?
i Sir, the going out of that committee from this
j Chamber might excite alarm throughout the coun-
try. What do we suppose if we see a physician
hastening to a house? Why, that somebody is
sick there; but we are not yet alarmed. But if
we see two doctors going there, we suppose the
case is a difficult one; and if we see four, live, six,
or seven doctors collecting at the houSG, wc con-
clude immediately that somebody is dying at that
house. Now, sir, if this great number of politi-
cal doctors are to sit on the body of the Republic,
what will the country suppose but that the poor
Republic is at the last gasp, and that it takes thir-
teen doctors to sit upon the case and save the. pa-
I tient. Sir, it is to alarm the country. I tell you,
; from this proceeding there must be an alarm, or
' theiemustbeaiaugh. One or the other there must
j be. From the sublime to the ridiculous is oilly
J one step; and what in this case must have con-
i vulsed the country in the beginning, has now got
1 where a step would cover it with ridicule. Sir,
! suppose this committee goes out and comes back
j with a report, and suppose it is nothing more
I nor less than to convert this Senate into the old
I blacksmith shop at Gretna Green, and making
j them join parties together, whether God ever
sanctioned it or not; suppose the committee
j comes back with a report cut and dried for the
I purpose of joining to California four or five
I measures which the Senate and the House have
been talking of for four or five months past;
'i suppose they bring back nothing but what is
alieady prepared, and which is upon all our
i! tables, in what position will this great commit-
' tee be? We have read of the mountain that
ji was m labor, and that was delivered of a mouse,
ij But it was at least a live mouse, for the fable
j| says it ran. But here it seems that gentlemen
;j are to bring out something that has been lying
II on our tables so long that it is dead—a combina-
tion of measures which have been so long born
that they are lying helpless in their cradles. Sir,
there is no medium. The country, if not alarmed,
must laugh. But I am against making what is
