756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
their rights. And the Senate has its rights. Now,
sir, 1 put it to the Senate and the country, what
equivalent to a proclamation declaring the country |
in danger. .Theh« bei^ the progress of this matter? The Sena-
this in solemii form that the Republic I tor from Missouri proposes an amendment em-
Cer and h  aCosTgW ng the dS™! bracng four proposifions, and as a sort of menace
■r of seein" the Sieirablic. sustained to a com- H I suppose, he shells out eight or ten others and
.r ol seein_ me n.e()u . , spedks of hig having others yet m leserve. Well,
my dear sir—Mr. President, I mean—has not this ;
body a right to protect itself? Has not the ma-
jority of this Senate a right to say whether they j
will or will not create a committee without any j
instructions ? The resolution will be adopted. The j
Senator offers his set of amendments—for the pur- j
pose I will not say, because I have no right to go ;
into the intention of the Senator—but the effect of
a proclamation in solemn form that the Republic
is in danger, and th
power of seeing the Republic.
mittee. 1 am against making this proclamation.
I do not believe the Republic is m danger to-day.
1 believe there has been some danger. But that
danger has pass*d by; and to be providing a
remedy now, would be the providing of a remedy
for what has past. I do not hold that the country
is in danger now, and J do not think that we ought
to undertake to alarm the country by the solemn
form of setuoe thirteen physicians to consult over   
the critical and dying condition of the State, and them would be detey, procrastination, embarrass-
to come in with a nostrum to save her. Why, H ment; and that effect is attempted, or will be at-
sir. it will be a very ludicrous thing if this com- j tempted to be produced againsi these distinct and
raittee shall come in with our old nostrum. If ;| emphatic expression of t^e opimon of the_raajoi-
they should come in with a scheme to join all these
bills together, it will put us in a ludicrous position,
and one in which we ought not to be placed. If
gentlemen wish to unite other measures with Caljyr
forma, let them take up the California bill, anu
then offer those propositions, and the opinion of
the Senate can be taken upon them, as the Senator
from Kentucky intimated some days ago, when I
complimented him upon proceeding in such a
manly and parliamentary manner. That is the
right way to do. Now, air, this thing which is
called an amendment, but which is nothing but
a declaration, an independent resolve—such a
one as would be perfectly proper to be adopted in
a caucus, but which cannot be adodted in the
Senate—-this independent resolve, that we will give
no instructions of any kind whatsoever to guide the
committee, why, sir, although the Senate may
vote it, they cannot prevent us from undertaking
to give instructions to guide the committee; and,
although m point of fact no one of us may be able
to suggest an instruction thatcould guide this great
committee, yet, in the parliamentary sense we can—
underlie parliamentary law, we have a right to
offer instructions to guide the committee. And
who is it, Mr. President, that makes this motion
that the committee shall not be guided ? I hope no
one of the thirteen who are to be on that committee
undertakes to maintain this resolution; for, sir,
although it may be true, true as gospel that they
are superior to the rest of the Senate, and that we
cannot guide them at all, yet they should not tell
its so. It is we who should disqualify ourselves,
and no one of that thirteen, in my opinion, should
vote. Delicacy, reserve, decorum, should make
them stand off, arid refuse to vote for a resolution
which would stultify all the other members of the
body. They should leave it to ourselves to stultify
ourselves.
I have taken up more time than I intended on
this* preliminary point. I consider it wholly nu-
gatory, that, after what is called an amendment, :
but is nothing but a resolve to govern the action of [
the Senate shall be voted upon and adopted—us it !
may be, though I think, if the thirteen gentlemen j
who are to compose the committee will abstain 1
from voting, it- will not be adopted; and really,
delicacy, I think, should forbid them to vote—af-
ter all that is done, I say it is nugatory; for we i
shall undertake to exercise our parliamentary right j
of offering instructions; and we think that some !
of us have been here just about long enough to ;
know how to do it, and to get a vote upon every >
instruction, in some form or other, that lies upon
the table, and upon every instruction that may
hereafter he offered.
Mr. CLAY. I am very sorry, Mr. President,
for this unnecessary consumption of the time of the
Senate; but there are two or three remarks which
the honorable Senator from Missouri has made,
which seem to me to require some notice. The hon-
orable Senator has spoken ofa caucus, and intimated
that there has been one. On what authority does
the Senator make such an assertion? I now pro-
nounce it a mistake—an absolute and entire mis-
take. There has been no caucus, that I know of;
although, God knows, 1 would attend a caucus of
any and everybody, to settle this most unhappy
question, which is now distracting the country;
and I would attend it without any feeling of re-
proach, from whatever quarter it might be ventured
to be hurled. The honorable Senator speaks of his
rights. Yes, sir; and other Senators have their
rights also; and other Senators are just as well
preparedaa the Senator from Missouri is, to assert
ity of this body. The question, then, comes to
this—whether the Senate shall or shall not have
the power—I speak always of the majority of the ;
Senate—to act? I say, sir, it ought to have, it; and ;
1 caie not by what name you call it. The pre- 1
vtous question!—ah, sir, not many years will
elapse before you will find the indispensable neces- j
sity of this valuable mode of terminating a use-
less arid unnecessary debate in this house. In my
reflections upon the past, in respect to my parlia-
mentary caieer—-my congressional career—I look
back to none with more satisfaction than the in-
troduction of that previous question in the other
wing of this building. But, sir, it seems that all
at once there has been some extraordinary viola-
tion of the rights of the Senator; and what is it?
That we create a committee without giving that }
committee any instructions—a thing which hap-
pens every day, and sometimes two or three times
a day, either to a special or standing committee—
every day of the session, either in this house or in
the other.
Now, sir, is it not known that if you refer a '
subject to a committee, you must, to some extent, '
confide in that committee; leave it untrammelled, j
unshackled, to the exercise of its best judgment?
j for, at last, when it does anything, it is reported >
! back to you, subject to your decision, to your ^
I power, to your control. Sir, what was done with j
| the committee proposed in the case of the very j
| State which the Senator rcpresenis, appointed m j
I the other House in the year 1822? Were any in-
' structions given to that committee? Not one.
I Was any embarrassing mode of procrastination
| attempted on that occasion? And afterwards, in
{ relation to the constitution of the committcc, that
1 happened which had never happened before, and
j which, perhaps, will not happen again for many
I years. When I proposed in the House of Rep-
, resentatives the constitution of a joint committee
; to consist of twenty-three on the part of the
! House, and a suitable number on the part of the
j Senate, to consider the question of California—of
i Missouri, i mean. Why, sir, it is not at all ex-
! traordinary that I speak of California; for if we
! listen to the honorable Senator on the other side of
' the house, there are no United States—California
' has absorbed everything. [Laughter.] When J
i proposed a joint committee of twenty-mree on the
; part of the House, and a suitable number on the
; part of the Senate, was there any motion m the
, other body to instruct, to manacle, to chain down
: that committee? No, sir, they were left free as
: air, to exploie through the whole region of pa-
j motic intellect for the purpose of devising a mode
' by which that unhappy question should be settled.
; Sir, what is proposed? The honorable Senator
l has several times talked and presented, in his
; witty and humorous manner, the figure of a hoise
| borne down by a grievous weight cast upon its
! back. Why, sir, the Senator knows perfectly
,1 well that the whole amount of what is intended
! by anybody, is to connect and combine together
1 the government of territories acquired m common,
I and to establish for these territories a suitable form
of government adapted to their respective situa-
, tionQ.
; And, sir, what is the condition of the case?
i Let us look at the facts. There is a certain por-
r lion of this body that is for California. Give us j
: California, California, and nothing but California.
; There is another portion of this body and of Con-
I gress that says, we are willing to give you Cahfor-
j nia, but we want something more than California;
I we want to establish governments for a people
thrown by the vicissitudes of war and of political
events under our care. And, to my utter sur-
prise, I have heard Senators upon this floor ex-
press the opinion that we should leave ail New
Mexico and all Utah—New Mexico with a popu-
lation of one hundred thousand, and a military*—
yes, 1 have heard Whigs, Whigs express the
opinion that we should leave the military govern-
ment which is in operation in New Mexico to
continue; Whigs who denounced the existence of
the military government established under the au-
thority of the late Administration during a season
of war; and yet now, in a state of profound peace,
it is proposed to pass California, pass California,
| pass California, and leave New Mexico and Utah
to take care of themselves. Sir, it is contrary to
every obligation of duty resulting from the treaty,
resulting from the constitution, resulting from the
position and character which we hold as American
statesmen and legislators; and as soon a3 leave
New Mexico and Utah without government—of
all others the portions of that country the most in
want of governments—1 would, as a father, as lief
turn out my son at the age of fifteen into the
streets of a corrupt city, and say to him, " Go,
my boy, take care of yourself until yon are twenty-
one, and then come hack to me, and I will tell you
what honorable vocation in life to select." Sir, it
is our duty, our bounden, our solemn duty, to
make at least an attempt fo establish governments
for Utah and New Mexico; and if we cannot do it
after making the effort, we shall stand reproachlesa
for not having done it. If we cannot do it, it will
be the result of differences of opinion unfortunately
existing amongst us, which will prevent its being
done. The error of those Senators who taik of
leaving Utah and New Mexico to their fate, is
exactly this: they begin where they ought to end.
Begin to discharge your duty; try to make govern-
ments for these territories, and if you fail to do it,
you will stand unreproached m the eyes of God
and man in having made the effort to discharge
your duty.
I have said that one portion of Congress wants
California, and nothing but California; another
portion, whilst for bringing in California, says, let
us settle this distracting question; let us establish
territorial governments without the proviso, and
connect them with California. And why should
not we do it? I have heard the "dignity of Cal-
ifornia" alluded to, as if all the gold and dignity
of the nation had sought refuge and sought an
asylum on the shores of the Pacific. I have been
utterly unable to comprehend this derogation from
the dignity of California. Sir, I go for both meas-
ures; both ought to be carried; both, in my opin-
ion, ought to be associated together; and 1 do not
see the slightest evidence of disrespect to Califor-
nia or to anybody else in doing it.
Sir, I framed this resolution deliberately, and I
framed it for the purpose of getting rid of the un-
necessary instructions which the Senator from
Missouri has proposed, and to dispose of any
other instructions which his ingenuity—and no
man possesses a greater amount of it than he
does—might suggest to be brought before this
body. Let my amendment be adopted, and let the
Senator offer his other instructions, from one to
ninety-nine, if he pleases, and we will see whether
the question of order will not silence them all.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, the State of
California is not here, and unless somebody stands
up for her, it seems likely that she will go to the
wall; for she not only gets hard knocks, but she
gets also what is called thumps. She is spoken of
to-day as absorbing the whole United States. So
far as I can see, she only wants to get in among
the United States—to be one of thirty-one, and to
be the last of the thirty-one. That is all I can see
in her wants. But the Senator from Kentucky not
only presents California in this aspect, but he pre-
sented her some days ago in an attitude which 1
did not then remark upon, and which I should
not do now, hut for the manner in which he has
brought her up to-day. It was said by the Sena-
tor fiom Kentucky the other day that California
had made a runaway match, and now turned up
her nose at her unmarried sisters. Well, sir, if
she did make a runaway match, she did not marry
a runaway negro; and if her unmarried sisters
should marry into that family, it may be that,
when they come about her and into her company,
she may not only turn up her nose, but snub their
noses. California has made a constitution for her-
