1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
Now, this is a sort of transaction in which the
Government cannot engage. It must be done
through individuals; and the individuals who have
been selected in this case are well known for their
competent capital, and their high standing, and
ample responsibility, as well as great experience.
He would take it on himself to assert that three
more responsible firms than those of the Barings
of London, Howland & Aspinwall of New York,
and Corcoran & Riggs of this city, could not be
found m their respective spheres. The Govern-
ment would absolutely run no risk. The pay-
ments would be made by these contractors through
their own agents and at their own risk, so that our
Government will pay the indemnity to the Mexi-
can authorities without any loss or delay. It would
pay nothing until it gets in hand the receipts from
those authorities. If any loss should be incurred
during the process, it must fall exclusively on these
contractors. If there 3hould be a loss in the trans-
portation—if by any revolutionary action the Gov-
ernment should be overthrown, and the Govern-
ment in esse should demand payment over again,
the loss will not fall on our Government, but on
those agents, should they make advances. It
would not be possible for our Government to de-
vise any other mode of depositing this money,
except by the transportation of the specie in steam-
boats and wagons, the folly of which would be
evident to all.
The question is asked, who is to make the con-
tract? The President of the United States is bound
to see that the indemnity is duly paid. He directs
it to be paid either by the Secretary of the Treas
ury or by the Secretary of State. This is the or-
dinary mode by which payments of this kind have
always been made. The payment for which this
bill makes an appropriation becomes due in 1851.
The gentleman from Ohio proposes to amend the
bill so as to make it imperative on the Secretary of
the Treasury to make this payment. He did not
know that the amendment of the gentleman fiom
Ohio would at all alter the matter. There could
not be probably any better contract now than this,
as it now stands, considered in all points. There
could not have been a better one made at the time
when it was made. Other contracts might have
been made, as there may have been a rivalry, a
combination of speculators ready to make the ar-
rangement on apparently better terms for the Gov-
ernment. But when it was made there were no
other applicants or bidders, and the contract made
was the best for the Government. It was sure of
being executed, and without any risk. He saw
no necessity for the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio. From his own personal knowledge,
he would say that no arrangement could have been
made by the Government which promised, with
certainty, more advantages. The Government
runs no risk whatever; every loss which may be
incurred must fall on the contractors, and none
upon the Government.
He had made these few remarks as the results
of his own experience. He had never had any
connection with any public contracts or public
money—beyond his own per diem—since he had
had the honor of a seat in this House.
A few simple figures will show the practical
result:
$85 in London, according to the existing
rate of exchange, are worth in Mexico. .$100 00
§85 in London will cost at the present rates
of her exchange in New York  94 00
Difference in profit.
$6 00
Now the contractors pay to the Govern-
ment  $3 50
And reserve for themselves  §2 50
on each $100—which covers expenses, fluctuations
in exchanges, losses of interest, commissions, and
their own profits.
If the Government undertake to transport the
coin to the city of Mexico, where it is payable by
treaty, that would cost three per cent, at least,
whilst by adopting the mode above referred to,
this outlay is saved, and three and a half per cent,
per annum are gained, making six and a half per
cent., or on the instalment of $3,360,000 almost
$220,000. This shows the great advantage of
adopting the measure under consideration.
Mr. JONES said it seemed to him that this was
a very plain and simple proposition, and was con-
fined within very narrow limits; but the committee
might run off and bring in subjects which had
nothing to do with the question, and might thus
get up a discussion which would consume the
whole day. What was the proposition now be-
fore the committee, and why was it brought here?
In the year 1848 the Government of the United
States concluded a treaty with Mexico. By one
of the provisions of the treaty, this Government
w^.t0 Pa)f t0 Government of Mexico three
millions of dollars in the month of June, 1851,
with interest from the date of the ratification of
the treaty, amounting in the aggregate to three
millions three hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
The Committee of Ways and Means had reported
a bill simply appropriating this sum of money to
meet the obligation imposed upon the Government
of the United States by the treaty stipulations.
Now, by the Constitution of the United States,
treaties made in pursuance of that instrument were
declared to be the supreme law of the land. By an-
other provision of the same instrument the Presi-
dent of the United States was required to see that
the laws of the United States were faithfully ex-
ecuted; and by another provision the President
was also required to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and faithfully to
execute the duties of his office. This was, there-
fore, the supreme law of the land, and it was the
duty of the President to execute it, if Congress
would place at his disposal the necessary amount
of money. This object was proposed to be accom-
plished by the passage of this bill, but without !
saying by whom the payment should be made. '
When this bill shall have been passed it will be the !
law of the land, and the President, by his oath of
office, was as equally bound to execute this law as
any other. It would then be for him and his advi-
! sers to determine how and in what manner the
payment should be made m the city of Mexico, as '
required by the treaty. And this he (Mr. J.)
thought was all that Congress could do.
The Government was divided into three depart-
ments, the legislative, the executive, and judicial;
and if Congress undertook to make contracts and
to specify how the laws should be executed, he
(Mr. J.) thought it was an encroachment on the
executive branch of the Government. Congress
appropriated this money; it had to be paid to the
Mexican Government in fulfillment of our treaty
obligations under the direction of the President.
If the law was improperly executed, he would be
responsible to the Congress, and through them to
their constituents, the people of this country, for
an abuse of his power. But the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, now under considera-
tion, proposed to take this duty from the President
and to impose it upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. If they did that, they relieved the President
from all responsibility, as he (Mr. J.) conceived,
and imposed it upon the Secretary, without any
other responsibility than his oath of office.
But why was this change sought to be made?
What would be the effect of it? The reason
alleged was, that the Secretary of State, with no
authority to do it, had made a contract by which
this money was to be paid, arid that the contract
was upon terms advantageous to the contractors—
that better terms had been offered. Was there any-
thing in this amendment which said that the terms
should be better—which said that the contract
already made (if one had been made) should be
cancelled, and given to other parties? Was there
anything in the amendment which would require
the Secretary of the Treasury to cancel the contract,
which rumor said had been made, and make
another contract? Was there anything in it that
gave assurance that if the contract should be can-
celled, another contract would be made more ad
vantageous to the interests of the Government >
There was nothing. And it would seem even if we
should adopt this amendment, the only effect
would be to take this contract from one contractor
and give it to another—perhaps at less advanta-
geous terms.
Mr. BOYD. Will my friend from Tennessee
allow me to propound a question to him, which,
if he be not able to answer, perhaps the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or some
other gentleman in the House, can ansuer ? It re-
lates to a fact which I wish to get at. By the
treaty of 1848, we stipulated to pay to the Gov-
ernment of Mexico some three and a half millions
of dollars on the 1st of June. By the bill on the
table we are to appropriate the money now, and
the money will be paid now; and there will be a
deduction on account of interest, &c., under the
contract of which we have heard so much to-day.
Now, 1 wish to inquire whether or not there has
not been an official communication received by this
Administration from the Government of Mexico,
expressing a desire to have the payment made in
a different form, to wit, by the presentation of
drafts, or by the payment of the money here in-
stead of paying it in Mexico, as the treaty pre-
scribes. Now, a strict conformance with the
treaty is our duty—we all know that; and 1 hold
that if there is such a proposition legally made,
properly made by the Government of Mexico to
'h® United States, to discharge that obligation in a
different form, we should be complying with all
the stipulations of the treaty if we accepted of it.
I wish to be informed upon that point. 1 do not
know the fact. Rumor states, that through the
Mexican minister to this country, this Govern-
ment has been informed that it is the wish of the
Government of Mexico that the payment shall be
made in a different form; and more—that lhat dif-
ferent form would result in a profit to this Govern-
ment of some seventy or eighty thousand dollars.
1 wish to know the facts, that we may act upon
them. *
Mr. JONES. I know nothing of the facts of
which the gentleman inquires—whether the Mex-
ican Government, throughits minister or any o. her
functionary, has made any proposition to this
Government in reference to the payment of this
money. I hold that if the Government of Mexico
has made that proposition, and it is one advanta-
geous to this Government—if we can avail our-
selves of it, and in so doing relieve ourselves from
the obligations of the treaty, it would be the bound-
en duty of the President, under the bill which
lies upon your table, to accept that proposition from
Mexico.
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee to yield the floor to enable him to reply
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Boyd.]
Mr. JONES yielded.
Mr. BAYLY. I am informed that there has
been no proposition made to this Government by
any officially recognized agent of Mexico. There
has been a proposition made to this Government
through a gentleman who represents himself aa
acting for the Government of Mexico, but I am
told that he has no credentials. 1 do not want to
refer to the individual; he is a gentleman for whom
1 entertain a good deal of personal respect. But,
I am authorized to state that there has been no
official communication whatever. The Mexican
minister has made none. There has been one
made by a citizen of this country, professni" to
act on behalf of the Mexican Government.
Mr. DISNEY. The denials of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means are special.
1 wish the gentleman to say whether he has any
information, official or unofficial, that the Mexican
minister is authorized to receive and receipt for
this money.
Mr. BAYLY. This delicacy that I wished to
observe, it may not be requisite for me to adhere to.
Mr. Webster stated tome that General DuffGreen
had made a proposition in reference to this matter,
at, 1 believe, four and a half per cent., which he
(Mr. W.) did not even consider. That is the fact
of the case, and it is proper 1 should state it.
Mr. DISNEY and Mr. VINTON each said a
word to Mr. Bayly, of which, in the confusion of
the Hall, nothing whatever was audible to ihe Re-
porter.
Mr. BAYLY remained upon the floor.
Mr. ASHMCiN. 1 wish the gentleman [Mr.
Batly] to speak so as to be heard all over the
House.
Mr. BAYLY. The proposition was by Gen-
eial Green, on behalf of himself and yonie per-
sons in Mexico.
Mr. ASHMUN. General Duff Green?
Mr. JONES (resuming) repeated thatit'wasim-
possible for this House to take into their hands
this matter of making contracts for the transport-
ation and payment of this money in the city of
Mexico. It wus no disparagement, he thought,
to any gentleman on this floor, to say that there
were at least many members of the House (and
he included himself among the number) who did
not understand all the ways and means and artful
contrivances for drawing bills of exchange, and
