1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. IS,
carrying out large financial operations of this
character, with the least risk, trouble, and ex-
pense. He stated the nominal rates of exchange
between this country and Great Britain, anil be-
tween Great Britain and Mexico; and said the
real exchange between two countries could never
be but little above what it would cost to transport
the specie, together with the charges for insurance,
Sir, we are appropriating by this bill, just the
amount of money which we are bound to pay to
Mexico on the 30th day of May next, at the seat
of her Government. And here are men coming
forward and offering to pay to this Government
three and a half per cent, upon the amount to be
paid to Mexico, and to pay the Mexican Govern-
ment the money that we now appropriate, after
the expiration of nine months, at which time the
money becomes due. This, at least, will save to
this Government three and a half per cent, on the
amount that is appropriated to be paid in June
next, that is, on the sum of $3,360,000, and which
we are required to pay in the city of Mexico.
It is not to be supposed that the three hundred
men composing this Congress will be of the same
opinion in resrard to financial matters, or contracts
concerning the financial operations of the Govern-
ment. What 1 have said applies to money which
is at the disposal of the President of the United
States, whose duty it is to transact the business to
the best of his power for the benefit of this Gov-
ernment. And if it should be shown afterwards,
or if it should appear from the manner m which
he shall have discharged the trust, that he had
done it corruptly, that he had favored individuals,
and enabled them to make fortunes out of the
transaction, it would then, in my opinion, be a
proper subject for investigation by the Congress
of the United States at some futuie session. But
he is the responsible judge, after the money is
placed under his control, as to how, and m what
manner, he should dispose of it.
Something has been said about the impropriety
of making this appropriation at this time, whereas
the money is notdueuntil next June. Why, sir, that
is within the present fiscal year; and this is the
proper time to make the appropriation. We are
flow making appropriations for ail demands upon
the Government up to, and including the thirtieth
day of June next. This, then, falls within the
time for which we are now appropiiating money.
And It is proper that this appropriation should be
made now, and that the Executive should have
the money so as to make the necessary arranee-
mcnts to redeem the faith of the Government by
the payment of the money which by treaty this
Government is required to pay.
Before I sit down, sir, I shall move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. I will move to strike out from that amend-
ment'the words " Secretary of the Treasury," and
insert the words " President of the United States."
jf my amendment should be adopted, and the
amendment as amended voted down, the bill will
then, as it came from the Committee of Ways
and Means, be precisely in the condition in which
my amendment would place it; that is, it will re-
main to be executed by the President of the Uni-
ted Slates. .
Mr. CARTTER. I do not know, sir, but that
this may be all right. I do not profess to be well
acquainted with such matters, but there aie certain
features about it that certainly do seem to me to be
unnecessary, and, indeed, somewhat objectionable.
The proposition is, in its very terms, to lend the
credit of this Government, or to lend this money
rather, this amount of capital, to a British banking
house, for nine months.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CARTTER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Is there any provision in the bill
which proposes to loan one dollar or one cent to
anybody?
Mr. CARTTER. I will answer the gentleman s
question m the course of the fevV remarks which I
shall make. The bill proposes to make an appro-
priation to discharge certain indebtedness of this
Government nine months m advance. The ap-
propriation is introduced upon the recommendation
of theDepaitment of Slate, the Secretary of Slate
havir'g made a contract with a Biitish banking
hou-e which contract, we aie advised, is to be
vitalized by the passage of this bill—having been
made with reference to our action, and dependent
upon that action. That is the condition of the
proposition, as I understand it from what has been
stated by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and by other gentlemen who are mem-
bers of that committee.
It seems to be urged by those who are friendly
to this banking transaction—this proposition to
loan the treasure of the Federal Government to
British bankers for nine months,—it seems, 1 say,
with that class of gentlemen, to be esteemed ne-
cessary that there should be certain financiering
operations in connection with the payment of this
money. .
Now, I do not understand that as being natural
or necessary, by any means. It is alluded to by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; it is alluded to in public rumor; it is con- j
fessed by the Secietary of State in his personal
intercourse with the chairman of the Committee I
of Ways and Means, that the Mexican Govern-
ment has intimated a desire that this instalment of
money, which will be due under our treaty with
Mexico on the first day of June next, shall be ]
paid directly to that Government. This, then, ,
becomes the issue: Shall this money take the cir-
cuit of three of the banking houses of Europe, and
after undergoing the financiering of a set of bank-
ers, reach, under a shave, the Mexican Govern-
ment? Or shall it be paid in a plain, direct,
straightforward manner to the accredited minister
of that Government resident here ? 1 he Mexican
minister, under the direction and authority of his
Government, is now in this city, at the door of
your Treasury, prepared to receive the money and
execute an acquittance to this Government for the
amount, and the learned chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, as 1 understand, has
intimated that it is advisable, in view of the con-
dition of the Mexican Republic, that this Govern-
ment should anticipate the period of payment, in
order to enable that Government to discharge some
of its liabilities. The same gentleman contended
for the propriety of transferring the funds of the
United States to the hands of British bankers, and
intimated that it would be unsafe for this Govern-
ment to put the money m the hands of the accred-
ited agent of the Mexican Government. And why ?
Why, forsooth, because these are revolutionary
times, and because the Government of Mexico
might undergo a sudden transformation; Herrera
might be dethroned, and Santa Anna placed m the
supreme command. If this should be so, how
would it affect the transaction ? Suppose it should
all take place, is there any force m the position
assumed by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that this Government runs any
hazard m paying over the money at this time,
whatever individual may succeed to the supreme
command? The proposition contains its own con-
demnation upon the mere statement of it. I do i
not understand the course of reasoning or the ji
judgment that dictates any alarm m case we anti-
cipate the period when this money becomes due.
I had supposed that the time had gone by when it
was necessary for this Government to encourage
banks and bankers. 1 had supposed that General
| Jackson had given the finishing blow to the sys-
l tem-
' There is no doubt that these bankers are very
i respectable men, there are, perhaps, none more
1 so. Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs, of this city, are
men of high respectability—of that there is no_
question. The chairman of the Committee ot |
Ways and Means is unwilling to shave Mexico;
but he is quite willing to shave ihese bankers. ■
Shave bankers ! Shave Corcoran & Riggs ! Why, |
sir, they live by shaving; they have become fatted, :
and have grown great by shaving. Tneir sub- j
stance has been derived from shaving the public
Treasury. Yes, sir, these men are already lath- 1
ered and anxious to be shaved; they are waiting
to be shaved. They make this contract for the
purpose of a shave; but who is to be the shaver,
and who the shaved paity ? What, undertake to
shave the Barings, the bankers of all the Govern-
ments on earth—a house that has lived by sha- ,
vino- exclusively I And the honorable chairman
of tTie Committee of Ways and Means talks about j
shaving them ! I do not Souk at this opciation of !
shaving by this Government, in the same light
that ihe honoiable chairman of the Committee ot
Ways and Means does. How is it with the
Mexican Government? Why, like our own, she
| has just come out of a conflict of arms—though the
! analogy here ceases, for she came out of the strug-
; gle worsted, and we came out victorious—she is
! anxious to establish her Government upon a strong
, basis—to satisfy the demands of her creditors; and
i she comes here by her accredited minister, and
; says, If you will discharge this debt in advance,
we will release you from your obligation, so far
as this instalment is concerned, and we will save
you the trouble of conveying the money to us, and
we will pay you interest on the amount for nine
months. This is a transaction that is very com-
mon. It is the privilege of Mexico to make the
: proposition, and it would be in accordance with
1 candor arid fair dealing on our part to accede to
; it. Now, sir, if there is any authority—and I take
1 it for granted, from the statefhent of my friend, the
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that there is—if the Mexican minister heie
is authorized to receive at the hands of this Gov-
ernment this money, in anticipation of the period
when it shall become due—if it is true that he is
authorized to receipt for it, I would rather, as a
' private citizen advance one hundred millions of
dollars direct to the Government of Mexico, than
to send it traveling round by a devious course
through the hands of bankers.
If there is any advantage to be gained, any
profit to be made out of this Government by anti-
cipating the period of its indebtedness in the pay-
ment of this sum, let the advantage flow to a sister
Republic, who we know needs aid and assistance,
and not deliver the interests of that Republic over
to the tender mercies of a set of voracious bankers.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means seems to think that it is a great
favor to this Government for Corcoran & Riggs
and Baring & Brothers to take this loan, just as
though they, or any other bankers, were governed
by any other law than the law of percentage.
This stands prominent in every argument he
makes. But before he conceded his remarks he
was compelled to confess that these bankers were
going to make out of the transaction about one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, which these
respectable bankers will of course transfer to their
own pockets.
Now, sir, it is for the purpose of placing this
issue before the House, and in the hope of doing
to a sister Republic perhaps a benefit—and God
knows every member of this House ought to feel
disposed to do that struggling Republic all the good
he can—that I have ventured to intrude upon the
attention of the committee in reference to this sub-
ject, though I do not profess to be as well acquaint-
ed with financiering as somegentlemen on this floor.
Mr. EW1NG said, by the terms of the treaty of
Guadalupe H idalgo, our Government stipulated to
pay $3,500,000 a year for five years. These pay-
ments were to be made in June of each year, so
that this for which they were now called to ap-
propriate would not be paid until June next. He
protested most strongly against this House making
an appropriation for a deficit that had not occurred
and which could not occur, until the next session
of Congress had adjourned.
Mr. JONES. I atk my colleague if we are not
now appropriating every dollar which it will be
necessary tor the Government to expend up to the
30th June, 1851 ?
Mr. EW1NG. We are certainly by this bill
anticipating, by some nine or twelve months, the
day upon which the payment is stipulated to be
made, and which can be made at the next ses-
sion m time to enable the Government to discharge
its obligations under the treaty.
Mr. JONES. 1 do not wish to trouble my col-
league, but I wish to say that next winter Con-
gress will be called upon to appropriate all the
money that will be wanted by the Government be-
tween the 30th day of June, 1851, and the 1st July,
1852.
Mr. EWING. What does my colleague pre-
sume we shall gain by now making the appropria-
tion for this Mexican indemnity r
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) About $227,000
Mr. EWfNG. We shall i;ain ^227,000. How?
By speculating with the money of the Government.
You propose to makethe payment to brokers who
are not the persons authorized to receive it, and we
are to make the speculation m that tfay.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of the gentleman from Tennessee, 1 will cell his
attention to this point: I understand that the Mex-
