1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
mise in any given case, is a practical question, to
be determined by the circumstances. 1 suppose
no one dreams of the cession of any of the ques-
tions connected with the application of California.
With the views I entertain, and have expressed
upon that subject, I never can consent to compro-
mise away her rights. Such a measure is disa-
vowed in all parts of this chamber. But measures
far short of that, from the indications we have re-
ceived, would afford satisfactory grounds for ad-
justment. Many who object to the admission of
California as an insulated proposition, haveavowed ;
their willingness . to abandon their opposition, if
that measure is connected to a bill for the govern-
ment of the territories. Is that a compromise
which involves any suriender of principle, or, in-
deed, of expediency ? Is it not a small peace-offer-
ing upon the altar of our country, if it is followed
by the restoration of peace and harmony? As has
been well remarked by the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky, it will be fulfilling an obligation
we have solemnly taken; it will give equally to
the people acquired by the same treaty, the govern-
ments suited to their condition.
It is, in fact, no compromise, but the perform-
ance of a duty. It is doing precisely what we
oui<ht to do, and what we have engaged to do. If
the opposition to California can be removed by
such an act—compromise, if you please to call
it—and that State brought into the Union more
easily and more speedily, as I believe it can, I am
in favor of it; as i should be opposed to it, were
thai ^reat measure put to hazard. And I hold
myself j^s free to act after the report of the com-
mittee as I am now—under no obligation, how-
ever slight, to accept it, unless I think it just arid
reasonable. And I am well satisfied that we shall
secure the admission of California much sooner
by this process than by any other, especially by
endless opposition arid endless discussion, of which
this day has had its full share, as has many a day
before, and as will many a day hereafter, if the
same spirit prevails; and while we are thus talk-
ing about delay in the admission of California,
that very delay is produced more by this cause
than by all other causes put together.
I am opposed to any instructions, for a most
obvious reason. Would you make a farce of what
should be a solemn measure? lf,.you select thir-
teen members of this body as a committee of refer-
ence, have you not confidence enough in them to
trust something to their discretion? If you have
not, you had better abandon the project. Cannot
you trust them to talk over this whole matter, and
to tell you what they think of it, without fettering
their thoughts and their tongues, and saying omit
this and that subject, for we cannot trust you even
to offer us an opinion upon it? Why, sir, no hon-
orable man would serve upon such a committee,
purporting to be organized for a great national pur-
pose, and responsible in the eyes of the country
for its proceedings and its recommendations, but
divested of ail means of effecting any valuable ob-
ject, and rendered impotent by the very act of its
creation. I am willing to have the opinion of any
thirteen members of this Senate upon this whole
subject, and then I shall be as fiee as I am willing
to consider their repoit in a spirit of respect, and
to adopt just as much of it as i think the public
interest requires. In the mean time, and while
the committee is delibei ating, I shall vote with the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky for proceed-
ing with the discussion respecting the admission of
California, and making all the progress we can.
Mr. BENTON. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Maine is now pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has been
making inquiry, and now learns that this amend-
ment was submitted to the original motion first,
and that it was withdrawn, and was appended by
the Senator to the motion now pending. The
Chair, in comparing the amendments, finds a ver-
bal difference.
Mr. BENTON. Then the Chair decides^ that
the amendment of the Senator from Maine is not
now pending before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the impres-
sion of the Chair. The Chair is of opinion that
it is out of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Chair allow me to
make an inquuy? Was there any amendment to
the motion now pending'
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from Maine will
allow me, I think I can explain this. The other
day, pending the amendment of the honorable i
Senator fiom Missoun, I submitted an amendment i
which gave the motion its present shape, so far as ;
I recollect. 1 have a tolerably distinct memoiy of !
the fact, and I think the record will also show it. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under- j
stands, that after the present motion to refer the !
resolutions of the Senator from Tennessee and
those of the Senator from Kentucky to a select
committee, that then the Senator fiom Missouri
submitted to that motion the following amend-
ment:
(l But nothing in these resolutions shall bo construed to
authorize tiie said < ommittce to lake into eon-*! delation any-
thing which ielates to the admission of CalUonua into the j
Union." \
And the vote was taken on it, and it wasie- j
jected; and now the Senator submits the following: j
" Exccpt-o much as leldte^ to the ad tuition of Califui- j
nia as a State.*' j
Mr. HAMLIN. There are certain resolutions J
to accompany this resolution of the Senator from j
Mississippi to the select committee. My amend- J
ment is simply to prevent a part of these rcsolu- j
tions from going to that committee, leaving the j
rest of the resolutions to go to it. The other j
amendment was that the whole of the resolutions :
should go, but that they should not act upon them, j
1 think there is a difference in the two proposi-
tions. 1 proposed to keep from that committee a
certain portion of the resolutions proposed to be
submitted by the Senator from Mississippi. The
amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri
did not propose to withhold any of the resolutions,
but to instruct the committee how to act after they
had got there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair reads
the first amendment, in the following woids:
" But r.oihi'ig in tins resolution Miall be conMiucd to
authorize the taid committee to take ntio eon&uler.ition
am thing which relates to the admission ot Cahtoinuiasa
Suite into the Union/'
The present amendment is to except from the
reference so much of the same as relates to the
admission of California as a State. The only dif-
ference is, that in the one case they aie proposed to
be referred to the committee with instructions, and
in the other without'
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly; the action of the
j committee must be the same in both cases. 1
I now understand the question to be decided by the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is a proper question for the Senate to decide.
Mr. BENTON. Then I understand that the
amendment is pending, and I offer as an amend-
ment to the amendment the fourteen points of
instruction; and I shall ask the vote of the Senate
| and the yeas and nays upon each of these fourteen
j points; and I wiii see whether or not the pievious
; question is in force here yet.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
1 Missouri moves to amend the amendment by
; adding thereto the following:
With m-nucnons that, in any hill, scheme, or other
of California with any matter foreign to flic Admission of
thfH Siato m a direct manner, on precisely equal foo lug
with ibe ousinal State-, and unincumbered wita any other
conditions, responsibilities, or considerations.
Mr. BENTON. There were five others offered
before these, which I wJsh would take precedence
of them:
They were read as follows:
Provided, Thar nothing in this instruction shall be con-
strued to authorize the said committee lo take into consid-
eration anything that relates to either of the Sour loliowing
subjects:
1. The abolition of slavery within the States.
2. The suppression of the slave trade between the States.
3. The abolition of slavery within the forts, arsenals,
J dock-yard-, and n.tvy-jarrts ot the Unittd States.
i 4. A ohtion of M.uery within tlie Dwu.etol Columbia.
Jnd yrotided further. That said ooiunnltee shall not take
into con&ideranon any'question in relation to the sulvpct of
 slavery in the United Suites*, wluth bhall not be
1.
! measure or measuies they may it port, thev thai I not eon-
i nect the adnn-Mon of the Stale of O iiioruia with an\ other
i proposed legislation which thai! require the a&soni ot an j
| otiier State to ns coinph turn. M
lj* 2. That they shall not connect the admission of the aiaie j!
'of California with any nira-ere winch is connected unha |>
question of boundaiy or otner controversy with any other i;
State. I'
3 That they shall not connret the adtm.^ion of the Slate
! of California With any oilier nua-uie ol less dignity than .
! the reception and adun-sion of a sovereign State to be anew ,
1 and entite meiiilvt of ihio Union. ]
i 4. That they shall not make California a partv to, or in |
! arty wav include or conmct her with, any piovision in the '
nature or intent ot a coinp.u t rHatma to sl.tveiy, or to any j
; slave State or slave ten itorj. other than the compacts oi the J
; Constituiion. |
] 5. That thev shall not make California a patty to, or in !
i any way include oi connect her with, any provision in the j
i nature or intent of a compact of an> desi upturn, other than .
; the compacts of the Constitution, and those compacts rela- ,
• tuisi to the domain which have been here'ofore rtqnued ot
i new States formed out of the terutoiy of the UmU d States
! 6 That they shall notieport any measure proposing a;,y
j alteration in the boundaries of the State ol California,
j 7. That they shall not make the State ot California a party
! to, or in uny way connected wnh,oi the question of hc-i ad-
J mission in any way c. nuected with oi dependent on, any
j piovision in the nattne of a con-pact w Inch ha* not been re*
! quired of either of the following mum d States: Ohio, In-
. diana, Illinois, Michigan. Louisiana. Mi-st^fppt, Alabama,
| Arkan-as, Mio-ouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Florida.
8. That thev shall not make a party to, or in any manner j: g1
I specially referred to it by order ot the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. I undetstood the Chair to
; decide that it is a question for the Senate to de-
' termine whether the amendment now proposed by
! the Senator fiom Maine is not the same in sub-
I stance as that offered by the Senator from Mis-
i souri.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair deci-
i deci that it was not so identical as to make it the
j same.
; Mr. DICKINSON. i understood that ftie
Chair was going to submit the question to the
Seriate?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This, if I understand it,
is a proposition by the' Senator from Missouri to
amend a proposition submitted by the Senator
II from Maine. The Chair doubts as to the point of
i order in reference to the proposition submitted by
! the Senator from Maine, but 1 wish the decision
| of the Chair upon the point of order embiaced in
• the proposition offered by the gentleman from
i Missouri. Now, we have just adopted a resoiu-
i Uon that we will not instruct the committee. The
i resolution, or rather amendment, proposed by the
! Senator from Maine, does not propose to send any
; instructions to the committee, but is an exception
j of a portion of the subject to be committtd. It
; seems to me, however, that the amendmentof the
! Senator from Missouu contemplates an instruction
1 as to what the committee shail and what it shall
1 not do; and it therefore piescnts itself to my mind
1 that, so far as they propose to direct the commit-
: tee that it shall or shah not do such and such a
; thing, it is m violation of the amendment of my
colleague, which has already been decided, and
j therefore not in order, although the proposition of
!j the gentleman from Maine may be in oider.
j While I am up, permit me to make one or two
I other remarks, i must say that I concur entirely
! with the remarks which have been made by the
I honorable Senator from Michigan on this subject.
I 1 think they were very seasonable, and hope they
I may have their due weight. 1 regret exceedingly
i that we should be here hour sfler hour, and day
! after day, discussing things of noimportance; and
: I wouid submit to the honorable Senator from
j Missouri whether there can be any utility in pro-
| pusing such instructions, or in taking the course
i he is now pursuing. Sir, would it do any good if
I 1 sveie to take up the Constitution of the United
; States, and propose thut the committee should not
1 interfere with the establishment of religion in the
; country; that it should not interfere with liberty
• of speech; thatitshould not grant titles of nobility*
' or do any other of the hundreds of things which
! may be prohibited by the Constitution, or by the
| whole tenor of our institutions? Certainly, sir, if
a young member like myself, a gentleman un-
• known to fame, as humble and unpietending as
' I am, should do a thing of that sort, what iittle
j; reputation I do possess would very soon be lost.
Now, sir, it seems to me that these general ab-
stract propositions, although perfectly true, and
' although no one would gainsay one of them, we
! should not he alarmed at rejecting in this way. it
:, does seem to me that if we ever intend to come to
: any practical result, we will allow the committee
;i to go out, as proposed by the Senator from Mtchi-
jJ to give us the benefit of their consultations;
!j and when they present the result of their labors
\\ before us, we can consult them, and we will get
J rid of all these abstract propositions, which the
pntleman from Missouri must see are only calcu-
o. j nai inev siuuj nut i11<tke a pai ly 10, or m iiiiy iititniici i; j? • ,J
bind to, include in, oi connect w ufi, any provision having {] lated to emharrass the question it is so desirable
> the character or intent ol a compact, anv State, or people j; should be settled.
| having lite political orgdniz .uon oi a tfiaie, not represented j i Mr_ presicientj I present the point of order. I
| "V^l'hTuhey shall not connect the admission of theState II think it is out of order to propose these poults of
