1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18*15
ican Government is indebted to the Government
of Great Britain. Here is a transaction by which
our Government undertakes to pay over indirectly
to Barings & Co., some $3,000,000. Cuibono?
Whenever it gets into the hands of these bankers,
the British Government may lay its hands upon it,
and here, then, in that case, will arise a struggle
between the British and the Mexican Govern-
ments, involving, not unlikely, our own.
Mr. EWIiNG. Yes. And that is the very diffi-
culty which we get into by making the appropria-
tion before the time.
Mr. VINTON said, Mr. Walker eighteen months
a°*o made cxactly the same arrangement.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to Mr. Vinton.) Why
do you object, then, to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, whlth follows the same prece-
dent?
Mr. EWING (resuming) said, that if they made
the appropriation as proposed, some nine months
before the time when it was due, and paid it to
the present Mexican Government, we should run
the risk of the Government being overthrown be-
fore that time. In that case the United Slates
would be called upon to make the payment
again. But they were told that the present Mex-
ican Government had the right to receive it.
He denied it. He argued that the treaty-making
power of the two Governments was the only
power which could dispense with the contract
contained in the treaty; and he said there was
no evidence that the Mexican Government, in
due form, had agreed to receive the money; hence,
if we paid it now, we should be liable to be called
on to pay it again, in discharge of our treaty obli-
gations. He insisted, theiefore, that the money
should not be paid, and 3aid that so far from our
getting out of difficulty by making the payment
now, we should be likely to involve ourselves in j
grfat difficulties.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 desire to
know whether my colleague desires this money
to be transhipped to Mexico? or, whether he does
not expect that either now or next winter the Gov-
ernment must authorize the employment of some
agent ?
Mr. EWING. Unquestionably. The treaty
provides that the money shall be paid at the city
of Mexico. The Executive agents of the two
Governments can determine the mode, but cannot
hasten the time of payment. There is a vast dif-
ference.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
my colleague to object to the proposition to trans-
fer this money by the agency of merchants, who
shall give their obligation to pay it at the proper
time in the city of Mexico: I ask if he expects to
dispense altogether with such an agency?
Mr. EWING. Not at all. Bui if we hasten
the time of payment nine months, we take the
risk for nine months of the solvency of the parties,
and of the stability of the present Government of
Mexico. If we do not make the appropriation
until it is necessary, in time to reach the city of
Mexico by the first of June, we do not run the
risk of the insolvencies, difficulties and embarrass-
ments that may crowd upon the commercial world
before June next. They were asked to appro-
priate the money now, and make some $70,000 or
$80,000 by the operation. It might be all safe,
lie had no right to impugn—he did not impugn
ihe solvency of the agents whom it was proposed
to employ—he did not impugn the solvency of any
one of whom he knew nothing; but this he did
say, if the Government embarked in these specu-
lative operations it would find itself some day in-
volved in great difficulty and losses in conse-
quence.
Now, he would ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, why it was that they
could not make the appropriation at the next
session of Congress, and tins money be paid to
Mt-xico by the 30th of June ?
Mr. BAYLY. In answer to the gentleman from
Tennessee, who asks why this bill cannot be
passed at the next session of Congress, I beg to
say, what I have already said, that unless these
bankers have some time, they can give no pre-
mium at all. On the contrary, if you throw
^3,500,000 on the exchange of the Mexican mar-
ket at once, without any time to work it off, so far
from getting a premium you will have to pay a
premium or export the specie.
The gentleman from Tenne
Lennessee says you iun
the risk of the solvency of these banking houses.
Why, we do not pay a dollar under this contract
until we^have the receipt of the Mexican Govern-
ment. There is a scene occurring in this House
which it is my duty to expose. A parcel of spec-
ulators are about the Hall misrepresenting this
thing from beginning to end.
Mr. EWING. I trust my friend will follow
the course which he recommended the other day,
and not lose his temper. [A laugh.]
Mr. BAYLY. If my friend from Tennessee will
excuse me, I am not losing my temper. I never
was in better temper m my life, but 1 am speaking
loud so as to be heard, which is very difficult in
the confusion of the Hall.
Mr. EWING. If the gentleman means that I
am influenced by speculators 
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) Certainly I do
not.
Mr. EWING, (continuing his sentence,) he is
greatly mistaken, lor I know none of them.
[Some gentleman was understood to suggest, in
an under tone, that if the money were paid now,
our Government could get the receipt of the Mex-
ican Government at a discount.]
Mr. EWING. The whole matter comes out
now. You are going to speculate upon the Mex-
ican Government. That Government is in want,
and is willing to take payment of this instalment
in advance and make a deduction. He objected
to any such financial transaction on the part of our
Government. He objected to the United States
undertaking to pay this money to Mexico anterior
to the time when it was due, for the purpose of spec-
ulation. He objected to the Government involving
itself with private persons in a transaction of this
nature. Whenever the time at which it was due
arrived, let them pay the money to the agent au-
thorized to receive it, who knew the best mode of
transhipment or exchange, and deliver it in the
city of Mexico in such manner as should leheve
us of our treaty obligation to make this payment.
Mr. VINTON said he was quite sure that if
the committee had listened to the remarks made
by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. King,]
and the chairman of the Committee ol Ways atiu
Means, [Mr. Bayly,] on this subject, it would not
be necessary to go into any argument to satisfy
the committee that the proposed amendment 01
his colleague [Mr. Disney] ought not to be adopted.
He should not, therefore, enter at all into the de-
tails of the arrangement which the Secretary of
Slate had made with the parties who had been
named to pay the coming instalment to the Mex-
ican Government. What he desired, however,
particulaily to state was, that the bill now under
consmeration making an appropriation for the
payment of the third instalment, is an exact copy
of the act making appropriations for the first two
instalments. When it became necessaty to pro-
vide for the first instalment, he (Mr. V.) was chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means. This
was under the administration of President Polk.
His attention was eatly called to this subject by
the Executive, at the first session of the last Con-
gress. After an examination of the subject he
had then reported a bill in the precise form now
adopted. Two instalments had already been paid
under laws precisely like the present bill, and the
payments under those laws had been made in a
manner satisfactory to tiie country and to Mexico;
and he had heard no good reason assigned why
anew precedent should now be estaohshed. Gen-
tlemen had taken exception to the arrangement
which had been made with the parties named to
pay the money to Mexico, as the agent of the '
United States; and the argument went upon the as- :
sumption that this was a bill to recognize and coil-
firm that arrangement. So far from it, this was
no.hitig but a mere naked appropriation bill, put-
ting into the hands oi the Executive the money ne-
cessary to meet the instalment falling due. It says
nothing about the contract which the Secretary '
of State has made with the Government bankers to
pay the money. It neither affirms nor disaffirms
that contract, and it knows nothing of the con-
tract, If the money ue appropriated, it will be-
come the duty of the Piesident to direct the
means and mode of payment, and for the faithful
and proper discharge of the duty, he will be re-
sponsible to Congress and the country. The
mam grouud of objection seems to be, that a con-
tract, providing the terms and mode of payment, j
has been entered into by the piesent Executive i
before the money has been appropriated by Con-
gress. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Ewing,] and others on that side of the House,
who have urged that objection, are probably not
aware that in so doing the present Executive has
only followed the precedent set him by Mr. Polk;
and all the remarks of that gentleman condemna-
tory of what has now been done, are equally a
reflection on the last Administration. He did
not say this for the purpose of reflecting on the
last Administration. So far from that, he ap-
proved then and now of the policy of making the
contract in advance of the appropriation. When
the first instalment was to be provided for, the last
Administration had made a contract with the Ba-
rings to pay the money to Mexico for a premium
of 4| per cent, instead of 3|, the late now agreed
upon. He, (Mr. V.,) as chairman of the Ways
and Means, had then inquired into the subject,
which, like the present contract, was the topic of
some conversation similar ill its nature to what is
now afloat. On looking into the subject, he was
fully satisfied, that in making the contract in ad-
vance, the Administration had consulted the inter-
est of the United States; that by making the con-
tract so as to give to the agents of the Government
a longer time than intervenes between the appro-
priation and the day of payment, to place sojlarge
an amount of money in a foreign country, and at
the satne time adapt it to the commercial wants of
Mexico, as well as to their own convenience, bet-
ter terms could be obtained than if the making of
the contract with the Government were postponed
to near the day of payment. He was satisfied,
that in doing this the late Administration had
adopted a sound and wise policy. Accordingly,
he had made no complaint of the Administration
then, nor did any one on this side of the House
take any exception to what had been done. The
premium obtained by the last Administration was
4i per cent., being one per cent, more than the
premium now contracted for; but at that time ex-
change between the United States and England
was full three per cent, less than now, while the
Mexican export duly on specie was (our and a
half per cent, greater than no#. Both of these
changes operate against the premium, and their
due influence would probably exceed considerably
the difference between the premium obtained then
and now. Giving due weight to all the circum-
stances, the present is probaolyjthe moie favorable
contract to the United States; though, he had 110
doubt, the last Administration got the best terms it
could oblain. Gentlemen complain of this con-
tract, and denounce it because the Barings, who
are British bankers, are parlies to it. Here, too,
the precedent of the late Administration has been
followed with an addition only of American par-
ties. The last Administration contracted with the
Banngs alone, the very same British bankets, to
pay the first instalment. The present contract,
besides the responsibility of the British house,
has added to it two American houses of known
credit, soundness and ability. But the Barings
are known to the whoie commercial world;
and though the contract of ihe late Adminis-
tration was with the British house alone, still
it was safe enough. But the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, sees a very deep-
laid plot in making the Barings a party to this con-
tract. He says that Mexico owes a large amount
to England, and that the plan is to get this money
into the hands of the Barings, in England, wheie
the British Government can seize tne monev of
Mexico 111 payment of her deot. He (Mr. V.)
believed that Mexico was indented to ihe su!je;ts
of Great Britain; but he had never before heard
that Mexico owed anything to the Government of
that countiy. Audit the fact were so, heieaUo
the present Administration is but following in the
tootsteps of the last. Alexico, two yeais ago,
owed as much to the people ot Great Britain as at
the present tune, and there was the same opponu-
nity then as now to seize the money of Mexico
m [he hands of the Banngs. But it was not done,
for the best ol reasons: because it couid not be
done. Wh at is this contract? The parties con-
tracting with our Government engage to pay to
Mexico, at the city of Mexico, uiree miii.ons
three hundied and sixty thousand dollars, due
fr« m this country so Um? on the 30th ot May next.
For so doing the Government ot the United Slates
agrees to pay to these parties the same amount
