1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 18.
less three and a half percent., or less? one hundred
and seventeen thousand six hundred dollars.
When they get their money, like other persons
the/ have a right to do what they please with it—
leave it here or carry it off to England; it is none
of our business or concern which. It is their
money and not the money of Mexico. Suppose,
then, they take it to England: what next? The
gentleman from Illinois is a lawyer, and acquainted
with British as well as American law. What right
has either the Government of Great Britain, or her
citizens who are creditors of Mexico, to seize the
money of the Barings? Would not the Barings
still be obliged to pay Mexico and obtain her dis-
charge of the liabilities of the United States, and
thus lose the whole sum ? Or if before the seizure
of the money and the execution of this plot of
the Barings, they had paid the money to Mexico,
in that case would they not lose the whole? They
could not in any event escape from paying Mex-
ico. No doubt the gentleman from Illinois has been
told that this plot actually exists; but if the gen-
tleman, before putting out that charge, had suffered
himself to reflect for a moment, he never would
have made it; for he could not have failed to per-
ceive how stupid it is to suppose the Batings to be
green enough to enter into a plot to the tune of
three and a quarter millions out of their own pock-
eta.
But his colleague [Mr. Cartter] makes an as-
sault upon one of the American parties to this con-
tract, and indulges very freely in harsh epithets
against Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs, who, he is
pleased to say, have fattened till they are bloated
with wealth, by shaving the Government. It so
happens that these gentleman are well known to
us all; and we all know that there are no more
honorable men in the country—none more above
all reproach than they. When, how, or where,
did they ever shave the Government of the United
States, or had the opportunity to do it, if they
were disposed ? He would be glad his colleague
would enlighten us on this subject, and inform us
what he understands shaving to be. He supposed
his colleague had allusion to their contracts with
the Government during the last Administration,
for a large amount of the Government loan. And
how did they get that contract, and in what way
did they shave the Government? The United
States were obliged to borrow money to meet the
expenses of the Mexican war, but the Secretary
of the Treasury was required by law to advertise
some two months or more inviting bidders, and
bound to give the loan to those who bid and paid
the most for the stock of the United States. All
the world was invited to come forward as bidders.
All bid as much as they thought proper; and the
result was, that Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs ob-
tained the greater part of the loan. And why?
Simply because they offered to pay more money
for the stock than the Government would find any
one else in all the wide world willing to pay for it.
This is the only way they ever shaved the Gov-
ernment, so far as ever known, it is true they
had made a good deal of money out of this opera-
tion, and he (Mr. V.) was glad they had done it;
and why had they made it? Because since trie
close of the war, the commercial condition of the
country had been such as to give an abundant and
overflowing revenue; and this state of the Treasu-
ry had caused a large advance in the price of Gov-
ernment securities. But suppose, on the other
hand, that a commercial revulsion had followed
the war, as was confidently anticipated by many
of the best informed and most sagacious persons,
which would necessarily have brought with it a
want of revenue to meet the wants and demands
of the Government, and a consequent decline in
the price of stocks, these contractors for the stock
would, in all probability, have been ruined. So
that it wilt be seen, that as their prosperity de-
pended on the pio&penty of the coun.ry, it is far
butter for us all that they should be gainers rather
than losers by their contract. Mr. V. said he
would repeat, that the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. King,] and the chairman of the Ways
and Means, had so fully explained the terms and
advantages of the contract now made with these
parties to pay to Mexico the next instalment, that
he would not weary the committee by going into
its details. He hoped the bill would pass without
amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the committee rise,
in order to afford an opportunity to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Bayly] to offer a resolution closing the debate.
The motion having been agreed to—
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY moved a resolution, in the usual
terms, providing that all debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on said bill
should terminate in five minutes after its consider-
ation should have been resumed.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. GILBERT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to give notice of the introduction of
certain bills.
The SPEAKER said, there was a motion pend-
ing to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but the gentleman from California
[Mr. Gilbert] could at any time give the notice
under the rule.
The motion of Mr. Bayly having been then
agreed to—
The House again resolved itsel f into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed
the consideration of the Mexican indemnity bill.
Mr. DISNEY said, he had but a word to say
in reply to what had fallen from gentlemen around
him. The debate had taken a range far beyond
anything he had contemplated when he proposed
his amendment. He did not discover in all the
plausible but superficial arguments of those gen-
tlemen who advocated this measure, any solid
objection which had been urged against his amend-
ment. His object was to set aside the present
contracts. Beyond that he had no object. It was
his desiie that this contract should be thrown open
to the market, so that every one might have the
opportunity to make an offer for it. He would
leave the Secretary of the Treasury at liberty to
use his own discretion in the selection of agents.
A single word only in reply to the specious ar-
guments in defence of the bill. The argument is,
that the bill places the responsibility on the Presi-
dent of the United States where it rightly belongs,
lie did not allow that his amendment changed the
bill in that respect. It did not relieve the Presi-
dent of this responsibility. The duties of the Ex-
ecutive are defined by the Constitution. It is not
in our power either to enlarge or to diminish these
duties. In the daily legislation of this House, we
recognize the constitutional duties of the Presi-
dent, and contradict the arguments which have
been made against the amendment. His colleague
[Mr. Vinton] had stated that this bill was a copy
of the bill which was formerly passed by Con-
gress. His colleague had asked, " Why should
it be altered ?" Aye, why ? Why, because, in this
case the House is advertised, that there has been a
party not excitable by any nice feelings or im-
pulses of patriotism, who have stepped forward,
and seized the opportunity, and possessed them-
selves of this contract; and if you pass this bdl,
you either directly or indirectly give a sanction to
a contract thus made. That was the reason why
this bill should be made different from the former
bill. This contract also not only covers the pres-
ent payment, but extends also to the payments of
the next instalment to Mexico.
He put this question to the gentleman: Does
not this case present one which covers both the
present payment and that whieh is to be made
hereafter' The gentleman says not.
His colleague had represented this question as
one which was involved in intricacy: and certainly
his colleague had been very happy in disentangling
it by his illustrations. His colleague had stated that
it was connected with financial circumstances !
which few men could understand. The actual I
value of the transportation of specie from Mexico j
to London, and to the United States, was to be i
estimated by the rate of exchange, which was from
eleven to twelve per cent. That was the rate of
exchange between London and Mexico. So that
Corc iran Riggs agreed to pay three and a half
per cent, for what they would be enabled to sell
at eleven or twelve per cent.
Mr. BAYLY said, he did not intend to detain
the committee with many remarks; indeed, he
was not sure that he should have added anything
were it not to supply some omissions which he
had made in his opening remarks.
The gentleman from Ohio (continued Mr. B.)
has said, that the gentleman from Tennessee has
proved by his remarks the truth of his statement,
that this matter of foreign exchange was but little
understood by members. I assure him that the
gentleman from Tennessee is right, and that he is
entirely wrong; and he says there is testimony
derived from official authority, showing that ex*
change on London at Mexico is eighteen per cent.
Now, as I stated in my opening remarks, every-
body is aware that the exchange between two
places, independently of any legal impediment,
cannot be much more than the cost of transport*
ing specie.
Mr. DISNEY (the floor being yielded) said,
the proposition is undoubtedly true, that the cost
of the transmission of the *\noney, together with
the insurance, transit duty, drayage, &c., make
up the whole cost. He then read an official state-
ment of the items of cost for transmuting the
money from thecity of Mexico to London,amount-
ing to 11| per cent; yet the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (he said) talks about two per cent.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Ohio ought
to understand, that m stating the exchanges be-
tween two countries, the charge of transportation
from interior towns is never included, but only
from the port of shipment—from Vera Cruz in
this case 
Mr. DISNEY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. DISNEY, if he had $100 in the city of
Mexico, and wished to transport it to London,
I ask, what it would cost to get it there?
Mr. BAYLY. It would cost the freight, in-
surance, the duty, and a small per centage for
transacting the business.
The gentlemen from Ohio, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, has said that the nominal
exchange between this country and England,
which is 9j per cent, does not exist in Mexico.
My friend explained correctly, that it grows out
of the difference of the value of the sovereign,
we make it $4 84, while in England it is §4 44.
So much for the gold. But in respect to silver:
we all know that silver is not a legal tender in
England, except to a very small extent. It is not
a legal tender in any sum over forty shillings.
The consequence is, that silver dollars are purely
a matter of merchandize in the London market.
It is only valuable as bullion. Well, the selling
price of a Mexican dollar in England is generally
about four shillings and two pence, which is about
seven and a half per cent, below the value of the
Mexican dollar. So that the nominal exchange in
respect to silver is about the same as in respect to
gold.
Why, sir, it is not worth while for anybody to
stop to inquire about this matter. The thing speaks
for itself. When you can carry specie from Mex-
ico to London by paying the export duty, five and
a half per cent., and the cost of transmission, one
and a half, making seven per cent., u is absurd to
say the real exchange is eighteen per cent.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ewing]
seemed to suppose that there would be some inse-
curity to the Government in this transaction. He
says, if you advance money to these bankers, and
in the mean time they should fail, you wilt lote
the whole sum advanced. Now, in the first place
the bankers will pay interest on the advances made
to them; and as they are money lenders rather
than money borrowers, it is not probable they will
ask for any advances. They will be required to
give security. It is known that the Barings, As*
pin wall & Co., and Corcoran & Riggs, are large
holders of Government stocks. The securities,
therefore, that they will probably give, will be the
hypothecation ol your own stocks to secure these
advances should they be made; and it is utterly
impossible, therefore, that the Government can
run any risk in this transaction. Besides, who
are the Barings? Tneyare already the accredited
bankers of this Government. Millions of dollars
of our money pass through their hands every year.
All of our ministers abroad are paid through the
Barings; and through them also are made our
other disbursements m foreign countries. They
have been approved as being most able and faith-
ful agents of this Government. The Government
has never lost a dollar in any transaction with
them. On the contrary, the taith of the Govern-
ment has never failed to be redeemed while they
