1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Mr. CLAY. I hope that order will be pre-
served.
Mr. BENTON. We are not goins to get off
in this way. A pistol has been brought here to
assassinate me. The scoundrel had no reason to
think I was armed, for I carry nothing of the kind,
sir.
Mr. FOOTE. I brought it here to defend my-
sel f.
( Mr. BENTON. Nothing of the kind, sir. It
is a false imputation. I carry nothing of the kind,
and no assassin has a right to draw a pistol on me.
Several Senators. "Order," "order."
Mr. BENTON. It is a mere pretext of the
assassin. Will the Senate take notice of it, or
shall I be forced to take notice of it by going and
getting a weapon myself? A pistol has been
brought here and drawn upon me by an assassin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will be
seated.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will be
pleased to suspend their remarks until order is re-
stored. Senators are requested to be seated.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Business cannot
proceed until order is restored.
Mr. HALE. I hope ordeV will be kept in the
galleries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is too much
noise in the galleries. Q,uiet and order must be
restored.
Mr. FOOTE. May I proceed in order?
Mr. BENTON. I demand that the Senate shall
take immediate cognizance of the feet of this pis-
tol having been brought here to assassinate me,
under the villainous pretext that I was armed—the
pretext of every assassin who undertakes to con-
stitute a case of self-defence when laying out the
death of his victim. Will the Senate notice it, or
shall I myself, for it shall not pass. I will not be
satisfied here.
Mr. FOOTE. If my presenting a pistol here
has been understood as anything except the neces-
sary means of self-defence, after threats of per-
sonal chastisement, it is doing me a wrong. I
saw him advancing towards me, and I took it for
granted he was armed; for had I thought other-
wise, I should have stopped to meet him in that
narrow alley. But I supposed that he was armed,
and therefore I determined to take ground where 1
could meet him more fairly, and I drew out the
pistol and was ready to fire it in self-defence. I
have never sought any man's life, nor gone in
quest of any man with a view of taking his life.
No, sir, never. My life has been a defensive one
fiom my boyhood. I mention it, not from the
imputations that have been thrown out here, but
that all the Senators present and the American
public, who may hear of this thing, may be wit-
nesses of the fact, that whilst I was making a per-
fectly parliamentary speech, threatening language
was used, menacing gestures indulged in, and an
advance made towards me, with the view, as I
supposed, of putting violent designs into effect.
I therefore retreated a few steps, with a view to
get elbow room to act in my own defence, and not
to shoot him. So help me God, such alone was
my intention.
Mr. President, I suppose I may now proceed in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks for a moment.
Mr. HALE. I have sat here supposing that
some older Senator than myself 
Mr. FOOTE. 1 have the floor.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged question;
not to make a motion, but to ask the Senate
whether it is not due to itself that this subject
should be investigated?
Mr. FOOTE. I court it.
Mr. HALE. I have merely suggested that
some such action should be taken. God knows
that it is the last duty I desire to perform—among,
as I am, the very youngest men on this floor—to
make any motion; but i should feel that I was un-
worthy of a seat on this floor if I tacitly allowed
a transaction of this kind to occur here, and go
without the investigation of a committee of this
body; and I think the Senate owes it to itself to
^proceed instanter towards such a step. Having
made the suggestion, I leave it to older, wiser, and
eager heads than my own to make the motion,
though, if nobody else does, I will do it myself.
Mr. BORLAND. So far from thinking it so
serious a matter that the Senate are called upon to
take notice of it, 1 think it a very ridiculous affair,
of which the Senate should rather feel ashamed,
and say as little about it as possible. I am a
young member of the Senate, and one perhaps of
the least experience, but to my mind there was"not
any danger on foot at all.
Mr. FOOTE. So far as I am concerned, if I
know my own heart and intentions, and some-
thing of my own character, I have nothing of the
assassin about me. I have never threatened any
personal attacks, never. My most intimate per-
sonal friends have never heard me indulge in any
such language. So help me God, I came here this
morning with no intention to dispute, but with
the desire to endeavor to settle these great questions
in such a manner as would conduce to the welfare
of the country. It is my earnest desire that this
matter shall be investigated; and I wish to state,
in advance, that if it can be proved, by construc-
tion or declaration, in any shape or form, that I
armed myself for the purpose of attacking the
Senator from Missouri, with the purpose of assas-
sination, as charged—if even a cause for suspicion
is made out against me—I beg that 1 may be ex-
pelled from this Senate, of which I should hold
myself unworthy to be a member. Yes, sir; I
say that if there is even a cause for suspicion es-
tablished, I desire that such a course may be pur-
sued towards me. But, so help me Heaven, being
threatened with chastisement, and being informed
that I was likely to be attacked, and resolving,
under no such circumstances, to make the attack
myself, I simply prepared to resist any attack.
And when I thought the attack was about to be
made, instead of putting the lives of my faends in
danger, I simply advanced for the purpose of de-
fending myself. And if the Senator had advanced
down the alley for the purpose of attacking me,
such was my intention. And I repeat, that if any
Senator has the leastground of suspicion, so far as
lam concerned, of my motives, or that my con-
duct was unworthy of a Senator or of my constit-
uents, I earnestly desire this committee of investi-
gation.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President, I
deeply deplore the unhappy and violent scene
which has just occurred. I do think that it is due
to the dignity of the Senate, and to the high char-
acter that this body has ever maintained for peace
and good order, that the matter which has just
transpired should be referred to a committee, that
it maybe fully investigated and reported upon. It
should be properly understood by ourselves ana by
the people of the United States. Sir, I have known
the Senator from Missouri intimately for thirty-
five years, and I have never known him to cairy
arms, though I have always believed him to be a
man who would use them when necessary, and on
a proper occasion, and defend himself under any \
and all circumstances. When he rose and ad- 1
vanced in the direction of the Senator from Mis- I
sissippi, being one of his old friends, I went up to 1
him to prevent, if possible, any difficulty in the ;
Senate, believing, as a member of this body, that !
it was my duty to attempt to keep the peace, and !
to see that no act was done on the part of either '
gentleman that would have a tendency to disturb I
it. Iam friendly to both, but the Senator from [
Missouri has been my bosom friend for thirty-five |
years, and I will stand by him on all occasions !
and in any situation in which he may be placed I
on earth. I say, i am not unfriendly to either ;
gentleman, but I am one of those who believe that !
the Senate is not the proper place to settle diffieul- ;
ties of this character. <if gentlemen choose to fight, ,
they will find plenty of room out of the Senate
chamber; the stteets aie laige, the neighboring
grounds are spacious, but the respect we owe to
the country and to ourselves should prevent the
occurrence of such scenes in the Senate chamber.
Sir, a due regard for the respect and dignity of
the Senate constrains me to urge, in the stiongest
terms, that the subject be referred to a comnmtee
for investigation, and such action as this body may
deem to be due to its own character.
1 have nothing to say about the violence of the
scene or the drawing of the pistol. These are
their own affairs, and are matteis that they must
decide upon their own responsibility; but, for the
honor of this body, and for the honor of the whole
country, I am certain that these things should be
stopped. We ought to have an end to wrangling
and to personalities; we were sent here for greater
and for nobler purposes. The Senate of the United
States has heretofore been considered as one of the
most dignified and decorous bodies of men in the
world, and we owe it to ourselves to vindicate the
Senate from the disrepute, so far as it can be done,
which attaches to it in consequence of a scene like
this I hope I am not troublesome. It is not often,
Mr. President, that I trespass on the time of the
Senate, and I would have greatly preferred that
any other Senator should have moved in this mat-
ter. I feel that it ought not to be permitted to
pass in silence. No one can regret more than I do
that such an occurrence should have transpired in
this hall, between two members of the body and
of the same political party; but as such is unhap-
pily the fact, I wish to see everything presented in
a fair and proper point of view. I move you, then,
sir, that a committee of five be appointed by the
Chair to investigate the whole matter, and report
all the facts to the Senate.
Mr. M ANGUM. I have drawn up very hastily
a resolution on this subject. 1 concur entirely
with every remark I have heard fall from the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and 1 have drawn up a reso-
lution proposing that a committee of seven should
be appointed.
Mr. DODGE. I accept of that number.
Mr. MANGUM. I myself decline to serve as
one of the members of the committee, but the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin I hope will be
placed at the head of it. The resolution is:
Resolved, That a committee of seven he appointed to in-
vestigate the disorder or' to-day in the Senate, and that they
report to the Senate what befits the occasion, and have
power to examine witnesses and take testimony m the case.
Will the honorable Senator accept this in lieu of
his motion?
Mr. DODGE. It presents my views exactly,
and I very willingly accept it.
Mr. CLAY. I should have risen earlier, sir,
but from a personal duty which I will not name at
present. I think the course which has been pro-
posed a very proper one. The facts which unfor-
tunately occurred were within the observation of
most of tne Senators, I suppose, i was not look-
ing on at the moment, for my attention was drawn
from that part of the body. But 1 think the reso-
lution does not go far enough. I think the two
Senators who have been placed in an unpleasant
relation towards each other ought to be placed
under an obligation to keep the peace, and for that
purpose that they should either voluntarily or
otherwise go before some magistrate of the city,
or that both of them m their places here should
pledge themselves—which would be more gratify-
ing to me—not to pursue this matter, at any rate,
during the session of the Senate, further than what
occurred to-day. If the Senators will make such
promise to the Senate, I shall be extremely happy.
Mr. BENTON. I have done nothing upon
God Almighty's earth to authorize any man to
charge me with a breach of the peace, and I will
rot in jail before I will give a promise admitting that
the charge is true. 1 regret nothing, it is lying
and cowardly to undertake to impute to me the
bearing of arms here, in order to justify the use
of them upon me. 1 have done nothing, and I
will rot in jail before I will give a promise which
admits, by implication, that I have been guilty of
a breach of the peace.
Mr. CLAY. My ©bservations did not relate to
the past, but to the future. I did not pretend to
say whether either of the parties or both are in
fault. I merely expressed a wish in reference to
the future, and without reference to the past, that
the two Senators should come under some legal
or personal obligation not to push this matter
further.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr/President 
Several Senators. Be cool.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 am perfectly cool, and I feel
the gravity of the occasion as deeply as others. I
have only this to say: I am a Constitution-loving
man, and I know my constitutional rights, both in
my place in the Senate and elsewhere. I have
never threatened a human being with personal
attacks in my life, and of couise'I have never
executed a threat of that kind in my life. I have
never worn arms to make an attack on any person,
and have never worn arms at all in the Senate
except when menaced, as I was the other day in
the Senate with a cudgel. My friends urged upon
me that, being diminutive in size and quite feeble in
