1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
Sept. 18,
I shall be surrendered up as the offender, and
dealt with according to law. Bat the gentleman
from Mississippi asks, what would we think if
Lord Palmerston should get up before the House
of Commons in England, and muke such an in-
sinuation in regard to this Government? I would
ask the gentleman what he thinks this Govern-
ment ought to do in such a case ? It has so oc-
curred that this very Lord Palmerston did, in the
British House of Commons on one occasion, when
speaking of some of the States of this Union—
and the gentleman from Mississippi, I believe, re-
gards that dignity as much higher than that of the
General Government—I certainly do, and think
my friend from Mississippi does also—had the
effrontry to talk about bad faith, of swindling on the
part of one of the States of this Union, a State too,
with which I believe the gentleman from Missis-
sippi has some tittle acquaintance. And yet the
American minister did not demand his passports
and come away. And neither the gentleman nor
anybody moved a declaration of warm this House.
Sir, I am sorry that 1 have been obliged to de-
tain the committee so long.
Mr. B. having concluded, the committee pro-
ceeded to vote.
The first question was on the following amend-
ment of Mr. Jones to the amendment of Mr. Dis-
ney: Strike out the words "Secretary of the
Treasury" and insert " President of the United
States."
The question was taken, and the affirmative vote
was declared to be 77.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Williams
and Briggs were appointed.
And the question being again taken, the vote
stood—ayes 96, noes 26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Disney as thus amended.
The amendment of Mr. D. was as follows:
"To be paid by and under the direction of the President
of the United States."
The question was taken, and the Chair an-
nounced that the amendment as amended was
rejected.
Whilst making the announcement,
Mr. McCLERNAND called for tellers.
Mr. BAYLY,moved that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Chair-
man, whether he had announced the result of the
vote?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the affirmative.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that he had called
for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN said, the call had not been
heard by the Chair.
Some conversation followed, after which—
The CHAIRMAN suggested, that by general
consent, the question on ordering tellers should be
put.
Objection was made.
Mr. BAYLY then renewed his motion that the
ommitwe uae and report the bill to the House.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported'fche bill to the House without
amendment.
And the question being on ordering the bill to a
third reading—
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
oriieiui; hiiu having been taken, the bill was read
a third time by the title.
The question being on its passage—
Mr. CARTTER moved that the bill be laid
upon the table.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
neo"-if've.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the passage there-
of—
Mr. ORR called for the yeas and nays.
Twenty-four members seconded the call.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered, and
Merf^rs. Hubbard and Ogle were appointed.
The ypas and nays were ordered.
And the question, "Shall this bill pass?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 128,
nays 36; as follow:
YEA'S—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston, An-
dreson, Andrews, Ashmun, Avereu, Bayly, Beale, Bokee,
B h 11, JBowdon, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Bur- :
lows. Butt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, (Jasey, Chandler, Clingrnaii,
' W. ft. W. Cobb, Coleoek, Cole, Corwin, Daniel, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Eiiot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evan?, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman,
■ Gould, Grinnell, Hallovvay, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson,
Hay, Ilaymond, Henry, Hibhard, Hoagland, Hollarlay,
' Holmes, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, Wil-
, Ham T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King,James G.King,
John A. King, Preston King, Lutlefield, Horace Mann, Mat-
- teson, McDowell, MeGaugh* y, McKfasock, Robert M.
MeL.ine, Finis E. McLean, McWiIhe, Meacham, Milteou,
- Moore, Morehead, Morse, Nelson, Newell, O^le, Outlaw,
' Parker, Peasley, Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell
Reed, Risley, Robbing, Robmson, Root, Ross, Rumsey,
; Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
j Silvester,Spauiding, Stanly, Frederick P.Stanton, Richard
I H. Stanton, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Vmlon,
1 Underbill, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
; Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Williams—128.
nays—Messrs. Bingham, Btssell, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert
G. Brown, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Canter,
J Crowell, Dirnmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edmundson,
' Ewirtg, Featherston. Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
' ris, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, La S&re, Job Mann
; Marshall, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Miller, Mor-
i ris, Orr, Richardson, Savage, Jacob Thompson, Wallace,
Wood, and Young—36.
So the bill was passed.
! Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table,
j Ordered accordingly.
I Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
I and that the House resolve itself into Committee
| of the Whole on the state of the Union.
; A motion was made that the House adjourn,
but was waived, to enable
Mr. McCLERNAND to move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which a certain bill (the title
of which he did not state) had yesterday been re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was entered on the Journal.'
And the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BTLLS.
Mr. DOTY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting to the State of
Wisconsin a certain quantity of public lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Chicago
to Lake Superior.
Mr. ASHMUN, under the rule, $ave notice
that he would to-morrow, or some subsequent day,
ask leave to introduce the following bill:
A Bill to establish the rates of duties upon foreign im-
ports.
Beit enacted, &c., That from and after thirty days from
the passage of this act, the duties required by law to be paid
on goods,"wart?, and merchandise imported inlo the United
StaTes, shall be assessed upon the value thereof at the prin-
cipal pori3 of the United States at the lime of importation:
Provided, That in no case shall duties be assessed upon a
valuation less than that now established by law : Jlnd fur-
ther, That the duties required to be paid on pig and scrap
iron, shall he seven dollars per ton; on hammered and rolled
jron, lifteen dollars per ton; on window glass, thirty per
centum ad valorem; arid on all other manufactured ar-
ticles, ten per centum ad valorem, over and above the du-
ties levied by law on the raw material of winch such articles
may be wholly oi in pai t composed: Provided < hoaever, That
uponTio articles shall a less rate of duty be, assessed than is
now imposed, excepting pig copper, which shall he exempt
from duty; and all rails of iron tor railroads now contracted
for shall be admitted at present duties if' landed within one
year, and all acts or patt> ol acts repugnant to the provisions
of this be and the same are hereby repealed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, September 38, 1850.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate calling for a copy of any report made to
the department on the subject of securing and
collecting the revenue from customs, and other
matters of public interest, in California, by any
special agent appointed by said department; and
transmitting the same.
On motion by Mr. GW1N,
Ordered, That it lie on the table.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CASS,
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel Crassjn,on the files
of the Senate be icierred to the Committee oil Pensions.
Mr. DOWNS moved that Captain A. P. Brit-
tingham have leave to withdraw his papers and
accompanying documents.
The PRESIDENT. Are the papers on the
files of the Senate ?
Mr. DOWNS. I believe they are before the
Committee on Foreign Relations; but as there will
be but little chance of action on them at the present
session, M r. Brittingham desires to withdraw them.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to withdraw
cannot be made until the papers are disposed of by
the committee. ;
reports op committees.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred House
Bill No. 391, being an act in relation to the claims,,
of Virginia officrs for half pay, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which were referred the resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, together with* the nu-
merous memorials from persons residing on the
borders of the northwestern Lakes and other por-
tions of the United States, asking the adoption of
measures to procure the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence, reported a bill providing for the free
navigation of the St. Lawrence river and for recip-
rocal trade with Canada, which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
On motion, the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
James Robertson, asking indemnity for injuries
received and imprisonment suffered by him, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
resolution in relation to the contracts for building
mail steamers, submitted an elaborate report, and
asked that it be printed for the use of Senate;
which was agreed to.
slavery in the territories.
Mr. CHASE. In pursuance of notice, I ask
leave to introduce a bill to prohibit slavery in the
Territories of the United States.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate grant the
leave ?
Mr. CLAY. I hope it will not be granted.
There is, I believe, peace now prevailing through-
out all our borders. I believe it is permanent.
And I trust that the Senate will at once, and with-
out hesitation, put its face against any further
disturbance of this country. 1 call for "the yeas
and nays upon the question of granting leave.
Mr. CASS. Fully coinciding with all that the
Senator from Kentucky has said, I move to lay the
question of granting leave on the table.
Mr. CHASE. 1 trust the honorable Senator
from Michigan will withdraw that motion for the
present.
Mr. CASS. I cannot withdraw it for the pur-
pose of discussion.
Mr. CHASE. I have no disposition to discuss
this question. 1 wish merely to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. CA.SS. I will withdraw the motion if the
Senator wishes to make a personal explanation.
Mr. CHASE. I do.
Mr. CASS. Then I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. CHASE. I wish merely to say that I had
no idea that the introduction of .this bill would
lead to debate at this period of the session. Had
I thought so, I should not have asked leave to
introduce the bill. 1 dissent entirely from the
idea of the Senator from Kentucky, that these
questions are settled. The discussions which
have taken place in this Chamber since the passage
of the bills to which the Senator referred, show
that nothing can be further from the fact. But
being well aware of the vast amount of business
which claims attention, and unwilling to -be the
occasion of delay of business, I withdraw the
proposition.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is, I am aware, very early
in the morning; but I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
ENTICING SLAVES FROM THE DISTRICT.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Senate now to take up
a bill introduced a day or two since, to prevent the
enticing or assisting of slaves to escape from then-
owners in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes, that it may have a second reading.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I agree to agreat
extent in the remarks made by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Gi.ay.] The
whole country is now at peace. [Laughter.] I
thought we had done with these agitating ques-
tions. We have just refused to allow the honor-
