764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
health, I should at Jeast wear arms for my own
defence, /t was a novel thing- to me, for I am not
in the habit of doing it, and I put on arms, sup-
posing it possible that I mignt be attacked after
what had occurred, simply for the purpose of
defending: myself. Having a constitutional right
to bear arms for my owit defence, 1 have merely
exercised that right.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the* Senator give way
for a moment?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly.
Mr. MANGOM. I move that the doors of the
Senate be closed.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. FOOTIS. I hope not; I hope my friend
will not do me that injustice. I hope he will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. SEWARD, (in his seat.) No, you are
right; insist upon it.
Mr. FOOTE. I beg my friend will not insist
upon it, when a public explanation is necessary to
myself.
Mr. MANGUM. Wei!, I will withdraw it.
Mr. FOOTE. Now, I say again that 1 shall
always wear arms, when I suppose i am in danger,
for the purpose of self-defence alone. I have
never assailed young or old in my iife, by any
menace of violence or any actual attacks. It is
only when I am threatened with danger that I
wear arms. I have al ways preferred a ditferent
mode of settling such matters, and 1 have kept the
door wide open for the purpose of avoiding such
scenes as have occurred in tins body to-day. In
reply to the Senator from Kentucky, who is enti-
tled to the respect and veneration of all, and whose
reputation for chivalry in this country is as high
as for his patriotism and eloquence, I have no hesi-
tation in saying that I should deem it unjust to
myself, and highly improper, to admit in the least
degree that 1 wore arms for the purpose of attack-
ing any one,or that 1 could form a scheme for the
purpose of attacking any one, or that 1 had done
anything towards forminga scheme for violence in
r thisaffair. With what occurred some lime ago,I
am satisfied. What occurred to-day,I attach very
little importance to. I never make attacks on any
member of the Senate; but I simply stand prepared
to defend myselfagainst dangers whenever they ex-
hibit themselves. 1 shall seek, for reasons known
to honorable Senators, no further remedy than the
present hour affords, in connection with this affair;
yet I stand on ground that would compel me, as a
man of honor, to do and perform whatever 1
might be invited to do on that field.
I suppose there muat be action on the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Norlh Carolina, befoie I
can proceed with my remarks on die general ques-
tion.
Mr. DICKINSON. That my own action may
not be misundeistood, I wish to say a word. I
have been a inembei of this body for six years,
and my own course in this matter, by those who
know me, will be well understood. I called the
attention of the Chair to the business befoie the
Senate; and, on account of a remark made by the
Senator fiom Missouri that the matter was not to
be thus disposed of, allow me to say, that my ob-
ject was to call Senators to their places, and to
restore immediate order in the Chamber. I had no
expectation or desire that this matter was to be
overlooked. It is altogether too grave an affair,
and I concur entirely in the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin, and his suggestion as to the pro-
priety of investigating thia affair. So much for my
own action.
Mr. BENTON. I have just a word for the
Senator from New York, which I should throw in
here. When I saw that the Senator called to
order, it struck me that he desired to proceed with
business as if nothing had happened, and I did
not choose that the subject should be passed over
quite so lightly as that.
Mr. HALE. A single remark on the course I
have pursued I certainly have no personal feel-
ings to gratify; none in the least. I do not know
that there is a human being in the city against
whom I have just cause for enmity and difference;
and I may take this occasion to say, what I have
never before had a proper occasion to say, that
from the hard knocks which passed between the
Senator from Mississippi, soon after his entrance
into the Senate, and which formed the subject of
newspaper comment at the tigtie, if any suppose
there is not the best feelings between us they are .
mistaken. Very soon after that—there was an
amicable arrangement between us, and there is no
gentleman, either of the Senate or the House, to
whom I have been more indebted for the exercise
of kindness and courtesy, or with whom I have
had more pleasant intercourse—than the Senator
from Mississippi.
I deem this statement due to myself, from the
nature of the suggestions I threw out when I was
up before. This thing cannot be smothered. We
cannot, like the ostrich, imagine that by shutting
our eyes we are concealed from the whole world.
The galleries were filled with spectators; every-
body saw what transpired, and the news of this
transaction is aheady traveling with lightning
speed over the telegraph wires to the remotest
borders of the Republic. And can we expect to
conceal the fact now that menaces have been used
and arms exhibited within the American Senate ?
it is idle. Nor should we shut our ears to the
fact, that Madame Rumor, with her hundred
mouths, vflll magnify the occurrence tenfold. It
is not impossible that even now it may have been
rumored in the city of St. Louis that several Sen-
ators are dead and weltering in their blood on the
floor of the Senate. That is not an extravagant
supposition. And it was for the purpose not only
of vindicating the character of the Senate, but of
setting histoiy right, and of informing the public
exactly what took place, that I made the sugges-
tion, which 1 was happy to see seconded by the
Senators from Wisconsin and North Carolina.
In conclusion, 1 beg most sincerely that, in the
event of the appointment of such a committee,
although I first suggested it, I may not be put on
it myself.
Mr. BORLAND. I was well aware, as the
gentleman has informed us, that the eyes of the
world are upon the Senate, and that all that was
done heie was seen by the spectators in the gal-
leries and lobbies; and for that very reason I
thought it unnecessary to have any committee of
investigation on the subject. 1 do not see the use
of an investigation, or what is to be gained by
it. Everybody knoftrs what was done; and I
suppose the reporters for the Senate have written
down what was said. Then what is the use of an
investigation? I do not attach as much import-
ance as others seem to do to this matter; for,
really, I did not apprehend there was any danger.
1 have seen no cause to apprehend any danger.
On the subject of the dignity of tne Senate, al-
though one of its youngest members, 1 feel as
much interest as any man; and in my short ser-
vice, 1 believe 1 have never committed any breaches
of the peace, or of the rules of order; and 1 trust
I never shall. If I have, difficulties of this char-
acter to settle, 1 shall certainly seek another place
to settle them.
The resolution proposed by Mr. Mangum was
then adopted.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 hope it will be entered upon
the Journal as having passed unanimously. I
move thit the Chair appoint the committee, with
this remark, that I have no purpose to seive on it
myself.
It was accordingly ordered that the Chair ap-
point the committee.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, it is always very
unpleasant for me to differ with the presiding offi-
cer. If I can accomplish my object equally as
well in any other mode, 1 will withdraw my mo-
tion, and move, by way of amendment to the va-
rious propositions of the Senator from Missouri, I
the very amendment which the Senate has before j
adopted to-day. '
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Chair does j
not understand the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Maine moves
to except California; the Senator from Missouri
offers fourteen instructions as an amendment to
that motion; and I now move as an amendment to
the instructions proposed by the Senator from Mis- !
aouri, precisely the same amendment which 1 be- ''
fore-offered to-day, and which was adopted. I
Mr. POOTE. Mr. President, I have one re- l|
mark to make in conclusion of the speech which I ii
was making some time ago, when I was inter- U
rupted. I have but a single topic more to discuss. Ij
Mr. BUTLER. I trust my friend will give ^
way, so that i can move an adjournment. 1
Mr. FOOTE. I certainly think it would be
improper in me to give way without concluding,
unless my friends think it better that I should post-
pone my remarks till to-morrow.
Several Senators. Yes, yes.
Mr. FOOTE accordingly gave way; when—
On motton by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpil 18, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Clerk elect of the House of Representa-
tives, R. M. Young, Esq., appeared, was quali-
fied, and took his seat at the Clerk's desk.
ACCOUNTS OF THE LATE CLERK.
The SPEAKER rose and said, he desired to
suggest to the House, that in consequence of the
death of the late Clerk, and the election of a new
officer to supply his place, it would be right and
proper, as an act of justice alike to the late incum-
bent and to the present one, that the House should
direct the Committee on Accounts, or some other
committee, to attend to and supervise the settle-
ment of the accounts of the late officer, so as to
separate them from those of the new one. The
House was aware that there was a large contin-
gent fund under the direction of the Clerk, and a
settlement of the accounts ought to be made under
some committee authorized by the House toact.
Mr. McCLERN AND said, he would move that
the Committee on Accounts be directed to super-
vise the settlement of the accounts of the late
Clerk.
It was ordered accordingly.
DOORKEEPER AND POSTMASTER.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD rose and said that he
desired to offer a privileged resolution; and that
as he had not made any hour speech this session,
and seldom troubled the House, he desired to be
allowed briefly to state the object of his resolution,
which related to the organization of the House,
and was purely of a practical and business char-
acter.
No objection being made,
Mr. L. proceeded. It is admitted on all hands
that we have not elected any Doorkeeper or Post-
master this session; and it is at least doubtful
whether we have any persons who are legally
authorized to perform the duties of those offices.
The most that can be said is, that the persons now
performing the duties of those offices do so by
sufferance. They hold their places by a doubtful
tenure. 1 desire that it shall no longer be said
that the House of Representatives of the thirty-
first Congress is unable to elect its own officers.
My resolution, if adopted, will complete the or-
ganization of the House, and remove all doubt
as to the right of those holding the offices of Door-
keeper and Postmaster to exeicise the duties per-
taining to their offices. My proposition is liberal
to the Whig side of the House, and I anticipate
no objection from that quarter. My own side of
the House can well afford to be liberal. We have
now the Speaker and Clerk of the House, and if
my resolution is adopted, we shall have the Post-
master; giving our opponents the Dooikeeper
only. Now let us be liberal to the extent inti-
mated. I hope there will be no objection from
this (the Democratic) side of the House.
1 will add one more remark, if the House will
indulge me. I congratulate the Democracy of the
country that the Democratic' members of this
House, from the North and South, East and
West, are again side by side and shoulder to
shoulder, as was exhibited yesterday in the suc-
cessful contest for Clerk.
1 have now not only dismissed what little of
fear I have had of a dissolution of the Union,
but all apprehension I have had of a dissolution
of the Democratic party.
Mr. L. then sent to the Clerk's table the follow-
ing resolution, which was read for information.
Resohai, Tilat Robert E Homer, of New Jersey I>r rnul
he hereby is declared duly elected Doorkeeper' of this
Hiiumj; and John M. Johnson, of Vngiiiia, he and he here-
by is declared duly elected Pohtmomer of thj>. Hoim, to
hold their respective offices until others are chosen in tlieit
stead.
The resolution having been read, *
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose and ob-
jected to its introduction.
Ihe SPEAKER. The resolution is not in or^
der, except by unanimous consent. Objection has
been made, and the resolution therefore is not in
