1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
order, because no motion to suspend the rules is j
in order on this day. This decision is made under |
the decision heretofore made by the House. The
Chair heretofore decided that this was a privileged
question which could be acted on at any time.
The House overruled that decision, as the record
of the House will show; and under that decision
no action can be had upon the subject out of its
regular order. The Chair therefore rules the res-
olution to be out of order. i!
Mr. LITTLEFIELD addressed the Chair. |j
Mr. JV1EAOE rose, he said, to a question of ;j
order. He desired to know whether it was not in j
order for him lo appeal from the decision of the j
Chair upon the resolution of the gentleman from J
Maine, [Mr. Littlefield,] so as to give the !
House an opportunity to rcver3c Us former de- ,
cision if it should think proper to do so ?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt that the ;
gentleman has the right to appeal from the de- 1
cision of the Chair, and the House can control ,
the decision of the House upon this and ali other ;
questions. i
Mr. MEADE. Then I appeal from the de- 1
cision, (believing that the decision of the Speaker ;
in the lirst instance was correct,) to give to the |
House an opportunity of correcting its former de- j
cision. j
Mr. McCLERNAND, remarking (as the re- i
porter understood) that he desired that the de- ,
cision heretofore made should be corrected, because |
he believed it to be erroneous, asked the yeas and !
Iiays on the appeal. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the j
question. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lit- |
tlefield] has offered a resolution declaring that
the present Doorkeeper and Postmaster aie elected ;
to these offices for the piesent Congress.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD, (interposing.) Until other j
officers shall be chosen. j
The SPEAKER, (continuing.) This resolution j
the Chair has ruled to be out of order, upon the j
ground that it is not a privileged question, nor a |
question of privilege. Such the Chair understood
Mr. BROWN- From that decision I appeal,
and I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. TUCK moved that the appeal be laid upon
the table.
Mr. BROWN asked the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The SPEAKER stated the question and his de-
cision. A former resolution of the House could
not, the Speaker said, be rescinded in this raoue.
The resolution was not in the regular order of
business, and could only be entertained by unan-
imous consent, or under a suspension of the rules,
and no motion to suspend the rules for the intro-
duction of the resolution could be made this day.
Mr. McLANE, of Maiylandjinvited the iSpeaK-
er to state his opinion upon the reso.ution as
a question of pnvilegc. Was not this (Mr.
McL. asked) such a resolution as would have
been presented as a puvileged resolution under
the opinion heretofore expressed by the Speaker
and overruled by the House?
The SPEAKER said that, in his opinion, this ,
would not be a question of privilege under the de-
cision heretofore given by him, and which had s
been overruled by the House. The Speaker had
never ruled a resolution lesctnding a foimer order
of the House to be either a question of pnvilege J
or a privileged question. Tl^e decision which the ;j
Speaker had made was this: that as the House i
had postponed to a day certain the election of;
these officers, the House could adopt a resolution :j
providing that the duties of the respective offices !
should, m the interval, be discharged by certain
persons. But, the Speaker repeated, the Chair j
had never ruled that a resolution to rescind the
former order was either a question of privilege or ;i
I a privileged question. And this resolution did !j
not come within the decision heietofore made. '
Mr. BROWN, (to the Speaker.) Can I, at
this stage of the proceedings, withdiaw my rcso- ;■
lution? i|
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw his appeal from the decision of the Chair. |
Butr the resolution itself has been decided to be 'i
to have been the decision made by the House on :j out of order,
a former occasion. From that decision the gen- !; VT" rto,~'
tiemctn from Virginia [Mr. Meade] has appealed, ij
Arid the question is, 44 Shall the decision of the |j
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" 'l
Mr. HALL Sdid he understood that the resolu- 1
tion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Littlk-
field] proposed to elect these officers by resolu-
tion. Now, he (Mr. H.) submitted that the rule •
of the House required that the election should >
take place in a particular way—to wit: viva voce, j
and upon nominations made. The Chair had re- ;
peatedly decided that a resolution of this kind was 1
out (if order. ' I
The SPEAKER stated that the resolution of ■
the gentleman ftom Maine [Mr. Littlefield] was ;
outof order, on the ground which had been already
stated by the Chair. The Chair would further
elate, in reply to the question raised by the gen- i
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Halt.,] that, it the :
election of Dooikeeper and Postmaster were now
in order, the resolution would not be in order
m the form in which it was presented, because ,
there was a standing rule of the flouse which re- ;
quired that the election of its officers should be 1
viva voce. . On this point the Chair entertained no :
douht, as it was m accordance with the previous .
decisions of the Chair and of his piedecessors. j
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved that .
the appeal belaid upon the table. :
The yeas and nays on that motion were asked, j
and refused. _ ]
And the question, " Shall this appeal be laid on :
the table?" was then taken, and decided m the ;
affirmative, without a division.
So the appeal was laid upon the table. ,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, now sent to the
Cleik's table a resolution, which, he' said, he de-
sired to offer.
The resolution was read for information, as fol- !
lows; ' !
Re--olvc<h That the resolution heietofo-e pas?ed bv the ;
Ilnu^e, pompomthe taction of Doorkeepei, he. and the
pame i«* hereby, rescinded, and that the House piocecd at
once to the election ol a Doorkeeper. J
The resolution having been read,
Mr. TOOMBS rose, and objected to its intro-
duction. He submitted that it was outof order. (
The. SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair, ;
the resolution is not in order. !
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw the appeal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN, (continuing ) And I offer the j:
resolution which i send to the Clerk's table. ''
The resolution was read for mfuinmtion, as ■,
follows: 1
Resolved, That Robert E Horner, the acting Dooi keeper ,
of the House of Repie.srm<itiv<f>, be, and he i* heieby, dis- |
misled; and that the House procecd immediately to the j
election of a Doorkeeper. i
The resolution having been read— j
The SPEAKER said the resolution is not in j.
order. >'i
Mr. BROWN. I appeal from the decision, and j!
I ask the yeas and nays. ji
Mr. TUCK moved that the appeal be laid upon ;j
the table. j!
Mr. BROWN asked the yeas and nays. !,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (to the ij
Chair) Will the Speaker be kind enough to j
state on what ground lie lias ruled this resolution
to be out of older? j,
The SPEAKER. The grounds are two. In '
the first place, the resolution is out of order, be- i
cause it does not fall within the regular order of1
business, and has been dec.idcd by the House 1
(overruling the dt cision of the Chair) to be neither ,j
a privileged question nor a question of privilege. :!
In the second place, the resolution is out of order,
because it proposes to g j into the election of these ;
officers while there is a res«dution standing upon '
the Journal of the House providing that that elec- :
tion shall be held on a particular day. |
Mr. BOCOCK desired to suggest an inquiry for
the consideration of the Chair. Suppose (he said)
that a gentleman had been regulai ly elected one
of the officers of this House, (say, for example,'
Sergeant-at-Arms,) and a member of the House
submitted a motion to displace him from his office,
would not such a motion be in order as a questicft
of privilege? If such was the case, suteiy an in-
dividual holding an office merely by acquiescence,
or on the sufferance of the House, could not stand
in a stronger position than an officer elected m
accordance witn all the reguhr forms.
The SPEAKER. All these remarks and in-
quiries are out of order. The question is not de-
batable. ,
Mr. McMULLEN desired to be informed by ,
the Speaker whether it would be in order to move
a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not in order. An appeal has been taken
from tiie decision of the Chair, and the question is
on the motion to lay that appeal on the table.
Mr. McMULLEN. Will such a motion be in
order after the pending question has been decided?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot anticipate
questions of order in this manner; but the Chair
will state for the information of the gentleman,
that upon this day no moiion to suspend the rules
for the introduction of any proposition will be in
order.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. OLDS desired to be informed by tha Chair,
whether, if a resolution were offered proposing to
discharge the present Doorkeeper, that would not
be a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heretofore so
decided; and that decision was overruled by the
House.
Mr. OLDS was understood to suggest that the
House desired now to have an opportunity to re-
verse its former decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot know that
such is the desire of the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, desired to sub-
mit a question to the Speaker. Had this House
decided that a motion to discharge one of its offi-
oer^n the ground that there hadijeen malfeasance
in office was not a privilege question?t '
The SPEAKER. That point was not made,
and never has been made, so far as the knowledge
of the Chair extends.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, can the Speaker
know what the object of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] is, in moving to discharge
the present officei ? And does not the decision of
the Chair cover too much ground2
The SPEAKER, These interrogatories are in
the natuie of debate, and are, therefore, out of
order.
Mr. BROWN, (to the Speaker.) I now with-
draw my appeal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN, (continuing.) And I modify
my lesolunon by striking out all after the word
, 44 dismissed."
, The resolution as modified was then read, and
was as follows:
, Re*oh'e<?} Th.it Robert E. Horner, the acting Doorkeeper
I of the House ol Representatives, be and he is hereby dis-
J missed.
| The SPEAKER. The resolution as now mod-
; ified, presents, in the opinion of the Chair, the
| precise question which was decided on a former
; occasion, whether *his was a privileged question
j or a question of privilege; and the House,accord-
; ing to the recollection of the Chair, decided upon
' two votes, and upon two occasions, that it was not.
| In conformity with that decision the Chair now
; rules this resolution to be out of order. ^
■ Mr. BROWN appealed from the decision.
1 The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House r"
i Mr. FOWLER moved that the appeal be laid
upon the table.
; Mr. BROWN asked the yeas and nays; which
j were oidered.
! And the question "Shall this appeal be laid on
, the table?" was then taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—ye is SO, nays 85; as follows:
YE Alexander, Allen, Al-ton. Ashmun, Ba-
ker, Dennett. Bowie, Bng^s, BiOoKs, Chester Uuiler, E.
Can lution Canell, Joseph P. Caldwi II, Calvin, Cat   y,
Chautin r, C>ni nmn, Cole, Conger, Corw m, OrnwelJ. De-
bmv. Du-t<«jy, Jhxon, Duikee. Fowler, Freedlrv, Gentry,
Gaining, Goodersow, G< tf, Gould, Hallowat, flauijHott,
H.iv llaunond. Hehard. Hear*, Hoinu*, Howe, K<'ir,Geo.
G. kui",'J. A. King. P. King, Mdiie^m, MiKi-ock. P. B.
McLean, Meaeiiam, Moore, Morton, N« hon, Nfs Newell,
Uffu Otis, Outlaw, Plicomx, Piiman, Rm ku t-ll, Rum^y,
Sack'^tt, Sclienneihorn, Sdioolcrait, Sluppml Silves-
ter Sp uildnis, Spiagne, Alexander II Thadcieus
Tayfoi, Tliumian, Too:ufo*, Tuck, (hide! hill, Van
Dvke. Vinion, Waikiris, White, Wil.-on, titid Wmrhrop—fcO.
"SAYS Mes-sre. AHiertson, Ashe, Averert, Bingham, JBts-
selij Uocoek, Booth, Dowdon, B<nvhn, Atbt rt G. Biown,
Win J. Brown, Bu<'1,Ja> Campbell, C.utu-r, Cleve-
land, W. R. VW C.>bli, Coleock, Dimu k. Dunham. Edmund-
son, Ewinff. Fitch* Fuller. Geir,\, Gone ui. Hall, Han.i.ion,
Htiiiinomh Il.ii.d-on, ll.irUn, l-h<im G H ink S.unpsmt
W. Uairis Thomas h. Harris, HonyUud. Howard H^bh.ud,
Aadiew Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, J.me#, Kaufman,
La Sire, Leffhi, Littlefield, Ma-on, 3VUC ernand, IVleDon-
ald, McDowell, McLaaahan, Robert M MeLane, MeMuS-
