I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SepCl^
privilege of peopling the Distriot with her slaves,
by bringing them here to hire them out to service,
and thus adding to the slave population, to the
manifest injury of the free laborers of the District ?
'I see no reason why this monopoly should be al-
lowed to Marylaud, and I think therefore the pro-
vision of the act of 1802, under which so many
slayes have been introduced into the District,
should be now repealed.
Mr! PRATT. I wish merely to offer a word of
explanation, and certainly I shall not enter upon a
* debate on this question, which I know will be
fatal to the bill. The Senator from Connecticut
has stated, with a considerable degree of correct-
ness, the law as it stands, and as I had the honor
to explain it a week or two ago to the Senate.
The Senator complains that the citizens of Mary-
land are enjoying, under the act of Congress of
1802, a privilege ^hich the people of no other
State may enjoy. I say to him, if he is sincere in
that objection, that we are perfectly willing to au-
thorize Virginia, Kentucky, and every other slave
State in the Union, which may choose to do so, to
bring their slaves into the District. It is an ex-
clusive privilege to Maryland, under the laws as
they exist, because this territory belonged to
Maryland,and the people who originally inhabited
it were citizens of Maryland, the people when the
territory was ceded going with it. It was, there-
fore, thought right and proper that the people of
Maryland, who were inhabitants of the territory
when it was ceded, should enjoy the laws of their
native State. Now, I ask the attention of the
Senate and the Senator himself to the only effect
of the proposition which he has made to repeal the
act of 1802. The Senator has not adverted at all
to the action of both Houses during the present
session, in passing the bill introduced by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Under that bill, no one
either from Maryland or anywhere else, can bring
his servants herfe for sale. They cannot be brought
here for sale under the Maryland law if left in
force, and the act of Congress be repealed to which
the Senator has referred. Maryland does not de-
sire or propose to interfere with any person coming
to Washington or to the District to reside. He
may bring with him his servants, but he is not
privileged to sell his servants so brought here, un-
der the Maryland law, until he has resided in the
District for a period of three continuous years.
That is the old law of Maryland; that is the pres-
sent law of the District; and the law introduced by
the Senator from Kentucky, and'which has already
passed both Houses of Congress, prohibits any
citizen of Maryland, or of any other State, from
bringing his servants here for the purpose of sale.
I think that under the law of Maryland, which
the Senator does not propose to interfere with, the
citizen of Virginia or of any other part of the
United States, who may come to the District to
reside, is now privileged to bring his servants with
him. The repeal of the act of 1802, as proposed
by the Senator from Connecticut, would have a
most limited operation, indeed, in view of the law
which has already passed, as introduced by tne
Senator from Kentucky. I am not prepared to say
whether it would have any operation. 1 am cer-
tain that the Senator will find this to be the cffect
of his amendment upon examination. I do not
propose to discuss the question at all, and will not
detain the Senate further.
I am reminded that, under the lav/ of Maryland,
in order to produce a reciprocity between the peo-
ple of the District and the people of the State of
Maryland, the former have the privilege of ta-
king their servants into Maryland for the purpose
of working thern, many of the residents of the
District having farms m the State of Maryland;
'or that they may have the privilege of hiring out
their servants into the State of Maryland, and of
bringing them back again to this District. Now,
* the only effect of this amendment is to do away
with this reciprocity, so far as Maryland is con-
cerned, and to pievent the citizens of Maryland
from bringing their servants here foi the purpose
of hiring them: or a citizen of Maryland, living
' here a part of the year, from bringing his servants
with him. That is the only effect of the amend-
ment.
Mr. BALDWIN. The object of my amend-
ment is to place the people of the State of Mary-
land precisely upon the same footing as the people
of Virginia and the other slavehplding States ptand
in regard to the right of introducing slaves into
the District, The Senator from Maryland says
that by the law as it exists, notwithstanding this
amendment, persons removing into the District!
from the State of Maryland can bring their slaves
with them, because such was the law of Maryland
at the time of the original cession of part of her
territory. In that respect the inhabitants of Ma-
ryland will stand in no different position from the
inhabitants "of Virginia; for, as the law now stands,
which this proposition does not affect, the citizen
of Virginia removing bona fide into the District, for
the purpose of settling here, can bring his slaves
with him, and hold them here. But, sir, the citizen
of Virginia cannot send his slaves to be hired here,
to form a part of the population of the District, un-
less he himself comes here with his family, bring-
ing his slaves with him. The citizen of Maryland
can do this, and under the provisions of this law a
very large proportion of the slave population now
existing in this District were thus introduced. It
is to put an end to this unjust discrimination be-
tween the people of Maryland and the people of
Virginia, that I have introduced this amendment.
Sir "the fact that, sixty years ago, the District of
Columbia composed a part of the State of Mary-
land, can make no difference whatever in regard
to the rights of the people of Maryland at the pres-
ent time to introduce their slaves into the District,
Was there any such privilege reserved by them ?
Not at all. It required an act of Congress—the act
1802—to confer it. The right did not originally
exist, and it would not have existed now but for
the positive legislation of Congress; and it is to
repeal the act which confers the right, and which
makes an unjust discrimination as respects other
States, favoring the State of Maryland, that I am
desirous of repealing it.
Mr. HALE. I understand, by the explanation
made by the Senator from Maryland, that the law
as it now stands gives to the citizens of Maryland
a monopoly of the right to bring servants into this
District for hire. And, as an inducement to con-
tinue this state of things, we are told, legislating
here for the District, that m consideration of that,
we, the legislators of the District, have the right
to carry our slaves for hire into the State of Mary-
land; and it is not a one-sided business altogether,
because there is secured to us—and when I say us,
I speak of us as legislators for the District of Co-
lumbia—there is secured to us and to our constitu-
ents in this District, the right to take our slaves
into Maryland and work them there, and it is a
fair trade. Now, for one, I want to make no such
bargain. I do not want to make anything by hir-
ing slaves. God knows I do not want to make
anything by letting them out. I am willing to
give up all the privilege that pertains to me as one
of the legislators for this District, to yield up the
golden prospects from that scheme of combining
capital and labor which is to be found by taking
our people—our colored people—from this Dis-
trict down into Maryland, and working them
there, and taking pay for their labor. Sir, it may
be cstirnited by some to be a very great privilege;
for one, I do not wish to enjoy it; 1 am willing to
give it up, to relinquish it entirety. But, on the
other hand, I am not willing to submit any longer
to have the people of the State of Maryland en-
joy a monopoly of the privilege of bringing their
slaves here and working them for hire. 1 want
all the States to stand on an equality in this re-
spect. The Senator from Maryland says that we
are willing to extend this privilege—that is, we are
willing to let all the rest of the slave States of the
Union enjoy the same privilege that the State of
Maryland now enjoys; and instead of repealing
that part of the law which confers the right upon
the people of Maryland, he is willing to extend it
to all the States. Well, sir, perhaps that would
be equal; but it would be just as equal to repeal
that part of the law which confers that right upon
the people of the State of Maryland.
Sir, 1 think the people of the United States,
when they hear of the proceedings of ihe Senate
to-day, will learn with astonishment that when
the Senate had but ten days more to spend in ses-
sion, and when the bill for the support of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, without which the
Government c.mnot pioceed a day, had not been
acted upon—when the bill for the support of the
army and the navy had not been acted upon nor
reported, and when the Government calendar is
groaning under the burden of nominations un-
acted upon, the Senate of the United States could
not attend to these weighty matters, but they
were gravely employed in the last days' of the
session, having completed all the great healing
measures for the interests of slavery, devoting the
last days of the session to contriving how the
little remnant of slavery left in the District of Co-
lumbia might have its interests best subserved,
protected, syid extended.
While I am not willing to yieid the right of op-
posing, in every regular constitutional manner itf
which I can do it, every species of legislation of
this sort, now and forever, I want- it understood,
that the people of the United States may learn and
not forget, that this is not owing to the efforts of
any of those fanatics who have so disturbed the
land and endangered the Union, and kept Con-
gress by the ears for so many months; thai it fe
by no effort of theirs that this subject has been in-
troduced here at this time. No, sir, th&y cannot
do it; they are powerless; they have not the ordi-
nary leave to introduce a bill into the Congress of
the United States to express their views, and the
bill which is attempted to be introduced is not al-
lowed to be read for the information of the Senate-
and the country. But let a measure be introduced'
that looks to the extension, the perpetuity, -the
spread, the eternity of slavery, and the army and
the navy and the Executive calendar, the civil ap-
propriation bill, and everything else, must stand
in the background until the last demands of sla-
very, however exorbitant, however extravagant-
have been heard, yielded to, and satisfied, and
everything that slavery asks is granted. Yes, sir*
that is what the people of the United States will
learn, when the proceedings of to-day shall go out
with the other things of this Congress. ■
Having said this, I will now say a word more
on another branch of the subject. I believe that
from the time I have known anything about the
history of this Government—from the earliest
recollection in which 1 noted anything of the pro-
ceedings of this Government, there never was a
Congress elected in which the anti-slavery senti-
ment of the people was so strongly expressed at
the polls, in electing the members of the other
House, and m electing members of the Legisla-
tures that have elected the members of this body,
as there was at the election to •which the members
of this Congress owe their seats here. And J
believe further, that when the history of this Gov-
ernment shall be written, it will be found that there
never was a Congress assembled since the adoption
of the Federal Constitution in which the interests
and the power of slavery have been more para-
mount, more resistless, and more overwhelming—
that there lias never been a time since the adoption
of the Federal Constitution in which what is
is claimed for slavery, and the interests, and the
furtherance, and advancement of slavery, have
been so unhesitatingly adopted, notwithstanding
the character and the feelings of the men who-
elected us to office.
And now gentlemen flatter themselves that they
have done a great deal for the peace of the coun-
try. Everybody is pleased but a few " wild fa-
natics." All others are delighted, and are binding
the brows of those who have consummated -this
great work with laurels; they are burning powder
to blazon forth their glory—singing songs to im-
mortalize their deeds, and screaming themselves
hoarse with pasans of praise to those who have
been foremost in this great work. Sir, let not gen-
tlemen deceive themselves. The pen of inspira-
tion teaches us that there was a time when a set
of men cried " Peace 1 peace I but there was no
peace." Let me tell you there is no peace to those
who think they have successfully dujf the grave m
which the hopes, the rights, and the interests of
freedom have been buried. No, sir, that peace
will be short, and that rejoicing will most assuredly
be turned into mourning. Gentlemen altogether
mistake the character of the people whose senti-
ments have been violated, whose wishes have been
disregarded, and whose interests have been tram-
pled in the dust. If gentlemen think they have
ridden rough-shod over us—if they think that no
no note of remonstrance 
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. -HALE. I will give way if the Senator
from New Yoik wants to move to lay the bili upon
the table.
Several Senators. No, no, take the vote.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill till to-morrow.
