leso.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
I am under too much excitement altogether to vote
«pon the bill to-day. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. I hope the further consideration
■of this bill atfthe present-time will be postponed.
I shall vote for its postponement, because I desire
to take up a bill which it appears to me is abso-
lutely necessary for the business of the country;
and it is one in which I do not think there is a
peg to hang a speech upon. I do not think that
there is any possible chance of making speeches on
that bill. I do not think that " freedom will be
endangered," or that any "graves will be dug"
over it. I am willing to vote for the passage of
this bill, but I doubt whether we can get vote
■upon it this session, and finish the other business
which is absolutely necessary. The bill which I
<ask the Senate to take tip is very important. Every
State in the Union is interested in it; and I hope,
therefore, that this question, which seems likely
to call forth much^debate, may be postponed until
to-morrow, and that the Senate will proceed to the
consideration of the bill from the Committee on
the Past Office and Post Roads, to establish post
routes.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive business,
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays-.
Mr. DICKINSON. I shall feel compelled to
vote against that motion, because I am satisfied
that if we do not take up these appropriation bills
they will not be got through with. We know that
■upon bills of this kind there is usually a great deal
of speaking—particularly those "one word"
speeches, which are very apt to last for an hour
and a half. [Laughter.] Now, I would raJSrer
that every Executive nomination should fali.
through, even if they should be of my own party,
than that the operations of the Government should
be put to a stand-still for want of appropriations.
If these nominations are /lot acted upon by the
Senate, the President of the United States can
-sommission during the recess. I am willing to at-
tend to Executive business after these appropria-
tion bills are taken up and disposed of. For one,"
I assure the Senate, that I shall occupy no time on
the subject, except it be for a very brief explana-
tion, which may be necessary for the understand-
ing of it. But I shall oppose going into Executive
session now and hereafter, until we have mastered
this great question, which is so necessary to the
very existence of the Government—the civil and
diplomatic bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senate will do me
the justice to say, that whenever I have trespassed
upon their attention, I have done so very briefly.
With one exception,-! sympathize with every sug-
gestion which has fallen from the Senator from
New York. I know the importance which at-
taches to the bill to which he has alluded; but I
feel also that there are other duties devolving upon
the Senate, of an Executive character, which, in
my opinion, exceed in importance those which re-
late to the appropriation bills. The Senator from
New York is wrong in supposing that if the nomi-
nations that have been and that shall be submit-
ted to the Senate, fail to receive their action, the
Executive can commission the parties. I refer to*
that kind of vacancies which do not justify or au-
thorize the Executive to commission in the recess.
Now, what is the point to which we are approach-
ing? Take the revenue system, if you please;
and, if we fail to act so as to enable the President
of the United States to fill the offices while we are
here, how are we to remedy the difficulty so as to
enable the Government to sustain itself? That is
a consideration .winch- I think ought to impress
itself upon the Senate, and lead us to devote at
ieast a portion of our time to these Executive du-
ties. I have struggled faithfully to bring the
Senate to the performance of Executive duty. I
know the feelings of the Senator from South
Carolina and others, who have charge of Execu-
tive business; and I have made this motion simply
for the purpose of testing the Senate. If we are
to be called again together immediately after our
adjournment to attend to Executive business, the
sin shall not he at my door.
' Mr. DICKINSON. I should very much dep-
recate the failure of any of the'Executive nomina-
tions for want of action on the part of the Senate;
but" if it be so that I must choose between their
failure and the failure of these appropriation bills,
i certainly would prefer the former. As regards
the power of the President to commission during
the recess, I will simply state that it is the business
of the Executive to see that the laws^are executed,
and I am of opinion that he can.
A Senator. No, no.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am not speaking the sen-
timents" of other Senators, but my own. I main-
tain that he can do it; and that it is an adjudicated
question under the opinion of the Attorney Gene-
ral. It was done under Mr. Polk's administration.
If gentlemen will contradict me in theory, they
must contradict me also in fact. There was a case
in the State of New York where a postmaster was
commissioned during the recess of the Senate. The
person who had been nominated was rejected by the
Seriate. His successor.was nominated, and his
nomination was sent in to the Senate, but it remained
unacted upon. That case was biought before the
Cabinet of Mr. Polk, and the Attorney General gave
it as his opinion that the President had a right to com-
mission him during the recess, and he did so. But
there is no necessity for coming to that conclusion.
All we have to do is to proceed with the business;
but I will give a preference to this business because
it is necessary in order to pay Executive officers;
and, with alf their patriotism, we all know that
they will not work unless they are paid.
Mr. RUSK. I want to compromise this mat-
ter. I shall vote against going into Executive
session now, and shall ask the Senate, injustice to
their own constituents, to take up and pass the
post-route bill. They can do it between this time
and one o'clock, and then at one o'clock I will
vote to go into Executive session* This bill has
been fully considered in the committee; I have
spent a great deal of labor upon it, so that all the
Senate will have to do will be to act upon it. I do
not think there is the least possible chance for
any one to make a speech upon it, for no Sen-
ator has asked for a mail route anywhere, who has
not had it granted in this bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to
proceed to the consideration of Executive business,
and the yeas and nays having been ordered, they
were taken with the following result:
yEA3—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Barnwell,Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Butler, Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Ewine, Fremont, Greene, Gwin, Hale, Hamhn,
Kin , Morton,"Norris. Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Srailh, Souie,
Spruanee, Sturgeon, Wales, Walker, Wjntlirop, and Vu
lee—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Ca=s, Clay, Cooper. Dickinson,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Turney, Under-
wood, and Whucomb—IS).
So the motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly entered upon the con-
sideration of Executive business, and after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, September 19, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The question pending at the
time of the adjournment of the House last even-
ing, was the motion eff the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Air. Bayly,] that the ruies be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state qf the Union.
Mr. BOWLIN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his motion, that we may
have the benefit of the morning hour for the call
of the committees for reports
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot withdraw the motion.
I submit it to the decision of the majority of the
House. If they wish the committees to be called,
they can vote down my motion.
Mr, MILLER stated that his name was omit-
ted from the yeas and nays^este^day, (on what
question not heard by the Reporter,) and asked
that the Journal be corrected.
The SPEAKER said, it could not affect the re-
sult, and the correction would be made—there
being no objection.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and being taken, the vote stood—ayes
65, noes 44.
No quorum voting.
Mr. BOWLIN. A3 the representative of great
interests on this floor, I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER having put the question, stated
that there was not a sufficient number-voting to
order the yeas and .oays.
Tellers thereon were asked and refused. '
Tellers were then ordered on the metjon of Mr.
Bayly, and the affirmative vote was declared to
be 77.
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to vote on
one side or the other, as otherwise there would be
no quorum.
The negative vote was taken, and declared to
be 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Thereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Disney in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Navy of the
United States for the current fiscal year.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, took the floor.
He moved that the reading of the bill be dispensed
with.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not hear
the remark of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr." Stanton.]
Mr. STANTON repeated 1iis motion.
Mr. JONES suggested that it was necessary that
the first section of the bill should be read; and his
colleague [Mr. Stanton] could then move, before
he commenced his remarks, to strike it out.
The first section of the bill was then read.
Mr.. STANTON moved (for the purpose of
making his remarks) that it be stricken out.
Mr. S. then proceeded to address the commit-
tee. He said:
Mr. Chairman: At this period of the session,
I know that debate will be heard with impatience;
and if I did not design to speak directly to the
provisions of this bill, with the hope of making
some useful suggestions upon the policy connected
with it, I would ffoffeel authorized to occupy the
floor for a moment.
The amount of money involved is within « frac-
tion of nine and a half millions. In a time of
profound peace, the expenses of the navy have
grown to this enormous figure. It is by no means
surprising that they have become the cause'of
loud complaint. In deference to these complaints,
which have been so generally expressed, and not
without just foundation, I feel that it is our duty,
even at the present inauspicious moment, to pause
and consider the evils which have produced them,
and the means by which those evils are to be cor-
rected .
The dissatisfaction consequent upon an inactive
and expensive naval establishment, is frequently
vented against the officers of the navy. But the
fault is not theirs. They have never yet failed in
the performance of honorable and perilous duty.
If any portion of them seem to be at present idle
and inefficient, it is because they have no employ-
ment to call forth eminent ability. But no Amer-
ican can ever be unmindful of the glory, which,
in former days, was achieved by our gallant nsvy.
Whenever the tempest and. the battle shall again
give opportunity for energy and courage, I have
the confidence to believe, that its ancient fame will
not be tarnished. In the shouts of the first vic-
tory which might crown our arms upon the ocean,
showing that the spirit of our old heroes is not yet
extinct, would be drowned every vestige of the
murmurs which now stigmatize the corps as idle
and extravagant.
No, sir, the evils at present existing in this
branch of the public service are not justly attribu-
table to the officers. They are the legitimate re-
sults of the system. They flow from its organiza-
tion, and are, therefore, chiefly chargeable to the
legislative and executive branches of the Govern-
ment. Since the origin of our naval system, the
world has advanced immeasurably in all the de-
partments of business. The instruments and
agencies of commerce have undergone immense
changes; but the navy has not kept pace with
these. It rests pretty much upon its original
foundation, very little altered in its habits, or in
its means and appliances. I hold it to be an
axiom, that a navy is worthless in proportion- as
it is unequal, in any respect, to the commercial
marine which it is intended to protect.- It must
rival the energy and activity of commerce, "or. is
fails to yield an advantage equal to the burden it
