768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
Friends, Collins Centre, New York, for the constitutional
extinction-ot slavery.
Al*=o,~the petition of James W. Reed and others, citizens
of Loekport, New \ oik, toe the abolition of slavery in the
territories,
Ai*o, if id petition of John Holt and others, of Sherborne,
New Yoik, tor the same.
Also, the petition ofShubal Carver and others, of Pitcher,
N w York, fot the same.
Al« , the petition ot T. R. Townsend and others, of Vol-
ney, New York, for the same.
Abo, the petition ot Chester Bryan and others, of Sher-
burne, .New York, for the same.
Al=«, the petition of A. Bates and others, of Smyrna, New
Yor*, lor the same.
Also, the petition of Samuel Howard and others, ofPerry,'
New York, for the same.
Al*o, the petition ot Jonathan Martin ai.d others, of Can-
dia, New Hampshire, tor the same.
Also, the petition of W. W. Woodworth and others, of
Phelps, Nt-vv York, for the same.
At.-o, the petition of Charles B. Biirtis and others, of
Phelps, New York, for ihe same.
AUn, the petition ot Newman Scofield and others, of Len-
ox, New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of Thomas Burch and others, of Little
Falls-, New York, for the fame.
Abo. the petition of S. W. Wells and others, of Augusta,
New York, lor tiie same.
Abo, the petition ot H. G. Bradley ar.d others, of Norfolk,
N'-w York, tor the 9ame.
Al-o, the petition of M. Beckwith and others, of Nassau,
New York, lor the same.
Als<>, tiie petition of T. R. Townsend and others, citizens
of Voleey, New Yotk, against the admission of more slave
States into the Union.
Abo, the petition of John Holt and others, of Sherburne,
New York, tor the same.
Also, th« petition ot A. Bates and others, of Smyrna, New
York, lof the same. 0
Aho, the petition of Benjamin Hartwell and others, of
Phelps, New York, for the s>,ime.
AlfO, the petition of Samuel Howard and others, of Perry,
New York, lor the same.
Also, the petition of Geoige Uates and others, for the
same.
Also, the petition of Chester Bryan and others, of Sher-
bu-ne, N«w Yoik, for the same.
* Aiso, the pofiuon of W. VV. Woodworth and others, of
Phe ps, New Yoik, lor the same
Also, the petition of M. Betungus and others, of Little
Fall*, New Yoi k, for the same.
Al-o, the peuiion of Robert A. Currier, of Augusta, New
Tfo" k, lor ihe same.
Also, the petition of Newman Scofield and others, of Len-
ox, \ew York, lur the same.
Also, th«: petition of M. Beckwith and others, of Nassau,
Nen York, tor Hie same.
Al o, the petition of A.'Emerson and others, of Candia,
New ll.unpshiie, (or the same.
Al'O, the petition of James W. Reed and others, of Lock-
pott. New York, for the same.
Al-o, the pennon of H. G. Bradley and others, of Norfolk,
New Yoik, oi the same.
Al-o, the petition of Stephen Parker and others, of New-
port, New Hampshire, praying for a trial byjury t.i> alleged
fugitive 'l.mn. •
Also, the petition of Henry J. Marshall and others, of
Newpoit, New Il.impshiie, /or the repe.il of all laws sustain-
ing >lav« t «• in Ihe Distriet of Columbia.
ANo, the petition of .Stephen Pat fcer and others, of New-
poit, New Uaiiipshn e reuion-irating against the admission
of anv moie daw Htafe- into this Union.
Bv Mr. GOT T : 'J'hc memoMa) of teachers' and students
of F.nuievilio Academy, New Yoik, for cheap postage.
Also, the memorial ol citizens of Amber, New York, amfoi
L i Fayette, New York, lor the right of tual b\ jniy to
alleged fugitives from seivioe. Al-o, the memorial of citi-
?. n* o( Ambi'i and La Fayette, New York, for freedom in
the territories.
Ako, the memorial* of citizens of the same places, for a
repeal or' all laws enacted or adopti d by Congress (or the
fcupputnf slavmy in the Di-maof Coiumbni. Alto, the
memorial* ol citizens of the same places, against the ad-
iui<-ion ol more slave States into the Union.
AI«o, the menioi ml of citizens ot Olno, lor a committee to
settle the --lave question.
B.v Mr. STANTON,of Kentucky: The memorial of Win
II. Scott, ot Grant county, piaying indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of tiie refusal ot the Postmaster
General to execute a contract for mail service according to
agieemetit and ihe refinements of the law.
By Mr. rOWLE'«: Tne petition of 0. G. Hubbard and
other*, citizens ot Massachusetts, praying fin the reduction
o/ pelage to two (Mints.
ByMr CONGER: The petition of 94 citizens of Cortland,
N< w V oik, for the repeat of all laws enacted or adopted by
Congress lor the support of slavery in the District ot Co-
lumbia.
Al-o, the petition of 10-1 citizens of the same place for'the
ectahli-htnei.t and protection of freedom in the territories
of the United States
A^o, the petition of 100 citizens of the same place to
secure to alleged fugitives t|if> j ight of uial by jury.
Also, the petition of 107eitizeris ol the same place against
the admission of more -lave Stales into the Union.
Bv Mr. S« HERMERHORN : The petition of 35 citizens
of Ogden, M'tmoe eoumy, New Yoik, praying that slavery
and ihe slave trade maybe exptes-dv pmhibiteri by act ot
Congiess in all the territories of the Unit* d Mates.
Also, the petition of 4L citizens ol the above lown and
couutv. praying tint no State be admitted into the Union
unless its constitution expressly prohibits slavery within its
lnniN.
Aho, the petition of 14 citizens of the same place, pray-
ing that no fugitive <lave be dehveied to the claimant with-
out tin* verdict of a jurv.
vnxl ofMississippi: The petition of L. W.
juiu, vv. Cook, and others, citizens of Copiah and
Hinds counties, Mississippi, for a mail-route from Gallatin
to Edwaids depdt, in that State.
By Mr. GOULD: The petition of 94 inhabitants of Mere-
dith, Delaware county, New York,for the repeal of all laws
or paius ot laws that authorise slavery in the jbi&inet of
Columbia, or in case of the non-repeal, the removal of the
National Government to some more favorable location.
Also, the petition ot 103 inhabitants of Meiedith, Dela-
ware county, New Y'ork, that slavery may be piohibited 11
the territories.
Also, the petition of 100 inhabitants of Meredith, Dela-
ware county, New Yoik, tor trial by jary for fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition ol lii6 inhabitants of Meiediili, Delaware
county, New York, that no State shall be admitted into the
Union that does not exclude slavery in its constitution.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petition of F. W.
De*na and others, officer-?, &c., lor a bounty in land, lor
sei vices in ihe Mexican wai.
Also, the petition ot E. Kirkpatrick, T. C. Denson, and
other.*, for a mail route from Dry Ridge, Dn.w county, by
Lacy, Fountain Hill, and Hamburg, to De Bastrop, in Ar-
kansas.
Also, the petition of Lieut. Col. Win. Giay, for a just rate
of compensation lor setvices tendered during the war.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of N. B. Biackman, D-
H. Ringer, Luther Humphtey, and 40 other cituens ot'Cass
county, Michigan, praying ttiai persons ariesteU as tugmve
slaves may he en tilled to triul by jur>, before delivered up to
the claimant.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of W. W. Dean and 53
others, citizens of the towm-hip ot Gieen Oak, in the State
of Mielngan, piaying that -lavety and the slave trade inay
be piohibited by act ot Congress in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, the petition of Hannibal Lee and 68 others, citizens
of ihe township aforesaid, praying that a trial by jury may
be gi anted to persons claimed as tugmve slaves.
Also, the petition oi William B. Mead and 102 citizens of
Salem, in toe Slate of Michigan, against the admission of
any State hereatiei into the Union, unless slaveiyor the
slave trade is expressly prohibited by us constitution.
Also, the petition ot 1^4 citizens oi the same township,
praying that a uial by juiy may be granted to persons claimed
as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 1*2L citizens of the same township,
piajing that slavery and the sUve trade may be prohibited
by act of Congress- in all the ten itorte* ol the United States.
Also, the petition ot 120 citizens of the same township,
praying the it-peal ot all laws t>«u*.cuontiig slavery or uie
slave trade in the District of Columbia.
AI>o, the petition ot Satin Peich and 108 citizens of
Ann Atbor, in Ihe State ot Michigan, praying that slavery
ami the sr-lave tr de may be expressly prohibited by act of
Congiess in all the teiritoues ot the United States.
Also, the petition ot J13 citizens ot the same township,
praying that no .State may be admitted into the Union unless
slavery be expressly prohibited in its eonstitu ion.
Also, the petition ol 103 citizens ol the same township,
praying tor the lepeal of all laws by which slavery and the
slave trade is sauctiom d in the Disuici ot Columbia.
Also, the petition of 117 citizens ol the same township,
praying that a trial by jury may be gianted to persons claimed
as fugitive slaves.
By Mr. R( liilUNS : The petition of Ni< hoi as Coleman
and 47 other*, citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a reduction
i of the postage on h tteis weighing hall an ounce and under
j to two cents ior any distance.
I ByMr. BOWIE: The memorial of Thomas Croxall and
i otheis, reptcscntdtivcs of the late Cai tain Chailcs Croxall,
; ot .VTaiyJ.uid, jji.nusg relief for revoiutionar) services.
! By Mr. ROCKWELL : The petition of II S. Uanney and
! 87 others, citizens or Ashriekl, Massachusetts, to have
i slavery prohibited in the temtories.
j Al-.>, Uie petition ot H. S. Ranncy and 84 others, citizens
, of Ashfn Id, Massachusetts, to secure to any persons who
I may be arrested as tugmve slaves, the right ot trial bv jury,
j Al-o, the p  tiiiou oi H. S. Ranneyaud £1 oiheis, citizens
I of A^bfield, Massachusetts, against the admission ot slave
! Stales into the Union.
; Al-o, tiie petition of 68 citizens o( Conway, Massacln*-
[ sett--, in tavor ol one uni-orm rate of postage of one cent on
j new-papers, and two cents on prepaid letters ot half an
i ounce weight, and other corresponding retonns.
; Bv Mr. ASHE: Tne memoiial ot M. P. Cuuir and others,
: in lavorof tim establishment of a mail-route fiom Rock fish,
Cumberland county, North Carolina, to l'hiladclphus, Robe-
son county, North Caioltna.
AT V
By Mr. JOHNSON, ot Tennessee : The petition of W. K.
Blair, of Jonesboro', Tennessee, pi a} ing Congress to giant
him compensaiion for service- rendered as pension agent.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition ol citizens of Tioga
county, New York, to secure to alleged fugitives a trial by
jury-
Also, the petition of the same, to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia.
Also, tlse petition of the same, to prohibit slavery in all
new States hereafter admitted.
Also, the petition ol the same, to prohibit slavery m the
territories ot the United States.
By Mr. HENRY : The petition of Everett Wellman and
Also, the petition of the same and 14 other citizens of the
same place, to secure to alleged fugitives the right of trial
byjury.
Also, the petition of the same and 15 other citizens of the
same place, tor the establishment and protection of Ireedoui
| tn the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the same and 16 other citizens of the
same place tor the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by
Congress ior the suppoitof slavery in the Districtot Colum-
bia.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, asking Congress
to place the soldiers of the war of J812 on the same footing
witii the soldiers of the Mexican war with regard to bounty
laudy pensions, &c.
ByMr. DUER: The memorial of 120 members of the
House of A.-sembly of the State ol New York, (whole num-
ber 128,) praying for the organization of a newjudicial dis-
trict in western New York.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of E. S. Blake and 215
other citizens of the city ot Racine, in the State of Wis-
consin, agaijist the admission oJ anv more clave States.
Also, the petition of Henry F. Cox and 213 others, citi-
zens of the city of Racine, m the State of Wisconsin, for
the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Congress for
the support of slavery in the District of Columbia. ~
Also, the petition of Peter Jones and 214 other citizens of
the city ot Racine, in the State of Wisconsin, for the es-
tablishment and protection of freedom in the territories.
Also, the petuion of Robert Welch and 216 others, citi-
zens of the city of Racine, in the State of Wisconsin, m
f.vorof securing to alleged fugitives the rLht of trial by
jury.
Also, the petition of A. G. Northway and 74 others, citi-
zens of Paris, in the State of^Wisconsin,against the admis-
sion of any more slave States.
Also, the petition of A. P. Adams and 74 citizens of the
same place, for the establishment and protection of freedom
in the territories.
Also, the petition of John E. Mount and 73 others, citi-
zens of the same place, m the State of Wisconsin, /or the
repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the
support of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Elisha Baker and 72 others, citizens
of the same place, in lavor of securing to alleged fugitives
the nghtof trial byjury.
Also, the petition of E D. Seward and 52 others, citizens
of Lake Mills, in the State of W isconsin, pra\ ing Congress to
take some action in favor of stipulated arbitration, or con-
gress of nations, lor the settlement of international contro-
versies.
Also, the petition of L. P. Drake and 117 others, citizens
of the same place, in favor of securing to alleged fugitives
the right of tual byjury.
Al.-o, the petition of Edwin D.Sewardand 119other«, citi-
zens of the same place, for the repeal of all laws enacted
or adopted by Congress for the support ot slavery in the
District ol Columbia".
Also, the petition of Joseph Colley and 116 others, citizens
of Belvit, in the State of Wisconsin, tor the repeal of all
laws enacted or adopted by Congress for the support of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Isaac Lvon and 70 others, citizens of
Walworth county, in the State ot Wisconsin, against the
admission of any more slave States.
Also, the petition of J. W. Cahoon and 70 others, citizens
of the same place, for the repeal of all laws enacted or
adopted by Congress lor the support of slavery in the District
of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Daniel Pierce, and 69 others, citizens •'
of the same place, in favor of securing to alleged fugitives
the right of trial byjury.
AKo, the petition of L. S Vanline, and 72 others, citizen-?
of the same place, for the establishment anil protection of
freedom in the territories.
Also, the petition of A. P. Bnbcock, and 110 other*, citi-
zens of Peoria, 111 the State of Illinois, for the establishment
and protection ot freedom in ihe terntories.
Also, the petition of Moses Ptttengill, and llo others,
of the same place, in favor ot securing to alleged fugitives
the right of trial byjury. °
Also, the petition ot Levi Spencer, and 110 others, citi-
zens of the same place, against the admisjon ot any inoie
slave States.
Also, the petition of Iu Smith, and 95 others, citizens of
the .«arnc place, foi the repeal of all laws, enacted or adopted
by Congress for the support of slavery in the Di,tnct of
; Columbia.
j Also, the petition of Haskell Wheelock and 60 others,
I citizens of Williamson and Mayville, in the Slate of Wis-
j constn, against the admission of any more -dave States.
, Also, the petition of R. S. chapman and 59 others, citi-
j zens of the same phiee-s, lor the establishment and protection
■ of freedom 111 the territories.
, Also, the petition of Samuel Goodwin and 62 others, eiti-
; zens of the same p!aee-=, nt favor of secui ing to alleged fu«*i-
! tups the right of trial bv jury.
; Also, the petition of N. F. Henrv and 50 others, citizens
1 of the same places, for the repeal of all laws enacted
other citizens ol Brooklin^ slavci v and CT'rt^ *e wpport of slavery in the Dt*
the slave trade may be prohibit, d in the temtories- that !: ai *;olum[),iK _ t
slaveiy and the slave tiade mm he abolished m the n/stuct '! / Pf*t,t!0n of Gabriel Cornish and 55 others, citi-
 ... «   ; in. i/isun/i "ZfTI-i fit H;> Irni in (!-><-> .«r     , ' . .
zens of Palmjra,in the Slate of Wisconsin, toi the estab-
li-hment and protection ot freedom in the territories.
Also, the petition of G. M. Harris and 54 others, citizens
of the same place, against the admission of any moie tdave
totaes.
of Coliimiua, or the seat of Government be removed there- ;
from; that persons claimed a  fugitives fiom slavery may 1
he entitled to tual by juiy; and that no Stale be hereafter 1
admitt* d into the Union, whos e constitution does not oro- '
hibit slavery. r !
By Mi. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of officers !
and soldiers of the war ol 1812, and othet citizcns of Law- i
rencf /?Unt,y' ^nns>ivafiiaj praying that land may be 1
granted to the officeis and soldieis who served a tour of i
| dutv, and to their heirs. |. - -  -   v.
| B.v Mr. I'UTNAlM : The petition of Jeremiah Rain of ! «e. Sar?e I" **vor of seeuiing to alleged fugitives the
! ^w Yo'k, to. compensation for property iktbi"turn '! Z r „ t
Also, the petition of Je?«p Hooker and oO others*, citizens
of Salem, m the State of Wisconsin, piaying Congress to
take some steps toward the establishment of "stipulated
arbitration," or congress ot nations, for the settlement of
international controversies.
Also, the petition of William Hooper and .">5 others, citi-
zens of the same place, for the repeal of all laws enacted or
adopted by Congress for the support of slaveiy m the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
AI«o, the petition of John Smith and 54 others, citizcns of
wh<-n a soldie
i compen^.
in ihe war ol 1812.
By Mr. (.'ABLE, of Ohio : The petition of Jo)in P.ost and
13 other citizens of Neiv Lisbon, Ohio, against the admis-
sion of more slave btates.
