1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
be reduced one third without any detriment to the
service. /
But the most important effect of this provision
will be upon the number of vessels in commission,
and upon their employment under ordinary cir-
cumstances. The six squadrons of which I have
spoken—the Home Squadron, the Pacific, the Med-
iterranean, the Brazil, the African, and the East
India squadrons—are together composed of thirty-
eight vessels of all classes; and it is to keep these
squadrons up as at present organized and em-
ployed that the vast expenditure of from seven to
nine millions is annually made. Now, I propose
that the two great squadrons of the Atlantic and
of the Pacific shall comprise only some twemy or
twenty-four efficient vessels in commission; and I
maintain that these, kept in active service and
properly managed, can do more than is now accom-
plished by the whole thirty-eight of our six squad-
rons. Suppose the Atlantic squadron should
comprise only twelve ships; one of these might
start every sixty days, or oftener if necessary, and
run up the coast of the United States, across the
Atlantic, down the coast of Europe, along the
northern and southern shores of the Mediterra-
nean, down the coast of Africa, up the eastern
coast of South America, through the West Indies,
and home. The vessels comprising the Pacific
squadron might do the same on the western coast
of South America, in the East Indies, and in
China, passing through the waters frequented by
our whalers, and along the coast of Oregon.
These voyages could easily be made in one year,
and no cruise need ever be longer than that period.
Our national flag might thu3 be carried regularly
every forty or sixty days into every important
port in the world, and our commerce would every-
where enjoy the watchful care and protection of
tile navy. The officers in command would com-
municate with our consuls and diplomatic agents in
all countries; and we should not then see, what
now frequently occurs, our vessels, after having
been at anchor in some distant port for six or
twelve months, ordered home, and passing some
of the most important ports of the world without
dropping an anchor or showing their flags. A
system of activity would be kept up highly bene-
ficial to the officers and men, as well as to the
Government. This general arrangement could be
at any time modified", as occasion might require;
and upon an emergency, a large force could be
speedily concentrated in any quarter of the world.
The plan I have thus briefly sketched, is ex-
ceedingly simple ; but it involves both economy
and efficiency m a high degree. I cannot see how
it is practicable to employ our navy, in times of
- peace, more advantageously than in the manner
proposed. I have no hesitation in saying, that the
navy, thus reduced and thus organized, would per-
form more service and dp more good, than it does
now with a much greater force. In order to feel
the truth of what I say, it is only necessary to ex-
amine into the usual employment of the navy in
time of peace. Take any on^iof'our squadrons
and inquire what it has been doing for a year
past. The Mediterranean will afford an admira-
ble object of comparison between the present sys-
tem and the one proposed. We have had in that
sea no less than four frigates, with some sloops of
war, all employing some twenty-five hundred men.
"What have they been doing? Most of the time
lying at anchor at Spezzia, at Bahia, or at Mahon.
Our commerce in the Mediterranean is quite small,
although it is increasing. We have some trade
with Marseilles, Trieste, and Smyrna. But it is
donbtful whether the two and a half millions re-
quired to support this squadron is not -more than
the whole profit derived from our commerce in the
Mediterranean. I have seen it stated that our ex-
ports to that sea amount to about six and a half
millions, and the imports to about five. It must
be a very profitable trade, if the whole profit to all
engaged in it would pay the expense of our
squadron. But what has that squadron been
doing? During the whole of last winter Commo-
dore Morgan's ship was lying at Bahia: he him-
self was living at Haples, and I presume he did
not see his ship for several months. As for the
-ships themselves,, they w«re quietly moored in
their respective harbors; and it is probable the only
American flags they saw for months together, were
those of the store-ships which carried them provis-
ions. In the mean time, the officers were by
turns living in the cities and enjoying themselves
with Italian luxury, while the men were virtual
prisoners on board,'in a state of pernicious inac-
tivity, with an occasional liberty to get drunk on
shore. The winters in the Mediterranean are said
to be stormy and severe; but let it be remembered
that the squadron was within three weeks' sail of
the tropics, a region of perpetual summer, where
the ocean is generally covered with our commerce.
I wish it to be distinctly understood that I do not
intend to cast the slightest reproach upon the offi-
cers to whom I have alluded.- They are but fol-
lowing in the footsteps of their predecessors, and
pursuing a custom which ha3 been long sanctioned
by the Government. They are sent out to do
what I have described, because they have nothing
else to do. It would, therefore, be unjust to at-
tribute to them any impropriety of action or dere-
liction of duty. Whatever of wrong there may
be in this system, arises from the fact of having
squadrons upon foreign stations, required to re-
main for years away from home, and having no em-
ploymentadequat to the force of men or guns, thus
sent out to make a display of the national power.
What I have said of the Mediterranean squad-
ron will apply to all or most of the others, with
the single difference that this is the most pleasant
and desirable station known to our navy. When
one of our vessels sets sail for a three years' cruise,
as it is called, she drops her anchor at Rio, atCal-
lao, or at Canton, anil there she frequently re-
mains for six or twelve months in a state of per-
fect inactivity. If she go to the East Indies, about
one half the time is employed in going and coming,
and this constitutes the principal part of her cruis-
ing. During the rest of the three years, she is
generally lying at anchor in port. Instances have
occurred of vessels losing their anchors by the
actual rotting or rusting of the cables", and it is an
old sarcasm, which I suppose is only true in a
metaphorical sense, that our ships " ground upon
the beef bones thrown overboard by their crews."
I have heard from the lips ot officers descriptions
of these long periods of inactivity m port, and I
will read a short passage describing their effect,
written by one who occupied the position of a
common sailor. It is from the well-known work
entitled White Jacket, which, however highly col-
ored it may be in some instances, cannot be con-
sidered extravagant in this:
" At sea there is more to employ tlje sailors, and less
temptation to violations of the i.tw. Whereas, in port, un-
less some particular service engages them, they lead the
lasiest of lives, beset by all the allurements ot the shore,
though perhaps that shore they ma} never touch.
" Unless you happen to belong to one ot" the numerous
boats, which, in a man-of-war m harbor, are continually
plying to and from the land, you are mostly thrown upon
your own resources to while away Ihe unic. Whole days
hequently pass without your being individually called upon
to lift a finger; for though, in the merchant service, they
make a point of keeping the men alvva>s busy about some-
thing or othfr, yet, to employ five hundred sailors, when
there is nothing definite to he done, wholly surpasses the
ingenuity ot any fust lieutenant m the navy."—IVlate
Jacket, p. 191.
This is a very moderate statement, and is undoubt-
edly true. It is easy to see. what consequences
must flow from the continuance of such a state of
things for six or twelve months m succession.
In many parts of the world—in the sickly cli-
mates of the East Indies or on the Coast of Africa,
our ships become nothing more nor less than float-
ing hospitals, or else they send their disabled crews
on shore to such establishments, maintained at
great expense by our Government. If, on the
contrary, our ships should be required merely to
sail through those inhospitable climes, touching at
all important points, the cruises being compara-
tively short, would partake more of the character
of trips of pleasure, and would rather contribute to
the health of the crews than otherwise. Those
places would no longer be considered only grave-
yards for the bones of our sailors. All the evils
of idleness and inactivity would be avoided, and a
healthful vigor wou'd be infused into the service.
You would thus save the expense of foreign
hospitals. You might abolish the naval depots at
Port Praya, Cape de Verd Islands; at Honolulu,
Sandwich Islands; and at Macao, China, saving
the expense of salaries of store-keepers, clerks, and
other agents. It might be necessary to retain a
depot at Spezzia and at Rio Janeiro. San Fran-
cisco is no longer a foreign station. The nftoney
spent in maintaining the navy would thus, for the
most part, be disbursed at home. The cruises never
being for more than twelve months, the sailors
would generally return in good health, or, if sick,
to our own hospitals. When indulged, with, lib-
erty to go on shore, it might be generally, if not
always, in our own land. Officers and men would
be kept in active employment,"and we should have
better soldiers and better seamen among both.- By.
judicious arrangements, every officer fit for ser-
vice would be able to procure a fair share of em-
ployment upon honorable duty, and to acquire all
the experience necessary to make him a perfect
master of his profession.
As to the African squadron, I think it ought to
be withdrawn as soon as we can give notice to
Great Britain and absolve ourselves from treaty
stipulations. The conviction is very general, that
the large force maintained for this purpose has
effected little towards the suppression of the slave
trade. But, however this may be, I believe the
mode I have suggested for employing the naval
forces^rould be more effectual in this respect than
the African squadron. If the vessels of the At-
lantic squadron should within short periods, and
at times which could not be foreseen, runsup or
down the coast of Africa, they would be much
more likely to fall in with and arrest the slavers,
than if they were stationed on the coast and all
their movements watched and known to the par-
ties pursued.
The acquisition of California, with the magnifi-
cent bay of San Francisco, renders it highly im-
portant to organize our naval forces in the Pacific
upon a footing altogether difFerent from that which
has heretofore prevailed. Millions of money have
been thrown away in sending our vessels to the
Pacific, and bringing them back for repairs. 1 do
not deem it important to present any calculation of
the saving which will be effected by establishing an
independent station at San Francisco. Nothing of
this kind is necessary. A glance only is sufficient to
satisfy every one of the vast importance of this
change. It should beourpolicy to encourage officers
of the navy to settle in California, instead of dis-
couraging it, according to what is understood to
have been the policy of the late Secretary of the
Navy. Let the Government extend its two arms
over the Atlantic and the Pacific, independent and
separate in their movements, but directed by one
central power at the seat of Government.
Our present system of maintaining separate
squadrons m different parts of the world, grew up
under a state of things wholly different from the
present, and chicfly from the example of the Brit-
ish Government. The Mediterranean was infested
with corsairs, and the coasts of Spanish America
with buccaneers. Our commerce is not now sub--
jected to such annoyances in any part of the
world. If it may be supposed that the presence
of a powerful squadron in any quarter contributes
to the security of our flag, I think it may be justly
anticipated that the regular appearance of our
armed ships in every principal part of the world,
will be still more effectual. In a given time we
would exhibit a greater number of guns, in a more
activegand efficient condition, and with the assu-
rance that they could easily be concentrated, in
order to punish an insolent aggressor. ...
In reference to the example of Great Britain, it
must be remembered that when she maintains a
fleet at Bombay or Calcutta, she is at home. In
the East or the West Indies, at the Cape of Good
Hope, or at Sierra Leone, she is equally within
her own dominions. The motives which operate
upon her have little or no application to us. Our
relations with the various parts of the world being
altogether dissimilar, our purposes are not the
same, and therefore demand a different system.
I know not, sir, how much favor my suggestions
may meet from any quarter. But I am profoundly
impressed with the conviction that some radical
change is necessary in order to reconcile the people
of this country to the vast expenses of our naval
establishment. Every patriotic officer in the ser-
vice, if he shall not approve the change which I
propose, will at least feel an ardent desire to satisfy
the American people, that he is at all times doing
something worthy of his own position, and of the
Government which employs him. If any better
proposition can be presented, I will embrace it with
the most hearty concurrence. And I do not doubt
that the officers of the navy, as a body, will gladly
cooperate in any measure which will render the
service more economical and more efficient. In
doing so they will be only providing for their own
security and most effectually maintaining the
honor and usefulness of their profession.
