770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
negs of yesterday does not proceed as a matter of
C°¥hft VIG E P EES! D E N T. The morning busi-
ness being over, we proceed to the orders of the
day as a jnatter of course.
«Mr. YULEE. A Senator was on the floor ad-
dressing the Senate at the time of the adjournment,
and I @uppos8 that question comes up first this
^VIOE PRESIDENT. Whenever the
gsnate proceeds to the orders of the day, the un-
finished business is first in order.
Mr. YtlLKE. The Senator from Mississippi,
to whom I alluded, was addressing the Chair on an
appeal, which was afterwards withdrawn.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi was entitled to the floor at the time,
' and therefore the appeal could not be withdrawn.
Mr. CLA.Y. "As the Senate adjourned yester-
day with unfinished business, and the Senator
from Mississippi was on the floor, it seems to me
it necessarily comes up as the first business in
order. You cannot get rid of that business and
of the speech the Senator was making, and which
he now'intends to finish, with a motion to lay the
unfinished business on the table.
Mr. BENTON. The unfinished business is not
now before the Senate, and 1 make a motion to
postpone everything that is before the Senate, and
proceed to the consideration of the California bill.
Mr. KING. We adjourned yesterday on un-
finished business. When that is taken up, then it
will be in order for the Senator lo move its post-
ponement, with a view to take up any other order
whie^ he may wish to accomplish. The moment
the morning business is gone through, the unfin-
ished business comes up, and it cannot therefore
be got clear of by a motion to lay all the orders,
resolutions, bills, and every description of business
on the table. I have never known an instance,
since I have been in the Senate, of such a proceed-
ing. When the unfinished business is taken up,
as it is right and proper it should be, having prefer-
ence over everything else, then it is in the power
of the Senator from Missouri to make bis motion,
and not till then.
Mr. BENTON. I know that perfectly well—it
was what 1 did yesterday. But 1 know, also, that
jt involves a double motion—one to lay on the
table, and the other to take up the other subject.
That double motion was an impediment to my \
success yesterday, and, therefore, 1 determined to |
ttmke the motion singly this morning, and thus j
have a direct vote on the subject of taking up the I
California bill. As for this thing of unfinished •
business, I apprehend that it is not the fir^t time ]
the Senate has adjourned on unfinished business,
by upwards of "considerable." And if it does,,
the Senate the next day has all its business under i
its own control, and can proceed precisely as it j1
pleases. My motion is in order, and 1 now ask !
for th6 vote upon it. All that 1 proposed to say 1
was to make the motion and ask for the yeas and
nays, which are ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Chair to the rules of the Senate, it appears by
the 30th rule that "the special orders of the day
shall not be called by the Chair before one o'clock,
unless otherwise directed by the Senate." The
15th rule says, that "the unfinished business in
which the Senate was engaged at the last prece- '
ding adjournment, shall have the preference in the
special orders of the day." Therefore, the unfin-
ished business is not in order until one o'clock,
and the Senator from Missouri is in order in the
motion which he has made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The doubts which !
the Chair has, arise from his inexperience in this |
body. The Chair supposes the rule to he, that ■
when any subject is properly under consideration,
it is in order to move its postponement. The
Chair cannot understand how subjects not under
consideration can be.postponed.
Mr. KING. Certainly. The Chair is right.
Mr. BENTON. With great deference to the ;
Chair, I will lestate my motion. It was, that all
previous orders should be postponed. This is a '
^motion of ordinary occurrence. j
Mr. CLAY. I understand the course of pro-
. ceeding to be, if you desire to postpone a subject, i
to move to take it up, and then make your motion i
to postpone it, refer it to a committee, or as you |
please. But how can you postpone the unfinished !!
speech of a Senator, who got only partially en- Jl
gaged in the subject when he gave way? The
Senator has a right to the floor, and the orders of
the day should certainly be taken up to give him
that right.
Mr. YEJLEE. I will move, sir, that the unfin-
ished business of the preceding day be now taken
up, and, before doing so, I will refer the attention
of the Chair to the 15th rule of the Senate:
" The unfinished business in which the Senate was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment shall have the
preference in the special orders of the day."
I will refer the Chair also to page 160 of the
Manual:
" When any member moves fnr the order of the day to be
read, no further debate i* pei milted upon thf que>uon he-
fore the House, for, if the debate might proceed, it might
continue through the day and defeat the order."
I now take'it, that if the unfinished business of
the preceding day is the order of the day, that, in
making1 a motion to proceed to the order of the day,
it will-be the duty of the Chair to cause the order to
be read, and then a motion is required to be made to
supersede it. The position taken by the Senator
from Kentucky seems to me to accord with the
rule, as I understand it to be laid down in the
Manual. I call for the unfinished business, in
order to test the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 30th rule de-
clares that the special orders shall not be called
by the Chair before one o'clock, unless otherwise
directed by the Senate; and the Chair supposes
that, under that rule, a motion might bejnade at
the present time to proceed to the special order.
The next rule bearing on this point is the 15th,
which declares that " the unfinished business in
' which the Senate was engaged at the last pre-
4 ceding adjournment, shall have the preference in
' the special oiders of the day." The next rule
that seems to bear upon this point is the 11th:
"When a question is under debate, no motion pliall be
received but to adjourn, to l.e ou the tabic, to p-sipone
ind<'fuMe!y, to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
amend ; which sever.il motions shall have piecedtjiice in
the order they stand airanged,1' &.c.
Under that rule the Chair supposes it to be in
the power of a Senator to move to postpone any
business whenever the Chair proposes it to the
consideration of the Senate. The Chair, there-
fore, is of opinion that a general motion, before
proceeding to the order of the day, to postpone it,
is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. With all deference to the opin-
ion of the Chair, I must be permitted to say, that
I think the decision is contrary to the practice of
this body. It is the everyday'a practice here,
during the morning business, to fake up bills out
of their order, i know no mode in which that
can be done except by a postponement of the pre-
vious oiders; and such, 1 believe, is (he form in
which the motion is put. But there is another
difficulty. The special order is not before us, and
it cannot be reached by a motion to postpone.
The motion of the Senator from Missouri, I ap-
prehend, docs not rcach it. It is the general or-
ders which are at this time m order before the Sen-
ate. Tfhe course of business is, that pievious to
the hour of one, the general orders are in order to
be taken up. Such is the practice of the Senate.
If there are no motions, resolutions, or reports,
the Chair proceeds to take up the bills standing on
the calendar, which are the general orders before
the Senate, unless there is application made to
postpone the previous orders and take up a par-
ticular bill. The motion does not reach the spe-
cial oiders of the day until one o'clock. Such is
my view.
Mr.-DENTON. I concur fully with the Sena-
tor from Vermont; and there being now nothiro'
befoie the Senate, I move to take up the California
bill.
Mr. YULEE. The President may recollect
that I made a motion, which I suppose to be in
order, that the Senate should proceed to the con-
sideration of the unfinished business of yesterday
which I understand to be the special order of the
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not 1
understand the Senator to make the motion. !
Mr. \ ULEE. I made the motion distinctly '
and £ presume, if the Chair did not, uther Senators '
heard it.
Mr. FOOTE. I waived the floor yesterday
with a distinct understanding with Senators that
1 should be allowed to speak to-day. I cannot
believe that the American Senate will violate such
a principle of honorable arrangement. Such an
arrangement was understood, and the fact is so
reported. I certainly have done nothing that
should authorize the Senate to treat me in such a
!' way as is proposed. For myself, sir, 1 would
■ never vote for such a proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair certain-
j; ly did not understand the Senator from Florida to
i make the motion to which he refers.
;i Mr. YULEE. I stated the rule which I sup-
ji posed gave precedence to the unfinished business^
!! and then moved to take it up.
I! The VICE PRESIDENT. There was a mo-
il tion pending at the time.
II Mr. YULEE. I considered that my motion
had precedence, because the rule gave precedence
to the business to which it referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
proceed to the consideration of the California bill.
Mr. BALDWIN. On that motion 1 ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the motion of the
Senator from Missouri be laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered,
and, being- taken, lesulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Hadger, Bell, Borland, Brisht,
Butler, Ca^s, Clay, Clemen?, D.ivis of IWu-sUsippi. Dickin-
son, Downs, Foote, Hunter, King, Manpum, Mason, Mor-
ton, Pcarce, Itu>k, Se*>a>nan, Soule, Sturgeon, Turney,
Underwood, Wliitcomb, and Ynlee—27.
NAYS—Messrs.. Bditiwm, heuton, Chns^, Clarke, Cor-
wtn, Davis o{ Massaclm-ett-, Dayton D.idgc of Jow.i,
Dodge of Wi-consm, Douglas, Pelch, Greene,"Hale, U.im-
hn, Jones, Miller, Norris, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spruanee, Walker, ami Webster—24.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
THE SELECT COMMITTEE OF THIRTEEN.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
resolutions submitted by the honorable 'Senator
fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and by the honora-
|j ble Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and the
ii motion to refer them to a select committee.
;j Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise for a purpose which
; I have no doubt will gratify gentlemen on all sides,
11 sincerely and profoundly desirous of action, practi-,
! cal action on the proposition before the. Senate, in
!> which the country feels so deep an interest. I shall
jt waive any feelings merely of a personal nature,
'  out of consideration to the exigencies of the hour,
jl I design, therefore, saying not another word; I
only ask for an early vote.
>j Mr. MANGUM. I will inquire whether the
;i appeal from the, decision of the Chair yesterday
I has been withdrawn? If it has not, I hope it will
Mr. CLAY. It has. Is it not so stated on the
; Journal ?
' Mr. MANGUM. It is not, I believe, so stated
I on the Journal.
: Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator allow me to in-
1 quire of the Chair whether it is not so stated on
, the Journal ?
| The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not appear
I on the Journal.
I Mr. CLAY. Then, sir, without any change of
j my own opinion,'thinking as I did when I made
| the appeal, I withdraw it, with h view to facilitate
! action.
Mr. MANGUM. I am gratified that the Sena-
; tor has withdrawn the appeal from the decision of
the Chair. It is always unpleasant toicome in
; collision with any decision which has been made
by the Chair.
| While 1 am up, sir, I will remark that 1 hope
we shall vote upon all these propositions. I hope
: the fullest latitude will be given by our friends to
! discussion, and, when that discussion is ended,
i that they will take the vote. 1 further hope that
; those who have voted with the majority upon these
, questions hitherto, will give an answer only by yea
| or nay; and if any mattershould be adverted to that
may hereafter require notice, I hope that that notice
: will be bestowed upon it at a period which shall
not tend to retard the action of the Senate upon
these vastly important questions. 1 think, .'sir,
there is a disposition universal amongst this body
to bring to.a close the whole of this matter at the
earliest day 
The PRES1 DING OFFICER, [Mr.Atchison.]
The Senator fiom Mississippi ts entitled to the
floor. The gentleman from North Carolina is
therefore out of order.
