186i4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 19/
If my proposition should be thought to inter-
fere with the prospect of promotion now held out
to meritorious officers by the six squadrons at pres-
ent maintained, I-say with all sincerity, that I am
far from desiring to interfere with these honorable
aspirations. If you choose to connect with this
plan for the reduction of expense and increase of
efficiency in the navy, the establishment of the
grade of admirals to command the two great divis-
ions of our forces on the Atlantic and the Pacific,
it would not interfere with the primary object,
which is -to modernize the system—perhaps it
would rather promote it. Certainly it would de-
tract nothing, of any moment, from the economy
or efficiency of the measure.
I have said that a navy will become worthless,
when, in any important particular, it is inferior to
the commercial marine which it is designed chiefly
to protect. At the present time, when we have
numerous lines of steam-packets crossing the At-
lantic ocean- in little more than one week—when
the passage is so regular and certain that it has
been aptly called a ferry, I maintain that the old
system of three years cruising is behind the age.
It is utterly antiquated, and it ought to become ob-
solete. When this system was commenced, our
frigates and ships of the line were equal to the best
vessels employed in commerce. In war, therefore,
they were efficient for the purpose of their creation. j
But now, what would any ship of the line or any |
frigate in the service, do with such a vessel as the
Georgia, of the Chagres line of steamers ? For j
seven successive days, this ship has made some-
thing like fifteen knots an hour. She could walk
away, with perfect ease and safety, from any ship
we have now in the service, or from the combined
force of all our squadrons. If the navy, therefore,
is to remain in its present condition, it is not diffi-
cult to see that in any future war it will be almost
useless; for the commerce of a hostile nation
would betake itself at once to those ships which
could easily avoid your own. We cannot- for
a moment suppose that any nation will delib-
erately set to work and build a number of frigates
and ships of the line to go upon the ocean and
exchange broadsides with your own, while their
commerce is rapidly passing at a distance secure
from the attacks of this effete and sluggish arma-
ment. It will be the policy of all wise nations to
slough off these old and diseased parts as fast as
possible, and to substitute for them, new, sound,
and vigorous limbs, such as the most advanced
commerce of the age is accustomed to employ.
I was told by an intelligent officer of the navy
that in 1844, the frigate Raritan was ordered from
Philadelphia to New York. By reason of adverse
winds, she was no less than fifteen days in ma-
king this little movement, which a steamer would
have made in something like twenty-four hours.
It is no uncommon thing for our ships to lie four,
five, or ten days in port, waiting for wind to carry
them out. This will do very well when an enemy
is subject to the same detention. But when his
movements partake of the promptness and celerity
of steam, such inactivity would be fatal to us. In
1841, Admiral Stopford, in his attack on St. Jean
D'Acre, landed a large body of troops, in steam-
ers, in fifteen days from England. They were in
vigorous health, and took possession of the whole
coast of Syria, before their presence was known
at Constantinople. The same movement in sail-
ing-vessels would have required three months.
" But what shall we do with the surplus ships, if
this system should be adopted ? If they can be
Considered efficient and valuable, place them in or-
dinary and preserve them—if not, break them up
or dispose of them, and substitute steam vessels
as fast as possible. One efficient steamship,
moored in sight of the Capitol, and ready to go to
sea at a moment's warning, would be more effi-
cient, in time of peace, in protecting our com-
merce or performing any other service, than our
whole home squadron, so far as it is composed of
sailing ships. Such a steamer could reach the
West Indies as soon as information could be con-
veyed to any one of our vessels there. It could
visit the Mediterranean quite as soon as one of our
frigatescould receive a dispatch from Washing-
ton, and be ready to sail to any neighboring port
I think I have shown how a reduction of two
millions of dollars can be effected, and that with-
out in the least degree diminishing the efficiency
of our navy. Will it be satd that this scheme is
visionary ? 1 will venture the assertion, that if
you we;e to make the proposition to the enter-
prising merchants of our country—to the Laws,
the Collinses, the Aspinwalls—they would under-
take to perform double the service performed
by our navy in time of peace, (and perhaps, too,
in time of war,) for the same amount of money.
The scheme would not be visionary to them, and
I am sure it will not be to many of the wisest and
most efficient officers of the navy. It will be the
beginning of a great change, to be followed by
other measures, which will eventually make the
navy, in all respects what it ought to be.
1 know that 3team will be expensive when ap-
plied to the navy; and 1 am aware that many offi-
cers believe it will be used only as an auxiliary
power, to tow vessels mto line and to carry and
bring dispatches. But 1 am well satisfied that in
future wars it will be a primary power—perhaps
the only power employed to propel vessels. The
advantages are so manifest and manifold, that I
would as soon expect wagons and horses to :-uper-
sede railroads, as to suppose tlftt sailing vessels
will compete with steamers m time of war.
But, sir, I think something moie is necessary
in order to come up fully to the spirit and progress
of the present age. To maintain a very large navy
of steamers to cruise about in time of peace, wilt
be an expensive outlay which will accomplish little
good. To build the ships or prepare the mate-
rial, and let them rot at your navy-yards before
the necessity to use them arises, will evince quite
as little wisdom. Is there not some plan by wmch
this seven and a half, or nine and a half millions
of dollars can be made to contribute to some wise
and beneficent purpose, at the same tune that itin-
sures the defence of oui country and the protection
of our commerce ? Can it not be made to afford as-
sistance to our commerce at the same time that it
is prepared to protect it? In short, may there not
be a closer union between our commercial and na-
val marine thaii there has heretofore been, and that
with signal advantage to both ? I think, sir, we
have already answered this question in the several
lines of mail steamers heretofore established by
this Government, with the important provision for
their incorporation into the navy, in case of an
emergency. I am prepared to defend this policy.
I think it is wise, elficient, and economical. I be-
lieve it is in accordance with the spirit and prog-
ress of the age, and that the American people will
demand its adoption and extension whenever they
shall fully undeista'nd it. it is not my purpose to
maintain that this system will supersede the sep-
arate navy. I am by no means hostile to this arm
of the public defence. On the contrary, 1 conceive
myself to be a better friend of the navy than any
one who opposes its improvement or its more inti-
mate connection with the commerce of the country.
What I contend for is, the preparation, by the pro-
posed lines, of a reserved naval force, which will
be ready at short notice, in conjunction with and
in addition to the navy proper, to devote itself with
vigor and effect to the defence of the country.
The adoption and reasonable extension of this
system, will enable us to keep the peace establish-
ment of the navy within pioper limits, without
exposing our commerce to the imminent hazard of
destruction upon the sudden occurence of war.
We will be thus cheaply providing and maintain-
ing the most ample means of defence for every
emergency. At the same time, we will be protect-
ing, defending, and enlarging our commerce, arm-
ing it with the resources of this Government to
enable it to cope with the combined power of Brit-
ish capital and the British crown. Without such
a movement on our part, English enterprise, under
the patronage of a far-seeing and liberal Govern-
ment, will monopolize all the channels of profitable
commerce and maintain her ancient supremacy
upon the ocean. In this particular, it is indispens-
able for us to follow the example of our great
rival. Her lines of steamers not only penetiate to
all portions of her vast dominions, but they con- 11
necther with almost all portions of the world. '!
We must, therefore, endeavor both to counteract 11
this comprehensive policy, so far as it operates to !l
the disadvantage of our commerce, and to place1'
ourselves upon something like ah equality, in order
to secure that commerce against these formidable
forces, in case of another quarrel. In doing this, we
will be knitting together m closer and more frater-
nal union, our naval and commercial marine. We
will be giving an indication of the approach of that
happy period, when " the lion shall He down with
the lamb," and " when the sword shall be turned
into a ploughshare." Verily, sir, when our
ships shall be built with a view to efficient defence,
armed with the instruments of war and com-
manded by officers of the navy, yet ploughing the
ocean only in the peaceful pursuits of commerce,
it may be doubted whether the prophecy is not
already half fulfilled, and the sword already half
transformed into the harmless and peaceful instru-
ment of agriculture.
1 know what are the objections to this system.
I have studied them all, and after deliberate con-
sideration I believe they are of no force. It is not
my indention now, and time would not permit if is
were, to attempt to meet the objections to the gen-
eral system; but I am confident that I can do so
successfully, and 1 will undertake the task if occa-
sion should require and an opportunity be af-
forded.
I desire further to say now, that I shall take the
first occasion to call up the bill to establish a line
of steamers to the coast of Africa. This will con-
stitute one of the most important and efficient parts
of the system to which 1 have alluded. If Con-
gress should adopt the measure as presented, we
shall have, as soon as they can be constructed
three of the most magnificent ships afloat on the
globe. Nothing in the British navy or upon any
of the British mail lines will be equal to them,
unless the English Government should imitate our
example, and construct vessels of similar magni-
tude and power.
Some gentlemen have indicated opposition to
this measure. I presume no better opportunity
to discuss it can be expected at the present session
than during the pendency of the naval appropria-
tions. Entertaining the strongest confidence in
the wisdom and propriety of the measure, I am
anxious to learn what objections can be ur°-ed
against it. In the report which I had the honor
to present to the House, and which has been
printed and generally read, I have stated the prin-
cipal grounds on which I am prepared to support
it. The limited time allowed me now will not ad-
mit of any further remarks, and I therefore reserve
what I have to say as a reply to the opposing
aigument.
Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr. GREEN obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee during the hour, in a speech (of
which a report will appear in the Appendix.) At -
the outset, Mr. G. made a few preliminary obser-
vations in favor of the reforms advocated by the
gentleman who had just taken his seat, either upon
some such plan as had been suggested by that
gentleman, or on some other. He (Mr. G.) then
proceeded to address the committee on the subject
, to which he had mainly riaen to speak—the sys-
j tem of mail steamers. Referring to his own course
j on that question, and claiming for himself, by the
I record of his votes, freedom from all responsibility
! for the establishment of the system, he proceed-
1 ed to address the committee m opposition to its
j extension, and in flvor of its discontinuance He
I argued that it had entirely failed to realize the
| beneficial results which had been claimed for it by
those who voted for its establishment, either as a
postal arrangement, as an adjunct to the navy, or
as an aid to commerce.
The hour having elapsed—■
Mr. WHITE obtained the floor. He said that,
at this late period of the session, and with the
mass of unfinished business which awaited the ac-
tion of the House, he, for one, would not acqui-
esce in the consumption of further lime in this
discussion. He moved, therefore, that the com-
mittee rise, with a view to offering in the House a
resolution closing the debate.
Mr. FEATHERSTON hoped, he said, that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. White] would
not insist on his motion. He (Mr. F.) did not
think that a subject of so much importance should
be forced through without discussion.
Mr. WHITE was immovable.
The question on the motion was then taken, and-
decided in the affirmative.
So the committee rose and reported progress 
Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, Speaker pro tem.
Mr. BAYLY. I intend to move a resolution to
stop the debate on this bill, but before 1 do so, I
desire to say a word. This is a very heavy bill,
and there has been a most important reform prop-
osition presented by1 the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Stanton, of Ten ties-
