imo.
THE CON6UH&SI0N&L &LOBD.
IW
Bee;] and, besides that, it is anticipated that there
are important amendments to be offered which can-
not be fully discussed under the five minutes rule.
In this state of things, X do not think that the de-
bate should be stopped sooner than to-morrow at
one o'clock; and I offer the usual resolution to that
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out " one o'clock" and in-
serting "three." The amendment which the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs pro-
poses to offer to this bill is a very important one.
It presents a new question 
Mr. SCHENCK interposed with an injury,
(addressed to the Chair,) whether there was not a
motion pending to "stop debate?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The resolution is
Mr. SCHENCK. I make the point of order
that a motion to stop debate is not debatable.
The SPEAKER (pro tem, reconsidering his de-
cision) decided that the resolution was not de-
batable.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, appealed from the
decision, (not, he said, for its bearing upon the
present bill, but upon future cases.)
Mr. FEATHERSTON claimed the floor.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, claimed the floor
on the appeal.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, (to the Chair.) Is the
appeal debatable ?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) It is.
Mr. McLANE suggested that if the resolution
was not debatable, the appeal was not.
The SPEAKER (pro lent, overruling his first
decision) decided that the appeal was not debata-
ble.
Mr. McLANE withdrew the appeal.
Mr. ASHMUN rose, he said, to a privileged
question. In order to get through the debate, he
moved that ihe House take a recess from four to
seven o'clock this evening. j
Mr. FEATHERSTON submitted that this was
not a question of privilege. And he claimed the
floor, which, he said, he had not yielded.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair has de-
cided that the resolution upon which the gentle-
man was addressing the House is not debatable.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I move the amend-
ment, and I call the previous question.
Mr. WHITE hoped, he said, that the amend-
ment would be voted down, and that a still earlier
period than had been designated for the termina-
tion of the debate would be agreed upon.
The question was taken on the demand for the
previous question, and, by ayes 82, noes not
counted, was seconded.
And the main question (first on the amendment
and then on the resolution) was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendment was rejected.
And the resolution was adopted.
So the H«use decided that the debate should
terminate to-morrow, (Friday,) at one o' clock.
* Mr. ASHMUN then moved that the House take
a recess from half-past three to seven o'clock.
Mr. JONES submitted that this was not a priv-
ileged question. He would not, however, object
to the motion if it was pressed, with the under-
standing that no business was to be transacted1, but
simply that the discussion on the naval appropria-
tion bill should be continued. He was opposed
to night sessions.
Mr. ASHMUN remarked (but was manifestly
not heard by Mr. Jones) that his (Mr. A.'s) only
object was to allow the discussion on the navy
bill to proceed.
The motion was not entertained.
Mr. GILBERT asked' the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given.
, Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Featherston] to waive the motion, to
allow him (Mr. B.) to make a report.
Mr. Speaker COBB now resumed the chair.
The SPEAKER propounded the question, Is
there any objection to the gentleman from Califor-
nia introducing the bill?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. As the time for de-
bate in "Committee of the Whole on tiife 'state of
the Union" upon' the navy bill is very limited, I
cannot consent to it. 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope not.
The motion of Mr. Featherston was put and
rejected.
DEFICIENCY FOR MILEAGE, &C.
Mr. BAYLY desired to say to the House, that
the committee of conference on the part of this
House had met the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon the bill providing for the
supply of the deficiency in the appropriations
heretofore made for the pay and mileage of' mem-
bers of Congress for the present'session, and he
asked the unanimous consent to make a report
from that committee. If the unanimous consent
were not given, he would not be able to make the
report until the committees were called.
The SPEAKER. Is the unanimous consent
given to the gentleman from Virginia to make the
report ?
Mr. BISSELL objected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Cannot the
committee of conference report at any time, as a
privileged question ?
The SPEAKER stated that committees of con-
ference had usually been allowed to report at any
time, by general consent, but the Chair, knew of
no rule which authorized them so to report, if ob-
jection was made.
Mr. RICHARDSON made the point, that under
the rule—it being within the last ten legislative
days of the session—a motion to suspend the rules
could be entertained, and he moved to suspend the
rules to enable the gentleman from Virginia to
make the report.
The rule is as follows:
"Except during the last ten days of the session, tile
Speakei shall not entertain a motion to suspend the rules of
the House at any time, except on Monday of every week,"
&c.
The SPEAKER stated that he'had not exam-
ined the practice of the House to see what con-
struction had been placet! upon the rule. He
should be governed by that practice, but his own
opinion was that the last ten days did not com-
mence until Saturday next. Tile motion to sus-
pend the rules was not therefore in order.
The SPEAKER again propounded the question,
"Is there any objection to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia making the report from the committee of
conference r"
Mr. BISSELL again objected.
Mr. WHITE moved that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn to seven o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion, except by general consent. It is the
same as that of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ashmun] to take a recess.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of
the Chair that the report of the committee of con-
ference was not a privileged question.
He wished to say a few words on the appeal. He
believed it had been the uniform practice of the
House to receive reports from committees of confer-
ence as a privileged question; and although there
was no rule of the House, he contended that the
practice had been such as to constitute a common
law on this question.
Mr. BISSELL (Mr. Schenck yielding) said,
as his objection was likely to consume the time of
the House, he would withdraw it, having made it
that the committees generally might the sooner be
called for reports.
The SPEAKER was understood to intimate to
Mr. Schenck that the appeal would fall, the
objection being withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to say that he
would like to insist upon his appeal, as it was
likely to be an important question, and they would
continually be receiving reports from committees
of conference for the remainder of the session.
The SPEAKER again asked if objection was
made to the reception of the report of Mr. Batly?
Mr. WHITE. Will that override the appeal?
The SPEAKER. The appeal falls as a matter
of course.
Mr. WHITE. Then I object.
Mr. W. did not insist upon the objection.
The SPE A KER again propounded the question:
" Is any objection made to the reception of the re-
port from the committee of confcrence ?"
No objection was made. . •
Mr. BAYLY. The committee of conferees oh
the part of the House have met the committee of;
conferees on the part of- the Senate, and are ena-
ble to come to any agreement. I move that the
House recede from their disagreement to the Sen-
ate's amendments.
. These amendments' are*—
The following proviso in the bill of the House
was stricken out by the Senate:
" Provided, That the Senators and Representatives from
California be allowed the same mileage as the Delegate from
Oregon, and no more."'
And the following was inserted in lieu, thereof,
viz:
"That the mileage of the Senators and Representatives
from California and the Delegate from Oregon be computed
according to the most usual traveling route within the limits
ol the United Slates; and the per diem ol the said Senators
arid Representatives, for tins session, shall commence from
the day on which the constitution of California was first
communicated to the two Houses of Congress respectively."
The question being upon the motion to recede
from the disagreement of the House to the said
amendments—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, hoped the
House would not recede. He wanted the Senate,
on the first disagreeing vote, to understand that the
House had some opinion. He would state what
had .occurred upon this matter. This House had
said in the first instance that the mileage of the
members from California should be the same as
that of the Delegate from Oregon. The bill went
to the Senate, they struck out that provision, and
provided, in lieu thereof, that the mileage of the
California members should be computed upon
routes within the United States, (which he thought
was now the law,) and that the mileage of the
Delegate from Oiegon should be the same as that
of the California members; and that the California
members should receive their per diem from the
day that the message of the President enclosing
the constitution of California was communicated
to Congress. As the conferees could not agree, he
was willing that the House should recede, and that
those members should receive their mileage for the
present session under the existing law. But he
was very unwilling that they should not, for the
future, have some law upon the subject. The
amendment of the House provided that the Cali-
fornia members should receive the same mileage
as the Delegate from Oregon, i. e. $2,500. He
thought that was enough. The amendment of the
Senate, according to his estimate, would give them
between $4,000 and $4,500. He was willing to
let the matter pass in thjs way for the present,"but
he thought that for the future they should have
some fixed rule upon this subject. The Senate,
having fixed the mileage of the California members
at between $,4,000 and $4,500, wlifle that of the
Delegate from Oiegon was limited by law to
$2,500, were so struck with the injustice of their
own act that they had gone on and raised that of
the Oregon Delegate to about double the amount
he now received.
He repeated, while he was willing to let the
California members receive their mileage for the
present session, according to law, he thought it
imperatively necessary that they should hereafter
have some regulation upon the subject. They
had already fixed maximums—not only that of the
Delegate from Oregon—but the House, by a vote of
three fourths of the members present, had deter-
mined that the highest mileage to be leceived by
any Representative from a State should be $,1,000.
No regard was had in this regulation to the mem-
bers from California; and as a matter of course
such a limitation ought not to apply to them. He
was informed by the Delegate from Oregon that
he traveled eight hundred miles further than the
California members, which was undoubtedly true,
for he came, through California. He thought the
Senate did justly in raising the mileage of the Del-
egate up to that o^ these members, but he thought
the whole amendment wrong, and that $2,500
was enough for either of them; and he wished
that regulation made to apply for the future.
If they intended to back out on this mileage
question, they might as well back out now; if
not, he hoped they would stand firm 'on a posi-
tion which the House had deliberately taken.
He had stated in committee of conference that he
acted not only upon his own opinion, but that he
represented the opinion of the House.
A few words of conversation passed between
