1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1867
for the naval service. He informed us that he
meant to propose the building of a line of steam-
ers, by the aid of the funds and the credit of the
United States, which would establish a connection
between certain ports in this country and the
coast of Africa.
The double purpose of this scheme was the
mail service of the United States to that coast and
other places, as well as affording a means for
the transportation of the free negroes of America
to the land of their ancestors. When this project
was first suggested to me, some months ago, I
was inclined to think favorably of it*—at least so
much so as to give it the most calm and minute
consideration. I have done ho, and taken counsel
of the most experienced persons with whom I had
an opportunity of consultation, to avail myself of
their experience and their wisdom. The result
of my reflections, and of all the lights which have
been afforded me, is a decided conviction that it is
neither safe nor prudent for this Government to
embark in this enterprise. Indeed, sir, 1 have
been led so much and so gravely to dt>ubt the pro-
priety of our existing steam mail arrangements, as
to determine me, if it were an original question,
to oppose any such organization. The existing
Contracts must and ought to be complied with.
Good faith requires it, and I will vote every cent
necessary to the fulfillment of our engagements.
But I am unwilling to extend such engagements,
or to favor any further interest in such enterprises.
3t is argued that the terms are most favorable to
this Government, inasmuch as these mail steamers
constitute a ready supply of steamships, all at hand
for defence in case of a war, the Government, by
the conditions of the contract, having a right to
take them at valuation, and convert them into war
steamers. To this there are two objections: fiist,
the vessels are built witfy a view to freight and
passengers, and not for war service.
Mr. STANTON, (Mr. Venable giving way.)
I will say to the gentleman from North Carolina
that I have been on board the steamer Georgia,
and conversed with her gallant and intelligent com-
mander, who expresses the belief that that vessel
could be most readily converted into an efficient
war steamer, and render most excellent service,
The British steam marine is so powerful and effec-
tive that a sudden war with England would leave
our coast and towns exposed before suitable de-
fences of the same sort could be provided, unless
we had some such provision for the prompt trans-
fer of such steamers as those proposed, and those
engaged in the steam mail service already, to our
naval service. I would ask the gentleman whether
the men who have given him their opinions, believe
that the Saranac, built under the order of the Na-
val Department, is a superior war steamer to those
engaged now in the mail service, should they be
fitted for that purpose?
Mr. VENABLE. I do not doubt but that the
gallant commander of the Georgia believes all that
he says about the good ship. It is nothing new
that the sailor should love the ship in which he
sails or which he commands. That is one of the
striking features of the character of that singular
race of men. In all times they have been known
to love their vessel with the ardor of attachment
which binds other men to their families and their
homes. Indeed, much of their efficiency is refer-
able to that enthusiastic, that romantic feeling,
which causes them to feel as though the misfor-
tune of their ship was their own personal calam-
ity, and that she came in for her full share of any
glory which they might acquire whilst sailing or
fighting on her decks. But, sir, I have consulted
old officers of the navy, whose faces have been
bronzed by the vicissitudes of climate, and whose
services to their country whilst acquiring these
indicice of hardship and exposure to danger have
placed their names high upon the roll of fame
I have not seen the first one (although, doubtless,
there are some who may hold the opposite opin-
ion) who has expressed the belief that those ves-
sels now in the mail service would make efficient
war steamers. Their construction, their decks,
and their cabins, all forbid it. And the alterations
to be made would be so material as to forbid all
idea of economy in taking them rather than build
ne\y ones. They are not believed capable of car-
rying cannon sufficiently heavy to make them val-
uable fpr that service-, and, upon the whole, are
not adapted for effective employment in the vicissi-
tudes of maritime war.
Again, sir, the scheme would seem to include
no idea of the wear and tear of those vessels. It
presupposes both immortality and indestructibility
in the ships themselves. We cannot be ignorant
of the fact, that the steamers are constantly ex-
posed to disaster—that they must wear out, be-
come old,"and, as warstearners, valueless; and if
taken by the Government, it must always be at
valuation, and that valuation, we know, will be
favorable to the owners, and against the party
who purchases. The Treasury advances money
for the right of taking possession of the steamer,
upon paying full value to those who are owners
and corporators. If the Saranac, or any other war
steamer, has been injudiciously built, it is no reason
that the evil should be repeated. " Malm urns
abolendus est"—a known mistake ought not to be
a precedent for another of the same kind. If the
Government has need of steamers for purposes of
defence, let us build them, and have them ours,
and under our own control.
But, sir, there is another and a most grave ob-
jection to this whole project. It is making this
Governmenta party to the acts and enterprises, the
risks and speculations of private corporators. It
is bringing the power of the Treasury and the
influence of any Administration which may hap-
pen to be in power, to mingle in the commercial
concerns of the country—to become competitors
with private individuals for freight, postages, and
passengers—to throw the might of the capital of
the Treasury of this great Government into the
scale in favor of one set of persons and against
another. It is but another ramification of those
causes so prolific in producing effects which are to
centralize all power here; to create and keep in
existence classes of persons who look to the Gov-
ernment not only for support, but for wealth; to
strengthen and increase thatcentripetal force which
is daily drawing all the poweis of the States, as
| well as the energies of the people, to the vortex of
| this great political whirlpool. Government, sir, is
j an evil in itself, arid those people are happiest and
l freest who have the least amount of it that is ne-
j cessary to give security to property and to life,
i Whatever increases its power or complicates the
machinery is a great evil,—great, because cumula-
tive; great, because it ever acquires, either by
fraud or force, and never surrenders, except to the
strong impulse of fear, or the stronger arm of
revolution. It is because all enterprises which
make this Government a partner with individuals,
does an amount of injustice to those engaged in
like adventures and who are unconnected with the
central power,exactly equal to the advantage which
that connection gives. It is an interference with
the business of the citizen—a usurpation of those
means of acquiring wealth open, in all good gov-
ernments, to the energy and enterprise of indi-
viduals. It would be just as wise, just as proper,
for U3 to manufacture coruag*, dig coal, make
cotton and weave cloth in partnership with cor-
porations, as to own ships or divide profits with
them. It is no answer that interest will be pud
upon the Government bonds which are advanced
to the scheme. . We are, unfortunately, money-
borrowers, and not money-lenders. We are in
the market to negotiate for, not to make loans or
advances.
The Republican party repudiated all connection
with the bank, because of the impropriety of its
identification with a corporauon. How can we,
consistently with that faith, unite with a corpora-
tion of ship-builders or ship-owners? It does not
relieve the subject of difficulty, that we should
prepare a steam navy with reference to the navy
of Great Britain or any other maritime power. I
have always been of opinion that either a large
standing army or a great and powerful navy is not
desirable under our form of government. I have
been recently admonished that the Executive is suf-
ficiently strong for the people or the people's rep-
resentatives, without any additional military or
naval aid. We have weathered seventy years,
from the childhood of our Confederacy till this
day, when we rank amongst the great Powers of
the world, without even the usual amount of
troubles and disasters which befall nations in such
a lapse of time. Whilst I would cherish the navy
and the gallant band which mans it, I deem it
unwiseand impolitic to make it unduly strong. It
has been equal to any demand that has ever been
made upon it, and will continue to be so. Besides,
sir, should a war unhappily be forced upon us, the
steamers would have to come into port for safety,
and could be as readily and" as cheaply purchased
from the owners, or taken by the Government.at
valuation.
It is no answer to this, Mr. Chairman, to say
that those vessels would not be built without 4he •
aid of the Government-. They will be built if the
investment is either demanded by the necessities
of commerce or promises a good return for the in-
vestment of capital. The Mississippi, with its
thousand steamers, has neither asked nor received
aid from the Treasury of the United States. Those
splendid boats, which astonish by the frequency
with which they pass on the bosom of that
mighty river, are all the fruits of individual enter-
prise. Our lakes are dotted over with them, and
our bays and rivers bear them on all their bosoms,
and private capital and individual industry called
them all into being and gives them their value.
The ships whose masts look like a forest m your
ports—whose canvaa whitens every sea—which
pour a stream of wealth into the laps of our coun-
trymen—bearing the products of thrs wide domain
to every port and every clime—they are all the
fruits of individual energy, sustained by individ-
ual capital, free and independent as the wind which
wafts them over the waves, asking and receiving
nothing of the Government but protection from
wrong and the enjoyment of right Why, then,
is it necessary for the Government to become a
partner to that service when you come to the
ocean? The mails are carried by contract on
steamers on all the other channels of intercourse,
and why not there? What claims have ocean
steamers on the Government which are not equally
valid in reference to those of the rivers, the bays,
and the lakes? Sir, this policy increases the ex-
penditures, it complicates the interests, and ex-
tends the patronage of the Government. U does
more, much more, and much worse—it induces
individuals, who ought to rely upon themselves, to
quarter upon the Government; it gives classes of
citizens advantages which are denied to others; it
shares risks with one set of competitors when that
boon is denied to others; it builds up a favored
class; it gives additional power to capital over la-
bor—makes the rich richer, and the poor poorer;
destroys individual competition, and, finally,
places ail power in irresponsible hands, which
ends in abuse and wrong to the masses.
But, sir, there is a graver and more substantial
objection to this amendment. I refer to the ob-;
ject which it has in view in the establishment of
this hneof African steamers. The specious prop-
osition is to afford facilities for the transfer of the
free negro population to Liberia. The measure, at 1
first sight, would seem to be decidedly desirable.
None of us are unacquainted with the peculiar char-
acter of that population. None of us can hesitate
to admit that their removal would be a blessing to
the white race here. Unconnected by the relation
of domestic slavery to the superior race—having
an unfortunate liberty, which, whilst it frees them
from salutary control, subjects them to ail the ca-
lamities of poverty and want—separated from
those kindly sympathies w&ich attach to inferiors
in a state of domestic slavery—they have all the
evils incident to those who, whilst bearing a
portion of the burdens, have no influence in the
administration of the Government. They consti-
tute a political anomaly, and present a political
problem of no easy solution I should rejoice at
their removal, unless in doing &o I inflicted a
greater wrong than that which I intended to re-
move. 1 presume that none of us would assert
the doctrine that this Government has a right to
force them to emigate to Africa. Such an exercise
of power would be an unmixed act of tyranny and
oppression, and would most justly render us odi-
ous to the world. This Government could notprop-
erly or constitutionally create*or employ agents to
persuade them to consent to emigrate. Force is out
of the question. How, then, sir, would the scheme
be effected ? There are regular packets to Liberia
now, and occasional ships for the transportation of
alt such persons as may desire to emigrate. The ap-
peals from the Colonization Society are made to the
public, not for ships but for passage money to pay
the expenses of emigrants ready to go—ships
waiting to carry them, but the passage money
wanting. The difficulty is not the want of means
of conveyance, but of the money to indemnify the
ship-owner who conveys them. Sir, if the object
was suitable and germane to oar duties and our
