TT4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
* Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The' objection
$iou!d hare been made at the time the amendment
•Was propofifii!.
Mr. DOUGLAS, [ wish to call the attention of
the Chair to the feet that no vote has yet been
taken upon the motion to refer the resolutions sub-
mitted by the Senator from Kentucky. Nor has
Sny vote been taken upon referring those intro-
fMeeel by the Senator from Tennessee. And when
I proposed to discuss these resolutions yesterday,
the Chair decided that,a3 we were on amendments,
We could not discuss the original resolutions. And
<8 we could not discuss these, the votes that were
taken were not upon the original resolutions, but
apon amendments wHich were offered. Now, for
the first time, according to the decision of the Chair,
#e have got at the original resolutions; for tihe first
time, according to the decision of the Chair, they
flW open for discussion. And certainly, if they
were not open for discussion, they were not open
fSr beihg voted upon. I ask the Chair to consider
•frhether this is not precisely the case, as I have
stated it.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 disagree with my colleague,
arid my friend from Mississippi, as to the import-
ance of these abolition petitions. 1 think they are
great humbugs at the best. I agree with the hon-
rable Senator from Kentucky that it will be proper
to send them to this committee. 1 want them to
go there; and, while up, i will give notice of a
petition which I have received from New York,
and which I shall present to-morrow, and ask
that it shall go along with these petitions to the
eommittee. I will read it.
"To the Honorable the Senate of the United Slates respect-
fully show elk'.
44That your petitioner, with all respect to your honorable
body, would mge the absolute necessity of estahli.-lnni? a
United States lunatic asylum for the immediate treatment
of some of the worthy Senators ami Representatives now in
Washington. Your petitioner lias viewed with extreme
pain the mad suicidal course pursued by ?omtv of the aboli-
tion member*, and would lespecttully entreat that they may
at once be placed in confinement, <-o that they mfjy not in-
jure themselves, then friends, or their country."
It then goes on to name one particular Senator,
and to suggest that" he may at once be seized, and
fee placed in the most secure place in Washington,
*nd that his head be shaved and blistered, and that
he be at once bled and placed on a water diet*"
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. As to the point of order, the prop-
osition is to refer these resolutions to a committee
of thirteen, and we have been acting upon the sub-
ject. It is like putting in a plea in abatement, aftei
putting in a plea on the merits of the cawe. We
can do it if first made; but, according to strict par-
liamentary usage, the first motion should have
been to take up the resolutions of my friend
from Tennessee and my own, and then to move to
refer them. But, inasmuch as the motion was
made to refer, and we have discussed the matter
and proposed amendments to the resolutions before
us, 1 think my friend from Illinois will concur
with me that, in this proceeding, it is rather too
late to raise a question of order.
I wish, however, while I am up, to make a sug-
gestion. This proposition is totally different from
those we have been voting upon to-day. Those
we have been voting on to-day were those of re-
striction. The proposition now is one of enlarge-
ment of the powers of the committee without re-
striction. And what is it? It is to refer ail those
questions to the committe, and to consider such
circumstances as a proper respect will lead them
to bestow upon them. I know that my friend
from Alabama and myself differ about the propri-
ety of the reference of these petitions, and I regret
it. I have always been disinclined to give a
chance to any portion of the country to reproach
Congress for the non-reception of petitions, and it
is precisely upon that same principle that I now
hope the opposition to the reference of these peti-
tions may be withdrawn.
^ Sir, I congratulate you, J congratulate the na-
tion, 1 congratulate mankind, upon the prospect
that now opens for a final and amicable settlement
of this question. I believe such a settlement will
be made after the occurrences in this body this
week, and after what we know of the patriotic
disposition of the majority in the other House.
Now, sir, when these questions are settled, I want
1K> man to have it in his power to go home and
make just such speeches as the Senator before me
[Mr. Hale] has made in the Senate. I want no-
man to go hoffte&nd* endeavor to excite the people
by using su(jh language as this:
" Your petitions were treated with the utmost indignity.
They were laid on the table, unread, unconsidered, and
when I proposed t« refer them to the committer: to vvhjeh all
the subject-matters of the~petitions were referred, and with
which, therefore, they had a necessary connection, even
that was opposed."
i am no great hand at making a slump speech,
but I think I could fake up that theme in such a
way as to exasperate and excite the populace. I
hope these petitions v?ill be taken up and referred
to the committee. I do not think there is any
fear that they will- recommend any mischievous
plan. Whereas I do fear that the non-reference
of these petitions would tarnish the prospect of a
genera) amity^ with satisfaction to the whole
country. 1 am, therefore, in favor of the refer-
ence of these petitions to the committee.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I would prefer
always to defer to the experience and judgment of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, but on this
occasion I am constrained to say that 1 differ with
him altogether. Sir, why have not these petitions
been already referred to other committees—to the
standing committees of this body? Why have
not those praying for the abolition of slavery in
this District been referred to the Committee for
the District? "Why have not those praying the
abolition of slavery in the forts and arsenals been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs? It
has been because the Senate will not consider
petitions of that description; because they will not
consider the subjects embraced m those petitions.
They have been received and laid upon the table
by tbe assent of the Senate. Now it is proposed
to give them the dignity of a reference to a special
committee.
Sir, it would be utterly idle, utterly in vain, if 1
know anything of the matter, and of those who
send petitions of this sort here, to suppose thai
you can appease them by concessions of this kind.
I know a little of the humanity, I will not say of
the perverse humanity, of the Senator who makes
this motion. And if the Senator from Kentucky
supposes that he can induce him to lefrain from
exciting and disturbing his constituents upon tbi>
question, dispose of these petitions as you may,
he is mistaken. As has been said before on this
floor, you might as well expect him to put from
himself the aliment upon which, politically, he
feed!. I trust the petitions will not be taken up
and have this reference. 1 trust they will not be
dignified in the way proposed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. J desire to make a suggestion
to the Chair. I rose to a point of order. 1 will
state that I agree fully with the Senator from Ken-
tucky that the motion to refer his resolutions would
be equivalent to a motion to take them up ft om the
table. On that point we agree. Then the motion
of the gentleman from Mississippi to refer those
resolutions was a motion to take them up. But
the vote on the question of reference has not yet
been taken. If the Chair will give attention to
that point, 1 will state it distinctly, f agree with
the Senator from Kentucky that the motion to
refer his resolutions was equivalent to a motion to
take them up from the table; but as there has been
no vote on the motion to refer, it is in precisely
the same position as if the motion to take up from
the table had been made and had not been voted
upon. His argument shows that these resolutions
have not been taken up and are not before us, and
it was upon that ground yesterday that I was ruled*
I out of order, and could not make a speech on his
j resolutions. I therefore submit to the Chair, that ;
j as these resolutions have not been taken up, they j
j are not before the Senate. And that is precisely
i the position of the petitions alluded to by the Sen- I
| ator from New Hampshiie. I certainly have no
; desire that these petitions should be referred to i
j the committee. 1 am not in favor of this refer- j
! ence; but really I do wish to see a uniform de-
| cision, as I know the Chair does, and the Senate !
does, upon points of order growing out of this
J question.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will de- !
j cide the point of order raised by the Senator from '
j Illinois by reference to the rule. I
j The Chair begs leave to remind the Senate that 1
j the proposition to refer is a collateral proposition, !
i and if it was competent to move the previous ques- 1
j tion, that proposition would be cut off by that
■ previous question. Therefore everybody must !
see that in this caste it is a, motion on a resolution,
antfit is in a parliamentary view, having; two sets
of resolutions or bills under consideration at the
same time, which is not according to rule. When
any subject is under consideration, a motion may
be made to refer it to a committee; but that com-
mitment does not extend to anything which is not
under consideration.
The Chair will read the rule:
" When a question is under debate no motion shall be re-
ceived but to adjourn, to lie on tbe table, fo postpone indefi-
nite'}', to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to amend;
and tb# ?e several motions shall have priority a#tl>ey are here
named."
Therefore, the Chair is of the opinion that if the
point had been made at the time when the motion
was made to refer these several distinct sets of
resolutions, that they were not under consideration
and could not both be at the same time, it would
have been well grounded, and the Senate would
have been compelled to refer each set by itself, as
it does each bill by itself.
The motion now made is to refer the petitions
now lying on the table. They are, of course, cot
under consideration; and if they were under con-
sideration, the question might arise on each peti-
tion, and the Senate could not act on several peti-
tions at the same time, any more than they could
act upon several bills at the same time.
The Chair, therefore, is of opinion that the col-
lateral motion to refer these petitions is out of
order.
As to the point made with reference to the reso-
lutionof the Senator from Mississippi, the Chair
would give the same opinion, but that that motion,
by universal consent, has been made, debated, and
amended; and it is, therefore, too late to raise the
point of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the Chair whether
this subject has not been debated by the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, by universal consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been no
appeal from the decision of the Chair as to the
point. The question is upon the adoption of the
original resolution as amended, and upon that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken, it lesulted as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bnght,
Butler. Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Dodge of Iowa, Dowrr*, Foote, Ilunter, Jones, Kmc,
Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearee, Rusk, Sebastian, Sould,
^piiMiice, Sturgeon, Turnev, Underwood, Wimcoinb. and
Yule<—30.
NWS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Chase,
CI uke, Corvvm, Davis of MissaehUMms, Dajton, Dixbe,
of Wisconsin, pouulas, Feleh, Greene, H,dc, fJ mlm, Mil-'
ler, Noru«, Phelps, Seward, Shields, Smith, Walker, and
Webster—22.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that the balloting now
take place.
The motion *vas agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will please
to prepare their votes for the committee of thirteen,
IVir. MANGUM. Will not the chairman of the
committee be first elected ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no order
of the Senate to that effect.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the chairman be
; first elected by separate ballot.
I The quest ion being putflhe motion wasagreed to.
[ Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am not at all
; prepared for the balloting fur this committee. I
think it requires some reflection at least before the
Senate takes any further action on the suhject. I
will move, therefore, that the balloting be post-
poned until to-morrow at one o'clock, and that the
Senate adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to post-
pone balloting for the committee until one o'clock
to-morrow, it was, upon a division, agreed to:
Ayes 30, noes not counted.
Mr. HALE. Is there any business now before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
Mr. HALE. I have a motion which I wish to
submit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire will be read.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator not allow my
motion o be read ?
Mr. CLAY. Oh ! I have no objection.
The motion was read; but, unfortunately, the
reporter failed to supply a copy of it.
Mr. MASON. I renew the motion that the
Senate adjourn.
