THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Sept 19,
powers, we are in advance of the demand. We
would be preparing for emigrants before we have
ascertained that any considerable number desire
to emigrate.
And here, ,Mr. Chairman, I would give expres-
sion of my apprehension as to the final result of
the Colonization enterprise. It has always had
my sympathy and my approbation. For many
years I was a member. Circumstances, which it
is needless for me to detail, rendered it proper for
me to withdraw from the society, but I am now,as
ever, its friend. 1 regard it with peculiar favor as
'a missionary enterprise—the payment of one in-
stalment of a debt which civilization as well as
Christianity claims of us as due to Africa. Most
cheerfully will I aid in making the payment, and
in aiding any willing emigrant to remove to the
young republic of Liberia. It has been an inter-
esting, and, so far, quite a successful experiment at
colonization. Its continual prosperity as well as
its final success would greatly delight me; but I
know of nothing which would more certainly over-
whelm and destroy it than the sudden transfer of
the free black population of the United States to
that Republic. Those who are there now, and
controlling the government of Liberia, are the best,
the most enterprising and brightest specimens of
the African race from this country. The history
of colonization has been the same in al! ages, and
amongst all people. Men of high courage, strong
will, and fixed purpose, lead the van in emigration.
It takes all of these qualities to contend success-
fully with the perils of a first settlement in a
hostile country. Such men succeed, whilst tamer
and weaker spirits remain at home. Those
who now rule in Liberia were Africans whose
ancestors and themselves had experienced the
ameliorating influence of civilization for more
than a century and a half. None who have ob-
served minutely, can be unmindful of the fact, that
the improvement is most manifest in successive
generations in the wild and untamed African, such
as was originally sold on our shores. Intelligent,
deserving, and enterprising men of that cast have
gone forward, and after the tutilage of a succession
of white governors who have made them ac-
auainted with the machinery of government, have
manifested many of the qualifications which ren-
der men capable of self-control. The governor
is an intellectual man, who shows more of the
Caucassian than the Afncon race. Brought up
from his youth under the influence of good associ-
ations, and daily observing the manners, as well
as hearing the conversations of polished and intel-
lectual persons, he fills his piesent station with
dignity and credit. But the absorption of the ad-
joining and savage population of the colony, the
subjugation or voluntary annexation of native
tribes, brings so much of wild and incongru-
ous material into the organization, that we are
compelled to fear that a course which would over-
throw a government conducted by wiser and more
experienced statesmen, will overthrow and destroy
that republic. If to that you add the sort of
population such as it is proposed to take from the
united States know^i as the free blacks, with all
their ignorance and all their vices, anarchy and
ruin must be the result. None of us aie insensi-
ble of the deleterious influence which would be
felt on our fixed and established institutions? by
emigrants from countries who are not assimilated !
to our customs, or acquainted with our laws, if
they were at once permitted to exercise the rights i
of citizens. None of us are ignorant of the evil j
now generally acknowledged to exist from that i
cause even under all our safeguards. Ifourstron  1
and well-established institutions suffer much from !
such a cause, how certain must be the overthrow j
oiall the hopes of the friends of the colonization
scheme, if the free black population of America
were at once, or in jiny short time, emptied on the
shores of Africa.
Why, sir, is the removal of the free blacks de-
sirable to the people of the United States? It is be-
cause, from their indolence, ignorance, and vices,
they arcjuetly considered a nuisance; itisbecause
they present the most numerous cases in our calen-
darof crimes; because, incapable of exercising the
rights of freemen here, they are a burden upon our
people. If, then, with our well-organized police,
with the power of the goverment to sustain it, we
are unable to govern them, what would be their
influence upon the young and feeble government
of Liberia? True philanthropy demands, that if
we interfere at all, we should better the condition
of that class of persons, and aid in sustaining the
institutions of Liberia. Should the emigrants be
worsted or injured by the change, it would be
cruelty to enforce it. The colony cannot receive
them much more rapidly than they do, for the
means of supporting them during acclimation are
insufficient.
But, sir, howeverthismay be—even though I may
be mistaken in my apprehensions, (and I would
be glad to even doubt on the subject,) there is in
this subject an insuperable objection to the con-
nection of this Government with the proposed line
of mail-steamers to Africa. You have not now
to learn, Mr. Chairman, that we live in an age of
extreme and most diffusive philanthropy. Men
feel the deepest repentance for the sins of others.
Their hearts are rent with sympathy for the suffer-
ing of remote individuals who are not much moved
by the calamities of -those around them. Their
eyes fill with tears for the wrongs ©f the black man
in the slaveholding States, whilst they turn a
j deaf ear to "the importunities of the pauper white
I man who asks for a sixpence.
I Sir, I never saw a native American beggar south
of this city in a life of half a century. " I never
spent a week here, or north of this, without seeing
one and usually many. In this day of diffusive
benevolence and philanthropy, this enterprise of
removing the free blacks to Africa would give a
great impulse to the most provoking evil which the
South now endures. Those who feel called upon
to seduce slaves from their masters would have an
additional facility to take them to Africa and force
them out of the reach of those entitled to their
service. In a few years it would become one of
the most expensive as well as annoying branches
of their service. The transportation of free blacks
would become a Government enterprise, and I
anticipate that money would be voted from the
Treasury to defray the expenses of their passage.
And what would be the result? You would send
away ship loads of natives to a foreign shore, and
in return bring foreigners from Europe to our own.
The Government would be engaged in this transfer
of population atgreat expense and of at least doubt-
ful advantage. Again, sir, this line of steamers
could do but little in this great work, even suppos-
ing that the free blacks were able to pay the ex-
pense of emigration, willing to go, and the repub-
lic of Liberia willing to receive them. It would
be as reasonable to expect to empty the ocean with
a teaspoon as to effect this great object with a sin-
gle line of steamers, to which this Government is
expected to contribute annually $480,000. Those
able to pay their passage, the most industrious,
and the best, might go; none others could, for the
steamer is not expected to work gratuitously. The
most idle and vicious would remain here, and the
amount of evil would be greatly aggravated, so far
as the United States are concerned. Should the
whole free black population consent to emigrate,
this Government could not refuse to join many
other lines of steamers for the same purpose, and
we should degenerate into an organization for the
purpose of exchanging the different races of man-
kind from one portion of the earth to another.
Mr. Chairman, neither colonization nor com-
merce ever succeeded by this system of hot-house
culture. Supply and demand—the desire of gain,
snd energy in industrial pursuits, protected by the
laws, are the elements of prosperity—and nothing
else is or should-be. Admit the propriety of such
a connection with the interests of corporations ana
individuals, and you will make this Government
a jobber, in every species of industrial pursuits,
from the manufacture and sale of revolvers
to the construction of ships. If the Government
may properly select classes for emigration, they
may also regulate our domestic relations, and in a
few years we shall know no authority but that
which exists in the General Government, and feel
the effects of an accumulated debt and the op-
pression of unmitigated taxation. If colonization
js a legitimate enterprise, we shall have enough
to do: the field is the world, and high modern
philanthropy will furnish enterprises sufficiently
numerous and important to attract our attention,
and employ our energies. The partners and
dependents on the Government and the Treasury
will constitute a grained band, who can subsidize
the press, manufacture public opinion, control
elections, and govern the people. To such a con-
summation things are rapidly hastening, and the
sovereignty of the States, in the process of absorp-
tion by the great principles of nationality, and all
party names Snd party organizations,are tending to
the same result. Fot' one, I shall adhere to the
policy which limits our Government to the ob-
jects for which it was created, and which alone
are worthy of the respect and veneration of freemen.
There is yet another objection to this complica-
tion of the interests of this Government with the
speculations of individuals. At every step you
increase the influence, the pressure from without,
to affect the legislation of the co.untry. You create
local and sectional interests—you enlist capital and
create power, which, by combination and con-
cert, must finally secure the control of all the pat-
ronage which is concentrated here. None of us
can be insensible of the effects of such combinations,
even upon this House. Measures for the distribu-
tion of the favors, the money and the lands of this
Government, which would fail on the separate
merits of each, are triumphant when sustained by
a union with those having a similar object in view.
I have, within a few days, seen an application for
lands to make a railroad referred to a committee,
and receive its quietus, when it was avowed by the
friends of that system of improvement to be a test
question, as to all similar applications; and on the
succeeding day a combination of such measures
received the sanction of this House. The short
Alabama railroad failed, but when one hand was
extended from the lakes, it was met by another
stretched out from the Gulf of Mexico. They
grasped,and under their resistless pressure millions
of acres of the public domain passed from us to
corporations and speculators. I have looked with
sorrow and with shame at the effects of such a sys-
tem, and am unwilling to aid in creating another
set of claimants, who can plead that they are our
partners in aid of future combinations to seize
upon the resources of the country, the labor of
the people. Those whose interests I represent
have never asked or received any of the public
moneys, except that which is expended in mail
facilities. My constituents make their living and
accumulate their wealth from small and inconsid-
erable incomes. Their labor and economy is
their only resource, a resource which they proudly
claim as the only legitimate fountain of independ-
ence and virtuous feelings. They know that their
sixpences will-have to be collected to make the
fortunes of the favorites of the Government, and
they will not sanction such a transferof their money
to those who, like the lilies of the valley, neither
toil nor spin, but who enjoy the wealth, the lux-
ury, and the ease of Solomon in all his glory.
Mr. V. having concluded—
The SPEAKER resumed the chair_ informally
to receive reports by Mr. Ashe, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. PHELPS addressed the committee for
nearly an hour in opposition to the system of
transporting the mails by ocean steamers, and in
favor of reductions in the appropriations for the
naval service. He advocated the employment of
our navy officers on the cost survey, and stated
it to be his intention to oppose all propositions for
the employment of new steamera in the transport-
ation of the mail. [His speech will appear in
the Appendix ] Mr. P. having concluded—
Mr. MCMULLEN moved that the committee
rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved areconsider-
ration of the vote by which the motion heretofore
made by him in relation to the Delegate from this
Territory had been laid on the table.
The motion was entered on the Journal.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution; which was adopted;
" ileso/uerf, That the Secretary of the Trp.i-Miry he re-
quested to communicate to this House as soon as practicable,
any infounalion in possession of the Treasury Deparfment
relative to the liquidation and payment of damages to
Charles F. Sibbaid, on his claim against the Government
for damages, and to furnish this House a copy of the report
made by James M. MeCullough, Esq , late First Comptroller
of the Treasury, touching said e)aim."
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, presented a communication from the Top-
ographical Bureau to the Committee on Com-
merce; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
