?76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
One word on the general merits of the bill.
There are a few facts here which cannot be con-
troverted. One is, that the Government received
the tea. Another is, that it received it from Nicoll
& Co. And another is, that the naval storekeeper,
in acknowledging its receipt on the 9th of June,
1846, states that he received the bill from Nicoll
& Co., and he promised that he would, so soon as
the tea should have arrived and passed inspection,
forward to them a bill,as requested, for payment of
the article. This letter of the naval storekeeper
supplies the hiatus in the testimony which caused
the minds of some gentlemen to labor as to the
justice of the clqim. That difficulty will be re-
moved, I trust, by inviting the attention of gentle-
men to this letter. The naval storekeeper ac-
knowledges the receipt of the bill from Nicoll <fc
Co., and says that he will. forward the bills for
payment so soon as the article had arrived and
passed inspection 
The hammer fell.
Mr. CROWELL withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SACKETT moved a pro forma amendment,
with the view (he said) of offering some remarks.
Mr. RUMSEY raised the point of order, that
it was not in order for a gentleman to offer an
amendment with the avowed purpose of discussing
the merits of the bill—as the rule allowed five
minutes for explanation of the amendments.
The CHAIRMAN said the point of order was
in accordance with the spirit of the rule, but the
practice of the committee being otherwise, he did
not feel at liberty to arrest the gentleman's re-
marks.
"■ Mr. SACKETT proceeded during the allotted
five minutes, by reference to the terms of the pe-
tition, to show that the memorialists, according to
their own acknowledgment, furnishted the tea
in fulfillment of the contract wiih Mason, and
to argue thence that they were justly subject to
all the consequences of the default of the con-
tractor relative to the delivery of the sugar 
His remarks were arrested by the fall of the
Chairman's hammer.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the bill
be reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN stated that that question
was already pending, (on the motion of Mr.
Thomas.)
Mr. DUNHAM moved a pro forma amendment,
with the view (he said) to take some noti-e of the
position taken by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Cleveland,] and set forth in the letter of
Welles.
The CHAIRMAN now derided that discussion
was not in order, unless it was confined to the
amendments offered.
Mr. Dunham accordingly resumed his scat.
Mr. NELSON moved to amend the motion of
Mr. Thomis to rise and report, by striking out
the word " not," so as to provide that the bill be ■
reported, with the recommendation that it do nass.
The CHAIRMAN stated that, in his opinion,
the motion to report, with a recommendation that
the bill do pass, was first in order, and accord-
ingly propounded the question on this motion.
Tellers were asked and ordered; and, bein# ap-
pointed, (Messrs. Strong and Ogle,) reported—
ayes 69, noes 47.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it be passed.
BROWN AND TARBOX.
The bill for the relief of Brown and Tarbox
was next taken up.
The bill was read. It appropriates $804 84 to
be paid to Brown and Tarbox, for temporary mail
service, on route No. 6.149, in the State of Texaa, j
from the 1st of July to the 23d of October, 1847. i
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading of the
report; which was read.
It appears from the report made by 3tlr. Stan-
ton, of Kentucky, from the Committee on the !
Post Office and Post Roads, that a contract was j
entered into with the Post Office Department in i
the year 1847, by a Mr. Charles Morrow, for the !
transportation of the mail between Austin and La
Grange, in Texas—the service to commence on '
the 1st of July, 1847. The contract not being1 ful- !
filled by said Morrow, and no arrangements to this i
end having been made by him, the postmaster at
Austin, Samuel G. Haynie, " with a view of nre-
venting the serious interruption of mail facilities
which must have ensued, and in accordance with .] another month's pay, and the bill was reported for
the usage in like circumstances, employed the J; its payment, on the ground that the Postmaster
* memorialists to carry the mail over said route,
4 and advised the postmaster at the other end of
{the route of the arrangement." The memorial-
ists regularly transported the mails over the route,
without failure, from the first of July to the 22d
of October, 1847, for which they claim the com-
pensation proposed by the bill to be paid—it being
at the rate agreed upon by the memorialists and
the postmaster at Austin, and the rate prescribed
in the'contract with Morrow. The department
declined to compensate the memorialists, on the
ground that the contractor, Morrow, had been
allowed and paid for this service for the same pe-
riod—this payment having been made upon a cer-
tificate of performance by said Morrow, given by
the postmaster at La Grange. That this certfi-
cate was erroneous, as, also, that the service was
faithfully performed by the memorialists, the
committee state they have ample evidence; and
they argue that, " the Government having had
4 the benefit of the service thus rendered by the
'memorialists, cannot, in good faith, withhold
1 from them a reasonable compensation. The
1 payment of the amount to another clearly not
* entitled to it, and under an erroneous report o.
* one of its own officers,' does not discharge the
1 Government from its liability to the memorial-
(ists." They therefore report the bill.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,
no objection being made, the bill was laid aside, to
be reported to the House.
[The committee here rose informally, and Mr.
Wildrick reported from the Committee on En
grossed Bills certain engrossed bills; which re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker pio km. The
committee then resumed its session.]
GRAHAM AND FINNALL.
The committee next proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill for the relief of James S/Gra-
ham and Waller H. Finnall. This bill authorizes
and directs the Postmaster General to pay to the
parties before named $3,083 33, "it being fori
damage sustained by the said Graham & Finnall
by leaving their contract for currying the mail
from Washington, in the District of Columbia, to
Richmond, Virginia, before the expiration of the
contract."
The reading of the report (which was made
by Mr. Hebard, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads,) was called for, and it was
read, as follows: |
That, during: the summer of 1847, the Virginia railroad I
companies had been carrying file mails hom Washington, !
D. O.. to Richmond; but, pieviotin f<> Do<-ember of that !
year, the i ail road companion refund lonser to carry the !
mail*, as the Pos-Una^ter General did notuvl himself author- j
izi'd by law to pay the price duniaml"d. And thereupon }
the Postmaster Geueial contract-d with the Chesapeake j
ba\ and James river boat line to carrv the large mail, and j
contiactei with the said Graham fit Finnall to carry the 1
mail for the local supply between Wa&hinaton and Richmond j
as afotesaid. Theircontraet commenced on the 10th of De- j
cember, 1847, and wa-« to end June 30, 1S51. The contract, {
however, was made in the usual form, stipulating that the
Posftmaner Geueial might curtail or discontinue the service—
he allowing one month's eMra pay ori the amountdispensed
wnh.
The contract with the boat line was at the same time, by
the terms of it. made1
On the 4th December, 184<?, the Postmaster was enabled
to make a contract wilii therailioad for carrvin? these math?,
and he accordingly, thereupon, annulled the contract wnh
Graham Si Finnall, and discontinued their service ; and in
las settlement with them, allowed one month's extra pay,
agreeably to the term*, ot the contract; and he also settled
with the boat hue m >ueh a manner as was suppo-ed by
the patties to be just and equitable. It aUo appears that
the said Graham & Finnall weie under the necessity of
making very hasty and disadvantageous arrangements and
preparation, on account of the shortm of the time.
Your committee further report that, by a recurrence to
General had expressed himself in favor of it, as a
matter of equity, independent of the contract.
He opposed payment on this ground, and argued
that the Government should have the advantages of
contracts which were in its favor, as it was obliged
so frequently to suffer the consequences of disad-
vantageous contracts which were certain to be
strictly enforced upon it. He considered the pay-
ment proposed by way of gratuity or courtesy
would constitute a bad precedent, not likely to be
got rid of.
Mr. HOLLIDAY advocated the bill. He ob-
served that the argument of Mr. Ewing against
the bill, for the reason that the claim was based
upon principles of equity, and not of strict legal
obligation, would reject all private bills which
came before the House—none of the claims upon
which they were based being strictly legal, since
if they were, there would be no necessity for their
being brought before Congress. It would be per-
ceived from the report in this case that in conse-
quence of the exorbitant demands made by the
railroad company for the transportation of the
mails between Richmond and Washington city,
the Postmaster General had taken the mails from
the railroad company, and entered into a contract
with the memorialists for the transportation of the
local mail between thesstwo cities; the memorial-
ists, in an inconceivably short space of time, and
at obviously very great sacrifices, had, jn mid-win-
ter, stocked, the route with horses, carriages and
drivers, and all things necessary for the fulfillment
! of their contract which they expected would con-
tinue for three years, But, without any default on
their part, but simply because the railroad company
reduced the rates for which they would peform the
service at a less rate of compensation, the contract
was taken from these contractors in less than one
year, leaving their stock a dead property upon
their hands, or at best to be disposed of at a great
sacrifice, it was true that the contract provided
that it might be terminated at any time, by the
Government forfeiting one month's extra pay; but
the Postmaster General and the contractors ex-
pected, upon entering into it, that it would continue
for three years. Under these circumstances, the
contractors being compelled to submit to very
great sacrifices, the then Postmaster General—as
vigilant an officer as he was in regard to the inter-
ests of the Treasury—had certified that the claim
was a proper one, and that had he been authorized
by jaw he would have directed its payment. Fie
wished the Clerk to lead the letter of Cave John-
son, then Postmaster General, on the subject.
It was read, as follows:
" I have carefully examined this account of Messrs. Fhi-
1 nail & Graham. ' e contract having been made in the
usual loim, and but one month's paj entered m the con-
tract as a forfeiture for a discontinuance of the service, I
I am not ot opinion that the law would justify the Po-tmaster
I Geneial in making any additional payment, whatever of
! equity there might be in the circumstances' attending it.
| The contract was made at a tmj-e when the raihoad threw
j off the mails because they were refund the sum demanded
! by them beyond what the law authorized to be paid. There
i was but Iittie tune for preparation, the service to commence
j mDeeemhei, and under circumstances which might well
j have induced them to believe tlyu they would enjoy" the full
' time contacted lor. A contract had been made with the
Bay boats, which was to last the same tune, and was made
irrevocable; „nd whilst that service continued, the coach line
would have been necessary. After having made such ex-
tensive preparations, under such piessing circumstances, to
have their conn act discontinued b fore the close of the first
year, with all their >tock of coaches on hand, w ould neces-
sanlv have produced considerable lo<s. Under =ueh a press
of circumstances, it has been usual for the department to
stipulate for the payment of two months' extra pay, instead
of one, and had the subject been bionsht up when the con-
tract was'executed, I have no doubt it would have been
allowed; and had 1 now the power I --houid not hesitate to
the books of the department, the haid Graham & Finnall Pa-V l*iein an additional month's- extra pay, owing to the
claimed of the Po«tma>ter Geueial an allowance of damage : •••- "•     - • 1
bejotid one months extra pay, but that the Pu^lmas-ter dis-
allowed and refused their claim, on the gr und that he had
no power to make such allowance.; but expressed an opin-
ion that they weie entitled, under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, to a further allowance, and that, if he
had it in hi* power to do ?o, would allow t o in-tead oCone
month's extra pay, as such a stipulation in contract" of tin*
nature was usually made, and would have been so made if
the Mibject had been brought up when the contract was ex-
ecuted.
The committee ate, therefore, of the opinion that the
said memorialists are equitably < ntitied to relief, and recom-
mend the pa.-sase of the accompanying bill.
Mr. EWING
briefly opposed the bill. The j*
hard«liii> of the case as above dated.
March 2, Jb-iO. C. JOIIXSON.
The claim, then, (said Mr. H.,) was strictly equi-
table; and he hoped the committee would not hesi-
tate to pass it.
Mr. HEBARD said, the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, after a fuil investigation of
the case, had come to the conclusion that there was
just foundation for the claim; that it was one of
those cases in which individuals, upon the faith of
the functionaries of the Government, entered into
contracts expecting that they would be carried out,
but which contracts, from unforeseen circumstan-
Postmaster Genera! (he said) had allowed the h ces, were curtailed and the contractors subjected to
contractors one month s extra pay in accordance I i considerable losses. The Postmaster General
with the terms of the contract; but they claimed i| himself said, that no one at the time supposed
