1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 19,
is the sense of the Senate, no other question shall
be pat. The Chair feels that the principle is the
same; for to refuse to disagree is to concur.
Mr. ATCHISON, at a subsequent part of the
day, gave notice of a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate refused to disagree to the^
House amendment.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to take up Senate bill
No. 250, being the bill for the relief of Peter M.
Palliet; but the motion was lost.
FLORIDA RAILROAD.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
Senate bill No. 168, being the bill granting, on
certain conditions, alternate sections of public
lands along the route of a railroad from Pensa-
cola, in the State of Florida, to Montgomery, in
the State of Alabama, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORTON. This is a bill for the purpose
of granting the right of way through, the public
land in the States of Florida and Alabama to con-
struct a railroad from Pensacola, in Florida, to
Montgomery, in Alabama. I have prepared an
amendment as a substitute for the bill, so as to
make it conform in evei y respect to what is known
as the Illinois bill, which has passed both Houses
of' Congress, and to which, 1 presume, there can
be no objection.
The amendment was agreed to; and there being
no further proposition to amend the bill, it was re-
ported back to the Senate, the amendment was
concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
SLAVE PROPERTY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. PRATT. I now ask that the bill which
was laid on the table yesterday, entitled " A bill
to prevent the enticing or assisting of slaves to es-
cape from their owners in (he District of Columbia
and for other purposes," may be taken up and
the vote taken upon it. The Senator from New
Hampshire, who is entitled to the floor, has in-
timated his intention to discuss the question no
further, and I ask that it be taken up and disposed
of.
Mr. CASS. There are two or three other most
important bills that ought to be acted on. There
is the old soldiers' bill, for which so many hearts
are bleeding. I hope the Senator from Maryland
will let his bill lie over at least till that be dis-
posed of.
Mr. E WING. I hope so, too.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur most cheerfully in
what has fallen from the Senator from Michigan.
I hope the Senate will not take up the bill and lose
the day in the discussion of so unprofitable a ques-
tion.
Mr. CHASE. I concur, also in what has fallen
from the Senator from Michigan; and I wish
to say that if the.Senator from Maryland antici;
pates that this bill can pass without discussion, he
is mistaken. A bill which proposes to change the
policy of fifty years will not be suffered to pass
without debate.
Mr. TURNEY. I would ask the Senator from
Maryland to withdraw his motion, for the purpose
of enabling me to induce the Senate to take up a
bill for the relief of Robert Armstrong. It is a bill
that was reported to the Senate some years ago by
Mr. Crittenden, of Kentucky, and which passed
the Senate unanimously. I am sure it need not
take a moment to pass it now.
Mr. HALE. 1 hope we shall not go into the
private calendar now, when there are so many
public bills pendirtg that we ought to act upon.
Mr. PRATT. I cannot waive my motion, and
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
' Mr. DICKINSON. I design to votefor this bill,
but I cannot vote to take it up as against the civil
and diplomatic bill. I shall therefore vote against
it, because we must proceed with business, or we
shall find the last day of the session upon us with-
out anything being done.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall vote against taking up
any bill—1 care not what it is—until the old sol-
diers' bounty land bill is disposed of one way or
the other.
Mr. HALE. I ask if the orders of the day are
not now in order—the hour of twelve having ar-
rived ? „ „ ,
The PRESIDENT. Not whilst a motion is
pending.
Mr. TURNEY. I merely wish'to say, that
some time ago, when a,motion was made to post-
pone the old soldiers' bill, in order to take up the
slave trade bill, not a voice was raised in behalf of
the old soldier.
Mr. CHASE. For the purpose of preventing
further discussion, I move to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. PRATT. Can that be done after the yeas
and nays are ordered ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, certainly; a motion
to lay on the table is in order.
Mr. PRATT. Then I ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the mo-
tion to lay the proposition to take up the bill on
the table was rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Davia ol Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Ewmg, Felcti, Greene. Hale, Hamlin, Noirrs, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruanee, Sluigeon, Wales, Walker, Whit-
coml>, and Winthrop—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Buller, Clay, Davis ol Mississippi, Dawson, Diekiri-
s-on,Dn<tgeofIoua, Downs, Foote, Gwm, Houston, Hunter,
King. Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Kiibk, Sebas-
tian, Souie, Turney, Underwood, and Yulee—28.
The motion was then on taking up the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to state the reason why
I shall vote against taking up this bill. I am m
favor of its passage, but 1 fear if it be taken up
now, when gentlemen are fresh and anxious to
speak, it will lead to a discussion that will occupy
the entire day. There are important bills which
must be passed, and the consideration of which
will, I fear, thus be excluded. If the motion
should be made to take it up at three o'clock, then
it is not likely there will be so much discussion,
and 1 will agree to take it up.
Mr. PRATT. Move to postpone it until that
time.
Mr. RUSK. Well, I will make that motion.
The PRESIDENT. The bill must first be
taken up.
Mr. PRATT. Let the bill then be taken up,
and I will agree to the motion to postpone it.
A Senator, Oh, withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be done but by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 am in favor of this bill, but
at this period of the session 1 really think it ought
not to be taken up. We have arrived at a period
ill the session when by speaking on a bill it may
be defeated, although there may be a majority of
ten to one in favor of it. It is a state of things in
which we must acquiesce, and it must be evident
that it is now too late to pass the bill against the
strenuous opposition which it is apparent it is to
meet. There is much other impoitant business,
which under the most favorable auspices, there
will be great difficulty ill getting through. For
these reasons, although I am decidedly in favor of
the bill, I must vote against the motion to take it
up at this time.
Mr. CHASE. Yesterday I a3ked leave to in-
troduce a bill to prohibit slavery in the Territories.
1 considered it a bill of very great importance, but
knowing how great was the amount of business
pressing upon the attention of the Senate, and
knowing also how great a portion of our time has
been consumed in the discussion of subjects kin-
dred to this, I needed but an intimation of the
pleasure of the Senate to induce me to withdraw
that bill. At the same time 1 stated that if the
Senate should indicate a purpose to prolong dis-
cussion on subjects of this character I would deem
it my duty to renew the motion for leave. It is for
the decision of the Senate whether or not more
time shall be devoted at this session to the discus-
sion of slavery questions. Its judgment is now to
be pronounced. I shail acquiesce m the determin-
ation, whatever it may be. But I protest against
the introduction of a bran new bill by a single
member, and without reference to any committee,
without printing, without a single petition in its
favor from the people most inteiested in it, to con-
sume that time of the Senate which is regarded as
too precious to allow half an hour of it to be de-
voted to a subject, in my judgment, of infinitely
higher importance
Mr. DICKINSON. I rise to a question of
order. I insist that it is no more in order to dis-
cuss the taking up of a bill than it is the laying
down of one.
.Several Senators. Oh,you are mistaken.
Mr. DICKINSON. I insist that I am not, and
I wish the decision of the Chair on the question.
The PRESIDENT. -The Chair has no diffi-
culty or) the subject. It is clearly in order to as-
sign reasons why a bill should not be taken up,
but it is not in order to discuss the merits of the
bill.
■ Mr. BERRIEN. Within that limitation I beg
leave to submit a remark or two. If I understand
the-provisions of the bill, they are precisely those
which were incorporated in the bill on the subject
of the slave trade itvthe District. It is not, there-
fore, in the language of the Senator from Ohio, a
bran new bill. It is not a bill brought to the no-
tice of the Senate on the action of a single Senator.
It is a bill on the provisions of which the sense of
the Senate has been directly taken.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. BERRIEN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CHASE. If I understood the statement of
the Senator from Maryland yesterday, it was that
he had amended the bill so as to meet the views of
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator will permit, 1
-will state the facts. The bill, as now before the
Senate, is the amendments adopted by the Senate,
after full discussion, and after the matter was fully
understood, to the District slave trade bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. So I supposed. What I de-
sire to bring to the consideration of the Senate is
the fact, that upon the provisions of this bill the
sense of the Senate has been already distinctly ex-
pressed, and the only reason suggested for striking
these provisions out of the slave trade bill, was
the impropriety of connecting them with the bill,
coupled with a declaration of a readiness to pass a
se.parate bill whenever it should be proposed.
Now, if these declarations are not to be observed—
if we are not to be permitted to afford protection
to this species of property, when a proposition is
brought forward in the precise form which was
agreed to on a former, occasion, 1 for myself
desire Chat the country should know it.
Mr. BADGER. I desire merely to make this re-
mark. Genilemen who are so extremely anxious
to get on with the important public business before
the Senate, and who object to consuming time
with discussion on this bill, I suggest might just
as well con.iume time in discussing the bill itself,
a§ in discussing the question of taking it up.
Mr. CHASE. I mean to stand right in this
matter. When the District slave trade abolition
bill was under discussion, and the Senator from
Maryland moved the substance of the several prop-
ositions now before us as an amendment to that
bill, they were adopted in committee, and rejected
m the Senate. The action of the Senate then was
equally for and against the proposition. It has
been again presented, as it was before, by a Sena-
tor from Maryland. The Senator from Kentucky
yesterday made an objection to the third section 
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to discuss
the section.
Mr. CHASE. I do not mean to do so. The
Senator from Maryland, in answer to that objec-
tion, gtated that the section had been altered since
it was before the Senate as an amendment, so as
to give it a prospective character. What that al-
teration was I do not know, but 1 take this state-
ment, together with the other facts, to be conclu-
sive evidence that the bill is, as I said it was, the
woik of a single member.
The motion to postpone the intervening orders
of business, and to take up the bill, was then re-
jected, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bainwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Batter, Clay, Davis of" Mississippi. Dawson, Dod^e
of Town, Foote, Hunter, King, Mason,'Morton, Pearce,
Pratt, Souie, Turnev, and \ulee—20.
11 NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin. Benton, Bright, Cass, Chase,
] Clark, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, liickin-
u son, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Ewnig, Fek-h, Gieene,
' Hale, Hamlin, Hou-tou, NuriK, Busk, Seward, Shields,
I Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Wales, Walker, and Wtn-
'j tlirop—38.
'j CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS,
i I On the motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
:! proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
II appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
;! penses of the Government for the year ending the
j; thirtieth of June, 1851, and for other purposes,
j which had been reported from the Committee of
|| Finance with several amendments.
