1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
Sept. 19.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and a division being had, it was agreed to—ayes
23, noes 17.
The thirteenth amendment proposed to strike
out from the item "for compensation of clerks and
messengers in the office of the chief engineer, [in
the War Department,] $5,650," the words $650,
and insert, in lieu thereof, the,words:
"900, including compensation to the disbursing agent of
said office of $250, m addition to hi? salary as clerk ; Pro-
vided, said agent shall give bond, with approved surety, tor
the faithful disbursement of the funds intrusted to him."
Mr. DICKINSON. This^ amendment is to in-
crease the salary of the principal clerk in that
office $250. He is a disbursing agent, and dis-
burses large amounts of money. The department
recommends this addition to his present salary,
but requiting him to enter into bond with sureties
for the performance of his duties as disbursing
agent.
"The amendment was agreed to.
The fourteenth amendment proposes to strike
out the word " three" and insert " five,'1 in the
following item:-
" For compensation of the clerks and messengers in the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, [111 the Navy Depart-
ment,] $6,300, so as to increase the amount 10 $6,500."
Mr. DICKINSON. This amendment is to in-
crease the compensation of the assistant book-
keeper in this bureau $200. He is a competent
book-keeper; a man of maturity, and a man of
family, who keeps the books for $800 per annum.
He has applied to have his compensation increased,
and the committee, on examination, think it ought
to be increased.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifteenth amendment proposes to add at the
end of the clause last mentioned, the following:
" The annual compensation of the assistant book-keeper
being mcieased $200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixteenth amendment proposes to strike out
the following item:
" For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery, and of the assistant surgeon, ciciks, and
messenger in his office, $6,800."
And insert in lieu thereof the following items:
" For the annual salary of the chief of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery, $3,000.
" For arrears ot salary of the chief of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery, provided by the act of third March, 1849,
$500.
" Far compensation of the assistant surgeon, clerk*, and
messenger in the office of the chief of the Bureau ot Medi-
cine atfd Surge iv, $4,300."
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventeenth amendment of the committee
proposes to strike out the words between [brackets]
in the following item, which is classed under the
head of " contingencies of the Navy Department:"
"For compensation of superintendent and three watch-
men of the southwest executive building, $1,750 ; (the sal-
ary of the three watchmen being increased from $365 to
$500 each per annum, troin first July, 1850."]
Mr. DICKINSON. The committee desired to
bring this matter to the consideration of the Senate
because they themselves had doubts about it. The
watchmen m the War Department receive now
only §365. The clause which the committee pro-
pose to strike out, raises the salary of the watch-
men in the Navy Department to $500. The com-5
mittee did not undertake to pass on this matter so'
much positively as relatively. There is a great
inequality in tire salaries of the clerks, superin-
tendents, watchmen, and messengers in all these
departments. This abuse is a very great, if not a
growing one; and it is a grievance that calls not
onl)f for Executive, but for legislative action. The
committee think it better not to make this increase
of salary now. They suggest that the Senate had
betrer let this matter rest tor the present, as Con-
gress sits again in sixty days, when some teform
can be made, placing these men on equal grounds.
They see no reason why a difference should be
made between the watchmen in the Navy Depart-
ment, and in the other departments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The eighteenth amendment of the committee pro-
poses to insert, after the appropriation of $25,000
for incidental and contingent expenses of the mint
at Philadelphia, the following proviso:
" Provided', That the Sec retary ot the Tieasury be hereby
authorized 10 obtain for the United States the right to u^e
the unproved methods of refining argentneious gold bullion,
recently discovered and being patented to R. S, MeCulioh
and James C. Booth, or the right to use any other method of
accomplishing the same object which may hereafter be dis-
covered and patented, by allowing to the said patentees a
sum not exceeding one half ot the difference between the
cost of th« labor ami materials required in the process now
used at the United Slates mint to refine sach bullion, and
the co-st of the labor and materials necessary to be used in
the new process which may be adopted. But the depositor
fehall pay the compensation so agreed upon, if he elocts to
use the new method, or eNe have the right to resoit to the
present firo<£ess, unless the Secietary of the Treasury should
find it necessary hereafter to direct otherwise. But the con-
tract shall not extend over a greater period than that for
which the patent is given."
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this amend-
ment is designed to enable.the United Stages to
avail themselves of a new process of refining gold
bullion, discovered by Professors R. S. MeCulioh
and James C. Booth. They have discovered a
method which it is supposed will diminish very
greatly the expense of refining argentiferous gold
bullion. And it is proposed to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to purchase this right from
them, if he shall think proper, by allowing them,
at the choice of the depositor, to receive from the
depositor one half of the difference between the
expense of the present method and the expense of
the new method. Of course, there can be no ob-
jection to this provision. It is left to the depositor
whether he will pay it or not, for he can choose
between the two methods. The compensation is
confined to the difference between the expenses of
the two methods. These will turn out, I believe,
to be great improvements made by these two gen-
tlemen, and will enable us to remedy the error so
much complained of in relation to California gold.
The delay in refining California gold was occa-
sioned by the unusual quantity of silver which it
contained. Hence there was great difficulty in
separating the silver from the gold. This provi-
sion will remedy this difficulty.
Mr. DAWSON. I merely wish to be informed
on this subject. This contract which it is pro-
posed to make is to extend so long as the patent
continues in force. That is, for fourteen years;
but the time may be extended by Congress for
thirty or forty years longer. I propose that the
time shall be limited to fourteen years, the length
of time to which patents now extend. If it is to
be continuable after that time, we might as well
purchase the patent-right at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to such a
modification.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not see any objection
to the amendment in Us present form, for the mat-
ter is left to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and it is to cost nothing except to the j
depositor. I do not see any danger then of leav- :
ing the amendment in its present form. I
Mr. DAWSON. Then I withdraw my propo- ;
sition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nineteenth amendment of the committee
proposes to strike out the following proviso to an
item under the head "Light House Establish-
ment:"
Provided, That collectors .whose compensation exceeds
$2,500 shall receive no compensation as superintendents of
lights or disbursing agents.
Mr. DICKINSON. The House of Represent-
atives seem to have thought it a matter of economy
to limit the compensation of collectors who receive
more than $2,500. The law of 1830 limits this
extra compensation to $400 The public officers
think it would be detrimental to the public service
to take away this compensation. I therefore hope
the proviso will be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 would in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Finance,
whether it is made any part of the duty of collect-
ors to be superintendents of light houses ?
Mr. DICKINSON. It is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twentieth amendment of the commitee pro-
poses to insert after the item of appropriations for
the salaries of the various Charges d'Affaires, under
the head of intercourse with foreign nations, the
following amendment, which was agreed to.
" And for compensation to Alexander Hainrnet for his ser-
vice as Charge d'Affaues at Naples, ftom the20th ot May,
1847, to the 21s t of June, 1848, $4,875."
The twenty-first amendment of the committee
j proposes to insert after the appropriation for the
| salary of the Commissioner to the Sandwich
islands the following:
(< To A nthony Ten ck, for salary and. contingent expen-
ses as Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands tor the year
ending December 3Jst, 1849, $5,422 87."
" To Charles Eames, for outfit as late Commissioner to
the Sandwich Islands, in. pursuance of the recommendation
of the Department of State, $3,000."
The question was ordered to be taken on each
item separately. The question being on the Irrst
item—
Mr. DICKINSON. That clause was passed
in the appropriation bill for last year, but it was
lost between the Houses in consequence of a mis-
take of the engrossing officers.
Both items were then agreed to.
The twenty-second amendment of the commit-
tee proposes to insert after the appropriation for
the coast survey, the following:
"For continuing the survey of-the western coast of the
United States, $40,000.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, the origi-
nal estimates of the department did not ask any-
thing for this special survey. But they subse-
quently asked for $40,000. The committee,
however, desiring to get along with as small an
amount as possible, proposed and recommended
$25,000. -But upon the very urgent solicitation
and recommendation of the department, of the offi-
cers in charge of the work, and gentlemen of the
the Senate who understand the subject very well,
the committee have concluded to adopt the recom-
mendation of the department, and recommend an
appropriation of $40,000. It has been shown to
them that the public service will puffer great detri-
ment unless this appropriation is made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-third amendment proposes to insert
in line 1101, after the wordemployed," the words
" under the direction of the Department of State, in
the reconstruction of the maps of the boundary
under the treaty of Washington."
This w'ould make the item read:
" For the pay of draftsmen, and assistants to the head of
the scientific corps, employed under the direction of the De-
partment of State in the reconstruction of the maps of the
boundary under the treaty of Washington in copying and re-
cording,' $7,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-fourth and last amendment of the
committee, proposes to insert in line 1120, after
the words "maps," $1,115."
This will make the clause read:
" And compensation of two private soldiers, for thcirser-
vices as draftsmen in reconstructing maps, $1,115."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit the followingamend-
ment:
" For the expenses of the agent of the Sublime Porte, ten
thousand dollars, to be disbursed under the direction of the
Secretary of State."
Mr. President, I am instructed "to offer this
amendment by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. We are assured by gentlemen of much ex-
perience that it is custQmary in Christian countries,
who receive such agents from the East, to support
the agents while they are with them. There are
reasons existing why this should be done in this
case. They probably came to this country under
some assurance that something of this sort would
be done. The dignity of the nation, as well as
custom and usage, requires that it should be done.
The Committee on Foreign Relations have there-
fore instructed me to offer this amendment. It ia
also recommended by the Department of State.
Mr. D*\WSON. I should like to have some
information on this point before voting on this
appropriation. I should like to know the reasons
why this appropriation is to be made. Some gen-
tlemen who have been in foreign countries can
perhaps tell'us whether it is usual or not for a
country to make an appropriation for an agent
sent by a foreign Government
Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] has received a letter from
Mr. John P. Brown, Dragoman at Constantino-
ple, that will perhaps explain the matter.
The letter was sent to the Secretary's desk and
read, as follows:
New York, September, 1850.
Honorable Sir : I beg the honor of addressing ynu a few
lines from this place, where i am spending a day "or two pre-
vious to visiting Washington. I left Constantinople on the
20th of May, on a short leave of absence for six months from
the presentMmistei Resident, Mr. Mar^h, to visit inv native
country. With the exception of a few months in 3835 >3o
1 have been in the Ea-t s-mcc 1^29. I havt- been favored ny
a passage home in tue United States store-hip <• Emp,'" com-
manded by my cousin, Lieutenant Commanding \Y. D. Por-
ter, who kindly invited my wife, mother,and *eif to loinhirn
for that purpose at Genoa.
You are aware of the policy I pursued at the Porte during
the occurrences of the last year. I have every reason to be-
lieve that it Wds successful in creating better feelings towards
