1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
refer: if 1 voted nay, it would have been voting
against refusing; to submit the question to the com-
mittee. 1 decided, therefore, not to vote at all
upon this and the three following questions, as
neither an affirmative nor a negative vote would
convey my opinion upon the subject; which is,
that we have no constitutional power to act as
contemplated upon any of these subjects. My
friends determined to vote them down, with all
other amendments. I did not choose to inter-
fere with a desire to expedite the action of the
Senate, by offering amendments. My course,
then, was not to vote upon them at all. I find,
however, that I am reported to have voted upon
the first, and not upon the other three. The his-
tory of the transaction sufficiently explains the
course of those who voted on ail the propositions;
but one who should vote upon either without the
others would be left in an inexplicable condition.
1 therefore ask to have the vote in the negative upon
this iOth proposition, ascribed to me, erased.
Mr. SEWARD. On the amendment relative to
the abolition of the slave trade between the States,
I wish to know how my vote is recorded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the affirmative.
Mr. SEWARD, t voted in the negative/and
wish to have it so altered.
Mr. YULEE. I beg leave to take notice of an
inaccuracy in the report of this morning's Union,
which may expose me to misapprehension. I arn
stated there as excusing my not voting, upon the
ground that I had paired off with a gentleman who
voted in the negative. The reverse was what I
leally said. I should myself have voted in the
negative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
make anv motion?
Mi. YULEE. Oh, no. I merely make the
statement in order to set myself rinht.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I perceivethat
lam reeotded as having voicd in the affirmative
on the eleventh proposition, m relation to the sup-
pression of the .slave trade between the States,
which is an error, as I did not vote at all.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE. I made a motion yesterday which
was decided by the Chair to be out of order. I
hope it is in order now. I picsent the petition of
citizens of Stockbridge, in the county of Berkshire,
in the State of Massachusetts, praying Congress
to repeal all laws or parts of laws by which slavery
is established or sanctioned m ihe District of Co-
lumbia, or to cause the seat of the National Gov-
ernment to be removed to a more suitable location.
I move that it be received and referred to the se-
lect committee about to be raised on this subject;
and on that I ask for the yews and nays.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdiaw his motion for a mo-
ment, to enable me to present a joint resolution
from my State, as I am necessarily obliged to be
absent from the Senate on official business.
Mr. HALE. Certainly, sir.
The motion was accord ingly withdrawn.
Mr. RUSK presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Texas, instructing the Senatois and >e-
questing the Representatives of that Stale in Con-
gi e&s to use their exertions to procure the enactment
of a law compensating Brown and Tarbox for
serv.ces in carrying the mail; which was referred
to the. Committee" on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a pe-
tition signe t by citizens of Wisconsin, asking the
adoption of measures for the adjustment of inter-
national intercourse; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a petition signed
by citizens of Lafayette county, Indiana, asking
that the right of trial by jury may be secured by
law to fugitive slaves arrested in any State other
than that m which their service is claimed.
Also, a petition signed by citizens of the same
place, asking that no State may hereafter be ad-
mitted into the Union whose constitution does not
prohibit the existence of slavery within its limits;
which said petitions were ordered to he on the
table. , , . . „ , , .
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of the heirs
of Andrew D. Crosby, deceased, late a purser in
the naVvj asking to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions,
On motion by Mr. MASON, •
Ordered, That the memorial of Pri«cilta D. Twines be
taken from the fih"- of the Senate and releired to the Com-
mittee on Naval Aff.urs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN,
Ordered, That the petition of Wn<ie Ailen, on the file* of
j the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
j and Post Roads.
| Mr. HALE. I now, sir, again renew my mo-
: tion that the petition be received and referred to
i the committee about to be raised; and 1 ask the
! yeas and nays upon it.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. ATCHISON. I move to lay the resolu- ,
tiou to teceive and refer upon the table. :j
Mr. HALE. I ask the yeas and nays on that ;[
, motion. 1}
■! The yeas and nays were ordered. h
j! Mr. WHITCOMB. I call for the reading; of j j
j the peti'ion. jj
The Secretary read the following petition for J|
j the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Con- \\
;j gress for the support of slavery in the District of jj
|j Columbia:
| To the Congress of the United Sf<tt-es:
j The undersigned, citiz nsamii let tors of th« State of Ma*-
j sachu^etrs, resi<hn«r in fcUockhritijje. m the (ounf^nf f5<  k-
j sh i<\ n .-peetiuHv piav foj the m p< nl of all tavv> ar.d parts
j of laws adopted f>i enacted bj Cimgitss by which siavery
j ot ihe slave tiade i  autlinnz d or .-auctioned in the city of
i Washington or the District of Colnn.hm; and that, lit'the
I t vent or their non-repeal, the'•em of ihe Yational Govern-
[ merit ma> ho removed to .->ome more s-uitable location.
1 Mr. BRIGHT. Theie ate various other peti-
j tions on the same subject now on the table, and
after the committee pioposed to be raised shall-
, have been raised 
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
| Indiana is out of older. The question to lay upon
I the table is not debatable.
! Mr. ATCHISON. I will withdraw the motion
• to lay upon the, table if the gentleman will renew it.
[ Mr. BRIGHT assented.
j The motion was withdrawn.
! Mr. BRIGHT. Thee are various other peti-
1 tions relating to this subject on the table, and va-
rious othei s connected with the question of slavery. 1 j
i After the committee of thirteen is raised, which I j:
! presume will be determined to-day, it is my in- j!
' tention, unless some other Senator shall do it, to ■
move to refer eveiythm^ connected with this sub- !!
j jeet to the select committee. With that intention,
! 1 shall vote to lay this petition on the table for the !'
j time being. 1 now icnew the motion to lay on the ]j
| table.
! Mr. HALE. The yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion on
which the yeas and nays wete oidered was with-
drawn.
Mr. HALE. Then I call for the yeas and nays
on this motion.
The yeas and nays bavins; been ordered—
Mr. SEWARD mquned what was the question
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a motion to
lay the question of reception and reference on the
table.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Does this question em-
brace the subject of the reception of the petition,
or has the petition already heen received?
The VICE PRESIDENT, it has not been re-
ceived.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Then I shall vote "nay."
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mes-as. AteliNon. Badster, Licit, Rmlnnd, Butler,
Clemen-*, li.ivi-s of M pi". Dickinson. Do<lue of imva.
Foote. Joi,p>, Ktn«. Muis-'um. Ma-on, .Mm mo. Peatee,
Rii^k Sehn-nait, Siurc-on, 'I nun-v. and U; d'-i wo< <t—;>l.
NAY?—Me-*.-i>. Baldwin. Bright. Cb.w. C-arke. Com in,
Davis of Mas.-achiifeu*-, Davton, Dodge of Wi-eo.Mti,
Greene, Hale, Hamhn. Mill- r, jYoui*, Phelps Seward,
iSimrh, Walker, and Whitcomb—lc.
So the motion to lay on the table was carried.
CALIFORNIA BILL.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I now ask that the bill for
the admission of California may be taken up, for
the purpose only of making it a special order. I
move that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill m relation to California.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion to enable me to make a report from a
committee ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
The motion was withdrawn.
SYNOPTICAL INDEX OF TUB LAWS.
Mr. DOWNS. The Committee on the Judw
dieiary has directed me to report back the resolu-
tion to authorize the Secretary #f the Senate U>
contract with Messrs. Lutle db Brown for twelve
hundred and fifty copies„of the Synoptical Imtex
of the Laws of the United Stales, with a >ecoR)«
mendation that it should pass.
The object, Mr. President, of having this mat-
ter refcried was, that the committee should be
satisfied of the correctness of the work. From
the shoit time which has elapsed it is impassible
lor the committee to have examined into the book,
but they have leceued assurances that it has been
carefully examined by the ablest lawyers,and are
patif-fied that there would be no danger in passing
the resolution.
Mr TUR.NEY. This, I believe, is the same
resolution that was proposed a lew days since, to
which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Undrr-
} wood] made objection. I wove to luy the icsolu-
j tion on the table.
i Mr. DO WINS. Do I understand the Senator
j from Tennessee to wish to lay the resolution on
i the table temporality only?
j Mr. TURNEY, (in his seat ) Yes.
j Mr. DOWNS, Then 1 have no objection to
; his motion.
Trie question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the fable, which resulted—ayes 9, noes 23.
So the motion was lost.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution, and it was agreed to.
THE CALIFORNIA BILL.
Mr. DOUGLAS I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill for the admission of the State of California,
for the purpose of making it a special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed, and that it
be made the special order immediately after the
appointment of the select committee, which 13
fixed for one o'clock this day.
Mr TURNEY. 1 move to refer the bill to the
select committee about to be raised.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
postponement takes priority.
The.question was then taken on Mr. Douglas's
motion, and it was carried.
THE ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
Mr, MANGUM. What are the orders of tli©
day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the rexolu'ion oilered by the Senator
from New Hampshire last evening is the order of
the day as unfinished business.
Mr.'MANGUM Well, sir, one o'clock to-
day was fixed upon to execute an order of the
Senate, and that takes ptecedence of every thin#.
The special order of the day is toexecutc an order
of the Senate made ye-sfeiday, and I have nev*r
known that to j*o over foi anything. At all e\ eats,
I shall call for the execution of that oider at ono
o 'clock.
A Senator. It wants three minutes to the time
yet. You can talk that out.
Mr. MANGUM. Well, I think I could talk
for three minutes, since others are allowed to talk
so much, but so amiable is mv disposition that I
shall not detain the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT The question is on
j the motion to proceed to the consideration of the
order of the day.
Mr. CUTLER. May I be allowed to ask what
-I is the order ot the day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday, the resolution offered by
the Senator from New Hampshire to refer the pe-
titions on the subject of slavery to the select com-
. mittee.
The resolution is as follows:
i Resoloed, Th'iraH petitions and remonstrances received
I tins j-esMon on the *ul>jecM mentioned m the r^otunon* of
: the Senator from K>ntnekv [Mr Clay] a d the Senator
■ j from Tennessee, [Mr. Belt, ] referred to a select committee
,'i of thirteen, be taken horn the table and referred to the sama
!| committee,
Mr. KING. I will make a sin^'e suggestion.
The committee is not ye? raised. When the com-
mittee is raised, it will be in order for the Senator
to make propositions referring matters to that com-
