the congressional globe.
April 19,
mittee, but it is not in order to move to refer mat-
ters to a committee hereafter to be appointed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish simply to
suggest to the Senator from Alabama, to whose
judgment I always defer with the greatest submis-
sion, that the Senate have already voted to refer
some matters to that committee.
Mr. KING. The Senate has moved to refer
certain propositions, which are before the body,
to a select committee to be raised, but until that
committee is raised it is not in the power of any
member to refer other subjects to the committee.
The moment the committee is raised it will be
entirely in order for the Senator to make his prop-
osition.
Mr. HALE. I submit, Mr. President, as I
always do. [A laugh.]
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, is there any-
thing pending before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT.. There is not. The
Chair understands the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire to be withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. It is not quite one o'clock, and 1
move that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF THE SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. MANGUM. It will be remembered, that
by the decision of the Senate yesterday the chair-
man of the select committee ig first to be elected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
fixed this time for the election of the select com-
mittee of thirteen. The chairman will be elected
first, and Senators will please prepare their ballots
accordingly.
The ballots were then collected and reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question pre-
sents itself whether blanks can be counted? There
are thirty-four votes cast; of which Mr. Clay re-
ceived S7, Mr. Bell 1, Mr. Mancum I, Mr. Ben-
ton 1, and blank 4. It will be perceived that,
unless the four blanks can be counted, a quorum
of the Senate has not voted. The Chair i3 in-
formed that the usage has been not to count the
blanks. If so, there has been no election for the
want of a quorum.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President 
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I was not in
early enough-to vote. If it is in order, I should
be ijlad lo do so, in order to make a quorum.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the Senator have
permission to vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the vote will be received. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. BENTON. I owe it to the Senate to say
that, contrary to my usual custom, I did not vole
at all, because 1 am wholly opposed to the raising
of such a committee. But 1 would not see the
Senate m trouble for want of a quorum, and I
would be willing to throw in a vote that would
count, if it be the sense of the Senate, in order to
save going through with the whole ballot again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to vote'
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MANGUM. I move the Senator have
permission to vote.
Mr. BENTON. I neither desire nor declineto
vote, but am willing to do it to 3ave trouble.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an addi-
tional vote for Mr. Clay, on receiving Mr. Web-
ster's ballot.
Mr BENTON. Very well; that makes a
quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote now
stands: For Mr Clay 28, Mr. Bell 1, Mr. Ben-
ton 1, Mr. Man&um 1, and blank 4. Mr. Clay
having received a majority of the votes, is of course
elected chairman of the committee.
Senators will prepare to vote for the remaining
twelve members of the committee on one ballot.
The ballots were again collected, but before the
result «as announced—
Mr. DOUGLAS said: At the time the ballot
was going on, I was unable to lay my hands on
the ticket containing the names to be voted for,
and I now desire to vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Senator will be allowed to
vote.
Mr. Douglas having accordingly deposited his
batlo—
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
votes cast were as follows:
Mr. Cass 30 Mr. Badger 2
Mr. Diekinson 31 Mr. Rusk 9
Mr. Bright 28 Mr. Dodge, W 2
Mr. Webster 30 Mr. Dayton S
Mr. Phelps 31 Mr. Atchison 1
Mr. Cooper 29 Mr. Smith 1
Mr. Kins 29 Mr. Underwood 1
Mr. Masou 29 Mr. Oorwm 1
Mr. Downs 29 Mr. Davis, Miss 1
Mr. Mangum 29 Mr. Clarke 1
- Mr. Bell 30 Mr. Sturgeon 1
Mr. Berrien ^ 29 Mr. Benton 1
The result is, that the remaining twelve mem-
bers of the committee will consist of Messrs. Cass,
Dickinson, Bright, Webster, Phelps, Cooper,
King, Mason, Downs, Mangum, Bell, and Ber-
rien, those gentlemen having received a majority
of all the votes cast.
Mr. PHELPS. I regret, sir, that 1 must beg
to be excused from acting on this committee. The
state of my health forbids that I should devote
that attention to its duties which the importance
of the subjects ieferred to it demands. There are
other reasons, which will naturally suggest them-
selves to gentlemen of the Senate, why I should
be excused from any participation in this proceed-
ing; but the reason that I decline on account of the
state of my health will, 1 trust, be a sufficient rea-
son why I should not be on the committee.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
excusing the Senator from Vermont from serving
on the committee.
Mr. MANGUM. I very much hope that my
friend will withdraw that motion. The committee
will accommodate their action so as to afford every
convenience to the gentleman. I hope, therefore,
he will withdraw his request.
Mr. PHELPS. I think there can be no diffi-
culty about this matter. I have considered from
the outset that the appointment of this committee
would result in nothing more nor less than the ex-
pression of opinion on the one side and the other,
and probably we shall get nothing new upon the
subject—nothing except what Senators have al-
ready expressed in their places on this floor. But,
sir, this question has assumed an importance m
the country, which will render it necessary for
every man on this committee to be prepared to
vindicate his coutse. And I may be permitted to
say that I think, in all human probability, to say
nothing more, that Ihe result of the whole pro-
ceeding will be unsatisfactory to my constituents
and to myself. Under these circumstances, I
should feel myself compelled, if assigned to the
committee, to prepare my own opinions for my
own vindication, to be spread before the country,
which is more than my feeble health would pos-
sibly allow. I hope, therefore, that I shall be ex-
cused.
Mr. WEBSTER. I hope the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont will withdraw his application,
and the committee will doubtless act in view of the
state of his health. If the mere fact of having
been opposed to the raising of the committee, and
having expressed great doubts whether good re-
sults would come from it, be allowed as a reason
for being excused—if that example should be set,
I should be obliged perhaps to follow it. I hope, |!
sir, the honorable member wiil be kind enough to 'j
withdraw his application. If not regularly, the j;
state of his health may at least allow him to meet j'
occasionally with the committee, who, I doubt not, f;
will make their sessions convenient for him. He ij
will, therefore, be conferring a favor on the Senate ij
by withdrawing his application. ii
Mr. PHELPS. A word more. I cannot, in ||
justice to myself, withdraw this application. The 'j
subject is with the Senate, and if they do not see !
fit to gratify me in this particular, why, of course, !
I must make the best of my position. ]
Mr. MANGUM. I hope for the present the j
Senate will not accord the request. If my friend '
is put to any inconvenience, on the score of health, |
in this matter in ihe future, I will yield to any re- j!
quest for his personal convenience and comfort. I;1
The question was then taken, and the Senate I
refused to excuse the Senator from Vermont from ||
serving on the select committee. ;
Mr. HALE. Jn accordance with the suggestion '
made by ihe Senator from Indiana, on the other \
side of the Chamber, that if nobody else would j
renew the motion I had made, after the appoint-
ment of this committee, he would—and which
motion I waived only after the suggestions of the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. King]—it now being
in order, I renew the motion I made last evening,
that all memorials and remonstrances lying on the
table, germane and relevant to this subject, be
taken from the table and referred to this commit-
tee.
Mr. BENTON. I would earnestly ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment, that I myself may make a mo-
tion pertinent to the case. I ask him to withdraw
it but for a moment.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. Then, Mr. President, I offer
an instruction to the committee 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel compelled, with great
reluctance, to interfere with either the Senator from
Missouri or from New Hampshire. I do not wish
to dispense with the special order for anything that
will take up time.
Mr. BENTON. It will take but a little time,
sir. I ask, does the Senator yield ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I prefer that the Senate
should determine.
Mr. BENTON. Does the Senator yield for a
moment?
Mr! DOUGLAS. I will, if it does not take up
much time.
Mr. BENTON. The day is yet before us, and
there is plenty of time left. I propose the follow-
ing :
"That the said committee be instructed to report sepa-
rately upon each different pubject referred to it, and that the
said committee tack no two bills of different natures to-
gether, nor join m the same bill any two or more subjects,
which are in their nature foreign, incoherent, or incongruous
to each other."
Mr. BADGER. I object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution of
course lies over one day, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BENTON. I beg pardon; it is not a reso-
tion. it is a mere motion of instruction, reduced
to writing- for convenience. It is like all other
instructions to a committee; and 1 take it, sir, that
because this motion is reduced to writing it does
not follow the rule in regard to resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is not a reso-
lution the Chair has misunderstood it.
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir, it is a mere motion
reduced to writing for convenience. If preferred,
I would deliver it orally, and let it be taken down
by the Clerk, as has been done during the whole
progress of this question
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President 
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) It is an inde
pendent resolution, which lies over one day. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Gentlemen will
please suspend for a moment until the Chair ex-
amines the rule.
Mr. BENTON. If this is thrown over one
clay, in the mean time the committee may act.
One day now is three days, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that, as this is not a formal resolution,
and has not the word resolved in it, it may perhaps
be a motion. The Chair, however, finds that on
a resolution being introduced that a bill should be
read a second time at a certain period, the ques-
tion was raised whether it did not come under the
rule requiring, if objection was raised to its con-
sideration, that it should lie over one day, and the
presiding officer decided that it did. The Chair,
therefore, will be bound by that decision, though
of the impression that it is not within the rules.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say a word in regard
to the objection I have raised. There is no sub-
ject now before the Senate, to which the paper
sent by the Senator from Missouri to the Chair
can be attached or appended. The Senate has not
before it any resolution to raise or instruct a com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has de-
cided the question, and unless there is an appeal,
of course this debate is out of order.
Mr. BENTON. Oh, I will not appeal, sir.
Mr. HALE. Then I renew my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call fur the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois insists upon the execution of the special
order.
Mr. HALE. I suppose I have the right to
have a vote of the Senate on my motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the special order takes precedence.
