1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
of the Persian mission, as I have- been toid; and
when[recently the Pope, for the first time, sent a
nuncio to Constantinople, his expenses were paid
by the Porte. I do not suppose that this will be
expected of us, but it will probably be regarded as
an evidence of good feeling on our part, and it
may have a favorable influence in Turkey. I do
not know that I should have proposed it, but since
others have openly proposed, I will vote for it.
Mr. DICKINSON. This recommendation
comes from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It is the first f have heard of it, not being on that
committee, and I am sorry to differ with so learned
a<id honorable a committee as that. But, sir, f can
see no reason to justify us at this time, with the
extra vacant appropriations which wearecompelled
to make to carry on and discharge the ordinary
functions of the Government, in adding to its other
functions that of " hospitality." I am opposed
to the amendment, therefore, upon principle, and
upon the ground of expediency. This bill appro-
priates nearly $7,000,000 now, and whilst we
should not stop the ordinary operations of the
Government, because the appropriations seem ex-
travagantly large, yet that is a first-rate reason
why we should not pass beyond. I will not occu-
py the time of the Senate, though I could state
reasons at length against the expediency of this
amendment. I have prepared a financial history
of.this country, which it would take me a day, or
perhaps more, to bring forward, and my ambition
would be gratified by an opportunity of doing so,
since I have prepared it by great labor; but 1 shall
forego the privilege which I would otherwise ask.
I shall perhaps commit it to the press hereafter;
but as we cannot afford time, I will let it go by for
the present. 1 do hope that the Senators will
confine themselves to a simple statement of facts
and reasons, as speeches and arguments on these
questions are not listened to, and they only con-
sume time most unprofitably.
Mr BUTLER. This proposition struck me
as I came into the Senate somewhat with surprise.
If the appropriation is made, it may perhaps an-
swer the end contemplated; that is, to induce the
Sultan to send an ambassador or representative
here, but it is a precedent that I for one cannot
undertake to sanction; for if you give §10,000 to
entertain this person, it will be such a precedent
as will not enable you to discriminate between
others who may come hereafter under similar cir-
cumstances. I will answer for it that, under this
precedent, you will have agents, perhaps, from the
Emperor of Morocco, from the Emperor of Japan,
from Siam, and all the other small States; and how
are you to discriminate?
Mr. FOOTE. We do not want to discriminate.
Mr. BUTLER. I have great respect for the
proposition which i3 made here, because it comes
to us under very high sanction; but I would rather
suppose that in this stage of the world, when the
facilities of communication are so great, and an
enlarged intercourse is kept up between nations
by mutual agents, this plan of promoting inter-
course by marks of hospitality, would have
ceased. Eastern hospitality forms no part of the
law of nations, and it is too vague in its' nature for
us to form any safe precedents from it; and for
such I shall not vote.
Mr. PRATT. I wish for some information to
enable me to give my vote satisfactorily to myself.
I would ask the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
or any other gentleman who is able to do so, to
answer me this question. Suppose this diplomatic
agent had been accredited to any other civilized
Government in the world, wtould the hospitality
which is proposed to be tendered to him by this
appropriation be given to him there ? 1 wish that
question answered, because if any other civilized
Government would do what we are now asked to
do, I am not disposed on the part of this Govern-
ment to refuse to do what other Governments
would do in a similar case. As to the amount of
the appropriation, I think, considering the usages
of the Eastern countries, it is jiot at all too large.
Their domestic arrangements and their mode of
living are on an expensive scale, and I apprehend,
therefore, that the appropriation is not at all too
large.
Mr. BENTON. This is the first time that we
have received an agent of this kind from Asia; for
though Constantinople is in Europe, it is an Asiatic
Empire; and I think that sound policy requires us
to act as other Governments do towards their repre-
sentatives. I am in favor of tendering the hospi-
talities of the United States to this agent, and £
shall therefore vote for the amendment.
Mr-DICKINSON. I believe they have a min-
ister or agent of some kind at the Court of St.
James, and if they do, they doubtless find the cus-
tom thus The first moment the minister arrives
there, the head waiter of the Premier calls on him
to be paid a considerable amount, from five to
fifty guineas, according to his liberality. Now, I
suppose if this functionary went there, he would
be called upon to pay accordingly. If, therefore,
we should follow the customs of other Govern-
ments, we should make them pay when they come
here in the character of diplomatic agents instead
of paying- them.
Mr. CASS. I have but a word to say, and then
I will not trespass again upon the Senate. I wish
merely to say, in reply to the inquiry of the Sena-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] that I believe
the Turkish ministers at all the courts in Europe
are supported by the country to which they are
sent. I know that when I was in France, the
French Government took and furnished for the
use of the Turkish ambassador one of the most
splendid palaces in Paris, the rent of which could
not have been less than five or six thousand
dollars.
Mr. DAYTON. Let me state another fact with
regard to the customs of these foreign Governments
in reference to those very donations to which the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] has
alluded. I recently saw a work treating upon the
subject, in which it was stated that even at this
day it is customary, on the part of the British
Government, when an ambassador is about to
leave their court, in a delicate way to put at his
disposal a thousand pounds; and a minister has at
his disposal merely five hundred pounds, with a
view of meeting the very gratuities which they
are called upon to make. Our representative has
never been permitted, owing to the constitutional
provision, to touch anything of this kind; but this
habit prevails now even at the Court of St. James.
The yeas and nays on the amendment having
been ordered, were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dayton, Dousla«s, Downs, Ewing, Felch, Foote,
Greene, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Mangum,
Morton, Pearee, Pratt. Ruck, Seward, Shields, Smith, SouI6,
Wales, Walker, and Winthrop—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnwell, Bright, Butler, Chase, Davis
of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dod«e of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Hamlin, King, Mason, Norris, Sebastian,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Tumpy, Underwood, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi. When this bill
was reported to the Senate I gave notice of two
amendments. I now beg leave to offer the first of
them. It is as follows:
"To pay the amount of subscription under the joint reso-
lution of the third of March last, for one thousand copies of
the annals of Congress to the end of the fourth Congress,
and to inelnde the first Congress, as well as the second,
third, and fourth Congress, thirty thousand dollars.5'
I will state that these are works which have been
furnished under an order of Congress of the 3d
March last, for the publication of the annals of
the second, third, and fourth Congresses. The
annals of the first Congress have been printed, and
this omission in the resolution of the 3d March
last probably arose from the supposition that they
were already published by order of Congress.
The annals of the first Congress had been printed
and occasionally ordered by Congress for distribu-
tion, but they never had been published under an
order of Congress. The whole series has been
furnished under the resolution, and the proposition
now is to appropriate a sum to cover the cost of
the volume of the first Congress as well as the
second, third, and fourth; the second, third, and
fourth having been directed expressly, the other, I
suppose, impliedly.*
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I now offer the
other amendment of which I gave notice:
" For continuing the publication of the works of the ex-
ploring expedition, including the printing of the charts, the
pay of scientific corps, salary of the horticulturist, and caie
of the collections, $25,0tt0."
Mr. DAVIS. That is an amendment I was
directed by the Library Committee to offer to the
Senate. The greater part of the appropriation is
for work already done or already contracted for,
except the salaries of some persons who are en-
in writing out the results of the exploring
expedition. The memorandum before me gives
the items. The salaries of Professors Agassiz,
Torry, Gray, and De Gould, printing, engraving,
binding, and contingent expenses make up the
whole amount of the appropriation. This is a
matter which has been discussed by the Senate on
a former occasion, and the appropriations have
been made heretofore for the publication of the
matter collected by the exploring expedition of the
United States,-
Mr. ATCHISON". For a good many years
we have been making appropriations for some-
thing or other connected with this exploring expe-
dition. I desire to know how much has already
been paid for publishing the results, in all its
branches, of this exploring expedition ?
Mr. DAVIS. The chairman of the Committee
on the Library [Mr. Pearce] will be able to give .
you the information better than 1 can.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know that I can
answer that question with precision. I have
answered it upon several different occasions, after
making an exact calculation of the money ex-
pended. I think the last estimate was $64,000.
There is no doubt that the work in question is a
very expensive one. It is necessarily so, and
would be so under any administration, in any
country. The original calculation was that #100,000
would be enough to complete the publications,
which are very expensive, and of a most costly
character, requiring a vast deal of engraving beau-
tifully illustrated, and printed in the finest style.
Congress has already authorized the publication of
the results of this expedition, and the committee
are charged with seeing that they are published.
The contracts were made under that authority
several years ago, when neither my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] nor myself were mem-
bers of the committee, and it is in pursuance of
the contract thus originally made that the work is
now going on. We have published more than
half of the volumes proposed to be published, and
we have finished much the larger portion of the
engraving, which is the expensive part of the work.
We now have Professors Agassiz, Torry, Gray,
and De Gould, and some other scientific gentlemen
engaged in completing the residue of the reports.
I hope the work will be complete in about two
years, but it is absolutely necessary that this ap-
propriation should be made, unless the Govern-
ment means to make the committee break faith
with the contractors. There are between eighfand
nine thousand dollars in arrears for printing and
engraving done, and there will soon be sixteen or
seventeen thousand.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to ask one other
question. I ^m perfectly willing to pay for work
which has been contracted for; but is this the last
appropriation we shall be called upon to make?
Mr. PEARCE. It will not be. I have stated
that. \ supposed the work would be completed in
about two years, and at least another appropria-
tion of the same amount, or nearly so, will be
asked for.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask if copyrights are
granted for these works.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 beg leave to say that no copy-
right can be given for any of the reports which are
about to be made. A copyright was given to Cap-
tain Wilkes for his narrative, as I believe I ex-
plained before. Captain Wilkes wrote that nar-
rative in his leisure hours, and by the consent of
the Library Committee, as then constituted, he
was allowed to take out a copyright, the Govern-
ment bems; furnished with the number of copies
provided for in the law authorizing the publica-
tion; but these gentlemen who are preparing the
scientific reports arc mere agents, whom we pay
for doing the writing, and the manuscript, when
completed, is the* property of the Government#
I have had a controversy with one of the gen-
tlemen thus employed, and I have compelled him
to give up his manuscript to the Government. No
copyright is authorized, and if any is obtained it
will not be worth a farthing. The manuscript is
the property of the Government, and being printed
for the Government, without any copyright being
obtained, every one can print it afterwards. I
have understood that one of these scientific gen-
tlemen applied for and obtained a copyright for
his report, but it is not worth a farthing. The
others do not design applying for copyrights, and
this gentleman was distinctly told that this manu-
