1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Sept 20/
script belonged to the Government, and that he
should not and could not have a copyright.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS offered the following amend-
ment, which was not agreed to:
" For purchasing ft site and commencing the erection of a
suitable building in the city of St. Louis for a custom-house
(for the sub-treasury, and the post office,) and the courts of
the United States, including room3 for juries, for the clerk,
the district attorney,and marshal, the sum of $75,000; Pro-
vided, That the entire cost of said building shall not exceed
$100,009: Jlnd provided, further, Thai said building shall
be exempted from city and all other taxes by the State of
Missouri."
Mr. DOUGLAS offered the following amend-
ment, which was not agreed to:
" For the purchase of a site and construction of a proper
building at Cincinnati, for a custom-house and other pur-
pose, $50,000 : Provided, That the toialeost of construction
shall not exceed $75,000: Jlnd provided, also, That said
building shall be exempted from city taxes, and all other
taxes whatever, by the Legislature of Ohio."
Mr. HAMLIN offered the following, and it was
agreed to:
" For the purchase of a site and the erection of a custom-
house in the city of Bangor, (Maine,) $50,000, to he expend-
ed under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury: and |
the co&t of said building s-hall not exceed said sun ." !
Mr. GW1N offered the following, and it was
agreed to:
" For the construction of a marine hospital, to be loeatcd
by the Secretary of the Treasury at or near San Francisco,
in the State ol California, ,$50,000."
Mr. GWIN offered the following, and it was
agreed to:
" For the erection of a new custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, to contain rooms for the Post Office in that city, for
the accommodation of it its officers, and also rooms for the
United States District Court, for the accommodation of its
officers and other Government officers in California, until
the whole building is needed for custom house purposes,
$100,000: Provided that said building shall he exempt trom
all State and city taxation, and p/ovided fwther, that the
whole cost of the same shall not exceed Jour hundred thou-
sand dollars.
[Each of those amendments was debated at
some length, which debates may be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, offered the follow-
ing, and it was agreed to:
" For the extension of the Capitol by wings, according to
such plans as may be adopted by the joint committee of
both Houses Qf Congress $100,000 for each wing. Tin's ap-
propriation to bo expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and he shall be authorized to ap-
point an architect to carry out the plan oi plans which may
be adopted as aforesaid."
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings have had this matter for some time
under their consideration, and have inspected
various plans of different architects. They have
so far decided upon a plan as to enable them to
make an estimate which they think will approach
very nearly to the amount required. The Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives having
acted with that of the Senate, and, not having at-
tempted to decide upon the details, it has been left
to the Joint Committee to decide hereafter upon
the plan. The plan which is now before me has
been exhibited in the Senate, and is perhaps the
one which will be adopted. It is to extend the
Capitol north and south by wings transversely to
the axis of the Capitol, throwing the halls ot the
Senate and House of Representatives into the
opposite wings.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following:
" For making hydrogiaphical and topographical surveys to
decide upon the practicability and cost of improving the
navigation of the Onio river, by a system of reservons to
serve as feeders in periods- ot low water, according to the
plans propo ed by Charles JEliet, jr., civil engineer, the <uim
of twenty thousand dollars; the money to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the sur-
veys, with all necessary observation, measurements, recon-
noissances, and estimate*, to be made by mixed commission
of topographical and civil engineers, to be selected by the
President of the United States."
Pending this amendment, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, September 20, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BGWLIN inquired what was the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BQWLIN. 1 submit the following report
from thatcommittee.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I rise to a privi-
leged motion. 1 move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BOWLIN. 1 do not think the gentleman
has the floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Bowi.in] has been recognized.
Mr. BOWLIN. I report from the Committee
on Public Lands without amendment, the Senate
bill, entitled "An act granting to the State of
Missouri the right of way and a portion of the
public lands for making a railroad from the town
of Hannibal to the town of St. Joseph, in said
State."
The SPEAKER. The question, if no motion
to commit be made, will be on ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr BOWL1N. I ask that the bill be put on
its third reading.
Mr. JONES addressed the Speaker, and was
recognized. He said he believed it was in order to
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House re3o!ve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It would be recollected
(he said) that the debate upon the navy bill was to
be closed to-day, and there were several gentle-
men who were desirous to speak upon that.bill.
Mr. DANIEL. Before that motion is pat, 1
move that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the private calendar. 1 trust
(said he) 1 may be allowed to state to the House
what my object is. If the House go into com-
mittee, I shall move, first, to take up the Senate
bills and dispose of them; and afterwards to take
sueh action upon the other bills as the House shall
Bee fit, and as their inportance demands.
Mr. GREEN inquired what would be the con-
dition of the bill which his colleague [Mr. Bow-
lin] had reported, in case the House went into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
or Committee of the Whole House ? He said the
bill was a small one, and one which the House
could dispose of in five minutes. He hoped the
House would consent now to act upon it. He
tvished to know what would be its condition if
the House now went into committee.
The SPEAKER- It g°es upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. GREEN. And it cannot again be taken up?
The SPEAKER. It will come up in its order
if the House proceed with business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. BOWLTN asked leave to withdraw the bill.
The SPEAKER stated that it could only be
withdrawn by unanimous consent, and propound
ed the question, " Is there any objection to the
gentleman from Missouri withdrawing his report?"
No objection was made.
So the report was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
first on the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] as the naval bill was a special
order.
The motion of Mr. Jones was put, and by ayes
75, noes not counted, was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The-1 House accordingly resolved itself into
Commiltfeeof the Whole on ihe state of the Union,
(Mr. Disney in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
the support of the navy for the year ending 30th
June, 1851.
Mr. EWING obtained the floor, and yielded at
the request of Mr. McLane, of Maryland.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. McLANE said he had failed in find-
ing any opportunity in the House to give notice
that he was instructed by the Committee on
Commerce to ask the House to go into com-
mittee on the river and haibor bill as soon as
the existing special order was disposed of. This
special order comprised the army and navy bills,
which were the last of the appropriation bills; and
gentlemen who felt disposed to do justice to the
river and harbor bill, and give it the piacc in our
order of business to which it is believed to be en-
titled as an appropriation bill, they can do so by
insisting on its consideration immediately after the
existing special older. I have submitted the bill
as reported to this House, to the examination and
supervision of the Colonel of Topographical Eih
gmeers, requesting the Secretary of War to direct
him to submit an official and detailed report upon
it, that the House might have the benefit of the
fullest and most authentic information in regard t<J
each item in the bill. 1 have sought this report,,
and requested the House on yesterday to order-the
printing thereof, to avoid the necessity of any pro-
tracted debate at this late period of the session. I,
have it herein my hand, and invite the attentionof
gentlemen to its full and historical account of the
several items contained in the bill. I will adopt,
it as a portion of my remarks, that it may be pub-
lished, and members have an opportunity to ex-
amine it immediately.
Bureau of Toro graphic ax. Engineers',
Washington, Sept. 12,1850.
Sir: On the 27th of August 1 had the4ionor to
submit a report, in part, as a reply to a letter from
the honorable Mr. McLane, of the 30th August.
In that letter Mr. McLane transmitted a copy of
H. R. bill No. 348, making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors and rivers, and he
desired to be furnished with information in relation
to every item in this bill, quoting from former
reports in preference to merely referring to them,
and referring only to very recent reports. In com-
pliance with the request of that letter, 1 hav-e bow
the honor to submit a report which contains the in-
formation called for.
Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
I J. J. A BERT,
Colonel Corps Topographical Engineers.
Hon. C. M. Conrad, Secretary of War.
A Report from the Bureau of Topographical Engi-
neers on the subject of Rivers and Harbors.
Line 7 of the bill. For a breakwater structure
at the harbor of Burlington, Vermont, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
The harbor of Burlington is an open roadstead,
of deep water near the shore, but in rough weather
use could not be made of the landing and wharves
of the town. To remedy these defects of the har-
bor, this breakwater was constructed after the most
elaborate investigation and the most carefully di-
gested plans. It was stated in the annual report
from this office in 1843, that fifty thousand dollars
would be required to complete the breakwater in
conformity with approved plans. As $10,000 were
appropriated for this work in 1844, it leaves
$40,000 of the estimate as the amount which will
probably be required to complete the work. It
was commenced in the year 1836; the amount ap-
propriated that year, 1836, was $10,000
In 1837  10,000
In 1838  50.000
In 1844  10,000
Total amount appropriated -§8Q,0Q(>
Amount now estimated to complete the work
§40,000, of which the part appropriated by the
preaent bill, namely, §15,000, will be sufficient for
the present fiscal year.
Line 9. Breakwater structure at Plattsburg, New
York.
This work is similar to that at Burlington, and
made necessary by similar causes, and the remarks
just made of the Burlington breakwater apply
equally to this. In the report of 1643, it was
stated that $50,000 were required to complete this
work, in conformity with the original and approved
plan; $10,000 being appropriated in 1844, it left.
§40,000 as yet required. The first appropriation
for this work was in 1836 $10 000
In 1837    10,0SK>
In 1838  27,.',00
In 1844  10.000
Making a total appropriated of.. .$57,500
The amount of $15,000 of the present bill will be
sufficient for the present fiscal year.
Line 11. For the improvement of the harbor of
Whitehall, $10,000.
This amount will be chiefly required in dredging,
which is probably the best mode of expending th«
amount on that harbor. The dredging of some
years since was found to be of very great service,
and until very lately kept the harbor of sufficient
depth for the lake tiade. There have been appro-
priations for this harbor in 1836, 1837, and 1838,
amounting in all to $33,000. But out of this
amount the dredge boat hud to be procured. The
$10,000 of the present bill will be sufficient for the
present fiscal year.
Line 13. Pot repairs and working of the steam
dredge on Lake Champlam, $9,0UC.
