1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18?T
This "dredge boat was made in 1837, and at the
lime the estimate was furnished (in November,
1845,) jtpon which the foregoing item was predica-
ted, it was supposed that amount would put the
•boat in order, and keep her at work for one season.
Since then, the deterioration of the boat has gone
on, and it is feared that so much of this amount
will be required to put her in order, that but little
will be left to keep her at work, exeept at White
Hall, and for the benefit of that harbor. It had at
one time been contemplated, out of this item, to
use the boat to deepen and widen the pass for-
merly dredged between the two Hero Islands, but
if the condition of the boat should be, as it is feared
to be, it will not be possible to do much at that
pass. Upon the dredging at this pass I beg leave
to remark, that it is a work of great value to the
Lake trade. It was through an ancient, not a re-
centdeposit, and the excavation mcyie in 1837,-'38
holds its own to this day, and when once comple-
ted will, I have no doubt, be as enduring as it is
valuable. But until the boat is actually thoroughly
overhauled for the purpose of being repaired, it
cannot be ascertained with accuracy what portion
of the appropriation will be required for repairs,
yet however, if there should not be much left for
excavating between the two Heroes, there will be
sufficient for working the boat at White Hall;
•therefore this amount can be stated as sufficient for
the present fiscal year. Recent information in-
duces me to suppose that this boat is now not
worth repairing, and that the better course will be
to sell it and to make a new boat.
Line 15 For the improvement of the harbor at
Port Ontario, Lake Ontario, $15,000.
This is the same work as the one formerly known
as " mouth of Salmon river," and is of great im-
portance as a port of refuge to the trade of Lake
Ontario. Appropriations have been made for this
work in 1836, '37, '38, and *44, amounting in the
whole to $50,000.
This work, plan, and estimate, were carefully
revised in 1845, and the following remarks are ta-
ken from the annual report of that year.
" To complete the works which have been com-
menced at this place, it will be necessary to extend
the southern pier to fifteen feet water, and to con-
struct at its extremity a pier-head adequate to sus-
tain a beacon-light. It will also be necessary to
construct a northern pier, running from the shore
into the lake, parallel to the southern pier, distant
300 to 400 feet from it, and extending into the lake
to a depth of 12 feet of water, with pier-head.
The total cost of which (upon the most carefully-
revised estimates) will be about $70,000."
The amount of the present bill is sufficient for
the present fiscal year.
jLine 17. Improvement of the harbor of Oswego,
Lake Ontario.
This is an old^and an important work. It may
be considered the most important harbor on that
lake. Appropriations have been made in its fa-
vor in 1827, *28, '30, '31, '32, >33, '34, '36, >37,
^8, '44, amounting in the whole to $230,887. The
operations at this harbor are to substitute masonry
for the original perishable crib-work. This crib-
work, intended as foundation work for the ma-
sonry, has been so long constructed, and so fre-
quently injured by storms, that it is difficult now to
say what amount will be required to complete the
work. The able engineer, Major Turnbull, who
was the superintendent in 1845, estimated $58,000
for the continuation of the work. The amount pro-
posed in the present bill is sufficient for the pres-
ent fiscal year.
Line 19. BigSodusBay.
Appropriations have been made in its favor for
the years lt$29, '30, '31, '32, '33, '34, '35, '36, '37,
^38,'44, amounting to $143,620. In the annual
reports from this office of 1844 and 1845, the fol-
lowing remarks are made in reference to this har-
bor:
Jn 1814. "This place lies about twenty-five
miles west of Oswego, and may with greatjustice
be considered as the best natural harbor on the
southern shore of Lake Ontario. The temporary
works which were erected for the protection of |he
entrance can be considered as having fulfilled their
object. A channel of twelve feet now exists over
the bar, which, before these works were erected,
had not a passage over it of more than eight feet
deep, and less in low stages of water. At the
time the survey was made, (August, 1844,) the
lake wag supposed to be three feet higher than its
low^water condition, which shows that in a low-
water condition of the lake, the passage be-
tween the piers tfould not exceed about nine feet,
it ought, therefore, to be dredged out at least three
•feet deeper, to insure a depth of not less than
twelve feet in all conditions of the lake. After
passing this bar, there is inside the harbor suffi-
cient depth for vessels of any size, and sufficient
space for an immense fleet. Should it ever become
necessary to maintain a large naval force on this
lake, there is no place on the American shore which
presents greater advantages. The ease with which
the harbor may be entered, its spacious and com-
modious bay, in which a large fleet may be
manoeuvred, its protection from all winds, as well
as from sudden incursions from an enemy, its po-
sition about equi-distant from either end of the
lake, by which it could afford prompt assistance
to any point, all combine to characterize it els a
highly favorable site for a naval depdt. It can
also be well defended by works upon the heights,
to the east and west of the entrance, to which the
pier-heads, properly modified, might be made pow-
erful auxiliaries in affording space for small bat-
teries of heavy guns. It wants, however, one
principal requisite—an easy and secure communi-
cation with the interior, which it is presumed
will be accomplished before many years. A few
years ago, a company was incorporated to con-
strue a canal from the bay to Clye, on the Erie
canal, a distance of about sixteen miles, which it
was supposed would soon be completed; but, from
some unforeseen circumstances, the enterprise
failed. The charter, however, still exists, and its
object may yet be fulfilled. Such a canal would
secure a communication with all the great thor-
oughfares of the State, with Lake Erie, the Ohio
and Hudson rivers, and with the great internal
channels of communication of Pennsylvania. Such
a canal properly made, would also afford valuable
and cheap water power, which would gieatly en-
hance the advantages of the position in a military
aspect, and in developing its commercial value.
From the great length of time which has elapsed
since these piers were constructed, it is hardly ne-
cessary to say that they are much decayed from
the water line, and above, being made of timber
cribs, loaded with stone. They now need exten-
sive repairs, and will probably, in about a year,
have to be rebuilt from the water surface. The
officer in charge of the work reports, that the
worxing season being far advanced when the ar-
rived there, he had confined his operations to the
western and most exposed pier. A portion of it,
contiguous to the beach, had settled very much
on the lake side. ThS planks being decayed and
broken, were torn off, and much of the load-
ing of the cribs washed out; and, on further ex-
amination, it was found that many of the lower
timbers were also much decayed. Three hundred
and eighteen feet of this pier have already been
renewed, and no doubt is entertained, should the
weather continue favorable, that the whole of
this pier will be made secure by the requisite
repairs during the present season. The east-
ern pier, being much sheltered by the one
on the west, was not considered'as requiring such
immediate attention. Its condition is, however,
very precarious, and the pier-head has. been seri-
ously injured. The planks have beeft swept off,
as well as one of the courses of timber, and the
stone in many places washed out. These parts
will be repaired this season, as also a partial
breach in this pier, near its connection with the
harbor pier. The only estimate submitted in refer-
ence to this harbor is for those immediate and es-
sential repairs which will require to he made
during the next season, amounting to §10,000*, but
it is contemplated, in time for the report of next
year, to have that thorough and minute examina-
tion of the whole line of harbor and entrance
piers at this place which will enable the bureau
to present to the consideration of Congress a final
estimate for the rebuilding of these crios, and for
the replacing of parts above water with imperisha-
ble materials."
In 1845. " This is an extremely fine bay, of
great capacity and depth, about fifteen miles from
the Erie Canal, but as yet without any connection
with it, which deficiency alone limits its advan-
tages for a great military and naval depot. The
work for this season, at this place, was confined
exclusively to the eastern channel pier; the west-
.ern pier having been thoroughly repaired last sea-
son. The zeal of the agent induced him to tearu#
the entire length of the pier before commencingihe
repairs, and the amount of money on hand was
not sufficient to complete the rebuilding of it; how-
ever, 498 feet in length of the pier was entirely re-
newed; that is, all the decayed timbers were taken
out and replaced with new, and covered with new
three-inch pine plank. For 4-15 feet mote the de-
cayed timbers have, been taken out and renewed,-
but not planked. The remaining portion of the
pier, 180 feet in length, although stripped of all the
decayed timber, and the stone piled up,along the
centre of it, is not in a more precarious condition
than before; the timber taken out being so very
much decayad as to be incapable of resisting any
great shock of the waves; and from its position,
being close in and adjoining the harbor pier, it is
not exposed to any great shock."
The amount of the present b.ll is considered suf-
ficient for the present fiscal year.
Line 21. Little Sodus Bay,Lake Ontario.
Thi3 is a highly important harbor, but a new
work. The report, plan, 8nd estimate in refer-
ence to this harbor, of 1845, are hereto appended.
The amount proposed in the bill is sufficient for
the present fiscal year. "
Line 23. Harbor at the mouth of Genesee river.
Appropriations for this work have been made in
1829, '30, '31, '32, '33, '34, *35, *36, *37, '38, '44,
amounting to $158,395.
The following remarks in reference to this har-
bor are taken from the annual report of 1844.
" Genesee harbor. Mouth of Genesee river,
32 miles west of Big Sodus Bay. The works at
this place are in the most wretched condition. The
east pier-head is entirely gone for several feet under
water, and also about two hundred and fifty feet
in length of the crib-work. There are, also, two
breaches in this pier, one of which is 156 feet long,
the other about 30; and the remainder of the pier
is very much decayed. The west pier is but little
better, the pier-head much damaged by storms,
and a portion of the stone loading washed out; 210
feet of this pier has settled unequally, the top tim-
bers on the lake side being m some places under
water; but yet the good effect of these piers upon
the entrance is remarkable, and continue, with all
the injuries the piers have received. Previous to
their erection, the entrance to the river was shal-
low, shifting and dangerous; since they were put
up, and even in their present dilapidated condition,
the entrance is deep, fixed, and sife, affording
throughout a channel of about 15 feet of wateh
The harbor is about six miles from Rochester, at
which place the Erie Canal crosses the Genesee
river. Its trade was at one time of some import-
ance, but it has gradually diminished,.owing, with-
out dotiWt, principally to the want of a water com-
munication between the harbor or landing-places
and the canal. Its central position, however, its
contiguity to the canal, remoteness from any po-
sition of an enemy, and the vast ability of Roches-
ter to furnish supplies for an army, combine to
render it of great importance for military and
naval stores. There is a great quantity of stone
belonging to Government at this harbor, much of
which is dressed and ready for laying. It would
seem, therefore, economy to commence at an early
period with the permanent parts of the structure;
but ! am not disposed at present to recommend the
adoption of a stone superstructure to a greater ex-
tent than for the pier-heads; these would about
work up the stone now lying there; but the pier
line from within these pier-heads should be
thoroughly repaired."
At that time, $44,000 was considered sufficient
to make the repairs and to complete the work then
contem plated.
Line 26. Oak Orchard creek. Appropriations
in favor of this Harbor were made during the
years 1836, *37, '38, '44, amounting to $20,000.
The annual report of 1844 speaks of this harbor
in the following words:
" Oak Orchard creek, thirty-seven miles west of
Genesee. This harbor must rest us principal claim
upon the patronage of the Government as a place of
refuge for the lake trade. Although the creek wa-
ersafine agricultural district, yet, from the proxim-
ity of the canal, but a small portion of the produce
of the vicinity will seek a market through this outlet.
It, therefore, cannot be expected to attain any great
eminence as a commercial place; nor can it claim
