1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
788
proper officer of the Government before said Ewiog wafc
inducted imo saiJ ofhi-e of tlie Interior; who were the
agents and attorneys lor ^uul claim ; what clerk in ihe office
of said DfpartnK-'titot die interior iiad interest msaid claim,
and how j-aid inter^t, it anv, was acquired.
'<M. VVlx'ilier i-aid Ewmy reopened and paid interest, to
the amount nf <j31,0.j0, on tli" pun-ion granted to Commo-
dore B.iiioii, for services rendered in the Virginia
navy during the revolnt ouary war, after the pnncipftl had
been fully paid an i discharged ; and if s.ud interest was
paid, was it simple or compound; who was tlie . gej.t or
attorney for said claim; and the authority of Jaw for tuch
payment, if any.
3d. Whether i-aid E«ving reopened and paid a claim to a
person or persons on behall of the Chickasaw Indians, ot
.•slU^OUO, aitei rhe same had been adjudicated and rejected
py the propt-i officer of the Government before s«aid liwinjj
W'ft-i inducted into the office of the Interior; who was the
a erit or ajents, attorney or attorsiejs, and who was the
party or paitie= in interest, and whether either of said
agents, attorneys, or parti'*.-, in interest, held at the time <>f
such pavment any office und jr this Government, or now
holds such office, arid ifso, wh.it oiiice.
4th. Wlrcuier ^inl Eiviutr ii-nrped the power of appoint-
ment in the Pen-ion and G.-ner U L ind Orfice, And wiieiher
the -Tiriie was a vn/1 ition ot law; ul<o, w lit t!u i auv cleik of
said K'.vin: V appointment leviuws the opinion and decis-
ion- nf tiu <;.)innji^-ioiicrol Pen-ions l>y ordei and direction
of said Ewnig, au.l it &o, the authouty for &uch order and
directum.
aili What p"r-ons in office, by Appointment from said
Ew nf!, are eoirc- pO'ir|ent> for newspapers, then sabine.--,
ami what papers ti.ey edn or write lor.
Objection having been made—
Mr. RICHARDSON moved a suspension of
the rules to enable him to introduce the resolution,
and on that motion, he said, he asked the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GENTRY desired to ask a question. *
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could do so
only by unanimous consent.
No objection having been made—
Mr. GENTRY said that he and, he thought,
most gt ntlemen on his side of the House were in
favor of some inquiry being1 made into the matters
referred torn this icsolution, and he should not
object to the introduction of the resolution, if he
could have the assurance of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] that he would not move
the previous question, but would allow him (Mr.
G.) to offer a modification.
Mr. RICHARDSON said, he would state in
reply to the inquiry of the gentleman fiom Ten-
nessee ['Mr. Gentry] that, so far as he (Mr. R )
"was concerned, the only object he had in view was
to elicit an inquiry. If there was anything in the
resolution which was objectionable to any gentle-
man in the House, and that gentleman would
suggest what it was, he (Mr. R.) was willing so to
modify the resolution, and to put it in any foim
which would effect the object designed to be ac-
complished.
Mr. GENTRY said he had no objection to the
introduction of the resolution.
Mr MOREHEA.D desired to make an inquiry.
M r. PR.ES TON KING, of inquired of theSpeak-
er whether this was resolution or petition day?
The SPEAKER, it is petition day.
Mr. KING. 1 so understand. 1 have no ob-
jection to make.
Mr. MOREHEAD (speaking by general con-
sent) said he concurred in tlie opinion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] tliatsome
inquiry into these matters sdiou'd be made, but it
seemed to him (Mr. M.) that the regular mode of
proceeding would be m the first instance to call
upon the Secretary for information. He (Mr.
M.) desired that such a call should be made and
responded to; and if it should then be found that
there was any necessity for the appointment of a
committee he would vote for tt.
Mr. CARTTER expiessed his desire to offer
an amendment to the resolution.
Tlie SPEAKER said that no amendment was
in order, the resolution not having yet been re-
ceived.
And the Speaker stated the_ question to be on
granting the unanimous consent of the Blouse to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,]
to introduce the resolution, (the previous objec-
tion not having been insisted on.)
No objection having been made—
The resolution was introduced.
And having been again read—
Mr. GENTRY said, I now offer a substitute
for the resolution. The substitute contemplates
precisely the same end as the resolution, but seeks
to arrive at it by a different process, and is more in
consonance with the courtesy which ought to be
observed between the coordinate departments of
this Government. I send the substitute to the
Chair, and hope that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] will accept it as a modification
of his resolution. If he does not, I then move it.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Rcsohed, That the Sficrptarv of tlx. Inteisor be directed
to lnlorni tin? H Mist* whether he reopened and pad to
W. O. and U YV. JSwnsg a claim ayanu-l ihe Hinted Slates
of $77,0M, which had been adjudicated and ujeuetl b> the
pioper offi er< of the Governmi nt bcioie the s-nd'Seeretary
was inducted into >aid oitiee ; that In: state, the natuio and
chniact«r ot said claim, the condition in which it w.v ,
and what action had been had on ii when he c,un<; ml')
othce, and the evidence on which it was allowed; that he
j tate who were a^ent? and attorney^ toi said chum ; wheth-
er any cleik in the D p.mment <>i Uir Intcnor had an) in-
terest therein, and how much lnUMe-t, i« any, was ac-
quired,
xM. I'hat the <>ud Secretary he l-o directed to inform the
Ilou-e whether ho r eopi-nrd and paid interest to tin  in«ai,ii
ot ,->31.1)03 on the petiMon <jr.mt< d to James Barion, for ser-
vice n-iuh red in the Vicuna nav\ dunnjj the revolution-
ary war, <v't< r the pnncipil had been full} paid ami «h—
charged; and if -aid int^re-t wa- pod, wa> it simple or
compound' H compound inten>f wa< paid, was if In (he
direction of said Secret,uy ? and wheihet he ha* authorized
in any en e the payment ot compound interest «n an>
claim; and that he fctate who was tlie agent or attorney fur
«aid claim .' and the law or authority under which lie paid
the same.
3d. That the said Secretary be also directed to inform the
Hou«e whether he reopened an.I paid a claim to anv p'-rf-on
or per.-ons ni behalf of the Chieka-aw Indians of ,vJild.0(K),
alter the .-aim: had been adjudicated and lejeciei b) im-
proper oflicer of the Govertimeui b'-fore tlie -aid Seeia.trv
came into olftce; that he inform the Hou-e fnliv w[i,itw.i>
the Minaiton of the .-aid i laini when he came into odice;
on what evident e, opinion, or authority , he allowed and '
paid -aid claim ; who u;w the a cnt or agent-, aftorney or
attornevs.and who wa- the party or paito s in inteie-t; and |
whether-aid agent, nitoruev, <n paiue- jn irucie-t, h Id at j
the tune of buch pajmenf, or now hold, any offict under i
this Government |
hfi. That the sa!d Secretaiy b^ directed to nitorm the i
House whether h<- < verei-ed tin; pmv/>r of .ippoinfui-nt of |
eleik^ in the Pen-ion Ofii<-e and the Geneial L md Oilicc ; !
and if so, hv wiiat authority of law: Ai-o, w hetiier any |
ch'ik appointed by him review-tire deasnins ot tlie Cmii-
nii-stoiier of I'en-Kiu-, liy order and dii 't tmn of -red c*i< -
t.iry; and if  n, that he -t«Ue the reasons and authority lor
such order and direction.
The substitute having been read—
The SPEAKER said, the Chair would state to
the gentleman from Tennessee [YJr. Gentry] that
the resolution lie had introduced as an amendment
to tlie resolution of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richard- ont] was not m oider, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope the gentleman from Il-
linois will adopt it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot do so. It de-
feats the very object I have in view.
Mr. GENTRY yielded to
Mr. MEADE, who said it appeared to him that
the course proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Gentry] was the proper one. The
resolution of the gentieman from Illinois seemed
to assume the guilt of the Secretary of the in-
terior 
Mr. GENTRY, (m his seat.) That is exactly
the point of my objection.
Mr. MEADE, (continuing his sentence,) and
he should prefer the resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee; and he thought they should in
the first instance call upon the Secretary of the In- 1
tenor for information; when they obtained an
answei, they couid refer the communication to a |
committee, (if a committee should be considered 1
necessary,) and it would ue for the House to take
whatever course they saw fit m lelauon to it.
He hoped the gentleman from Illinois wo^ild ac-
cept the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee
Mr. RICHARDSON, (Mr. Gentry further
yielding.) With the permission of the gentleman
fi om Tennessee, I must be permitted to say that, as
a Representative of tlie American people, it is my
ri«rht and duty to call upon this House to investi-
gate the conduct of the officers of the Government,
when reports have gone forth prejudicial to them.
I do not pretend to say, I do not know, whether
these reports are true or not. But 1 consider it no
violation of official courtesy to raise a committee
to investigate the charges made by the public press
of the country, and which we hear eveiy day on
the street, concerning the conduct of this high
officer of the Government. The official or^an of
the Administration and of the Cabinet has declared
that I will not press this resolution again m the shape
in which I first presented it. 1 repeat, there is no vio-
lation of official courtesy, i do not assume in the
resolution that these charges are true. The very
object of raising the committee is to inquire wheth-
er they are true or not. If I assumed in thereao-
|j lution that they were true, I should take another
h course of action. I should call upon the House
j! of Repiesentatives to prefer articles of impeach-
ment. 1 fee no necessity f. r the course which my
■ fnend from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] and my
1 friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] mdieat-eas
h necessary to he pursued before the committee is
j; raised, if the reports are untrue, if Mr. Ewing,
5! the Secretary of the Interior, did not reopen the
: claim of Ewing & Co. afteV the f-ame had been
; adjudicated by the proper officer of the Govern-
|i ment, this committee will do him no harm, bat,
i, on the contraiy, will satisfy the country that he
i' has done nothing improper. If die claim for m-
I terest of Commodore Barton had not been paid,
and the interest refused befoie the Secretary of the
. Interior came into office, if it has not been re**
i opened by htm, and the interest allowed, this
i' committee can do him no harm. Jf it is true that
t he has done these things, i want the country to
j; know it. it is with this view that I propose to
!; raise the committee. I do not propose to let Mr.
I-1 Ewing put forth his defence to th<> country—to
jj forestall (he public verdict before the facts can be
j; fully and faiily presented. That is the reason
\\ why I think we should not call upon the Secretary
j' to give his own account of the facts, but should
II have them thoioughty investigated and brought
j' out to the public by a committee of this House.
|i Mr. GENTRY resumed the floor and proceeded
jj with his remarks. It did appear to him, (he said,)
i! and he submitted it to the honorable gentleman
!| from Illinois himself, to consider whether the
|j remarks which he [Mr R.] had made, did not con-
|i stnuie good 8nd sufficient reasons for the course
jj which lie (Mr. G.) pioposed, rather than the
|! coursc which the gentleman indicated. The gen-
tleman had told the House that he made no
charges a^amst this high official functionary of the
Government—none whatever. The Secretary had
no responsible nor respectable accuser. What did
thegentleman from Illinois propose? He proposed,
on the groemd of rumor, vague rumor, which was
heard m the street, and which had perhaps found
us way into the newspapers, that this House
should enter into a grave investigation, by a com-
mittee raised especially for the purpose—a course
whi^h, as the gentleman from Virginia had ie-
marked—seemed to assume the guilt, the malfeas-
ftn<e,the existence of crime on the pait of that
high officer, which, if tiue, ought to evoke the
poweV of impeachment which was conferred upon
this House. Now, without questioning the fact
that this House had the right to do this thing—he
knew that the House was invested with high
inquisitorial powers, and it ougnt to be sensitive
how they cast imputations upon the honor of gen-
tlemen and the purity of high functionaries of tfie
Government without first knowing that there w-as
g. od foundation for such impuiations; but, with-
out questioning the power of tlie House, he suh-
! muted to the gentleman from Illinois, to eveiy
j gentleman in the House, that they were bound to
! exercise this power m a just and proper manner,
not m such a way as to become the vehicle of
; party clamor and party slander, but they should
enter upon the performance of their high functions,
1 which mijiht result in an impeachment with a view
| to inflict injustice upon no one, but with the object
j of inquiring properly into the fact3 in the iirst
j instance by a call upon the Secretary—and after-
i w'ards by a committee, if the response should not
I be satisfactory. He could not persuade himself
jj that any gentieman, even the gentleman from I 111-
j' nois himself, if he would candidly, fairly look at
[: the subject, would think the course suggested by
;i the gentleman the proper course for the House to
pursue in the first instance. What evil could
; result from the course which he (Mr. G.) pro-
posed? They called upon the Secretary of the
; Inleiior to report all the facts; the Secretary re-
' sponded to the call of the Bou^e; it was competent
for the House to judge whether that response was
" satisfactory or not. The Secretary would submit a
!| statementofhisconduct,and thelawand theautho-
' rity under which he acted: if he had been guilty of
j! malfeasance, if he had been guilty of any impro-
j t priety or corruption in office, or the gentb man from
Si Illinois or any single member of the House should
l'! consider his acts reasonable groin,d for such he-
;; lief, would it not, then, be competent for ihe gen-
j: tleman from Illinois to move his committee of
jj investigation ? When this House gravely under-
|j took, upon its own motion, to institute a commit-
