1B78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,
importance as a military position. But from its
being intermediate between the mouth of the Uen-
esee and Niagara, and its being the only point on
this coast between these places at which a harbor
of refuge can be made, it becomes a position oi
great importance in reference to the navigation of
the lake. The stream affords fine water power,
which, if properly applied, would, without doubt,
give to the port a respectable trade. The works
for this harbor have never been extended accord-
ing to the original plan, and are, in consequence, so
incomplete that but very limited beneficial results
have as yet been derived from them; and unless
the piers be extended further into the lake, all that
has been expended upon them may be considered
as an entire loss. No doubt is dntertained that
the entrance would be much improved, and the
object of making a harbor of refuge there be ac-
complished, if the piers were extended to a suita-
ble depth in the lake, and the dredge applied to
the bar between them. This bar is formed chiefly
of gravel, to'o heavy to be acted upon by the cur-
rent between the piers; and if removed, as it ought
to be, it will have to be done by the dredge.
" The works at this place were in good preser-
vation, requiring but little repair; and the appro-
priation of #5,000 will be applied principally to
extending the piers; and it is expected that about
five hundred feet of crib-work will be completed
before the season closes. The estimate for giving
to these piers their proper length, and for the
requisite dredging, submitted in a report dated
13th January, 1844, is for $25,000; from which
should be deducted the appropriation of $5,000
made during the last session, and there will re-
main, as yet required for this harbor, the sum of
#20,000, of which, for the service of the ensuing
fiscal year, the sum of #10,000 will be wanted."
The amount stated in the bill will be sufficient
for the present fiscal year.
Line 29. For a dredge boat on Lake Ontario,
#20,000.
These boats are essential to all these lakes, as
sources of great economy and usefulness. The
following remarks in reference to the dredge boat
are taken from the report before referred to:
<( In addition, however, to these estimates for
the several works on Lake Ontario, there is a ne-
cessity to have a dredge boat. But as such a boat
is wanted for all the harbors, it cannot be intro-
duced in the estimates for any single one, but
will have to constitute a separate item. It
should be a powerful steam dredge, adequate to
lift not less than one hundred cubic yards per
hour, of a tolerably tenacious clay, or of gravel,
from a depth of about twelve feet. It should also
have locomotive power adequate to move it from
place to place in good weather, and to tow its at-
tending scows, in order to avoid the.serious delays
and great expense of having the whole towed
from place to place by hired means. It should
also have the requisite number of scows to receive
the excavated materiel, carry it to places of de-
posit, and discharge it with sufficient rapidity to
keep the boat in activity, and it should also have
attached to it a good four-oared yawl boat. Such
a dredge boat, its scows, yawl, and equipment,
will not cost less than about #20,000, which sum
is therefore estimated for these purposes. The
expense of working the dredge at each harbor is
considered a proper charge upon the appropriation
for that harbor, and is therefore not stated as a
separate item."
Line 31. Harbor of Buffalo.
This appropriation is considered as applicable
to the old and unfinished work at this place, and
will probably be sufficientforthepresentfiscal year.
Line 34. Harbor of Dunkirk, Lake Erie.
Appropriations in favor of this harbor are for
the years 1827, '28, '29, '30, '31, '32, '34, '35, '36,
'37, '38, '44, amounting to #92^743.
The annual report of 1844, says of this harbor:
Dunkirk Harbor. The position of this harbor
is about 15 miles west of Cattaraugus. It was
originally an open roadstead, or small bay, ex-
posed to eyery wind except from the southward,
and admitting of landing only in quiet weather
with winds from any other quarter. The plan of
protecting the landing was by extending a pier
from its western cape, in a northeastwardly direc-
tion. The pier was 1,950 feet long, 600 feet of
which was an extension into the lake, its eastern
end was supplied with a pier-head and a beacon
light; the end of the pier-head being in 15 feet
water. In addition, there was a central break-
water 2,125 feet long, extending in a direction
rather more eastwardly than the pier from the
shore. The passage between the shore or beacon^
light pier, and the end of the central or breakwater
pier was 350 feet; but as this opening exposed the
harbor to the effects of southwest winds, within
the entrance and for a distance of about 700 feet
from it, to protect it from the surf in that direc-
tion, a short isolated pier was constructed 300 feet
long. These works were commenced in 1827,
and gradually carried to the extent, and according
to the plan described, before the transfer of their
direction to this bureau in 1838. After the trans-
fer, #10,000 was appropriated and expended in
finishing them. Much of the work has therefore
been built some years, and it should not be matter
of surprise if parts should have decayed, and
the work in consequence have become seriously
dilapidated. Of the beacon-light pier, about
400 feet has been nearly destroyed, and much
of the remainder seriously injured. Of the
long central breakwater, about two thirds of it
has been knocked to pieces to the water's edge,
and much of it below, and the remaining third
seriously injured. The small isolated pier to shel-
ter the entrance, being the last put up, was found
to be in good order. The work was the usual
crib-work of timber, loaded with stone. There
was probably an error in the alignments of the long
central breakwater, which, in order to save ex-
pense, by keeping it in the shoal water, presented
a concave, and consequently a weak line to the ac-
tion of the surf, which may have tended to hasten
its overthrow. During the last session of Con-
gress, an appropriation of #5,000 (upon whose es-
timate I am not aware) was made for the repair of
the work, totally inadequate to meet existing exi-
gencies; no directions were given, except to secure
the end upon which the beacon-light is placed.
The repair of this work will of necessity, from its
dilapidated condition and from its exposed situa-
tion, be very costly; #30,000 is the amount of the
estimate for repairs; this is upon the supposition
of rebuilding the central pier or breakwater upon
the old trace. I do not believe the work would
stand long, if so rebuilt, and therefore do not rec-
ommend it. The trace will have to be changed
into a curve, presenting its convex face to the ac-
tion of the lake, with its ends probably resting
against the ends of the old work. The work must
be strong; it is worse than useless to build upon
these lakes in any other way. As once before re-
marked, it is building in the sea; and, unless it be
desirable to have a never-ending series of disasters,
and never-ending demands for costly repairs, work
in such situations must be made of sufficient
strength to withstand the shocks to which it is ex-
posed. The survey of this harbor, although ade-
quate for all commercial purposes, is defective in
some details essential to a rigorous estimate. The
kind of bottom over which the breakwater upon
the new trace will extend is known, although its
exact depth is not given. Yet, reasoning by an-
alogy of adjacent parts, the depth assumed for the
estimate, it is believed, will not be found to differ
much from the reality. Acting upon these con-
siderations, an estimate for the renewal of this
breakwater has been made, amountingto #70,000
" The final estimate for the completion of this
work (see Doc. No. 115, 2d Session 24th Con-
gress) was for #253,806 The total amountappro-
priaied (exclusive of the #5,000 of last session) is
#88,446, which completed the piers to the extent
described. The balance of the final estimate was
to have been devoted, as granted, to the construc-
tion of the permanent superstructure for which the
works were prepared when operations were sus-
pended. But no additional appropriations being
granted, and the works being exposed in an unfin-
ished state, have experienced the disasters which
now call for such expensive repairs; in fact, it may
be said for absolute renewals of much the greater
part of them.
" The amount appropriated and expended be-
ing §80,446
Appropriation of last session  5,000
And the estimate now submitted for re-
newing these works and placing them
in a condition for the permanent su-
perstructure, being  70,000
Makes a total of   .#155,446
" Deducting this amount from the final -estimate
before referred te, it will leave for the permanent
superstructure, the sum of #98,360 yet to be ap-
propriated in conformity with the views originally
entertained of this work, after the repairs and re-
newals herein described. have been made. This
amount will be inadequate for a superstructure of
masonry, although it would be sufficient for a per-
manent superstructure of mineralized timber; and
before the question will have to be decided in ref-
erence to the superstructure of this work, means
will be taken to collect all essential facts bearing
upon a comparison of these two modes, in all tfteir
properties of durability and cost.
"We are now erecting the permanent superstruc-
ture of masonry at but two of these lake harbors,
namely, at Oswego and at Cleveland. The ap-
propriation laws having adopted that plan at these
two places, and the work having progressed at
each to some extent, it will have to be pursued
until completed. But it is believed that mmeral-
zed timber can be used at nearly all these harbors
with great advantage, in reference to cost, and
without prejudice to durability. Should such
prove to be the case, the ultimate cost of this work
will yet be brought within the limit of the final es-
timate before stated, notwithstanding the expenses
now required for renewal and repairs.
" The surface enclosed by the government works
at Dunkirk, is about 280 acres, of which about an
extent of 80 acres is excellent anchoring ground,
with wharf-room adequate to the transaction of
extensive business. Its situation is nearly mid-
way between Buffalo and Erie, and about midway
between Cattaraugus and Portland. It is in con-
sequence a valuable port of refuge, and is frequent-
ly resorted to for shelter from storms. It is also
the terminating point of the New York and Erie
Railroad. In 1838, the arrivals and departures of
vessels of various classes was 1,730, and shipping
to the amount of 778 tons was owned there.
Since then, no returns of its trade have been re-
ceived, but without doubt it has experienced, in
these respects, an increase proportional to the in-
crease of the lake trade, unless the dilapidated
condition of the works, by injuring the security
of the harbor, has occasioned it of late to be less
resorted to."
The amount proposed in the bill is sufficient for
the present fiscal year.
Line 36 Harbor of Cattaraugus, Lake Erie.
Former appropriations in favor of this harbor
are for the years 1836, '37, '38, amounting to
#57,410.
In the report of 1844, it is said of this harbor:
"This harbor is situated at the mouth of Cat-
taraugus creek, about 25 miles west of Buffalo.
There was no specific appropriation in its favtor,
but it was included in the general appropriation of
#20,000, for the preservation and repair of harbors
on the lakes, other than those enumerated, the
construction of which has been authorized by
law."
" Before the works, which now exist, were erect-
ed, this entrance was extremely bhoal, shifting,
dangerous, and often impracticable for the smallest
lake craft; it is now, in the unfinished condition of
the work, certain, deep, and safe, admitting of
first class steamers. Its commerce has gradually
increased, but the settlement experienced serious
impediments from the Indian reservation near the
entrance. The Indian title to this reservation be-
ing now (or about to be) extinguished, no doubt
is entertained that it will soon, like other places,
experience the vivifying advantages which always
flow from the enterprise, intelligence, and indus-
try of civilization. It is surrounded by a rich and
well-cultivated country, and towns are rapidly
forming on the upper parts of the river. The
stream possesses great capacities for mill privi-
leges of all kinds, having a fall of about two hun-
dred feet within thirteen miles of its mouth, which
is already applied extensively to manufacturing
! purposes at the town of Irving, within about two
and a half miles of the entrance. At the period of
inspection, the piers were found in great need of
repairs; but, as the #20,000 had to be divided
among several harbors, 1 directed only repairs of
immediate necessity to be made—such as were es-
sential to preserve the works from farther serious
injuries during the ensuing fail and winter, limit-
ing expenses on these accounts to $3,000- At the
same time, however, the officer in charge was re
