784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
tee to investigate these charges, it was in some de-
cree assuming their truth. If the gentleman from
Illinois would make the charges, if he would make
himself responsible for them and pledge himself
to the House and the country to maintain them,
there would then be a case in which a committee
could properly be raised. But until some respon-
sible man did that, he considered that there was no
propriety in the course suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois. On the contrary, the House owed
it to itself, as well as to the country, to take the
course which he (Mr. G.) suggested; it was the
only course consistent with the dignity of the
House, the only course consistent with a just ap-
preciation of its duties and responsibilities.
Now, he desired to say to the gentleman from*
Illinois, that he had prepared the resolution, and
had been trying aU the morning to get the floor to
introduce it as an independent resolution. The
gentleman's resolution had been objected to the
other day by the gentleman from Georgia, not be-
cause he was opposed to the investigation, but be-
cause the inquiry was not couched in proper terms.
He begged the gentleman from Illinois not to un-
derstand him, (Mr, G.,) nor any gentleman on this
side of the House, to interpose any objection what-
ever to submitting the conduct of this high func-
tionary to the strictest scrutiny. He (Mr. G.)
undertook to give no opinion on these points; he
would state that he had had no conversation with
the Secretary of the Interior; he held himself en-
tirely uncommitted; and if it should turn out that
he had been guilty of anything deserving the con-
demnation of the House, he (Mr. G.) should stand
with the gentleman from Illinois, and would go as
far as he who chose to go furthest in holding this
high functionary of the Government to a rigid ac-
countability; and he was sure there was no man
on this side of the House who wished to screen
him from it. The only question was, how were
-they to proceed properly, as became the high du-
ties and responsibilities resting upon them. He
was convinced if the gentleman from Illinois would
candidly look at the matter, he would see that the
course he (Mr. G.) proposed was preferable.
"When the Secretary of the Interior reported upon
the points embiaced in the resolution, then, if the
gentleman was not satisfied, it would be his right,
and it would become his duty, to move for a com-
mittee of investigation, with power to send for per-
sons and papers to controvert the statement of the
Secretary of the Interior, to expose his conduet and
to bring him to punishment, if it turned out that he
deserved punishment. But now, to judge him
first and try him afterwards—to assume his guilt,
and raise a committee to try him, when there was
no responsible accuser—what sort of a course was
that? Was that consistent with justice—with the
high responsibilities of this House? Should the
House exhibit themselves as grave legislators pro-
ceeding in the discharge of their duty to the coun-
try, to investigate the conduct of a high public
functionary from considerations of public good?
or as partisans, turning aside from the legitimate
sphere of their public duties, and making them-
selves a conduit through which the most malig-
nantanonymous hbeler might spit forth his malice,
and blacken the lair fame of those who occupied
high public positions? He desired the subject to
be investigated most thoroughly; and he hoped
that the House would pioceed to the work in a
proper manner. He hoped the gentleman fiom
Illinois would accept his amendment.
- Mr. RICH A RDSON said, he must say he very
much regretted that his friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] pursued the course he had seen fit
to. For himself, he (Mr. R.) was disposed to
take no other course than the simple, straightfor-
ward one. He did not desire that this thing
should be gotten rid of by indirection. He told
the gentleman from Tennessee, and he told the
House, that unless he was gieatly deceived, unless
he was greatly mistaken, eveiy charge put forth
in these resolutions would be established by proof
that no man could controvert or deny. He had
said that he knew nothing of the facts so far as
his own personal knowledge was concerned. His
information was derived from reliable sources.
His impression was that this claim of £ wing & Co.
was rejected by Mr, MediN, the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs under Mr. Polk's administration,
and that it so stood until the present Administration
came into power, and that it had then been reopened \
and paid. Such were the facts in reference to the !'
Barron claim and to the other claims, as he under- '
stood from gentlemen who were prepared, when-
ever this committee was raised, to come forward
and support them by their testimony. Gentlemen
objected that this was not the proper course, and
said that the Secretary should have the oppor-
tunity to defend himself; but could not that officer,
he asked, come before the committee and vindicate
himself if the facts would do it? Unlike the Sec-
retary of War, against whom charges had been
made in the public papers, we did not find the Sec-
retary of the interior coming forward and demand-
ing an investigation. There had been nothing
against Mr. Crawford but newspaper report; upon
.this report a committee had been raised, and were
now engaged in investigation. Yet gentlemen
told them that charges equally notorious and
equally condemning were not sufficient in this
case to induce the House to enter into an investi-
gation, but that if they engaged in it, they be-
came the vehicle through which slander would go
out to the country.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. R. yielding at request)
wished to make the inquiry of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] whether such a state-
ment as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] had made of his own individual belief in the
correctness of these reports, was not sufficient to
justify and require the House to raise a commit-
tee to investigate the subject?
Mr. GENTRY (the floor being further yielded)
said,suppose Mr. Medill had decided one way,and
Mr. Ewing had decided the other way, upon this
claim of Ewing&Co., were the House, therefore, to
conclude that tluslatterdecision wasacriminal one?
They every day invested these officers with judi-
cial power—power to pass upon matters involving
intricate questions of law and equity; and it might
be a question, at least, wheihei the piesent Secre-
tary had acted wisely and correctly, and yet if he
had not, he might have had no criminal intentions.
But the gentleman from Illinois, by his resolution,
assumed the criminality of the Secretary, he (Mr.
G.) thought.
Mr. RICHARDSON (resuming) replied, no,
that was the very point of the controversy. He
proposed that the committee should be instructed
to inquire into particular facts, and if they were
found to be true, to call upon the Secretary to ex-
plain the motives and reasons for his acts. The
gentleman from Tennessee said that the cases
might have been decided simply by the predeces-
sor of the Secretary; if that were true, and if no ap-
peal had been taken from his decision, he (Mr. R.)
doubted the power of an officer who subsequently
came in, to reopen and pay the claims. But this
was the very point of the controversy—the very
question to be inquired into by the committee; arid
he called upon the gentlemen present, if they
meant to give this subject a fair investigation, to
permit this committee to be raised. If it should
turn out to be true that Mr. Ewing had done no
wrong, that he had violated no law, he was safe in
the hands of this House. If he had done wrong, if
he had opened and paid these claims, and could
show no good motive or reason for it, then it was
proper that it should be known. As a Represen-
tative of the American people, he would not feel
that he was discharging his duty unless he brought
the Secretary to trial upon this conduct.
Mr. VINTON obtained the fioor,and yielded to
Mr.TVlEADE, who suggested certain modifica-
tions in the resolutions, winch were required, as
he considered, m courtesy to a coordinate branch
of the Government.
Mr. RICHARDSON accepted the suggestion
of Mr. Meade, and modified his resolutions ac-
cordingly; which was by substituting the word
" exercised " for the word " usurped,5' in the 4th
resolution, and by substituting tor the 5th reso-
lution the following:
"Whether anj person or persons in office, by appoint-
ment iroui said ftwmg, aie correspondents or editor.-, of
new*i.pnpcrs, niid what papers tliev edit or write tor, and
what their -alaries 5>
Mr. VINTON said, as a matter of course he
was desirous that all the facts in connection with
the transaction referred to in these resolutions ,
should be brought before House and the country; ,
but he was quite sure that the course which the !
gentleman fiom Illinois now proposed was without |
any precedent in the history of this House. He !
thought the gentleman would search in vain to
find any instance in which a committee of in-
vestigation of the conduct of any one of the Sec-
retaiies of any department of the Government
had been instituted—which of itself, the vety in-
stitution of the committee, was regarded and treat-
ed as a grave impeachment of the officer himself—
without in the first place there being exhibited to
the House a responsible accusation of facts estab-
lished upon which the inquiry was instituted. In
some instances these committees of investigation
(for there had been very few of them in the whole
history of the Government in which the conduct
of a Secretary of one of the departments had been
made the subject of investigation) had been insti-
tuted upon a memorial communicated to Congress
from some citizen of the United States accusing
a public officer of misconduct in office. The
first instance of which he had any knowledge
was that of a memorial presented here by a gen-
tleman who had been a Senator of the United
States, and who, having been appoin'ed minister
to Mexico, resigned his seat, and while on his
route to Mexico sent back a memorial to this
House, making a grave charge and accusation
against the then Secretary of War, the distin-
guished individual whose death we had all re-
cently had occasion to deplore. Upon these
charges being communicated, made by a respon-
sible accuser, a committee of investigation was
appointed, and the individual from whom they
came was sent for by this House, arrested on his
journey to Mexico, and brought back as a svit-
/fcsss. In all cases of investigations of this char-
acter they had been founded upon charges made
in the memorial of a citizen presented to the
House, or upon a member rising from his seat,
making the charges, and pledging himself to sus-
tain them if a comittee were appointed. That
was the case in reference to the charges against
Mr. Webster, submitted after he had retired
from office. It would be remembered that a mem-
ber of this House rose in his place, accused that
gentleman while presiding over the State Depart-
ment of embezzling the public money, and told
the House if it would give him a committee of
investigation he would make that charge good.
The committee was raised under these circum-
stances. In other instances, committees had been
raised, as was the case with the committee re-
cently appointed, and who were now investi-
gating the conduct of the Secretary of War
relative to the allowance of the Galphin claim—
where a public officer, for his own vindication
from imputations made upon his personal or offi-
cial integrity, had asked of this House a committee
of investigation. Now here was a proposition
which implied that this House believed m the
truth of the charges implied, to raise a committee
of investigation, which investigation, if it resulted
in anything, must lead to the impeachment of the
Secretary of one of the departments of the Gov-
ernment; and this investigation was to be set on
foot without any responsibility whatever. Now,
if that could be done now, as a matter of course
it would become a precedent for all future time,
and no gentleman would have anything to do but
to rise and move a committee of investigation
against any public officer, without any charge be-
ing made against him. In the case of charges
made and an investigation being entered into, it
was the duty of such public officer to leave all
other business, and attend, day after day, the in-
vestigations of the committee; he was bound to
communicate the whole truth respecting his con-
duct which might be called in question. Here
was a resolution which proposed to inquire what
had been officially done by the Secretary of the
Interior, in respect to the allowance of certain
claims in which he had no personal inteiest what-
ever, and in which, so far as he (Mr. V.) could
perceive, the Secretary could have had no improper
motive of action. Instead of calling upon the
Secretary to communicate the facts in his office,
in regard to these rumors, a committee of investi-
gation was proposed m the first instance, and
without a solitary specific charge being made, to
be raised—the appointment of which committee, he
repeated, was of itself a serious charge—a charge
which, of itself attracted the attention of the whole
nation, implying that the officer had been guilty
of such conduct as to call upon them, the grand
inquest of the nation, to take preliminary steps
towards his impeachment. Why if this was to
be the case, what was there to pi event fifty com-
mittees of investigation being raised m this House,
