1850.
THE €ONGkEs§f0f!AL mjmm.
tmi
dangerous obstacle in making the Harbor at night,
and during foggy weather; but the pier-head to
Sustain them, should be part of the pier structure,
and be made to harmonize withits intention and
Plan- . , ■
6th. As a general observation, the most costly
of these pier structures have been found to be the
most durable and the best constructed*in all eases;
iron bolts and straps should be used to fasten each
tier of crib work, upon that below it, these bolts
being sufficiently long to enter well into the second
tier of logs below the one they are intended to
fasten to the work. Where these bolts have been
omitted, reliance being placed on treenailing, the
work has proved defective.
7th. And in reference to filling cribs with stone,
as a general rule, it is not necessary to carry this
expensive part of the work more than two feet
above the water, after the crib has taken its final
position; that is, stone should be thrown in as it
settles, but the finishing should not contemplate
more stone than to raise it to the point stated. The
stone work should always be protected from the
action of the wave, either<#y a plank flooring over
the top of the crib, or by large flat slabs of stone
over the deposited stone, otherwise Che stone is
extreneely liable to be washed out, thereby calling
for expensive repairs. If a plank flooring is used,
it should be of three-inch plank,"feix inches wide,
and the plank not nearer than a half inch of each
other; and as a general rule, that part of the crib
work which extends into the lake should be raised
about five feet above the level of the lake, the pro-
tecting pier crib will often have to be higher. The
rule which should govern the height is that which
will prevent the sea, in ordinary gales, from roll-
ing; over the pier.
8th. The great improvement of all these en-
trances, Rince the several works have been put up
is of itself an ample compensation for all the
money that has been expended upon them. In
no instance has there been a failure; some have
succeeded better than others, owing to local pecu-
liarities and to the greater patronage whieh some
have received, and consequently greater extent of
work executed, and to the bolder character of
plans. But no doubt is entertained that all of
them can be rendered safe and secure entrances
for first class steamers, and the efforts and esti-
mates of the bureau will be to bring them to that
condition. In the early reasoning upon these har-
bors, it was considered essential to plan the width
between the piers, in reference to the size of the
streams running from them into the interior, and
in reference to the water which these streams would
probably discharge during periods of freshets.
This reasoning occasioned the distance between
the piers to be narrower than would now be
adopted. Experience has brought into considera-
tion another and a powerful element in tHe-some-
what regular flux and reflux of the waters of the
fake. These flowing into the harbor, fill the har-
bor or interior basin, till raised in its level, it
again returns to the lake with a'force sufficient to
keep open the passage once made between the
piers, if the interior basin be, as it is in most in-
stances, of adequate capacity. I do not pretend
to assign a cause to this flux and reflux of the
lake water, but the fact of its existence is beyond
a doubt, and of its independence of winds, al-
though much influenced by them.
9th. It is also essential to the safety of all these
entrances, and particularly so where they are nar-
row, that one pier should be extended so as to
cover the entrance, and form a brakewater.
Now, it" to these decidedly successful efforts in
improving these harbors, we join those considera-
tions arising from the rapid and extensive settle-
ments they have occasioned, the manytowns which
it may be said have been built up by the advantages
these harbors have afforded, the rapid and exten-
sive development of agricultural, mineral, manu-
facturing, and commercial resources which have
followed their construction, and to which they
have given life and being, the enhanced value of
land, and of all the products of the soil within
their vicinities, I belive it may be said without
feai^of error, that in no other case has the same
amount of Government expenditure done more to
promote national strength and national wealth, or
has diffused a more extensiv^or more durable
prosperity.
1 am unwilling to close these general remarks,
without a tribute of -respect to the memory of Ma-
jor Maurice, the first United States engineer who
superintended these works, and to 'whose excel-
lent sense, sound judgment, and faithful execution
of duty, the system and its success is so much
indebted.
I will now resume the mote detailed reference
to each place.
Conneaui Harbor.—Its position upon the lake
Shoi e has been already given, namely, about thirty
miles west of Erie, and near the boundary line of
the States of Pennsylvania and Ohio. Prior to the
construction of the works for improving the en-
trance, the mouth of the river was closed with a
sand bar, frequently dry, and never with more
than two feet of water over it; but at the conclu-
sion of the works which were erected in 1839,
and up-to this time, a depth of eleven feet can be
carried into the river. Prior to the construction
of these works, vessels had to occupy a danger-
ous anchoring ground in the open lake, and land
their cargoes at great risk and at great expense.
Commerce under such circumstances was necessa-
rily very restricted, and often attended with loss
of vessel and cargo. Since the works have been
put up vessels enter at all times with security and
discharge their cargoes with safety; and the com-
merce of the place has in consequence rapidly in-
creased.
After entering the harbor, the river is sufficiently
deep for lake vessels for a mile and a half. The
work was commenced in 1829, and was continued,
with small annual appropriations, until 1839, the
last appropriation being in 1838; and the total
amount appropriated for the piers was $43,805. A
final estimate does not appear to have been pre-
sented; but the yearly estimates much exceed the
amounts appropriated. The habit then was to esti-
mate for an amount which could be judiciously ex-
pended in a year, and to report effects produced,
by extending the work as far as the appropriation
would justify. In this way the good effects of
each year's expenditure were known,anU the best
justification offered for the further progress of the
work. An examination of these estimates will
also show that considerable amounts were for the
repairs of damage from the action of storms upon
the unfinished work, and to restore the decayed
timber of the first years of the work, and not for the
extension of new work. The west pier is 940 feet
long, the east pier 910. During the last session of
Congress $5,000 were appropriated for this harbor,
the whole ot which will be required for the repairs of
existing piers. As, for instance, the estimate and
expenditures of repairs this season, essential to
pieserve the pieis from the destruction to which
they were daily exposed from their dilapidated
condition, is $4,108, leaving on hand of the appro-
priation ot last session $892. But the estimate for
the thorough repair of these piers is .$14,712
From which deduct balance on band...... 892
and it will leave.  .$13,820
as yet necessary for repairs. Tne estimate lur ex-
tending those piers into the lake to fifteen feet water,
with suitable pier-heads, is $38,184, making a total
for repairs and extension ot $52,004.
It is not improbable that, in the progress of the
work, the extension of one pier can be so limited
that the opposite pier will constitute the covering
breakwater to the entrance, in which case the ex-
pense will be proportionally reduced. As effects
are observed during the progress of work, and as
it is a rule to extend furthest and first the pier de-
signed to serve as a breakwater, unnecessary ex-
pense will always be saved by stopping the work
in time.
The amount in the bill will be sufficient for the
present fiscal year.
Line 42. Harbor of Cunningham's Creek.
Appropriations for this haibor were made during
the years 1826. '28, '29, '32, '33, '36, '37, and '38,
amounting to $19,781 12. The amount in the bill
is sufficient for the present fiscal year.
The following is an extract from the report of
1844, in reference to this harbor:
" For this harbor or landing, situated about thir-
teen miles west of Ashtabula, there was no spe-
cial appropriation; but as it is virtually included in
the general appropriation of $20,000, it becomes
my duty to name it. In a repoit of a board of in-
spection of 1839, the following opinion is ex-
pressed in reference to this place: 'The board not
being of opinion that the wants of agriculture, or
of commerce, or of the business to be drawn to
this place by them, can he of sufficient ralueftfr many
years to justify the large expenditures necessary
to carry out the plans proposed in the localsg^nt^
estimate of 1837, does not feel warranted in rec- '
ommending them to the department. Should it
be deemed advisable to finish the temporary wfork
already begun there, the sum of $1,200 or $1,509
will be required.' The same board also, in a pre-
viouspart of their report, express a doubt of ids *
having ever been ' the intention to form a Imbcrr at
this place.' "
Since then, the increased agricultural and manu-
facturing products of the vicinity have much -en-
hanced the value of the harbor, the evidence of
which was placed in the hands of the committee
daring the present-session of Congress.
Line 44. Harbor of Ashtabula.
In speaking of this harbor the report of 1844
says:
" The creek which forms this harbor enters into
the lake about twelve miles west of Conneaut, and
has a depth of water sufficient for the largestclass of
lake steamers, for about one mile and a half from
its mouth.' Not more than three feet of water
could be commanded at its entrance before the con-
struction of the present works. There was also a
rocky stratum underlying this bar, which opposed
serious obstacles to increasing the depth; butat the
suspension of the work in 1839, a channel of about
nine feet deep had been obtained, noi, however,
throughout the whole width between the piers. The
piers are 102 feet apart at the beacon light; from
which point they diverge into the lake. The west
pier ^including parts upon which the shore has en-
croached) is 1,307 feet long, and the east pier 13
1,115 feet long The construction of the piers was
commenced in 1826, and was continued, with smalt
annual appropriations, until 1838, at which period
$64,149 had been appropriated and expended upon
them. The estimates and reports of the several
years during which this work was in progress show
that considerable amounts were required to repair
damages arising from storms and the slow progress
of the work."
The appropriation of the last session was $5,000;
all of w hich will be required in the repairs of ex-
isting piers.
For the extension of these piers to fifteen feet
water, opening the channel to twelve feet deep, and
for constructing suitable pier-heads, the estimate
amounts to $30 000.
The appropriation of the bill will be sufficient
for the present fiscal year.
Line 46. Grand river or Fairport.
Appropriations in favor of this harbor have been
made for the years 1825, 'xi6, '28, '30, '31, '32, '34,
'36, '38, '44, amounting to $65,598 29.
The amount proposed in the bill is sufficient for
the present fiscal year
Line 48. Harbor of Cleveland.
This well known and important harbor has been
so frequently described that more than the follow-
ing extract from the report of 1844 is not consid-
ered necessary:
" This harbor lies in Cleveland Bay, and ia
made by the Cuyahoga river, distant about thirty
miles west of Fairport. Previous to the construc-
tion of the piers at..this place, the mouth of the
river was always obstructed by a sand bar, and aS
times entirely closed. Since their construction, a
safe and deep entrance, adequate to first class
steamers, has been obtained. No further exten-
sion of these piets, for insuring a greater depth, is
required; but it is highly essential fur the security of
the entrance that the western pier should be ex-
tended about 250 feet further into the lake to pro-
tect the entrance, and to form an adequate break-
water against the more prevailing gales from the
northwest. The light-house should then be placed
on the end of this extension; for in the night, in
snow storms, and in foggy weather, it is essential
that the light should be upon the pier which is the
furthest extended into the lake. The extension
should, therefore, be finished with a suitable pier-
head for such a purpose. The pier should not be
less than twenty feet wide, and the pier-head forty
feet square, which would make the proposed ex-
tension cost about $10,000 "
Appropriations have been made in its favor du-
ring the years 1827, '29, '30, '31, '32,'34, '36, '37,
'33,'44, amounting to $149,413 15
The amount proposed m.the bill is considered
sufficient for the present-fiscal year.
