1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
89th rule, which defines the duty of the Committee
on Fubhc Expenditures, as follows:
« It shall be the dmv of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditure-. to examine into the state of the seveial Public De-
piuinent?, and pirticulariy into laws making appropriations
01 money, and to report whethei the moneys have been dis-
bursed conformably with ?uch laws; and also to repoit,
from time to time, such provisions and arrangements as
may be necessary to add to the economy of the departments
and the accountability of their officers."
Under this rule 'he House had constituted a
standing committee, whose especial duty it was to
take charge of the disbursements of money in the
various public departments. Let this committee
report upon the topics of inquiry proposed by the
resolutions of the gentleman from Illinois, if in
their investigations they found it necessary. And
if any gentleman desired to refer special inquiries
to them, let it be done by resolution, and there
was no gentleman on this side of the House, he
ventured to say, who would interpose the least
objection. At the head of the Committee on Pub-
he Expenditures, he saw was the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] He believed that
gentleman was quite vigilant; he had never heard
that he was indisposed to the discharge of such
doty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, interposed, (the
floor being yielded for explanation,) and referred
the gentleman to the 78th rule, which, he said,
devolved the same duties upon the Committee of
Ways and Means; and he said, by reference to
other rules, the gentleman would find that six ad-
ditional committees had been constituted, upon
whom the same duties had been devolved. So
far as he was concerned, and he thought he might
say the same with reference to the other members
of the Committee on Public Expenditures, that
commiteee were exceedingly anxious to know
what their duties were. They found their duties
divided and distributed between five or six com-
miitees, and the committee were really at a loss
to know what their duties were*
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said, that the
other rules to which the gentleman had refer-
red did but strengthen the position which he had
taken. The duty of examining into the accounts
of the departments was now assigned by the
standing rules of the House, to some fifty gentle-
men, composing five or six standing committees.
What necessity was there, then, for the appoint-
ment of an additional special committee at this
time? This investigation came peculiarly within
the range of the duties of the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures. Other committees had the same
general duty confided to their charge; but this fact
did not exonerate the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures. He would be glad to see that com-
mittee investigate the subjects proposed by the res-
olutions of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] but he could see no necessity for
the appointment of a special committee.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
spoken of this House as the grand inquest of the
nation. He (Mr. S.) accorded with the gentle-
man in that proposition. The House were, if
they pleased, the grand jury of this realm, whose
duty it was to inquire into all these matters.
They were to do it, however, according to their
rules, unless a case arose which did not come
within those rules. But should they not proceed
with the same deliberation and caution, and upon
the same fixed principles by which the $t-and
jury of a county was governed? How did the
grand jury—the grand inquest of a county—
proceed'upon such a matter? Either by present-
ment, or by indictment. Where was the prosecutor
here ? There was none. If any man came to the
bar of this House, or by a memorial presented,
made a charge against any of the heads of the de-
partments, it would constitute a sufficient cause for
the House to proceed instantly to the investiga-
tion. But no responsible accuser had appeared;
no specific charges had been made.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
would argue that the House should proceed in
this matter in the same manner as a grand jury
did in the case of a piesentment. The grand jury
of a county might present a bill, if any of their
number knew that a crime, or an act in violation
of law, had been committed. But would a grand
jury find a presentment upon the statement of
one of its members, that he had heard out of
doors certain charges made, for which he would
not vouch ? Never. In this case, no gentleman
in this Hall had risen and preferred charges, nor
had any tangible charges, made by responsible
persons, come from without. Upon this state of
facts, he was totally opposed to such proceeding,
to arresting the attention of the House, in making
su.ch investigations which might consume week
after week, and month after month, if they took
up the subject, and appointed committees to inves-
tigate all the charges floating in the newspapers.
Why, growing out of this very Mexican war,
there had arisen claims which had been allowed in
the various departments, amounting to perhaps
twenty or thirty millions of dollars. Suppose it
should be charged by these writers that one and
another of these claims had been improperly al-
lowed, would the fact of a member's coming in
and referring to these vague charges, presenting
neither the names of their authors, nor himself
vouching for the correctness of the charges,
constitute a case for investigation by a special
committee of this House? Should the atten
tion of the House be arrested in following up
such an airy, newspaper, ignis fatuus, and espe-
cially when the House had taken the pre-
caution in their organization, to raise stand-
ing committees to investigate all such matters?
The Committee on Public Expenditures, at the
head of which was the gentleman from Tennessee,
were opposed to the present Administration in the
proportion of six to three. He alluded to this
fact to show the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] that he could have ample investiga-
tion from this committee. He (Mr. S.) shrank
from no investigation, but he stood upon principle.
He was opposed to the further multiplication of
committees to take charge of this subject. Let
the Committee on Public Expenditures, composed
of competent men, as he believed they were, bring
forward any charge against the head of this de-
partment, as to the propriety of disbursements
made under his authority, or let them report any
law which they considered necessary to regulate
these disbursements, and they should have his aid.
If, moreover, they wished the power to send for
persons and papers, they had but to make the
request and it would be cheerfully granted by his
side of the House. He saw, therefore, no neces-
sity for the app&intment of this special committee.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, remarking that this
question had been discussed about three hours,
and in an able manner by gentlemen on both sides
of the House, and that he presumed the House
was now ready to take a vote, moved the previous
question.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said, before the
previous question was put he wished to ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] if he
would adopt his (Mr. S.'s) amendment?
Mr. RICHARDSON was understood to reply in
the negative.
Mr. MEADE appealed to the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, to allow him to make a
single remark, in which, he said, the gentleman
was equally interested with himself; and ho
pledged himself to renew the demand.
Mr. COBB withdrew the demand.
Mr. MEADE said he wished to say to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] who had
offered this amendment, that, for one, he was
willing that the proposition should be adopted by
the House. He was well acquainted with some
of the individuals who were pointed to in that reso-
lution. One of them was a member of the late
Cabinet. In his behalf, he (Mr. M.) courted an
investigation, and he pledged himself to vote for
the resolution whenever the gentleman might in-
troduce it. And he took the liberty, and he did
not fear the responsibility, of pledging his side of
the House to vote for it also.
In accordance with his pledge, Mr. M. renewed
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr Meade] to with-
draw the motion, to allow him (Mr. E.) to make
a single remark.
Mr. MEADE declined to withdraw, having
made the motion in accordance with his pledge to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was rejected.
And the question having been taken, there was
a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was first on agreeing to
the amendment of the gentlerfian from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] striking out the words " select com-
mittee," and inserting " the Committee on Public
Expenditures."
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 77, noes 82.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson.]
$dr. RICHARDSON asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. GENTRY said, he asked leave to repeat
the notification which he had this morning given
to the House, that if this resolution was voted
down, he should immediately offer the one which
he had offered in the early part of the day.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 95, nays 73, as follows:
5fEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bisstill, Bocock, Booth, Bowrion, Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G,
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, Cart-
tei, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Dimmick, Dis ney,
Doty, Dunham. Purkee, Edmundson, Ewirig, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Giddings, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan", Isham G. Harris, Samp-^oa
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Raymond, Hoagland, Holla-
day, Howard. Hubbard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, Rohett W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Preston King,
La F£re, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Ma^on, McCler-
nand, McDonald* McLanaban, Robert M. McLane, Mc-
Mullen, McWillie, Meacham, Meade,Miller. Millson, Olds,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson,
Rohhins, Robinson, Root, Ross, SawteJIc, Shepperd, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Ptanton, Stetson, Strong,
Sweeper, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
William Thompson, Walden, Wellborn, Wentworth, Wil-
dnok, Williams, and Wood—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Baker, Bennett, Bo-
kee, Breck, Brigg«, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, J. P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Ca«ey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole,
Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixcn,
Oner, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Fowler, Fieedley,Gentry,
Gould, IJallmvay, Hampton, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Kerr,
Daniel P. King, George G. King. James G King, John A.
King,Matteson,McGaughey, McKissock,FinisE. McLean,
Moore, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Oti6,
Phoenix, Pitman, Reynolds,Rockwell, Rose,Rumsey, Saek-
ett, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprngue, Stanly, Alexander H. Ste-
phen*, Taylor, John B. Thompson,Thurman, Toombs,Un-
derbill, Van Dyke, Vmton, White, and Winthrop—73.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Territories,
by unanimous consent, reported a bill No. 250, to
cieate the office of surveyor general of public
lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey,
and to make donations to settleis of said public
lands, accompanied by a report in writing; which
said bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on public
lands, and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution of Mr. Richardson
had been adopted, and moved that that motion be
laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. STANLY asked the unanimous consent©f
the House to offer a resolution, and gave notice,
that if objection was made, he should move a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to waive his motion to
allow him to make a motion.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Stanly for unanimous consent to introduce his
resolution—
Mr. BAYLY repeated his request that the gen-
tleman would waive his motion for a moment to
allow him (Mr. B.) to report the deficiency bill,
merely that it might be referred, and the amend-
ments printed.
Mr. STANLY said the House could adopt his
resolution in the time that thegentleman consumed
in making the request.
Crxes: We will adopt it.
The resolution of Mr. Stanly was read, as fol-
lows, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform this House whether he reopened and paid to
W. G. and G. W. Ewing a claim against the United States
of $77,000, which had been adjudicated and rejected by the
proper officers of the Government betore the said Secretary
was inducted into said office ; that he state the nature and
character of said elaim, the condition in which it was, and
what action had been had on it when he came into oifice,
