792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
and the evidence on which it was allowed; that he state
Who were a"ents and attorneys for said claim; whether
anv clerk Department of the Interior had any in-
terest therein, and how much interest, if any, was acquired.
2d That rhe said Secretary be also directed to inform the
House whether he reopened and paid interest to the amount
of 531,000 on the pension granted to James Barron, for ser-
vices rendered in the Virginia navy during the revolution-
ary war, after the principal had been fully paid and dis-
charged 5 and if said interest was paid, was it simple or
compound? Tfcompound interest was paid, was it by the
direction of said Secretary? and whether he has authorized
in any case the payment of compound interest on any
claim ? and that he state who was the asent or attorney for
paid claim, and the law or authority under which he paid
the same.
3fi. That the said Secretaiy be also directed to inform the
House whether he reopened and paid a claim to any person
or persons in behalf of the Chickasaw Indians of $108,000,
after the same had been adjudicated and rejected by the
proper officer of the Government before the bald Secretary
came into office; that he inform the House fully what was
the situation ot the said claim when he came into ofhee;
on wb-tt evidence, opinion, or authority, he "allowed and
paid said claim; who was the agent or agents, attorney or
att rneys. and who was the party or parties in interest;
tfnd whether paid agent, attorney, or parties ?n interest, held
at the time of such payment, or now hold, any ofiico under
tills Government.
4th. That t&e said Secretary be directed to inform the
JIou«o whether he exercised the power of appointment of
clerks? in the Pension Otnce and the Generril Land Office ^
and if so, by what authority of law? A^o, whether any
clerk appointed by him reviews the decisions ot the Com-
missioner of Tensions by oider and direction of said Secre-
tary; and it so, that he state the reasons and authouty for
such order and direction.
•Mr. WENT WORTH said, that when it had
been said on his side of the House, that they had
no objections, they meant to the resolution of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.] And if
the gentleman from Maryland had any objection
to offering his resolution, he (Mr. W.) would take
upon himself the responsibility of doing so.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not now
before the House. The question is whether there
is any objection to the introduction of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
ST AN!, v.]
Mr. JONES. Does not the rule require that si
resolution calling for information shall lie over
one day?
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House re-
quires that all resolutions calling upon executive
officers for information, shall he over one day.
And it was upon that ground that the Chair
ruled the resolution out as an amendment to
the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois. But
the House can, by unanimous consent, or under a
suspension of the rules, not only introduce the res-
olution, but consider it also.
The SPEAKER now asked whether any
tleman objected to the introduction of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly.]
Messrs. J, CABLE, CARTTilR, and BROWN,
of Mississippi, severally rose and objected. i
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to suspend the ;
rules, and I ask the yeas and nays. !
Mr. MEADE desnul to surest to the gentle- 1
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] that a
modification of the resolution might be made which ]
would probably render it acccptable to the whole j
House.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman could |
proceed by unanimous consent. }
No objection having been made—• ;
Mr. MEADE said the modification he wished
to suggest was, that the communication should be h
addressed to the committee instead of the House. :
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
House do now adjourn. '■
Tne yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and i
beif'lken, were—yeas GG. nays 90. !
So the House refused to adjourn. •'
The question then recurred on the demand of
Mr. Stanly for the yeas and nays on his motion
to suspend the rules.
The" yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER said no question had inter-
vened sir.ee the House had mused to adjourn, and
therefore the motion was not in oider.
Mr. KAUFMAN suggested that the yeas and '
nays had bosn ordered.
Some conversation took place between Mr. Mc-
Lane of Miryland, and Mr. Staxlt— J
Mr. McLANE inquiring whether this paper,
when it came, was to be referred to the committee ? |
Mr. STANLY said of course. j
Mr. McLANE then said of course without
being printed ?
Mr. STANLY said that was a question for the
House to decide.
Mr. L1TTLEFIELD desired to ask a question.
Mr. VINTON said, that if the information
came to this House, it would, as a matter of
course, go to the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. Yes—but is it to be printed ?
Mr. VINTON made a remark not distinctly
heard, but which was understood to be an expres-
sion that he should not ask for the printing anterior
to the report of the investigating committee.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said it was im-
portant that there should be a distinct understand-
ing on that point.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the demand for
the yeas and nays should lie withdiawn.
The SPEAKER said it could only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALL objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker,
whether if the House should now adjourn, the
subject would not be the first business in oider on
Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
not in order, for the reason stated by the Chair.
But if the House should adjourn, leaving the
question undisposed of, it would come up as the
unfinished business oil the fiist day on which
motions to suspend the rule would be in order.
Mr. BAYLY rose to inquire whether he had
understood the gentleman [Mr. Vinton] on the
other side of the House to say that the paper would
be referred without printing ?
No answer was made—or, if made, it was not
heard.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 9G, nays 44, as follows:
YI3AS—Alexander, AUen, Albtun, Bennett, I'o-
coek, liokofi, lirtiek, tSrookJ, Burrows, Unit, Ches-
ter tSurlei', Jo.s< ph P. Ca!<lwe!!, Campbell, Ca.^ey, Cflamiler,
(Jliirke, t'ini<iii!an, Williamson It. VV. Cobb, Cole, Uoim'rj
Corwm, Orowt'U, Debury, ihekey, Disney, Dixon, tloty,
liner, tlnncin, E im'ui.Ucm, Alexander traits Fouiei,
l''reed!ey, Om.iv, GouM, liaiimvay, Hampton. Harlan,
tJaymmid, tiemy, lleiladay, Howe, tnae, Andrew Johnson,
Kerr, D.imei i'. Kin;,', George G, Kni^, James <!■ King, John
A Kini;, Prei-ton Kni;j, Job Mann, Matteion, MeGtUiitiey,
MeKis&oek, Pnnrf E. AleLean, Meaebani,'Meade, Millson,
Moore, Morehead, Moise, .Merion, N"et?on, Newell, Otis,
Outlaw, t'honnx, Pitman, Potler, Powell, IMiirmni, Hey-
nolds, Robbing, Rockwell, ltuut, lion;, Xiiun-ey, Saekett,
Slieppeid. Silvester, topaulduia, Siaaiy. Snots;'*, Sweetser,
Tii} loi, Thti'auui, Umierlull, \ an liy ke, Vinton, Watkms,
VVentwoith, Wlure. Williams, ami Wnitiirop— 96.
:! Y,";—.Me-"i-. Alnert-.**n, A-he, Awrett, Cayly, Bi^seii,
i B<m In,, !n>yd, Juiepli C'.ibie, C\nrter, (Mevekmd, Duiimick,
i Uim'i.ini. i-\ :um istnn, Fu!!li\ i.all, Xlatamri-k1. l-.ham O.
ll.utis, ^.pnpson \V. 11,t,ns, Knbbaid, Jn--eplt H'. Jackson,
j lioneit Vv. Johnson, J ties. Knuipi.in, LUth field, .VteDon-
j nni, itjbert IU. SJeLanc, l-.illei, Parker, I'ea&leo, Piteips,
i Uieifaid*o:;, Fiedeuek 1'. ;,lanton, Pochard if. Stanton,
Alexander H Steph: as, Stet-on, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, J.ones Thompson, Toombs, WaUlen, Wallacc, Well-
born, Wilddck, ami Wood—14.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
The resolution bping thus before the House,
The question was stated on agreeing thereto.
Mr. JONES rose to inquire whether the rule
did not require that the resolution should lie over
one day >
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, a mo-
tion to suspend the rules will be required.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. STANLY mo\ed that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of considering
the resolution at this time.
The question was taken, and the vote was de-
clared to be—ayes 85, noes 47.
Mr. STANLY asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the vote stood 
ayes 69, noes 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, it was taken and decidtd m the
negative, (two-thirds not voting therefor,) yeas 84,
nays 45; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs, Alexander, Allen, Alston, Benn"tt, iU>
kee, Breck. Bogjs, Brooks, Burrow*, Bait. V. Batier
J. r. caldwell, Calvin,Campbell, Ca.ey, Chandler, Clarke!
I'Mynron,Cole,Conger, Convm, Croweli, Debeiry, Diekty
D'v.ii, Dae,-, Duncan, A. livans, Fowlei, Freedlej, «pntry
UidmriSte, Gould, i-ialloway, Hampton, Harmon,!. Henri'!
Koll.id.iy, Howe, lira, Kerr, I). P. King, Gi G. G.
Knar, J- A. King, P. King, Matteson, MeClernaud, AIc-
Gaugliey, Mciussock, r. E. McLean, Meacliam, Meade,
Millson, Moore,Moiehead, Morse, Moiton, Xeison, NeweJI,
Otis, Oatlaw, PhcDnix, Pitmaiij Putnam, Rpynolds;, Rock-
well,. Root, Ro5- , Rumsey, Sackett, Shepperd, Silye.ster,
Spauliling, Hmnly, Stronsr, Taj lor, Thurman, Tuck, Uncier-
hill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walkins, and White—S-4.
NAYS—Alhortsion, Ashe. AverwU, Bajiy, BiSsell,
nowlin, Joseph Cable, Ck vciaud, W. R. W. OobbjDimmicfe,
Duer, iidmund&on, Feather.-ton, Fitch, Fuller, Hall, Ham-
ilton, fiarnmond. /?ham C. Haiyis, ThomasL. Hams, Hub-
bard, Joseph W. Jackson, Jonfts, KanfrrLin, La Sere,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Robert M. Mc-J^ane, McCiueen,
Miller, Parker, PeK^le(^ Piielp-^. Richardson, Frederick P.
SrantOH, Richard SI. Stanton. Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson Walden, Wallace, Wildrick, and Wood,
—45.
So the rules were not suspended.
And the House refused to consider the resolu-
tion at this time.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, asked and
obtained the unanimous consent of the House to
report back from the Committee on the Judiciary,
the census bill of the Senate with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. T. moved that the bill and amendments be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and be
made the spccial order of the day for to-morrow,
and each succeeding day until disposed of.
The question was first taken on referring the
bill and on the printing, and was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be pi-inted.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee, asked
and obtained leave to make a minority report on
the same subject, accorapanined by a bill, ns a
substitute for the bill of the majority; which were
ordered to be printed and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of Union.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Thompson-, of Pennsylvania, to make the bill the
special order for to-morrow, and for every subse-
quent day until disposed of—
Mr. ROOT moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the motion of Mr.
Thompson, by striking outu to-morrow," and in-
serting "Thursday."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved to amend by insert-
ing " Wednesday." Agreed to.
So the bill was made the special order of the day
for Wednesday next, and for each succeeding day
until disposed of.
DELEGATES FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. VAN DYKE rose, he said, to a privileged
question. The Committee on Elections had, some
days smce, reported on the memorial of Hu^h N.
Smith, who was an applicant for a seat on this
floor fiom New Mexico. That report had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order of the
day for the 29th instant. In accordance wirh the
instructions of the minority of that committee, he
now desired to make a report, and that it should
tEike the same direction as had been given to ihe
report of the majority.
The SPEAKER stated that the Chair was of
opinion that the report of a minority of the com-
mittee was not a question of privilege nor a privi-
leged_question, hut that it had been the universal
practice of the House, as a matter of courtesy, to
allow the minority to make a report.
No objection being made—
The report was received, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
made the special order fur the 99th instant, and
ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the unanimous
consent of the House, and objection bc-jiv made
moved a suspension of the juie.^, to allovv him to
submit a motion that the bill granting bounty land
to the fcOj'diers of the jute war with Gneat Britain
be made the special order of tho day for the third
TucsJay ;a June next. •
Ponding this question—
Mr. JONES moved that the Ilousa adjourn.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman from AUibnma [Mr. Corf;] to withdraw
the motion, to allow him to introduce the resolu-
tion which he had offered this moriiing.
Mr. JONES insisted on his motioiij which being
agreed to, the House adjourned.
