1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DOTY gave notice that on Monday next
he would move the adoption of the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
Ilou.-'e on file state of the Union on the President's message,
transmitting the constitution of the State of California, shall
cea^o at two o'clock on Wednesday, the 18th day ol May
next, (if the comoiittee shall not sooner come to a conclu-
sion upon the same,) and the committee shall then proceed
to vote on the proposition submitted in said committee and
prmfed by order of the House, February 27, 1850, as fol-
lows :
A BILL to admit the State of California into the Union.
Whereas the people of California have formed for them-
selves a constitution and State government, and applied foi
admission into the Unioa as a State; and whereas the said
constitution has been officially communicated to Congress,
and is republican: Tlicretore,
Be it enacted hj the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the State of California, with the boundaries described in
tile said constitution, shail he one, and is neieby declared
to he one, of the United State* of America, ami admitted
into the Union on an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatever.
Bee. a Jhid lie it farther enacted, The said State of Cali-
fornia shall never interiere vv.th the pihnaiy disposal of the
soil within the same by the United States, nor with any
regulations Congress may make for seeuiing the title in such
soil to bona fule purcnasers thereof; and no tax shall he
imposed on lands the property of the United States; which
said provisions are hereby declared to be fundamental con-
ditions upon which the said State is admitted into the
Union.
And that said committee also proceed to vote on such
amendments as may be pending or offered to the same, and
report the said bill to the House with such amendments as
may have been agreed to by the committee.
IN SENATE.
Monday, *lpril 22,1850.
Mr. CLAY. I have several petitions with
which to trouble the Senate. The first la the pe-
tition of four citizens of the State of Kentucky,
who state in their petition that each of them has
lost a slave. The four have lost four slaves of very
great value. That these slaves have taken refuge
in the State of Ohio, and that it is in vain for them
to attempt to recapture them; that they cannot go
there and attempt to recover their property with-
out imminent hazard to their lives. They state
that by the Constitution of the United States they
are entitled to the delivery of their property, thus
fled from them, to them; that it is the duty of the
Government of the United States to execute that
portion of the Constitution, and, failing m the per-
formance of that daty, they contend that they have
a right to ask from the United States a compensation
for the property they have lost in consequence of
the failure of the Government of the United States!
to execute that provision of the Constitution. The
petition, sir, is exceedingly well drawn up; it
states the whole argument, and states it admirably.
I do not believe that any jurist m the country,
though he might have stated it in more eloquent
language, could have stated with more force their
demand that this provision of the Constitution
should be complied with, or that they should re-
ceive compensation for these slaves. I should be
glad if this petition were printed. It comes from
men with whom, it is true, I am not very well ■
acquainted; but, coming as it does from a class of i
farmers urging their own cause in their own lan- |
guage, it appears to be deserving of the attention j
of the Senate. I move that the reading of the pe- '
tition be dispensed with, that it be laid upon J,he
table, and printed.
The petition which the honorable Senator pre-
sented, with the foregoing observations, is the
petition of James N. Pennctt, Wm. Coppage, and
two other citizens of the county of Pendleton, in
the State of Kentucky. It .sets forth that, by
article one, section one, of the Constitution of the
United States, Congress is vested with legislative
powers, and by article first, section eight, it is
made their imperative duty to pass all laws neces-
sary to carry the powers thereby granted to the
Government of the United States into effect; while,
by article sixth, section second, the laws made
under the Constitution by Congress are the su-
preme laws of the land; and in protection of pri-
vate personal rights, and the rights of property by
the fourth article, section two, it is provided that
no person held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein,
be discharged from such service or labor, but shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom
such service or labor may be due. They further
say, that they possess by birth the proud privilege
of citizenship in Kentucky, and reside upon its
borders, in the county of Pendleton, south of and
adjacent to the Ohio river and the State of Ohio.
That, under the laws of Kentucky, there is due to
them respectively both the services and labor of
four certain negro men servants, of the value of
§1,000 each, who, within the last six weeks, by
the long-continued unlawful acts, mischievous con-
troversies, and impertinent intermeddling with
their concerns, by persons residing in non-slave-
holding States, have induced their negroes to es-
cape into the State of Ohio, where, in consequence
of combinations and associations of persons there-
in, the said negroes are discharged from the labor
due the petitioners, in violation of th.eir rights
under the laws of Kentucky and of the Constitu-
tion. That they are inhibited from pursuing, by
themselves or agents, to make claim for these ser-
vants, by reason of mobs of lawless persons and
brute force, which they might have done had Con-
gress passed all laws under the Constitution neces-
sary to effectuate those guarantees that Congress
can alone afford. They ask, in absence of due
and efficient laws emanating from the Government
in protection of their rights, that Congress will do
them the justice which is commensurate with the
wrong sustained, by granting them a full equiva-
lent in money for the value of their servants.
The petition was laid upon the table, and the
question of priming was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have received a
number of other petitions—lute petitions, I would
j call them—I suppose a score of them, praying for
! the repeal of all laws by which slavery and the
I slave trade are authorized in the District of Colum-
bia; that no State shall hereafter be admitted into
the Union unless the constitution of such State
expressly prohibit the institution of slavery, and
so on. They aie all those petitions, with little
slips of newspaper attached to the heads of cach,
issuing originally, I believe, from the print in this
city, and which have been dispersed throughout
the country and come back to us. It might have
been a little more convenient if the petitioners had
written on to somebody here, instead of paying
double postage, to send these slips out first and
then back again, and sent the names, and requested
somebody here to get slips and attach these
names to them. These petitions aie, however,
sent to me; and, out of respect to the right of
petition and to the petitioners themselves, who, I
dare say, are very lespeetable men—they are from
the folate of Ohio, and one from the State of Michi-
gan—out of respect for the petitioners—differing,
as everybody knows I do, upon all the points ex-
cept one—I present these petitions, and move that
the reading of them be dispensed with, and that
they be laid upon the table.
The petitions were; One from Green county,
Ohio; one fiom Almont, Michigan; asking that
slavery and the slave trade may be aboliohed,in the
District of Columbia, or the seat of Government
removed therefrom. Also, that no State may be
admitted whose constitution does not prohibit sla-
very within its limits. Also, that the right of trial
by jury may be secured to fugitive slaves. Also,
that slavery may be expressly forbid by law in all
the territories.
Neither being read, they were laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I have another petition, sir—one
which has been signed by a great number of citi-
zens of the State of Indiana; and one by the citizens
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania. These petitions
are signed numerously, one ot them especially, by
persons who nave been concerned m some one or
other of the various wars which have sprung up in
this country, including the last war with Great
Britain, praying for bounty lands to all those who
have been concerned in any of those wars. I be-
lieve a bill has already been reported on this sub-
ject; and I therefore move that the reading of these
petitions be dispensed with, and that they be laid
upon the table.
The petitions were accordingly laid upon the
table.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have one other petition, sir, from
Grace Denny Sergeant, of Massachusetts. She
prays that such a pension may be allowed, her
as is allowed to other widows in certain cases of
the death of their husbands in the public service.
1 move that the reading of this petition be dis-
pensed with, and that it be referred to the Commit-,
tee on Pensions. " ' ■
The petition was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD. The number of anti-slavery
petitions which I find in my hand this morning .is
very much reduced; and/.attribute this, to tbi?
circumstance that persons who take a deep interest
in that subject have thought it desirable—and have
accoidingly done so—to enlist the support of the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky in behalf of
their views. I find, therefore, that my number of.
petitions is reduced by the number which, .I am
glad to see, the Senator from Kentucky has pre-
sented.
I present a petition from citizens 'of New York,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage to two
cents on all piepaid letters of not more than half
an ounce. The petition was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. S. also piesented five petitions fiom citizens
of New York and a petition from citizens of Mich-
igan, asking that slavery and the slave trade may
be abolished in the District of Columbia, or the
seat of Government removed therefrom.
Also, a like number of petitions from the same
places, asking that slavery and the slave trade may
be prohibited in all the territories by express
law.
Also, a like number from the same places, ask-
ing that no State may hereafter be admitted whose
constitution does not expressly prohibit slavery
within its limits.
Also, a like number from the same places, ask-
ing that the right of trial by jury may be secured
to fugitive slaves when arrested in any other State
than that in which their service is claimed; all of
which were severally ordered to be laid on the
table.
Mr. WALKER presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of New Jersey, held at Rice-
ville, in that State, in favor of an act gi anting the
public lands m limited quantities to actual settlers
free of cost; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WH1TCOMB submitted documents rela-
ting to the claim of Francis Mortimer, a revolu-
tionary soldier, to a pension; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAY l'WN presented the proceedings of a
meeting held at Riceville, m that State, in favor of
the enactment of a lav/ granting the public lands
in limited quantities to actual settlers free of cost;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of Samuel W. Chilson, asking pay for
services under a contract with the Post Office De-
partment, submitted a report, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill for the relief
of Sam!. W. Chilson; which was read and ordered
to'a second reading.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred House
bill for the relief of Joseph Richards, reported back
the same without amendment, and lecommended
its passage.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred House bill for the
relief of John Plunkett, submitted an adverse re-
port on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRlSj from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred House bill for the relief of
George Collier and Wm. G. Peters,reported back
the same without amendment, and recommended
its passage.
TACKING BILLS.
Mr. BENTON moved to take up his motion of
instruction to the committee of thirteen against
tacking any other bill, or any foreign matter, to
the bill for the admission of the State of California.
Mr. CLAY. 1 will thank the Clerk to read it
before the guesfion is taken.
The motion was"read, as follows :
« That the said committee be instructed !o report sepa-
rately upon each different subject referred to it; and that
the said committee taclv 110 two bilJs of (M'^renl natures
together, nor join in the same bil I any two or more su bjeeta
winch are in their nature foreign, incoherent, or incongru-
ous to each other,"
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I feel it incumbent
upon me to object to taking up this resolution now.
There is a committee composed of six now absent
