794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
upon a particularly melancholy duty, well known
to'the Senate. That committee went away under
the impression that no important subject connect-
ed with the agitating questions of the day, would
be taken up in its absence. And, indeed, inde-
pendent of any such expectation upon the part of
the committee, it seems to me that it would not be
right for the Senate, in the absence of a portion of
its body, deputed by itself upon its own service, to
take up a subject in which that committee might
feel as great an interest as I feel. And, sir, there
are other considerations. I really do not know
how the Senate stands constituted at present; I
have not counted up. But, sir, this state of things
might happen: a majority of this Senate has de-
clared that it will give no instructions to that com-
mittee; a majority of this Senate has declared that
it will give no instructions, general or ^special, to
that committee; a majority of this Senate has de-
clared that, when a succession of, I think, nine
specific instructions were offered, it would give no
instructions whatever. Such was the decision of
a majority of this body. Now, sir, in the absence
of a considerable portion of that majority it is pro-
posed to take up the vrry subjects—not, perhaps,
in precisely the same language, but the same in
substance—upon which a majority of the Senate
has thus acted—to take up the same subjects, and
to act upon them. Well, sir, what might not re-
sult? It might happen—it depends, it is true,
upon the character of the Senate, and the opinions
of individual members—it might happen that the
absent committee of six constituted a part of the
majority who refused to give instructious to the
committee of thirteen; and yet the minority, in
consequence of the temporary absence of a portion
of that majority, might give instructions, and do
the very thing which a majority of the Senate have
refused to do. I do not think it right, therefore,
under these circumstances, to take up the motion
of the honorable Senator from Missouri, and there-
fore I feel bound to object.
Mr. BENTON. On Friday last, when every-
body was here, it was not right to take it up then;
and now, to-day, when the committee of six are
gone away, it is not right to take it up; and thus,
if we go on m this way, we will never be likely to
take it up at all. I have not said that I would ask
for a vote in the absence of a committee; I merely
ask to take it up for the purpose of discussion; and
I see no reason why it may not be taken up for
discussion now. It has lain on the table not only
twenty-four hours, as the Senate wanted it to lie,
but it has been three times twenty-four houis—
seventy-two hours, sir. It has got cold enough
now, and I propose (hat we should take it up. I
do not ask for a vote upon it. f ask for an oppor-
tunity to make sjood what I said to the honoiahle
Senator from Kentucky on Friday last. I ask
now that we go on with the motion which was ob-
jected to on Friday, because it had not lain for
twenty-four hours upon the table. I hope the Sen-
ate will permit me to go on.
Mr. CLAY. In regard to its not being taken up
on Friday, I will merely remaik to the Senator
from Missouri that it was not then in order to take
it up. There is no rcproach to the Senator, or any-
body else. He made a motion, but according to
the rules it could not be taken up on Friday, and
it was therefore laid on the table.
Now, sir, with regard to the severance of sub-
jects, which, m the opinion of any Senator, may be
supposed to be improperly united, whenever such
union is proposed, 1 submit to the Senator whether
that is not the most appropriate time to argue the
question of uniting those measures? Now, sir, I
undei stand the Senator proposes to take up the sub-
ject without any view of taking a vote upon the
resolution at all
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAY. With no view of takinga vote upon
it, but merely as a peg on which to hang a speech.
Well, sir, I am always instructed by the speeches
of the honorable Senatorfrom Missouri,and if he
merely wants to make a speech, if no vote is to be
taken, I shall be happy to listen to it with the most
respectful and devout attention, especially if the
Senator will then be content to let the resolution lie
upon the table. The Senator, the other day, held
up four tremendous quarto volumes which I be-
lieve he threatened to read from beginning to end,
[laughter,] and I confess I had no anticipation of
submitting to that without offering some objec-
tions. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MANGUM. You may answer him.
Mr. CLAY. My effort always is, sir, to keep
my mouth shut, and never to open it if lean avoid it.
And if 1 do, it shall be only upon some practical
question, some subject upon which a vote is to be
taken. However, I waive all objection merely to
the Senator making a speech, and giving us some
extracts from these four quarto volumes.
The question was then taken on the motion to
take up the motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON said:
Mr. President: This is a motion to instruct a
committee against tacking bills, or joining inco-
herent or incongruous matter in the same bill. It
is a new motion in this Chamber; but I expect to
show that it is a parliamentary motion, founded in
parliamentary law, and that the present occasion
is a proper one for making and enforcing it. The
word itself—the leading word in the motion—the
word tackf in the sense now used—is one of little
or no recurrence in this Chamber. I do not re-
collect to have heard it before; but it is a parlia-
mentary phrase, and has a place, and in the sense
in which 1 use it, in the books—in the books of
highest authority m law and language. Hatsell's
collection of parliamentary precedents is the high-
est authority in parliamentary law known either in
Great Britain or the United States, and the work
from which Jefferson's Manual, or hand-book, is
chiefly compiled; and that high authority not only
has the word, but has it indexed, as a head of par-
liamentary law, and a long list of references given
under it. Here it is, volume third, of the latest
London quarto edition, and at page 565 of the
index. I will read the references, and afterwards
use a part of them:
"Tack: Bills tacked to hills of supply, 218—225; in-
stauce in hill (A. D. 1675) for building twenty ships, 218,
linst India hade bill (A. D. 11598)218, protest of the Lotds
against it, 219; and speeches of Sir G. Downing, 218 n.
221 n.
"Tack; Standing orderot the House of Lords (A. D.
179-}) regarding tacks, 211) n.; occasional conformity bill,
220—223; appoinimtni of commissioners to inquire into
crown grants, attfinptt-d to be tacked to a money bill, (A. D.
1712,) but not permitted, 220; limitation of the number ot
officers in the Home of Commons, pioposed to be tacked to
a money bill, but negatived, 220.
"Tack: Alleged a* to matt bill, (A. D. 1807,) and new bill
ordered, 220; Iri^h customs ofhceia' bill, lack alleged, 221 ;
without foundanort, 221 n.; customs duties bill (A. 1). 17*7)
not a bill ol supply, and therefore not witlim the {standing
order of, (A. P. 1702.) 222 n.
"Tack. Is irregular and inconvenient in the statute
book, 221, 225; and when with a view to lorce the Hous?e of
Lord* or ih<- Crown to pass a bill f'isagreeable to either, is
unparliamentary, and even unconstitutional,222; reasoning
of the loids awnst H incontrovertible, 22^; danger of the
practice of tacking well expressed by the Lord Chancellor
Finch, 224, 223 n ; geneial ois rvations on talking, that
even a good end ought not to be arrived at by bad means,
224.—See excise, commissioners of."
These are the references in the third volume—
the whole of them. I read them all to bring the
whole law fully before the Senate, though not all
applicable to the precise case now before us. The
parliamentary law recognizes two classes of abuses
by the tack of bills, both to be condemned and
avoided, but one resting upon a still higher princi-
ple than the other. The two classes are: first, bills
for the suppoit of the Government, usually called
supply bills in Great Britain; called tax bills and
appropriation bills with us. To tack anything to
a supply bill in Great Britain was held a breach of
the Constitution, and dangerous to the kingdom;
because the Commons having a constitutional right
to originate such bills, the incumbering or defeat-
ing them by tacking on for*} n matter was an im-
pediment to the Constitution, and so a breach of it,
and might be detrimental to the kingdom by pre-
venting the supplies which the Government needed.
The second class comprehended the whole field of
ordinary legislation; and the objection to tackinc
in these ordinary bills rested upon the manifest in-
justice, and possible corruption, and moral duresse,
of uniting dissimilar measures, in order to make a
good measure carry a bad one, or be lost itself un-
der the weight of the bad one. Against the first
class the HouseofLords, in the year 1702, adopted
a resolution, and ordered it to "be added to their
roll of standing orders, that a tack of any foreign
matter to a supply bill " is unparliamentary, and
lends to the destruction of the Constitution of the Gov-
ernment;" with respect to the other class, no rule
was ever adopted against it, but it was condemned
by the whole body of parliamentaiy law as vicious
and improper, and to be avoided in every bill.
The case before the Senate is not that of a tax
or appropriation bill: if it was, the British argu-
ment of unconstitutionality and danger to the
country would equally apply; for, by our Consti-
tution, the House of Representatives has the ex-
clusive constitutional right to originate such bills ;
and to thwart or impede them, by tacking on ex-
traneous amendments in this body, would be to
impede the free working of the Constitution; and,
in ease of disagreement between them, might de-
prive the Government of the support necessary to
its existence. But the case before the Senate is
one of the highest class of ordinary bills—a high
class not known to British legislation—no less than
the admission of a sovereign State into the Union;
and the bills and subjects sought to be tacked to it
are flagrantly foreign and incongruous to it, and
openly proposed to be tacked on to make the State
bill carry them, or break down under them. This,
then, is a case of tacking, which presents the
highest enormity which can be presented by a tax
or appropriation bill. It is the case of a State ask-
ing admission into the Union, standing upon a
constitutional and treaty obligation to admit her,
and whose rejection, either by direct or mdnect
means, would by a virtual breach of the Constitu-
tion and of the treaty, and a virtual dismember-
ment of the Republic by keeping a State out of the
Union, and which cannot go back to its former
condition without going back to anarchy or self-
government. It is therefore a case of the highest
dignity and consequence—but little or any inlerior
to a supply bill in Great Britain or a tax bill m ihe
United States; and we will now see what the law
is, and what the reason of the law is, in relation
to it.
I now proceed to show what the law is with
respect to this tacking, and will show that it is the
same in both classes of bills, only differing m having
an additional reason (that of going to the destt no-
tion of the Constitution and the Government) in the
case of supply bills. Hatsell gives a separate
chapter, or head, to each class, one at page 218,
entitled " Bills tucked to bills of supplythe other
at page 220, under the head of" Obseivations." I
begin with the latter, and with the last part of it—
the observations of the Lord Chancellor Finch, m
the name of the King, returning a bill, by com-
frussion, with his dissent, bccause it was the case
of incoherent bills tacked together, according to a
practice of modern innovation, which he resolved
to abolish, and required Parliament to stand upon
its old practice. The Lord Chancellor said:
" The late way of tacking together several independent
and incoherent matters in one hill seems to aiter the whole
frame and conslilution ot Parliament-, and consequently
ot tlie Government itself. It takes away tlie Kind's nega-
tive voice m a manner, and loices him to take all or none,
when sometimes one pait of the bill may be as dangerous
fur the kingdom as the oilier is neei ssary. It takes away
the negative voice, ot the House ot Peer-, too, by the same
consequence, and disinherits the Loids of ihuL honor ihey
weie born to—the libert} of debating and judging what is
good for the kingdom. Itlooks like d kind ot defamation of
the Government,and seems to suppose l. e King and House
ot Lords to be so lll-afteeted to th« public lhat a good bill
cannot carry itself through by the sti ength of its own leason
and justice, unless it be helped forward by being tacked to
another lull that will befavoied. It does at last give up the
greatest share of legislation to the Commons, and, by con-
sequence, the chief power of judging what laws are b.;.-l lor
tile kingdom. And jet it is a privilege whuii may be made
use ol against the Commons as well as bv them ; for, it tins
method hold, what can hinder the Loid-. at one lime or
olher from taking advantage of a bill very uratetul to tlie
Commons, and much denied by them, to tack a new elause
of some (oieign matter, which shall not be altogether so
giateful nor so much desired ? and then the Commons must
lakf* all or none. Thus every good bill must be deaily
bought at iast; and one clnet end of calling Parliaments
(the making of good laws) shall be wholly frustiated by de-
parting Irom the method which the wisdom of our ances-
tor piescribed, on purpose to prevent and exclude such
inconveniences. These innovations the King resolves to
abolish, and hatll commanded me to say to jou, State super
vias untiijuas
This was the language of a British sovereign,
speaking through a commission to a British Par-
liament in the year 1678; and every word of it is
as applicable to us as to them. We have the same
form of government, adapted to republican action 
two Houses to make laws, and each a check upon
the other-—a Chief Magistrate to approve or disap-
prove bills—and a Constitution and parliamentary
law for the government of each. The evils of
vicious legislation; the evil of joining incongruous
measures together by one House, to coerce the
assent of the other, or the approval of the Presi-
dent; the evil of making good measures carry bad
ones; the destruction of all freedom and of all
purity in legislation, is just the same; the danger
of combinations for bad purposes is just the same;
