188$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20.
tions on this subject, leaving* their adoption or
rejection to the enlightened judgment of the mem-
bers of the House,
It ought never to be forgotten by the statesmen
who direct the destinies of our Republic, that we
cannot stand still whilst the civilized world is
moving forward with such fearful rapidity all
around us. We hav.e assumed our stand among
the nations of the earth. We have recently ac-
quired a vast addition to our territory, and now
the hopes and welfare of twenty millions of peo-
ple are embarked in our vessel of State. The
energies of our citizens have no parallel in the
history of the world. Our commerce covers every
sea. We are immense producers, and our manu-
facturing interests are moving forward with gigan-
tic strides. If we intend to afford a fair opportu-
nity for the development of thesfe interestsxand
their protection in the future, we must, to a limit-
ed extent, follow the policy of England and France
in opftning new marts for our productions, and
new fields for the employment of .our shipping.
We must have a sufficient navy to protect our
comrnercial marine against the pirates and savages
of the distant seas and islands where our hardy
seamen have penetrated, and we must be reason-
ably prepared for any sudden emergency of war
which may threaten us from the powerful and civ-
ilized nations of Europe.
I do not believe in the unlimited application of
the maxin%, " that in peace it is our duty to pre-
pare for war," either in public or private life; for
this accumulation of the means for human destruc-
tion frequently creates a belligerent feeling on the
part of those who are thus forearmed. But we
cannot close our eyes to the national danger of
having a rich commerce floating on the ocean with
no sufficient power to shield it from sudden and
total destruction; euch a' position of our Govern-
ment would vastly diminish its importance in all
its negotiations, and the happening of the misfor-
tune would paralyze our energies and bring bank-
ruptcy and ruin upon thousands of happy and
opulent families, if it is possible to avoid this
dangerous condition of public affairs, and to con-
nect the preparation for war with the peaceful pur-
suits of commerce and the diffusion of knowledge,
certainly this happy union of diverse and desirable
objects is a fortunate discovery of modern science
and amply worthy of our consideration.
The policy of Great Britain, France, and Rus-
sia, in regard to the creation of an efficient steam
marine, cannot be misunderstood. They have
entered efficiently upon the building and employ-
ment of this important arm of service. Great
Britain has now in commission one hundred and
ninety-nine steamers that are used in her mail sys-
tem or attached to her marine. France has sixty-
four steamers, and Russia thirty-two. Great
Britain and France hav£ adopted the plan of con-
structing ships for use in the mail and transporta-
tion service with the- supposed facility of being
readily converted into vessels of war. They are
laboriously searching out points over the whole
civilized world with which they may connect
themselves, arid are carrying the mails of a large
portion of the four continents, thus controlling to
a great extent the transportation and commeice of
these distant ports and harbors. The United States
have but eighteen steamers in all, and of these only
six are war steamers, and the remainder employed
in our mail service; yet we have a larger com-
mercial marine than Fiance, and will probably m
a few years excel England herself m this branch
of progress and wealth.
It is a universally admitted fact, that the whole
system and tactics of naval warfare have been and
are now undergoing radical changes from the ap-
plication of steam power to ocean vessels. What
may be the full extent of this revolution, it will
be impossible fully to divine, until a long naval
war between two Urge maritime Powers shall de-
velop all its advantages. Many persons of great
information and experience are impressed witu the
belief that but a few years will elapse before the
old line of battle ships and frigates will be super-
seied entirely by steam vessels, and the mode of
warfare changed. However this may be, those
who are most strongly wedded to the present
naval system are willing to admit the vast benefits
derivable to the navy Irom the use of steam ves-
sels uf war, and the hopelessness ot carrying on any
future maritime contest without their assistance.
Indeed, it must be evident to all, that in carrying
dispatches or orders, in chasing the commerce of
an enemy, in towing ships into line, either for a
bombardment or a fight between squadrons, and
in various other important departments, steam ves-
sels are indispensable.
I think, then, if we are to be governed by the
warns of our commerce or the necessities of our
navy, it may be fairly assumed that an increase
of our steam vessels is absolutely necessary, and
that the only legitimate subject of discussion is as
to the mode of the addition. Shall we build
steamers for war purposes alone? or shall we con-
nect them with the postal and commercial service?
The experience of our Governmentin the build-
ing and navigation of war steamers has not been
free from mortification and disappointment. We
have not attained the speed or efficiency in the
vessels which was confidently expected, and a
cloud of misfortune has attended our experiments.
The Missouri, on almost her first voyage, was
burnt in the harbor of Gibraltar. The Saranac,
after a single trip to Havana, has been placed in
the dock, and is now undergoing serious repairs;
and il is very doubtful whether, with her arma-
ment, she can ever carry coal enough to last her
through a long voyage. These misfortunes and
defects have resulted, no doubt measurably, from
some wajit of skill m our shipbuilders, and expe-
rience in the crews of the vessels, which may
finally be obviated by time and knowledge.
There ar6, however, two almost insuperable objec-
tions to any large increase of our steam vessel's of
war, which can never be remedied, viz., theirex-
pense and inutility except for war purposes. Gen-
tlemen tell us of the expense of building and sailing
vessels connected with the postal and commercial
marine of the country. They enter into minute
calculations of the various sums paid out for our
mail steamers, and they dwell in terms of reproach,
on the miilion of dollars which is annually ex-
pended in these ocean steamers. Sir, this is a
dangerous objection in their mouths. What"
would be the annual expense of thirty or forty
mail steamers, owned by individuals and supported
to some extent by yeaily appropriations, as com-
paied with the building, navigation, provisioning,
and repairs of a like number of war steamers? it
would cost twenty millions for their construction;
the wages of the officers and crew, with their stores
and provisions, the repairs on the vessseis, the an-
nual interest on the original expenditure, and the
c ertain loss of their whole cost from decay in the
course of ten or fifteen years, would form a fright-
ful picture in the case of war steamers; whilst
the only loss to the Government in those of the
mail system, (except m case* of misfortune to the
contractors,) would be the difference between the
postal returns and the annual appropriations tor
the service.
The second objection to their construction, when
contrasted with those of the postal line, is still more
obvious. It is a melancholy thought, applicable to
all our vessels of war, that they are built and used
mainly, if not wholly, for the destruction of hu-
man hie and property; their mission is one of
blood and vengeance; when they perish, their best
epitaph is, that they have proudly upheld the flag
of our country in many a well-fought fight, and
have vomited slaughter and death upon its foes.
This may be all necessary in the present condition
of society, and, to a limited extent, may long re-
main so; but it we could change their uses upon
ail ordinary occasions, into messengers of peace
and harmony—if we could make them useful for
the diffusion of knowledge, the increase of com-
merce, and the transportation of passengers, it is
certainly our duty to do so, and thus also incident-
ally destroy the belligerent feeling created by the
possession of a vast navy, bristling over with ar-
tillery and seamen.
Tnis brings us to the main subject of our inves-
tigation: Can an efficient steam marine be created
which shall serve the purposes of peace and war?
It it were proper to do so, I might assume that
ihis question had already been decided in England,
F.ance, and the United States; they have all built
and placed'in actual service, vessels required by
law to be convertible, on short notice, into war
steamers, and which have passed as such from the
hands of the ablest naval constructors in the world,
it may be that these scientific and practical men
have mistaken their powers, and that the experi-
ence of war may demonstrate the fallacy of their
experiment. There is, however, it may be re-
marked, no safer guide in this world, for the ad-
vance of the multitude, than to follow the lamps
of those who have explored furthest in the arcana
of science. I do not wish, however, to evade the
argument of the question by any such assumption,
and shall proceed to answer, as far as necessary,
the objections which have been urged. It is said*
that tlie decks of our mail steamers will never bear
the recoil of the broadside from heavy guns, and
hence they will be useless in war If th'is state-
ment was true, it would only follow that the re-
moval of these decks would be necessary, and the
substitution of others stronger and stouter. Their
removal could be speedily effected, even if they
were inserted into the keel of the ships; but as it
is probable in future they would only be screwed
on, this difficulty would then become stilt more
shadowy and unreal.
There can be no valid pretence that the keels of
the vessels are not strong enough to bear any
recoil of artillery, when they sustain the con-
vulsive and continued motion of engines of four-
teen hundred horse power, and weighing seven
or eight hundred tons. The delay of substituting
stronger decks would not unfit them for the emer-
gencies of war, and would only occasion a slight
additional expense. It might and would be very
dangerous to await the long and tedious operation,
of constructing ships during a period of war; but
if the Government possessed the means, by a lim-
ited expenditure, of placing itself in a formidable
position, it might well neglect the additional ex-
pense of such a movement.
There is, however, no foundation in experience
for the assertion, that the decks of mail steamers are
too slight for sustaining an armament.' It is stated
as a fact, that after the construction of the ship
Georgia, and whilst she was receiving her bed
plate, weighing forty tons, it fell through a space
of ten or twelve feet on her deck, and yet there
was no crash or apparent strain of her timber.
This circumstance speaks volumes in favor of the
strength of her decks, and the improbability of
their being seriously injured by a discharge of ar-
tillery.
It may reasonably be doubted, however, whether
steamships will ever be used for the carnage of
guns sufficient for the discharge of a broadside;
and without meaning to investigate this question
fully, it may be assumed as probable, that they
will only carry heavy guns on the bow and stern,
to be used mainly m the chase. This would cer-
tainly be their most usual and efficient employment,
even if their capacities should finally be tested in
a higher line of service.
We are told, again, that the aid of Government
to individuals creates a monopoly, and drives off
competition, which render the service dearer and
the accommodation less. This would be a serious
objection if it were well founded. But is it true
that we have established, or propose to do so, any
lines that would be filled by individuals? If we
were to-day to withdraw all assistance from our
contractors, and leave them prostrate, their places
would not be supplied by individual enterprise.
The only effect of such rashness would be to
throw our mail system entirely into the hands of
the English, and give them the carriage of the
mails of the world. Great Britain will never re-
"cede from her enterpr se until she girdles the globe
with her steamers, and shows the line of their
smoke along every point and headland of the
world. We can only supplant her efforts by imi-
tating her policy. Whatever nation of the earth
carries the mails and visits the ports of ihe conti-
nents, must, in a great degree, control their com-
merce and guide their destiny. Interested as we
are now in the fate of the West India islands and
the whole of Southern America—claiming as we
do, to some extent, the guardianship of this hem«
isphere, and its protection against the policy and
colonization of Europe—it would be madness in-
deed if we were to surrender into the hands of our
most dreaded *rival the control of the mails and
commerce of the very region to be protected.
Independent of the competition with British
governmental steamers, it is very doubtful whether
any profitable investment could be made by indi-
viduals on any one of our mail lines except those
to Chagres and San Francisco. The employment
of steam vessels is very expensive—the cost of
construction, the annual expenditure, and their
early loss and decay, form a combination of diffi-
culties which would greatly deter persons from
