1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
and, with a change of names, the same message
might be properly addressed to this Congress, if
the tackings should be made which are now con-
templated to the California admission bill. And
who was the King who thus reproved a Parlia-
ment for vicious legislation, rejected its mischiev-
ous innovations, and admonished it to stand upon
the old ways? It was Charles the Second! a
monarch whom I had never expected to cite in the
American Senate for an example either in taw or
morals! I hope it may not be quoted without
effect.
Hatsell goes on to give other examples of this
innovation, and of its rebuke by rejection, and
even rejection in doubtful cases of incongruous
conjunctions, from the beginning of the practice
about the middle of the seventeenth century down
to the beginning of the present century. Thus,
in March, 1676, the tacking of two bills was re- '
jected upon a division in the House of Commons,
and a member (Sir G. Downing) spoke against the
practice in these words:
" Whoever takes away liberty from the K ng, takes away
liberty from the Parliament; and whetnei this tacking the
clause of appropriation does not so, I leave you to judge.
One thing in the world tins House is always fond ot, viz :
fit quent meetings , but I never found good, by going by an ill
way to obtain a good end. The Long Parliament was not to
lie dissolved without their own consent, which was ob-
tained of the King by a thousand canting words, and that
power they obtained tacked to a money bill. But what be-
came of this ? You were forced to make it treason to name
the being of that Parliament. The just prerogative of the
Crown k a-< necessary as the being of the House of Com*
mons. I t-iko tacking to be of the most mischievous con-
sequence imaginable, and I pray no tacking may be made
to tins bill."—Page 218.
The two Houses of Parliament, each for itself,
watched over the purity of legislation by un-
coupling incongruous bills. Thus:
" On tlie 21st of April, 1712, the hill forappoinnri«ccm-m£s-
sioners for examining the value and eon«jderationsof grants
marie by the Crown, is referred to the committee upon a bill
for imposing duties, with an instruction to make both the
bills Mto one bill; but upon the 6tli of May this instruction
\va«* tiitrhcirged upon a division, by a very large majority."—
Page 220.
" On the 16th of May, 1713, a morion was made that the
bill lor limiting the number of officers in the Hou*e ef Com-
mons, be committed to the committee on the mult bill : it
pa>sed in the negative."—Same page.
Again:
"On the 9th of January, 1807, the Lords laid a-ide the
annual malt bill, on account of a tack, viz: a clause to le-
galize certain exchequer lulls charged upon the mall arid
pension duties of last year, which exchequer bills had been
signed by the auditor's trustee, acting tor Lord G'cnville.
The Lords objected to this, first, because the whole clau*e
was a tack; and, secondly, even it the exchequer bills
charged upon the malt duty could be deemed so far in pari
materia as not to be a t>ek, yet the bills charged on the
pension duty were entirely a different matter. In the House
of Commons, upon reading again the resolution reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means on the lirsi of
January, a nev: malt bill wo* ordered in."—Same page.
These are instances of uncoupling incongruous
bills from an early to a late period in British his-
tory. I omit others, and proceed to the general
observations which relate to the proper structure
of a bill, and the general reasons which requite it
to be free from foreign, incoherent, and incongru-
ous matter. At page 221, Mr. Hatsell says:
" ft is much to be wihhed that every question which is
brought before either House should be as simple and as little
complicated a& possible. For this reason, the proceeding
that is too often practised, of putting together m the same
bill clauses that have no i elation to each other, and the sub-
jects of which are entirely different, ought to be avoided,
i'.ven where the piopositions are separately not liable to
objection, in either Rouse, the heaping together m one law
such a variety of unconnected and di-cordant subjects ?s
unparliamentary, and tends only to mislead and confound
those who have occasion to consult the statute hook upon
any paiticular point But to do this in cases where u is
known that one ot the component parts of the bill will be
disagreeable to the Crown, or to the Lords 5 and that, if it
was sent up alone, it would not be agreed to, for this reason,
and with a view to secure the loyal assent, or the concur- t
rence of the Lords, to tack it to a bill of supply, which the ,
exigencies of the State make nece-sary, it a proceeding |
highly dangerous and unconstitutional, li tends to provoke
the other branches of the Legislature, in their turn, to de-
part from those rules to which they ought to be restrained
by the long and established forms of Parliament; and can
have no other effect than finally to introduce disorder and
confusion."
These are the evils, enough to condemn the
practice, of mixing incongruous measures togeth-
er; and having shown the law, and the reason of
the law, the writer concludes with a strong exhor-
tation in favor of fair and simple legislation, and
says:
"I11 short, however desirable the end may be that is at
any time aimed at by this measure, the means are always
bad. It is much sdfer to tru-jt to time and to chcumstances,
which sooner orlatSr dispose the minds of men to accept {■
and approve of such propositions as are really for the public j
goodjlhanto obtain even the best of laws uy breaking down ;i
those bounds and fences which the wisdom of past ages has '
set up; and to let 111 disorder and confusion, which may |
finally prove fatal to the securi y, perhaps to the existence, !'
of the Constitution."—Page 224. < j
This is the parliamentary law on the subject, h
The conjunction of incongruous matter in the same
bill is always condemned. It is condemned jn all
cases. In ordinary bills it is declared to be " un-
parliamentaryin supply, or money bills, it is
declared to be i( unconstitutional and dangerous to
the kingdom.** In point of evil to fair legislation,
the practice is equally flagrant in all cases. It can
only be attempted for undue purposes; either to
make a strong bill carry a weak one—or to break
down a good bill with a bad one—or to combine
an interest to carry, in conjunction, what could
not be carried singly—or to coerce the other House
—or to embarrass the Executive—or to make mem-
bers vote against proper bills, by putting some-
thing improper into them. In every case it is
unparliamentary. That is the character which
the books apply to the transaction. Now, what
is unparliamentary is an act contrary to the law
and practice of Parliament, and unbecoming Par-
liament, and unfit to be done in Parliament. It is
a thing which cannot be rightfully qjj becomingly
done by Parliament. It is a thing which degrades
and injures Parliament if done; and must beef evil
tendency in that respect, in addition to all other
evils. It is condemned m Europe and America.
Many of the late constitutions of the States con-
demn and prohibit it—California herself among
the number. It is condemned by public sentiment
in our country, and stigmatized by the odious epi-
thet of u log-rolling." It is condemned by the
ordinary practice of both Houses of our own Con-
gress, which is, to bring in a single bill for each
subject. Even pension bills, though of the same
natuie, are often made separate for each pension,
lest the friends of several pensioners should com-
bine to pass some bad cases. It is the practice of
the Senate itself in this very case; for a separate
bill has been reported for California; and the effort
now is, to add other bills of a foieign, incoherenl,
and incongruous nature to that separate bill so
reported, and now standing single on the file, and
ready for decision.
I have cited parliamentary law applicable to all
cases, and of course to the case before the Senate.
I have quoted British authority—the fountain
of our law—and the same from which Jefferson
extracted his Manual. I have now to quote
American law, applicable, and specially applica-
ble, to this special case, it is the case of a State
asking admission mto the Union, and we have law
of our own upon the point. Parliamentary Jaw,
like other codes, is made up of positive enact-
ment, and by custom or practice; and that which
comes from custom or practice is as much law as
any other, and is known by precedents.
Sir William Blackstone, in his Commentaries
on the Laws of England, thus speaks of the law
of Parliament:
« A< every coui t of justice hath laws and customs—some
the civil and canon, some the common law, others their
own peculiar laws and customs—so the high court of t'allot-
ment hath also its own peculiar law, called the lex el con-
suetado iiarlhmeuli (tin* law and custom of Parliament.)—a
law which Sir Kdward Coke observer, is ' ab omnibus ^ua-
renda, a multis ignorutu, a paucis cogniUP {to be sought by
all, unknown to many, k713u.11 by jew)—and which he savs fs
much better to be learned out of the lolls of Pai hameut, and
other recoids, and by precedents and continual experience,
than can be expressed by any one man."—Volume 3,
page 163.
Custom, then, makes law—parliamentary law,
as well as other law—and the place to find it is in
the rolls of Parliament; in its proceedings, prece-
dents, and practice. This is the place to find it;
and looking there, in our congressional history,
and the practice of our Congress, and on the iden-
tical point m question, 1 find a practice, and a uni-
form practice of sixty years, and seventeen prece-
dents in relation to it. The point in question is
the admission of a new State, and with or without
complication with other measures. The practice
of sixty years—the seventeen precedents which that
long period presents—the face of every roll which
relates to the subject—all, and each, are uniform
upon the admission withoutcomplication with any
other measure whatever. I showed this uniform-
ity in a speech delivered two weeks ago*, I will
not travel over the admission of each new State
again. I rest the fact where the examination of
that day placed it, and which showed that every
new State, without exception, from Vermont, in
3791, to Iowa, in 1846, had been admitted upon a
bill confined to the single subject of admission;
and all in separate bills except in one instance,
when two States, equally ripe for admission, were
admitted in the same bill. This makes law-
makes it by ourselves, for ourselves—and to dis-
regard it is to set our own law at defiance.
Great Britain has no class of bills precisely
analogous to ours for the admission of new States;
the nearest approach to it are the articles of agree-
ment for the Union of Scotland and Ireland with
England. But, so far as she has gone in the way
of adding these kingdoms, her practice was the
same as ours: both Scotland and Ireland became
united to England by separate bills. It is to our
own history, then, that we look for precise anal-
ogy, and consequently for exact precedents; and
these we find m seventeen instances, and from the
birth of the Government down to 1846, and with-
out a variation in a single case. We have made
our own parliamentary law, founded in right and
justice, for the admission of new States; and let us
abide it t
I have shown British parliamentary law, and the
law resulting from the practice of our own Con-
gress against these unnatural conjunctions, more
unnatural and pestilent than the yoking of the ox
and the ass together, so emphatically forbid in
Holy Writ. I have shown a rule of the British
House of Lords against this tacking in the case cf
a supply bill. I have now to show a rule of
our own House of Representatives against such
conjunctions in all cases whatever; and although
the rule, as a rule, is not in force in this Chamber,
yet the principles in which it is founded are in
force here as well as in the other end of the Capi-
tol, and there are grave reasons why we should
not disregard it. The rule is number 43, and is
in these words:
" No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be amended by an-
nexing thereto, or incorporating theiewith, any other bill or
resolution pending before the House."
This is the rule of the House of Representa-
tives, and is law at the other end of the building.
Under it, that House could not join any two of
these seventeen subjects together; and can we
make them t© do it? They will not join different
bills together, and send them up to us; shall we
conjoin, and send down to them? For the sake of
fair legislation they will have but one subject in
one bill. Shall we coerce them to be unfair, and
require them to do what they have said they will
not do, and which we know they haye said they
will not do? Their rule stares us in the face. I read
it aloud. We all know of it, and are we to ven-
ture upon the experiment of forcing the House
to violate its own rule, a rule founded in wisdom
and justice, adopted in all parliamentary law, and
consonant to the common sense and honorable feel-
ings of all mankind? Shall we tiy to coerce them?
It may be a luckless experiment. As one of the
Senate, I should not like to engage in it; as a
member of the House of Representatives, if I
was one, I should resist the attempt, and re-
pulse the bill that was sent; if for no other reason,
yet for the single and adequate reason that the rule
of the House should not be overridden by the
power or circumvented by the contrivance of the
Senate.
I have now vindicated the right of the State of
California, purely and simply m a legal point of
view, and without regard to the high considera-
tions which enforce it, to a separate consideration.
These considerations are indeed high—a State—a
new and sister State—coming into the family of
| States, to be one of the family, on an equal foot-
' ing with the rest. She comes to us through a
! message from the President of the United States,
; with the Constitution of the United States in one
! hand, and the treaty with Mexico in the other,
I asserting the performance of all conditions, and
demanding admission as aright under that treaty.
It is a subject of dignity, brought before us with
dignity, resting upon a question of right, and of
decorum—that right and decorum which give to
every State a separate consideration, and a con-
sideration not to be postponed to inferior subjects,
much less to be thrown into hotchpotch with
them. It is degradation, as well as injury, thus
to postpone her, and thus to commix her. And
with what? The Senator from Kentucky who
sits furthest over the way, [Mr. Clay,] has under-
