1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
use, novel as the term is in this body. One more
quotation, and I have done with this lexicography.
Dryden is quoted again, and to show that tacking,
and tackling, may be subjected to a process that
they cannot stand; and although his application is
nautical, I will use itjor the metaphor whieh it
may imply, thus :
" Give 'em a broadside: the dice run at all,
Down comes the mast and jard, and tacklings fall."
This maybe symbolical of the fate of the tacked
bills. I am opposed to this tacking. I have re-
sisted it from the beginning, and have endeavored
to restrain it by offering instructions to be sent to
the committee. The Senate voted down the in-
structions, and that they had a right to do; but a
Senator, now in his seat—the Senator from Ar-
kansas who sits to the right, [Mr. Borland,]
said something of my conduct and motives in re-
lation to the instructions, which I think he had no
right to say, and which I have a right to notice.
He said:
" it is a sort of expedient for consuming the tune of the
Senate ami delaying lis ltyiUinaie busmen ; a ?>ort of legis-
lative tilling which 1 can neither approve nor hesitate to
condemn.'*'
This is what that Senator said; and as that Sen-
ator and myself have not been on speaking terms
for a good while, I hold that he was bound by the
feelings, as well as by the rules of decorum, if he
felt himself called upon to remark upon my
speech, to confine himself to the argument, and
carefully .abstain from personality. The Senator
from Arkansas did not so abstain: he impugned
my motives and conduct, and that when I was
right, and he assumed an official superiority which
I do not admit. He says he did not approve my
conduct. To approve, or disapprove, is the office
of a superior; and I know of no official superiority
which entitles him to exercise that office over
me.
He says that he does not hesitate to condemn my
conduct. Now, condemnation is the office of a
judge, and the Senator from Arkansas is not my
judge; and if he was so in any case which con-
cerned my life, I would certainly pray a change
of venue. He says that my conduct was legisla-
tive trifling, and an expedient to delay the legiti-
mate business of the Senate. This is a censure
which 1 do not receive, and I have shown in this
day's exhibition of parliamentary law that I had
a right to do what I did—in fact, that I was right
in what I did—and of course that no one had a
right to say I trifled and delayed business. And
now why this persevering attempt to connect
California with other subjects, contrary to parlia-
mentary law, and injurious to her, and to all safe
legislation ? Why this persevering attempt to do
what all feel to be wrong in principle, wrong in
law, and injurious in practice ? Why is it? For
fear of the dissolution of the Umon-^-fear of the
Nashville Convention. We are to njake the con-
junction under that fear. Sir, it would have no
weight with me if the fear was real—if the Nash-
ville Convention was a reality. But it is not. It
belongs to the chapter of things which are passed.
As I said of it some days ago, it is a procession
which has passed by—has crossed the stage—
made its exit—and the curtain has dropped upon
it. It is no longer a thing for anybody to be
afraid of—no longer a spectre to coerce legislation.
But I have gone further than I intended. I only
intended, in support of the motion which I have
made, to establish the parliamentary law, and to
show that the tacking of any bill to the California
bill would be a flagrant violation of that law.
This is all that I intended at present. The full
discussion of the whole subject, under all its
aspects of insult and injury to California, embar-
rassment to legislation, illegality and danger, will
be more properly in order when the amalgamation
bill shall be brought in—if one shall come in: and
to that period 1 adjourn my speech. Then the
war will begin.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 am very sorry, Mr. Pres-
ident, to have to trouble the Senate with any re-
marks m connection with myself. It has always
been my wish and my purpose, when I address
the Senate, to address it upon some subjects con-
nected with the business before the Senate, and not
in any way to connect my remarks with individ-
uals who have anything to do with the business be-
fore this body. J trust, sir, I know too well what
is due alike to myself and to the Senate to be
thrusting myself forward, with my own feelings
and my own concerns, to nauseate the Senate With
a dose of egotism I should feel that I camejustly
under the censure and condemnation of every Sen-
ator, if I should so far forget myself, or forget what
was becoming in any man occupying a seat on this
floor, either for the short time it has been my for-
tune to be here or for a longer period—if I could so
far forget what was due to" myself or the Senate as
to speak of myself, and obtrude my feelings upon
the notice of this body. Bat, sir, a remark made
by the honorable Senator from Missouri seems to
make it necessary, in order that 1 may be under-
stood by all who heard him, that 1 should say a
word in explanation.
He quoted a remark that I made the other day
upon the motion, or rather upon the series of prop-
ositions, which he submitted to the Senate, and
upon which the Senate had to vote. He says I
characterized those propositions as legislative tri-
fling, for the purpose of consuming time. Mr.
President, it seems to ine that a fair interpretation
of that remark could certainly not apply to the
person of that Senator, or any other person. I
spoke of propositions before the Senate, and I ex-
pressed my opinion of them, and the effect they
were likely to have, and the only® effect they
could have. And the effect which a majority of
this Senate, I think, concur with me kfaying they
would have, if they had any at all ™ould be an
unnecessary consumption of the time of the Senate.
And 1 tlnnk that all will agree with me that any
proposition whatever, any amendment whatever,
that may unnecessarily, uselessly, and vexatiously
consume the time of this body—a body in which
the whole country looks for useful and practical
legislation—is legislative trifling, and nothing else.
That is my opinion.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is not
at liberty to apply an intention of that kind to any
Senator.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Chair allow me to
say that, in the first place, I said that such a re-
mark did not and could not apply to any Senator.
But I respectfully submit, Mr. President, that, even
if it did, I might be allowed, without any great im-
propriety, to follow the example which has been
set me: for, although the Senator from Missouri
has not called the conduct of Senators here legisla-
tive trifling, he has characterized it as a flagrant
outrage, and by every epithet which the vocabu-
lary of our language recognizes to apply opprobri-
ous terms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair makes
a distinction between the condemnation of a meas-
ure and that of a Senator.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Chair allow me to
refer to the words I used in the beginning, to show
that I made no application to individuals, but to
show the effect of such legislation on this body? I
think, to say nothing of the illustrious example
which has been set, I have a perfect right to re-
peat the observations which I have made, and I
think I could appeal to the Senate to sustain me.
As the Senator was permitted to make direct per-
sonal allusion to me, 1 hope I may be permitted to
make an explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Chair has
omitted a previous duty m allowing personal al-
lusions, that duty should not be, for that reason,
omitted again; but the Senator will be permitted to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Missouri
alluded to the personal relations existing between
himself and me, upon which I ask permission to
make a remark. He took occasion to make sev-
eral allusions of a personal character. He said, if
I were a judge, and his life was before me upon
trial, he should ask for a change of venue. IVlr.
President, I can say with all sincerity that the Sen-
ator's life would be perfectly safe m my hands. I
take this occasion to say that, as a general rule, I
am opposed to capital punishment, no matter what
person may be upon trial; and, sir, I believe, if I
were elevated to the judicial bench, and I were
called upon to pass a sentence of death upon an
individual, no matter what had been the enormity
of his crime, even if he had committed every crime
named in the dccalogue, I would sooner resign my
place than to pass sentence of death upon him.
So, sir, the Senator would be perfectly safe if his
life were before me, no matter upon what he should
be tried—whether upon his conduct here or else-
where.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the opinion that allusions of-that kind are not-iri
order.
Mr. BORLAND. May I have leave to proceed
in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator spoke of our
personal relations; and said that for at long- time
he had ceased to speak to me/ I do not know
whether the Chair considered that personal or not;
but I trust I may be permitted to say, that so far
as the personal relations between the Senator from
Missouri and myself are concerned, I have never
known that we had any personal relations at all.
I certainly have never sought any. I certainly
have never enjoyed personal intercourse with that
Senator. And so far as the suspension of our
personal relations is concerned, or his ceasing to
speak to me, it is a matter about which I have
thought so little, and cared so little, that I do not
know whether it be true or not; and I shall never
give myself the least concern to ascertain whether
it be true or not, because it is a matter of perfect
indifference to me.
Again, Mr. Presideut, I beg pardon of you and
of the Senate, for occupying your attention upon
this matter; and I repeat, that if left to follow my
own inclinations, I should never mention myself
or my personal relations before this Senate.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I have the
words here, and 1 will read them;
" It is a sort of expedient for consuming the time of the
Senate, and delaying its legitimate business; a sort of legis-
lative trilling, which I can neither approve, nor hesitate to
condemn."
These are the words. Now, sir, the Senator
from Arkansas says that he would repeat them.
Well, sir, that is in future. He will repeat them
hereafter; and if he does repeat "them hereafter,
sir, it will be, in the first place, a breach of the
rules by which this body is governed, for him to
say that what a member has d ine is an expedient
to consume the time of the Senate, and to delay
legislative business. It is, in my opinion, a re-
flection upon the motives and conduct of that Sen-
ator. That is the way it strikes me. To say that
it is a sort of legislative trifling, is, in my opin-
ion, a stigma upon the conduct of a member, con-
trary to the rules of decorum which are provided
for the government of the conduct of members
here. But he says he will repeat it all. Then,
Mr. President, when he does repeat it, he will vio-
late the rules of decorum, both as prescribed by
the rules of this body, and as felt in every mem-
ber's breast. And, besides that—1 am speak-
ing in futuro, sir—he will say a thing which is
untrue in itself.
Mr. KING and several Senators. Order!
order 1
Mr. BENTON. You are very prompt with
your " order." I am speaking of the future, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the opinion that any assumption with regard to
the future conduct of members is not in order.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, as I intimated
some time ago, I have no intention to reply to the
argumefit of the Senator from Missouri on the
subject of what is called " parliamentary lav/, "and
I do not think the honorable Senator dealt with
entire candor when he told us he meant to repeat
and to continue his speech, or rather to make
other speeches of the same kind, when the subject
shall be taken up hereafter. I did suppose that
his speech to day would prevent the necessity of
his speaking again on the same point. 1 really
feel in the condition of an eminent lawyer 1 knew
in Kentucky, who, having by accident seen the
notes of the opposing counsel, and the authorities
he referred to in those notes, got hold of all those
authorities, and, in anticipation of the use to be
made of them against himself, read them in open
court, commented upon them, and applied them
as well as he possibly could to his own side of the
question. The gentleman %vho had prepared the
notes and collected the authorities, was so utterly
astonished at the employment of his own instru-
ment against himself that he really could not n-
cover from it, and I believe lost the cause. Now,
sir, I am not surprised to the extent that he was,
but really if I had made notes of a parcel of authori-
ties, in order to show the power of the Senate to
connect together these very subjects, I should
have gone to the precise authorities which the
learned Senator on the other side brings forward.
But, sir, I rose merely for the purpose of saying
