1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
a continual topic of abuse on this floor, and the
appropriations for the support of which'barely es-
caped defeat, furnished to the country capable and
accomplished officers—men who were the most
efficient in service, and, consequently, came again
into such repute that we have since that period
Beard only occasional whispers of disapprobation,
faint and few, and far between. I remember, too,
that the 8m ithsonian Institution was at first regarded
by some as a fair subject of attack, and a quantity
of thunder was bestowed upon it, as being another
of the aristocratic institutions of the age. But
when it came to be considered that it took nothing
out of the Treasury, and that it would not come
year after year asking appropriations from Con-
gress; that it was founded by the munificence of a
gentleman abroad who took this method of show-
ing the confidence he felt in the institutions of this
country, gentlemen drew back, and we heard no
more groans and no more clamor on that subject.
And without recapitulating' all the hobbies,
great and small, which have been ridden by eco-
nomical gentlemen, here is the navy, year after
year, session after session, come3 in for its share
Of this sort of abuse. Well, sir, there is some
plausibility in the attacks that are made on the
navy appropriation bill, founded on the fact that,
judging from the aggregate amount of the appro-
priations contained in that bill, it seems to be the
most expensive branch of the public service, how-
ever necessary and however large the benefit to be
derived from it. The aggregate amount of ap-
propriations contained in the bill is certainly very
large; but it will be found that a very large
proportion of those appropriations are for pur-
poses and objects which are entirely disconnected
with the navy proper. This bill, as has beerf
stated, proposes to appropriate some six millions
of dollars for the public service. Now, I am not
going at this moment into a defence of the navy.
£ am not going to speak of the valuable services
it has performed, nor of the services which I
trust it is destined yet to perform. I shall not de-
tain the committee by adverting to the absolute
necessity there is, that our maritime interests
should be protected, extending as they do
from sea to sea. I shall not now speak of the
necessity not only for having a navy, but for hav-
ing such a navy as will do credit to a great com-
mercial nation; but I intend merely to speak of
the appropriations that are contained in this bill.
Whatever plausibility there may be in the attacks
that are made upon it, founded on a general view
of the aggregate amount of the appropriations,
there is gieat unfairness in it. Suppose this bill
does contain appropriations to the amount of six
millions of dollars; upon examining the bill you
will find, first, that quite a large item is for the sup-
port of your hydrographical office and coast sur-
vey. And this is an object of vast importance,
connected with various other interests of the Gov-
ernment. It includes also the survey of all the pub-
lic domain in the interior. This portion of the
expenses of the Government amounts to $35,135.
If you go a little further you will find an appro-
priation for the Naval School at Annapolis, an
institution connected with the naval service.
And here let me remark, that "Vhen gentlemen
get up and contrast the army and na y, and
speak.of their comparative advantages and com-
parative extravagance, let them remember that
the army has a very great advantage over the
navy, in this, that the appropriations that are
made for the auxiliaries, or the institutions con-
nected with the army, are made by separate bills.
For instance, the appropriation for the support
of the Military Academy at West Point is always
made m a separate bill. Thus these appropria-
tions seem not to belong to this branch of the ser-
vice. Again, in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, you provide many thousands of dol-
lars for the coast survey, to be expended under the
direction of the department. The appropriation
for the coast survey proper, you put in the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bills, but is itali there?
is it all seen and understood? By no means.
The coast survey employs hundreds, I might
almost say thousands of the sailors of the United
States navy. The officers of the navy, too, are
engaged in that service, many of them. Some
officers of the army are so engaged; but most
generally officers of the navy are engaged, and
most successfully engaged, m making these sur-
veys along your coast; and not only hydrographi-
cal surveys, but extending their labors to a topo-
graphical survey. Some of the vessels belonging
to the navy as well as those which belong to the
revenue service are engaged in the coast survey.
And what is the consequence ? These vessels cost
something from year to year for repairs. These
officers and seamen thus employed must be paid.
And here is a large appropriation for surveying the
coast—a very meritorious service, by the way, and
of very great advantage to our merchant marine.
A great portion of the expense of this work is ap-
propriated for, disguised as it were, by the naval ap-
propriation bill. The largest item is for the pay
of the men and officers, and a large number of
these men and officers and vessels are not occupied
| in the naval service at all, but in this service of the
1 coast survey exclusively. I do not wish to be un-
derstood as complaining of this. I have merely
referred to these facts by way of explaining how
it is that this appropriation bill is swelled so far
beyond what is in the strict sense of the term, the
appropriation for the navy itself.
Again: take the mail service. Here, it is true,
you have an appropriation bill presented as con-
taining the aggregate expense of'keeping up the
navy. And yet, out of that aggregate amount,
you should deduct §874,000 for the mail service.
It is true, upon the happening of a contingency—
upon the occurrence of a war, it is expected that
the steamers engaged in this mail service may be
converted into war steamers; and upon the faith of
that contingency it may be argued that this item
of expense belongs properly to the naval service;
•but it is nothing more than a bare possibility. And
yet, instead of classifying this appropriation under
its appropriate head, it is saddled upon the navy
bill. Now here is almost a million of dollars in a
single item, going to swell the amount, which so
frightens gentlemen, m this bill to the sum of six
millions of dollars.
Proceeding a little further, you find an appro-
priation for publishing a Nautical Almanac. It is a
thing that is done in other countries, though it is
not by any means for the exclusive service of the
navy. It is a publication which is to contain, in
part, the results of these scientific labors and ex-
periments at the National Observatory. It is in-
tended for the benefit of commerce everywhere,
extending advantages more directly to the mer-
chant service than to the navy. And yet it all
goes to swell the amount of the naval appropria-
tions.
Again: if you look further along in the bill, you
will find four or five appropriations for docks and
dock-yards. Now it is true that this may be con-
sidered as appertaining to the naval service, and
therefore proper to be put into the naval appropria-
tion bill. But it must be remembered that these
are appropriations for objects of a permanent char-
acter, and that when completed—and these appro-
priations will, I believe, complete every one of
them—they cease to be, except for mere incidental
repairs comparatively of slight consequence, any
longer a charge upon the Government. Appro-
priations for these objects will not have to be re-
peated every year; and yet because they are casu-
ally here this year, swelling the naval appropriations
to six millions of dollars, you-complain of the
expenses of the navy being prodigious.
How did you with regard to your fortifications?
Let me go back a little for the sake of a compari-
son. You have made large appropriations for
fortificaiions on the sea-board. But you did not
put those appropriations in your army bill, al-
though you put the appropriations for dock-yards
in the navy bill; and the consequence is, the army
gets the leputation of being the less costly branch
of the service. Sir, if yoj put your appropria-
tions for fortifications in a separate bill, you might
with the same propriety put the appropriations
for docks and dock-yards in a separate bill;
thus taking away from the aggregate of the naval
appropriations by which you are so much alarmed.
Well, this item taken away will make a trifle over
a million and a quarter of dollars subtracted from
this aggregate of six millions, which frightens you
so much. And for these appropriations you will
not be called on again next year, or the year after;
though it may be that docks may have to be
built at San Francisco, or elsewhere, for the bene-
fit of our vessels on the Pacific, and a further ap-
propriation made for that purpose; but so far as
these particular works are concerned they will be
completed by the appropriations of this year, and
wiHllot requirean appropriation annually. Gentle-
men need not consider these items, therefore, as
expenses to be incurred year after year; and I
might say the same with regard to the magazines.
The amount appropriated for the various navy-
yards is upwards of fourteen thousand dollars.
A large part of these appropriations for the ship-
yards is for extending the permanent works,
erecting ship houses, and walls, and extending the
ground to be occupied, and other objects of that
sort. And to these thp same remarks will apply
as in reference to the docks themselves—that is,
that these expenses will not be recurring year after
year.
Then we have an appropriation for the 'marine
corps; and gentlemen may consider that as being
a branch of the navy with much propriety, as re-
gards being provided for in the same general ap-
propriation bill. You propose to bestow some
three hundred and seventy thousand dollars for •
keeping up your marine corps, and to defray the
•various expenses incident A that branch of the
naval service. This might as well, perhaps, be
provided for in a separate bill; but passall that by.
Taking it in any point of view, here are more than
three millions of dollars for schools, docks, maiZ
service—for items of various kinds which are no
part of the naval appropriation bill proper, but
which have, according to the practice of this House,
happened to be grouped together in this navy bilh
While kindred subjects, so far as the army ap-
propriations are concerned, are separated, in the
case of the navy they are associated, and form an
aggregate of appropriations which startles gentle-
men into the belief that it is something that is going
to involve us in national bankruptcy and ruin.
Sir, the principal object I had in view in address-
ing the committee at this time, was to set forth
these facts. I do not propose to enter into the
general discussion of the subjects which have been
dwelt upon at much length by gentlemen already,
but I do wish to call the attention of the House
and the country to the fact, that this fashion of
abusing the navy on the ground of its being so
costly a branch of the public service, is not founded
in equity or justice. I wish the fact to be dis-
tinctly and clearly understood, that while six mil-
lions are appropriated by this bill, there are in fact
but three millions that may be regarded as the an-
nually recurring expenses of the navy proper. But
if this mode of regarding the subject—which seems
a favorite mode with some gentlemen—be contin-
ued, if the appropriations for these different ob-
jects—the schools, the mail service, and so on—are
not to be separated from the general naval appro-
priations, it seems to me that it is but right, at
least, that the attention of the country should be
called to the fact, that all these objects are com-
I bined, and the naval appropriation ^swelled, by
( grouping them together and including them under
: the head of appropriations for the navy.
| The gentleman from Massachusetts reminds me
| that the reason why the navy appropriation bills
i have, within the last few years, grown so large,
and so apparently out of proportion, is especially
to be found in the introduction of the appropria-
tions for a number of docks.
I williiot now go into the question, whether there
ought to be a dock at Charleston, one at Ports-
mouth, and one at Philadelphia, as well as one at
New York; nor whether it is requisite, for the bene-
fit of that portion of the naval service that is em-
ployed in the Gulf of Mexico, that there should
be a dock at Pensacola; nor whether it would be
appropriate hereafter to give money to construct a
dock on the Pacific coast, so that our vessels upon
that station would not have to come round Cape
Horn to be repaired. Without going into the
question as to the propriety of erecting these docks
at all—especially the multiplication of docks along
the Atlantic coast—it is not in our discretion
whether we will make the appropriations which
are here proposed to be made for docks; because,
wherherappropnately or not, Congress has thought
propen to authorize their construction; and by
putting these various provisions in this appropria-
tion bill, it is swelled to an enormous extent, while
they are no part of the naval appropriations legiti-
mately.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ewisg,]
a gentleman from the interior, has addressed the
committee at considerable length, in vindicaiion of
the navy; and I was glad to see that defence come
from a fresh-water gentleman, rather than from
