798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
that when the Senator comes on with his war of
words, which is terrible enough, when not accom-
panied by any emphatic use of terms, I shall come
on for peace. And if the Senator's object is war
against any proposition to connect together sub-
jects which I shall show to be perfectly coherent,
it is directly the reverse of mine, which will be
peace. Upon that occasion I shall show—for I do
not mean to go into the argument now—in the first
place, that the intimation of the honorable Sena-
tor, that all the subjects contained in the resolu-
tions presented by the Senator from Tennessee
and myself, or any considerable number of them,
were to be associated together, and especially that
the fugitive-slave bill should be associated with
any other measure, is an intimation which the
progress of events will show to be totally un-
grounded, and without the slightest foundation.
No such purpose ever existed. I will also show,
upon the occasion to which I refer, that the laws
of Parliament, as comprised in the work of Hat-
sell are nothing more nor less than instances and
examples of parliamentary action, like the in-
stances and examples in lite which constitute the
bases of the common law of England, forming
together, by deduction and by practice, a system
for the regulation of the two Houses of Parliament
of Great Britain, t will also show that this busi-
ness of " tacking," as it is technically called, has
been carried to an extent much greater in Great
Britain than in any other country; that it has been
tolerated and has existed for centuries there; and
that it is only the great abuses of the practice
which have called down the reprehension of the
distinguished individuals, Lord Finch and some
others, who thought his majesty would be in some
way affected by having these subjects presented to
him. But fortunately for us, we have no majesty
here to conciliate. I will also show that we have
our own law of Parliament, our Congress; 1 will
show that it is a question of sound discretion, to
be exercised upon high considerations of State and
public policy, to unite one or more measures to-
gether; and I will show that even in the case of
incongruous subjects, it may be done, and that if
the subjects before the Senate were to be united, it
would be a union of peifectly congenial, congru-
ous, and coherent subjects. I shall show, in the
last place, that, in a variety of instances, some of
which I have before me, according to the practice
of Congress, and according to the law of Congress,
that subjects infinitely a thousand times more
incongruous than the suhjects now proposed to be
united, have been combiritd together from session
to session, from year to year.
But, sir, as the proper time, in my opinion, to
discuss this question, will arrive only when the
proposition is pending before the Senate for the
union of these subjects, and as discussion now
would be discussion two or three weeks ahead of
any practical result, I will not now take up the
time of the .Senate in answering the speech of the
honorable Senator, but will answer it at that pe-
riod of adjournment, when he threatened us with
such a ternble war of words, and when I shall
resort to all the laws of peace that i can. •
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, as it is not
pioposed that a vote be taken on this resolution
to-day, I wish to procure an order for the printing
of an amendment which I will offer to the Cali-
fornia bill. I trust the mover of the resolution
will make such a disposition of it as will enable
me to do this.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I merely rise to
say a word on this subject I understand that the
honorable Senator from Missouri assumes that it
is contrary to the parliamentary law that these
subjects should be united. He then assumes that
the committee is going to violate the law, and then
is going to make provision that they shall not vio-
late the l '. I understand that to be the state of
the case. Now, sir, I think it quite possible, yea,
even probable, that the committee will not lcport
any bill at all. The Senator, then, is presupposing
a state of things which may never occur at all,
and which it will be quite time enough to discuss
when it does. The Senator avows that he will
discuss it then, and it seems to me that discussion
now would be discussing a state of things which
may never happen.
Mr. BENTON. I shall rejoice if it does not
happen.
Mr. CASS. It is perhaps necessary that I I
should explain what i said a moment ago. I
merely meant that, instead of reporting a specific
bill or bills, it was quite possible that the com-
mittee may propose amendments to, or recom-
mend the passage of bills now before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the resolution lie
on the table; which motion was adopted.
THE CALIFORNIA BILL.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I now hold
in my hand a proposed amendment to the Califor-
nia bill, to obviate the objections that were sug-
gested to the bill as reported by the Committee on
Territories. I will not inflict upon the Senate the
speech which I intended to make on that point, in
order to show that such an amendment would be
entirely unnecessary, but at the proper time I will
offer an amendment to the bill which I think will
obviate all objections on that point. 1 send the
amendment to the Chair, and move thatjt lie_on
the table and be printed.
The amendment is as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said State of California
is admitted intu the Uniun upon the express condition that
the people of said State, thtough their Legislature or other-
wise, shall never interfere with the primary disposal of the
public lands within its limits, and shall pass no law and do
no act wherob} the utlc of the UmtecLSiatcs to andii^htto
dispose of, the same shall be unpaired or questioned ; and
that they tfjtall never lay any tax or assessment ot any de-
scription whatsoever upon the public domain of the United
States; and iiflRo case shall non-resident pioprietors who
are citizens of the United States be taxed higher than resi-
dents: and that ail the navigable waters within the said
State shall be common highways and lorevertree as well to
inhabitants of said State, as to the citizens of the United
States, without any tax, impost, or duty therefor: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed as recog-
nizing or rejecting the propositions tendered by the people
of California as articles ot compact in the ordinance adopted
by the convention which formed the constitution of that
State.
The motion to lie on the table and print was
agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have also
an ordinance adopted by the convention which
framed the constitution of California, and which
relates to the same subject—the public lands—m
which they propose the terms of a compact with
the Congress of the United States, upon the con-
dition of their admission. From some cause or
other this ordinance happened to be omitted in the
presentation of the constitution of the State to Con-
gress. I have been requested by one of the Sena-
tors elect from Califoi uia, and by one or two other
Senators, to present it. I move that it he on the
table and be printed. The ordinance is as follows:
AN ORDINANCE of the Convention assembled to form a
Constitution for the State ol (. aiifoima, in relation to ihe
deposition of the public* lands in that State.
I5e it out,uned by the Convention assembled to form a
constitution foi the State of California, on behalf, and hy
authority of, the people ol said State, that the following
proposition* be submitted to the Congie s of the United
States, which, if assented to b} that bod), shall be obligatory
on this State :
1st. One section of land in eveiy quarter township of the
public lands, and when such section has been sold or othet-
vvit,o deposed o(, other lands equivalent thereto, and con-
tiguous as may be. shall be granted, to the State for the use
of schoofs.
2d. Seventh-two sections of the unappropriated lands
lying within tins Sure shall be set apart and reserved for the
use and support ot a uinveisity, winch, together with such
tuither quantities as may be agreed upon by Congres-s, shall
be conv' yed to the State, and appropi iated soleJv to Uie use
and support ot ^uch uuiversityiu such manner as the Legis-
lature niav pie^cnhe.
d.I. Four sections of land, to be selected under the direc- !
fion ot the Legislature from any ot the unappropimtcd lands I
belonging to the United States within tins State, shall be
granted to the State tor its u*e in establishing a seat of gov-
ernment, 01 to delraj the expenses ot public buildings aT the
same.
4th. Five hundred thousand acres of the unappropriated
public lands in this State belonging to the United States, in
addition to the five hundred thousand acres granted to the
new States under aa act of Congress distributing the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the seveial States of the
Union, approved A. D. 1811, shall be designated under the
direction of the Legislature, and granted to the State tor the
purpose of detrdjmgthe expenses of the State government
and otiier State pmposes. And five per cent, ot the net
proceeds of the sale ot all lands lyins w.tnm th? State, which
shall be sold under the authority of the United States, after
deducting all expenses incident to the same, shall also be
appiopuated for the eucotu^geinent of learnm".
5th. Al! salt springs within this State, and Hie lands re- |l
sei ved for the use of the same, at least one section, including !1
each sp. ing, shall b.j granted to the State, to be Used or dis- !!
posed of as tiie Legi-ldturc mavdirect, '
6th. ihe first .Senators and Representatives elected to I;
Congress from this state are hereby authorized and empow- I;
ei ed to in a<e or as^nr to such other propositions as the m- ''
ter st-- ot the State mav req ire, and any such change* or ''
new propositions, when approved by the Legislature, shall :i
be as obligatory as if the assent of tins Convention were
given tncieto, and all stipulations entered into oy the Le<ns-
lature in pursuance of the authority herein conferred shall j
be considered articles of compact between the United States ! |
and this State ; and the Legislature is lierebjt further author-
ized to declare in behalf of the people ot California, if suoh
declaration be proposed hy Congress, that they will not in-
terfere with the primary disposal under the authority of the
United States of the vacant lauds within the limits of tins
State.
The motion was agreed to.
. INDIAN TITLES IN OREGON.
Mr. BELL. I move that the Senate take up
the bill providing for the extinguishment of the
Indian titles in Oregon. I do not know of any-
thing which more imperatively demands the atten-
tion of this body.
Mr. KING, r suppose that will take up con-
siderable time, and I am desirous that we should
go into Executive session.
There is a good deal of business of that kind to
be disposed of, as I understand.
Mr. BELL. 1 will only state to the Senator
from Alabama, that this bill really deserves the
prompt attention of the Senate. On account of
the great distanceof this territory, communications
can only be made once in two or three months. I
wish to cali attention to the fact that we are over-
looking the great interests of that territory, while
looking solely at the condition of a sister territory.
Although the inhabitants have cultivated the land
and made improvements upon it, I understand
there is not one acre of land which any of them
can claim by title, and nothing can be done by lay-
ing off and establishing land offices, and making
appropriations of the public domain, or granting of
titles, till provision is made for extinguishing the
Indian titles.
The motion to take up the bill being agreed to—
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill authorizing the negotiation of treaties with
the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, for the
extinguishment of their claims to lands lying west
of the Cascade Mountains, and for other purposes.
The bill, 011 the motion of Mr. BELL, was
verbally amended; it was then reported to the Sen-
ate; the amendments were concuried in, the bill
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
j was subsequently read a thiid time by unanimous
' consent and passed.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 23, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday having been read 
Mr. VAN DYKE rose to move a correction of
it. He said that when he had yesterday made a
minority report from the Committee on Elections
in the case of Hugh N. Smith, Delegate from
New Mexico, he (Mr. V. D.) had moved that the
report be made the special order of the day for the
29Ji of the present month, being the day for which
the report of the majority of the same committee
on the same subject had been made the special
order. He did not understand, from the readier
of the Journal, that any notice of that part of his
motion had been taken; and he desired that the
Journal should be corrected accordingly.
Ihe SPEAKER intimated, that the omission
was not material, because, if the report of the mi-
nority proposed to offer a resolution as an amend-
ment to the report of the majority, the amendment
could be offered when the report of the majority
should come up as the special order. The omission
could not affect the state of the case one way or
the other. The correction, however, would be
made, if desired by ihe gentleman.
Mr. VAN DYKE expressed his desire that the
amendment should be made.
It was oidered accordingly.
And tnen the Journal was approved.
INVESTIGATION SECRETARY EWIITC.
The SPEAKER announced the following mem-
bers as composing the committee of investigation
ordeied yesterday to be appointed under the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson:]
Messts. Richardson of Illinois, Vinton of
Ohio, Brown of Mississippi, Rockwell of Mas-
sachusetts, Hall of Missouri, Evans of Mary-
land, Ross of Pennsylvania, Alston of Alabama,
Dunham of Indiana.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY rose, he said, to ask the unani-
