ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,
those who smell of the salt and spray of the ocean,
because it denotes a healthy state of public feeling
in relation to the subject—it shows that prejudices
are laid aside, and that liberal and enlightened
views prevail. And, sir, I think that the country
is indebted to the gentleman who is the chairman
of the naval committee,—a gentleman under whom
I have been alw-ays glad to serve,—a gentleman
from the interior too, for the liberal and just spirit
that he has manifested in regard to the naval ser-
vice generally, which a fejv years ago seemed to
belong exclusively to gentlemen on the sea-board.
I am giad to see this Congress dispoged to do jus-
tice,—that it is demonstrated that the same good
feeling towards this arm of the service exists in
one part of the Union as in another.
And here let me say that it was for the purpose
of fostering and promoting this spirit, that on a
former occasion I moved and caused to be inserted
- in the navy bill, a provision declaring that there-
after officers for the naval service should be selected
from the various cojressionai districts through-
out the United States. Each one of the officers
thus selected having his circle of friends, and their
interest being attracted and directed to this service,
information must necessarily be disseminated in
regard to it, and the people throughout the whole
Union be made to feel that the United States Navy
was the property, not of a particular section, but
of the people of the whole Union. This is a right
and healthy feeling in regard to any branch of the
service. Unfortunate, indeed, would it be for this
country if the day should come when, in reference
to any interest or any branch of the public service,
whether civil or military, it should be regarded as
appertaining to one section, and to one alone, and
that the rest were only interested in watching and
struggling that it should get nothing, or that it
should not get too much support.
I believe, sir, that I have alluded to as many of
these items as it is necessary for me to do. 1 have
accomplished all that i had in view—although I
expected to have done it in fewer words. When
I asked the committee to look at this appropria-
tion bill, not as appropriating the whole sum of
six millions of dollars as the annual appropriation
required for the support of our naval establish-
ment, and not as an expense likely to be increased
from year to year, as has been unjustly alleged,
but to analyze the bill, to look at its various items,
and say whether they ought not properly to be ap-
propriated under different heads.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, I am surprised,
Mr. Chairman, at my extraordinarily good for-
tune in getting the floor, even at this late moment
of the discussion. I have been a constant appli-
cant for your favor for the last two days, since
this biii has been under discussion, but unfortu-
nate until the present hour; and 1 do not know
that the floor would now be assigned me if there
was any other contestant; but the debate must close
in fifteen minutes, under the resolution adopted by
the House, and the struggle for the floor has
ceased. Why this has been so, I shall not now
stop to inquire.
I have a few remarks to submit on the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Stanton,] to th$ appro-
priation bill now under consideration. That amend-
ment is the bill some weeks since reported by
him for the establishment of a line of mail steam-
ers to run-regularly between some of our ports
and the western coast of Africa. I am opposed,
sir, to this whole system of ocean mail steamers,
and hence my anxiety in seeking the floor for the last
two days, to embrace the last opportunity during
this session of placing before the country my rea.-
sons for such opposition. I desired to examine it
in all its bearings, its origin and progress, that the
injustice and tendency of the system might be
fully exposed. All the objections which apply
to the different lines now established, are with ad-
ditional force applicable to this African or Ebony
hue proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton.]
I am opposed to the ocean mail steam system,
because it subverts the well-established policy of
the Post Office Department—a policy founded in
justice and equity. What is that policy? It is
that the Post Office Department should sustain it-
self, and not become a tax upon the general Treas-
ury; that the revenues decived from the offices of
that branch of the public service should pay the
expenses of that department of the Government.
That policy was never departed from in time of
peace until this ocean mail system was established
: in March, 3845. This policy is just, and should
be adhered to. It rests upon the principle, that
those who derive the benefits from this department
of the Government should pay the expenses of
keeping it up; in other words, that those whose
letters, papers, &c., are carried by the mails,
should pay the expense of such transportation,
and not tax the balance of the community with it.
Such seems to have been the opinion of statesmen
in the earlier and better days of the Republic.
This policy has been overthrown by the mail
steamers. This Government is now under con-
tract for one million three hundred thousand dol-
lars per annum for the transportation of the mails
in ocean steamers between some few of our sea-
port cities and foreign governments. These con-
tracts are to last ten years. Thirteen millions is,
then, the aggregate sum which we have already
agreed to pay for this service. Pass the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, establish
this African line, and you will add to that sum
some eight or nine millions more. This contract
is for fifteen yeafs from the tinle all the vessels are
ready for use. You will then have incurred a debt
of upwards of twenty millions of dollars for the
foreign transportation of the mails. But the sys-
tem will not stop here. There are other memorials
now before Congress for other lines, and until the
whole globe has been encompassed and encircled
in this system, no stoppiwg-pJace will be found.
Now, sir, for whose benefit are these large ap-
propriations of the people's money made ? Not for
the benefit of the people, but for the exclusive
benefit of the fnercantile interests in a few of the
large cities. Why, sir, one of these lines is from
New York to Bremen, for which the Government
pays about four hundred thousand dollars per an-
num, and the postage derived from it was for the
first year about twenty-nine thousand dollars.
Who is benefited by this line but a few mer-
chants in the city of New York. The great mass
of the American people have no other interest in
it than to pay the money which sustains it.
Sir, whilst millions are thus paid out from the
public Treasury for the benefit of some of the
cities on the coast in carrying their letters to other
governments, what is done for the great agricul-
tural interests, the toiling millions, the honest yeo-
manry of the country, the masses of citizens who
inhabit the States of this Union ? The whole cost
of carrying the mail in the interior through all the
States, and including all cost, is #2,745,720 per
annum. This is done for their benefit. This state-
ment was taken from the books of the department
for the year 1849. Now, sir, there is nota congres-
sional district represented on this floor which has
the mail facilities to which it is entitled. There is
not one, I presume, which is not asking for more
mail routes, more post offices, a higher grade of
service, or some other facility which it is within
the power of the Government to grant. There are
some men within my district who do not live
within twenty-five miles of a post office. Such is
the case, too, in many other districts.
I admit there are but few persons in any of the
States who are so situated But why should any
be soJ Ask the department to give them a mail
route, and you are told that the route will not pay—
that it will become a tax on the department; and
your request is refused. Ask for a new office, and 1
you receive the same answer. Ask for an increase j
of service, for a conveyance in coaches, and you |
are told that the proceeds of the offices on the route j
will not justify the increase, and that the policy |
of making the Revenues derived from post offices j
sustain the Post Officc Department, cannot be de- ,
parted from. The interior of the country is held '
strictly to this policy, and it is only for the cities J
that Congress will abandon it, and make large ap- I
propriations from the Treasury to enable the mer- i
chants to get their letters from foreign countries. I
Why, sir, the very year that this system of mail
steamers was established, two hundred and ninety-
six post offices were discontinued in the States,
because they would not pay enough. At least one
hundred thousand freemen were thus deprived of
mail facilities in the interior of the country, whilst
Congress was expending thousands for the foreign
transportation.
Why, Mr. Chairman, are these unjust and in-
iquitous discriminations made? made too in favor
of a class of men who can boast of no superior
claims upon the bounty or protection of Govern-
ment, beyond those of the masses who are op-
pressed by this system of class legislation. I trust
that these facts will be considered by the people,
and that their voice may become more potent in
controlling the action of Congress than that of
stock-jobbers seeking these profitable contracts
now seems to be. Before my time expires, Mr.
Chairman, 1 must say one word about this Ebony
line. The great objcct of this line is not to carry
the mails, but to carry the free negroes from the
United States to Africa.
Who demands this line? I presume, sir,a very
small vessel will carry all the free negroes from
the northern States that have been liberated .by
northern men. Those blacks in the northern
States representing themselves as free, are gener-
ally the slaves of southern men, who have made
their escape from their masters, aided and assisted
by Chaplin's associates and co-workers. These .
are a part, at least, of the free negroes who will
be carried by this line from the northern States—
the slaves of southern men. With these increased
facilities for getting them off beyond the reach of
recapture, who does not see that these northern
societies will pursue their infamous work with re-
doubled energy? It will, if established, dram the
southern States of their slaves as well as of free
negroes. I am not surprised that that portion of
the North who wish to prostrate the institution of
slavery within the southern States should favor
this scheme; but I am surprised at the favor it re-
ceives from southern Representatives. If any of
the southern States desire to get clear of slavery,
they must do it at their own expense. They can-
not tax my constituents to enable them to send
their negroes to Africa. The southern man who
manumits his slaves should be forced to send them
to Africa.at his own cost. The southern State that
emancipates her slaves, must do it at her own cost.
The public Treasury cannot be used to aid them
in their schemes of emancipation.
The remarks of Mr. Featiierston were abruptly
terminated by the arrival of the hour of one o'clock,
when debate ceased.
The hour appointed by the House for the termi-
nation of the debate having arrived—
Mr. BAYLY (in the exercise of his privilege as
chairman of the committee from which the bill
was reported) made a few closing remarks. He
said that when the Committee of' Ways and Means
had under consideration the estimates from the
Navy Department in relation to appropriations
for the naval service, they were startled at the
magnitude of them, and they had determined, if
possible, to reduce them very greatly, but they
had much difficulty about it.
None of us, (said Mr. B.,) were naval men, and
though we were anxious to cut down the appro-
priations, we did not know, with certainty, where*
to strike. We did not know where we could com-
mence the system of reduction with safety to the
public service. The committee requested an inter-
view with the Secretary of the Navy on the sub-
ject, and he accordingly was before us for several
days; and in a short time I became convinced, and
1 believe most of my colleagues on the committee
became convinced, that it was impossible for the
commit^e, understanding^ and with safety, to
commence a system of reduction without the
thorough and hearty sympathy and cooperation
of the Administration. Strongly impressed, as we
were, from the large amount of the appropriations,
of the necessity there was for a reduction, we had
not the information which would enable us to move
m the work of reduction and retrenchment with
that confidence which would have entitled U3 to
the support of this House. And I say now, that
I am perfectly satisfied that in this branch of the
public service there is room for great reform and
retrenchment; but I not only believe, but I know
that this can never bedone until there is a thorough
sympathy and cooperation between Congress and
the Navy Department. We may commence the
system here of blindly reducing the appropriations,
but none of us can know precisely at what point we
ought to strike. My only hope in respect to both
the army and the navy bill, and indeed in respect
to most of the appropriation bilb, is, that the large
amount of the appropriations will so awaken the
attention of the country, that we will hereafter
have a Congress and an Administration sympa-
thizing with each othea, and cooperating m the
work of retrenchment and reform. Then, and not
