1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
mous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee of Ways and Means the bill ma-
king appropriations for deficiencies in appropria-
tions for the current fiscal year, with the amend-
ments which had been made thereto by the Senate.
His desire was that the bill should be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness, (which would be the cali of the committees
for reports, when the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] would have an opportunity of making
the report.) He (Mr. I.) objected to everything
out of the regular order of business.
Mr. BAYLY said he begged leave to say to his
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] that if the com-
mittees should be called, there was no probability
that the Committee of Ways and Means could be
reached to-day, and the bill ought to be referred to
the Committee of-the Whole on the state of the
Union. He hoped the gentleman would with-
draw his objection.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the.gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Inge] persisted in his
demand for the regular order of business?
Mr. INGE said, he did insist.
Mr. PHCENIX asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which, he said,
previous notice had been given.
-The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Inge] insisted upon the regular
order of business, and that this amounted to an
objection to every proposition and to all business
that was not strictly within the regular order.
DEFALCATIONS.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the reso-
lution which he had yesterday offered as an
amendment to the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] and which he asked
might now be read for information.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business was insisted upon, which, he repeated,
amounted to an objection to all business out of
that order.
CONGRESSIONAL MAILS.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be the joint resolu-
tion heretofore under consideration, in relation to
providing separate congressional mail ba^s; and
the amendment thereto offered by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.]
And the pending question was stated to be on
the motion heretofore made by Mr. Jones, that the
whole subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. STRONG and Mr. SACKETT called for
the reading of the resolution and amendment;
which were read.
A brief conversation followed on a point of order,
between Mr. Jones and the Speaker.
Mr. PHELPS appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jone^] to withdraw his motion
to lay on the table, to enable him (Mr. P.) to sub-
mit a few remarks.
Mr. JONES assented.
So the motion to lay the subject on the table
was withdrawn.
Mr. PHELPS expressed a hope that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee would withdraw his mo-
tion to lay the subject on the table.
The motion was then withdrawn, arid
Mr. PHELPS stated that he would not have
desired to say anything on the subject but for the
remarks which had fallen from thegentlcman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton ] He was opposed to the
passage of the resolution, because it would be at-
tended with an expense without which it could not
be accomplished. It contemplated the establish-
ment of an additional post office. It gave the au-
thority to the postmaster of Washington to cause
the mails to be divided, and those for the members
of Congress to be carried directly to the Capitol and
to distribute them there. This could not be done
without the establishment of an additional po. t
office, which may render it necessary that the
post offices now established in the Capitol should
be dispensed with. He stated that the mails from
the different parts of the country were sent direct to
Washington, and weie not separated at distribu-
ting offices. In order to carry out the object of the
resolution, it would be necessary that every post-
master throughout the whole country must make
op the mails for Washington in separate packets.
How else was the contemplated division to be
made? He also intimated, that the adoption of this
mode of separating the mails would, in the southern
and western sections of the country, cause such
an increase of labor as would lead to a delay in
the arrival of the mails of from twelve to eighteen
hours. He looked on the mode proposed by the
resolution as impracticable.
The true mode of obviating the inconvenience
to which members of Congress were subjected by
the delay of two hours in the delivery of their
letters, which takes place under the existing arj.
rangement—and he thought it important that mem-
bers should be placed in a position to be enabled
to answer their correspondents promptly—would
be, to authorize the Postmaster General to expe-
dite the arrival of the mails at Washington. He
thought, by a change of arrangement, that it
would be easy to make the arrival of the mails an
hour earlier than at present. For these reasons
he was opposed to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, explained a
mistake he had fallen into when he last addressed
the House on the subject, in consequence of con-
founding the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland with the original resolution. *
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
had taken exception to this resolution* on the
ground that, if adopted, it would leadtb additional
expense. He thought there was no ground for
this objection, as he thought it would be a very
easy matter for the Postmaster General to issue
instructions to the different postmasters to m^ke
up in distinct mails the letters addressed to mem-
bers of Congress, and to transmit them directly to
Washington, so that, by this simple process, only
a single distribution would be necessary. The
distribution at the city post office would be thus
superseded. It would be the simplest process in
the world for the postmasters to make up separate
mails. It was not requiied that every postmaster
should make up a separate packet for each mem-
ber, which would be to incur an unnecessary
expense.
Mr. PHELPS desired to ask how the mails
could be separated at the cars, on their arrival at
Washington? The letters for Washington must
go, as a matter of course, to the city post office;
and where was the contemplated division to be
made ?
Mr. STANTON replied, that packets from the
eastern States, made up ior Washington, must
pass through the distributing offices which are
established between Boston and Washington, and
the western mail had to be opened and assorted
at Baltimore before it came to Washington.
Mr. PHELPS suggested that the western mail
for Washington did not go to Baltimore.
Mr. STANTON was aware of this. But it
would be opened at Cumberland.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said that Cumber-
land was not a distributing office.
Mr. STANTON replied, that it might take place
perhaps at Wheeling. The gentleman must be
sufficiently acquainted with the'post-office system
to know, that there was always a way-mail; and
he could not see any greater difficulty in the way of
making up a direct mail for Washington city, than
m making up this way-mail. But the great objec-
tion seemed to be, that the passage of this lesolu-
tion would lead to an increase of officets, and a
corresponding increase of expenses. He, how-
ever, did not think that this would be at ali neces-
sary. But admitting that even an increase of offi-
ceis should become necessary, it cud not follow
that the expenses to the Government should also
be increased. It would be recollected, that under
the provisions of the post office law, a charge of
two cents on the delivery of every letter is author-
ized. This small item amounts to a large sum m
the aggregate. Eveiy one who knows what a
number or letters the members of Congress receive
daily, will be able to form something Uke an accu-
rate estimate of the amounts which would be col-
lected from this charge; so that, even if we were
to have one or two additional officers to carry out
the object of the resolution, nereis a fund provided
for their payment, wiinouL subjecting the Post
Office Depanment to any additional expense.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, expressed a hope
that the House would be cautious how it gave its
sanction to a change of the present system, with-
out being first satisfied that benefit would result
from the change. The passage of this resolution
would require a change of the whole of the pres-
ent system. Every postmaster throughout the
country would have to be furnished with the names
of all the members of Congress; the officers of
the House of Representatives and of the Senate
who now act as the postmasters of Congress to
become regular postmasters, and to keep regular
accounts, acting under the control of the Post Of-
fice Department. It would render it necessary to
adopt a new system of making up the mails for
Washington, making one packet for members of
Congress and another packet for all other citizens
of Washington, and all to be sent to the Capitol;
and, on their arrival there, these packets would all
have to be taken out of the mail, and those for
citizens to be disposed of in one mode, being sent
to the city post office, and those for members of
Congress distributed here. We should have con-
fusion from one end of the couptry to the other.
Every postmaster would be required to make up
the mail for Washington in two separate packets,
one intended for members of Congress, diiected to
them either by their names, or to the House of
Representatives, or to the Senate, as the case might
be. You would thus have a multiplication of of-
fices. The House of Representatives would have
one; the Senate would have one; and the Wash-
ington city post office weuld be the third.
He desired that the House would consider
whether it might not, by the adoption of this res-
olution, make the matter still worse. He had
once been himself of the opinion that something
ought to be done—that some change of-the present
system was necessary; but from the knowledge of
the post-office system which he had subsequently
acquired, he had now come to the conclusion that
any such change was impracticable without lead-
ing to greater evils than those it was intended to
remove.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the whole subject be laid upon the table.
The question on that motion was taken, and
decided in the affirmative, without a division. .
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY rose, and again asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to report the defi-
ciency bill, in ordered that it might be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. His friend from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,]
in consideration of the pressing nature of the bill,
had (Mr. B. said^ consented to waive his objec-
tion. #
Mr. WJENT WORTH, with a remark not
heard, insisted on the regular order of Susiness as
prescribed by the rules.
DEFALCATIONS.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose and desired,
he said, to turn the attention of gentlemen on the
other side of the House to the fact, that they had
yesterday pledged themselves that the resolution
oifered by him should be introduced at any time.
He now asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce that resolution.
Mr. INGE objected, because, he said, he did.
not want the time of the House to be consumed
in this fruitless way.
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, commencing wheie the call
was la.st suspended.
On motion by Mr. McKISSOCK, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Isaac Hill, of New Hampshire, m relation to libel
suits instituted against him in the city of New
York; and it was oidered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. DURKEE, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was dischaiged
from the further consideration of the memoiial of
Armistad Neal for additional pay as postmaster
at Bag Lick, Roanoke county, Virginia, and the
Postmaster General's reply thereto; and it was
ordered to lie on the table.
DEFALCATIONS.
Mr. INGE said that, on an explanation made
to him by his friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
that there had yesterday been an understanding or
pledge, on his side of the House, thaf the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] should be introduced, he (Mr. I.) would
withdraw hia objection.
