1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
The amendment to the amendment was read.
Mr. CROWELL then made his motion in this
form, to strike out the words, " with the advice
and consent of the Senate."
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order. He be-
lieved that these appointments could not be made
under the Constftution of the United States, with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate; therefore,
he submitted the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the single question
before the committee was on the amendment to
the amendment proposing to strike out particular
words.
Mr. CROWELL said, if it was true that it was
already provided by law that these appointments
should be made, the pending amendment was al-
together unnecessary. But he did not intend to
discuss that point. He was opposed to increasing
our navy in the mode proposed by the amendment.
It could not be'dtsguised, that this is nothing less
than a naked proposition to increase the officers of
our navy, at a time, too, when there are so many
complaints that we have now too many for ail the
service dea^anded of them. If it was the design
of the amendment to add a given number of navy
officers to our present number, it seemed to him
that some better reasons should be assigned than
any he had yet heard. There was no obligation
on the Government to make this increase of num-
ber. If it is proper to increase ©ur navy, he would
ask why?1 The state of the public service does
not require any increase. There is no obliga-
tion on the part of the Government to make
this increase. Why then is it proposed? The
appropriations for the navy for the current year
are enormous in amount. And yet it is pro-
posed to increase this expenditure by adding an
indefinite number of officers. He was surpiised
that such a proposition should meet with any-
thing like favor on the part of this House, be-
cause there was no necessity shown for such ad-
dition. We have appropriations for this branch !
of the service to the amount of ten millions. Yet i
it is proposed to increase the officers of the navy, j
to what number does not appear; and this not in !
the usual and ordinary mode by which officers of j
the navy are appointed. He was opposed to the ]
amendment. We do not need this increase. We |
have more officers now in the service than we have
employment for. The expenses of this arm of
the public .service have been enormously increased,
end he would ask for some sufficient reason before
he would £ive his assent to any further increase.
Mr. VENABLE said, that as we had taken the
ships of Texas, we were also bound to take the
officers. He could see no propriety in turning
these gentlemen out of the service. If we take
the ships, we ought to take the officers. He was
opposed to the amendment to the amendment. It
was our duty to throw no obstacle m the way of
this incorporation of the officers of the Texan
Jiavy into our own navy.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER moved an amendment to the
amendment, providing that these officers shall be
put on half pay.
His remarks were not distinctly heard by the
Reporter. He was understood to speak generally
against any increase of our navy. He stated that
of the sixty-eight post-captains now in our service,
about seven were at sea; and the retrenching chair-
man of the naval committee was anxious to add
one more to the number of these captains. Out of
ninety-eight commanders pensioned in the United
Spates, there were only twenty at sea; and there
was about the same ratio between the services and
the persons liable to be called on, in every branch
of this rotten service. Yet we are called on to ap-
propriate between nine and ten millions for the sup-
port of this useless branch of the service. He
censured these attempts to swell the expenses of
an establishment which every one seemed to ac-
knowledge was useless and required cutting down.
Mr. HOWARD contended, that by the articles
of the treaty of annexation, the United States was
bound to incorporate the officers of the Texan
navy into the navy of the United States. He
quoted from Walker, to show what was the mean-
ing put on the word " navy" by lexicographers,
showing that it included the personnel as well as
the materiel of the navy. He denied that the Su-
preme Court had ever decided this question, and
repeated what was its decision. He saw no rea-
son why we should not put the same construction
on the word " navy" which was attached to it by
general consent.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved to amend by
striking out " one post-captain."
Mr. K.said he moved this amendment for the
purpose of calling the attention of the committee
to this view of the case. In the opinion of many
persons, in which he concurred, the President
of the United States has already the power, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
bring the officers of the Texan navy-into the ser-
vice of the United States. " His power to nominate
is unlimited, but it rests with the Senate to con-
firm such nomination. It is only necessary,
therefore, for these officers to have satisfied the
President of the justice of their claim to "be incor-
porated in the United States navy, to obtain their
object. He has the power to present them to the
Senate, and if he has not exercised this power, it
is not proper for this House to interfere. It could
only be a recommendation, and could not be bind-
ing.
He was of opinion that the officers of the navy
of Texas oughtnot to be incorporated in the navy of
the United States. These gentlemen had decided
for themselves, when they took service with the
government of Texas; and now they comeback,
and ask to be received again into our service. He
was opposed to this proposition. The reward of
promotion ought to be kept for those who have
faithfully stood by the flag of their country. These
are the men who are entitled to our favor. And
although he had nothing to say against the brave
men who belonged to the Texan navy, he did not
think it would be just to our own officers who had
adhered to our flag through all danger, to incor-
porate with them officers who had not participated
in their fidelity and their perils.
Again; he thought that there was a proper re-
spect due to those gallant men who, for many years,
had served their country on the ocean, in war as
well as in peace, in every climate and in every
sea. He thought that the opinions of such men
should have due weight. And what were the sen-
timents of these gentlemen on the subject? As
far as he had been able to gather their opinions,
they were against this incorporation. They were
opposed to granting this promotion except to those
who had undergone the same perils and in the
same service with themselves. This amendment
would have the effect of placing these Texan offi-
cers in a better position than the officers who had
uniformly and faithfully stood by the flag of their
country. We could not do this without being
guilty of injustice, and doing violence to the feel-
ings and rights of our own officers. To this he
could not agree.
Mr. KAUFMAN was understood to say that
both Mr. Polk and General Tayloi were in favor
of this incorporation of the Texan officers into the
Un ted States navy. There was but one of these
officers who has ever been in the service of the
United States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, expressed a hope
that the discussion would be no further prolonged.
The mind of every gentleman was made up, and
we were consuming the time of the committee in
useless discussion, when business of great im-
portance was pressing on us for consideration.
He hoped that a vote would be taken without fur-
ther discussion.
Mr. VINTON rose to move an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, that noamendment was
now in order, as there was an amendment in the
second degree already pending.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking from the original amendment
the words "six lieutenants, one surgeon-, and
three pursers."
Mr. V. stated thatit must be very apparent, from
what had been said, that if the treaty ot annex-
ation provided for this case, and transferred these
Texan officers to the navy of the United States,
then it was an act of law, and could not be pre-
vented; otherwise, this was a grave question.
The Supreme Court had decided that " navy " did
not mean " men.'' The question, then, presented
itself to us in this form: Texas had a government,
with all its machinery, complete in all its parts—
a judiciary, an army, and al! the other appendages
of a government. Now, to say that if the army
was disbanded, it must be incorporated into our
army, or if the judiciary was disbanded that it
must be incorporated into our judiciary, no one
would contend. And if it was not competent for
us to do this, neither did he think it was compe-
tent to incorporate the navy into the United States
navy.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, isaid it was
true that the navy was already large enough. At
the same time, he was disposed to do what he re-
garded as justice to Texas. He had. sent for the
resolutions of annexation, and he would now read
to the committee so much of them as was applica-
ble to this case. (Here Mr. T. read an extract
from the resolutions.)
He thought it was not becoming in us, although
we might be against increasing the appropriations
for this branch of the service, to vent our spleen
against this solemn contract. He would go for
tfiis measure, because he considered that the Gov-
ernment of the United States was under a moral
obligation to receive these Texan officers. He be-
lieved that this House could exercise a discretion
in this matter which the Supreme Court could not.
That court had decided that the Secretary had no
authority to pay the Texan officers, and the de-
cision was a correct one. But he believed that the
term "navy" should be construed as including
the personnel as well as the materiel of the ships.
Some conversation here took place, in which
Messrs. Fowler, Thompson, and Johnson of
Arkansas, took part; but it was not heard with
sufficient distinctness to justify a report of it.
The question was then taken, ana the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment—
Mr. JONES moved to amend it, by striking out
the words " one captain and six lieutenants."
Mr. JONES, in explanation of his amendment,
said, he understood that there was now but the
one post-captain and six lieutenants. The Presi-
dent was required to appoint one post-captain and
six lieutenants. Did this leave him any discre-
tion ? Could he exercise his constitutional prerog-
ative of appointing officers, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, if Congress declared that
he shall take this captain and these lieutenants?
If he (Mr. J.) was correct in his understandingof
the proposition, no discretion was left to the Pres-
ident. If the proposition was adopted, and the
President should send in the names of these gen-
tlemen to the Senate, and they should be rejected,
what would then become of the law? If it was
the duty of the Government to take these officers
into the service, under the resolutions of annexa-
tion, let a law be passed declaring that 'they were
part and parcel of the Navy of the United States,
j with the rank they held in the Texan navy prior
to annexation.
Mr. FOWLER asked the Chair to state the
question.
The CHAIR explained.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment, and the affirmative
vote was declared to be—53.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Albertson
and Fowler were appointed.
Mr. JO HN A. KING requested the Chair again
to state the question.
The CHAIR stated it.
And the question having been again taken, the
vote stood—ayes 64, noes 61.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the words " six lieutenants, one
surgeon, three pursers, and two masters in the
line of promotion."
Mr. T. said: He desired to say a few words
in reply to his colleague over the way [Mr. Cart-
ter]. He was friendly to the navy, but he de-
sired that it should be upheld in a proper manner.
It was a branch of the service which was becom-
ing unpopular, because so many of the officers were
not employed. What is it we now propose to
do ? To increase the number of these officers, and,
