THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS #3 FOR THIS SESSION.,
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1850.
NEW SE«ES.^...N?-
lie was informed by gentlemen who Ifnew better
probably than either the gentleman or himself; and
this was his firm impression. He asked why the
gentleman—the facts not being before the House—
should press them to a vote upon a motion to lay
on the table ? He appealed to him to allow the
bill to to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES said that this was not a new ques
tion; it had been before the House for seven years.
He renewed his motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken,and the vote stood, ayes
60, noes 49—no quorum voting.
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Meade, of
Virginia, and King, of Rhode Island.)
And the vote being taken, stood—ayes 65, noes
58.
Mr. WILLIAMS called the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORTON inquired of the Chair, whether
it would be in order for him to make an explana-
tion?
The SPEAKER said it would not now be in
order.
Mr. MORTON asked if he could do so by
tmanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. By unanimousconsent only.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to have t'ne re-
port of the committee and the bill read ?
The SPEAKER. If the reading is called for,
the question must be put to the House, and the
House must decide it. The bill has been read twice
by the title, and neither the bill nor the report can
?iow be read except by common consent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired of the Speak-
er whether a quorum had voted ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. MORTON. Can I not call for the reading
-of the. report ?
The SPEAKER Ifthe gentleman calls for the
reading, and objection should be made, as it has
already been, the question must be submitted to
the House.
The objection to the reading was repeated.
And the question being put to the House, it was
•decided that the report should not be read.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the yeas and nays, and they were refused.
So, under the vote given above, the bill was laid
upon the table.
Mr. SILVESTER moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
•state of the Union.
A brief conversation followed, between Mr.
Meade and the Speaker.
The question was then stated to be on the mo-
lion Sf Mr. Silvester.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, hoped, he said,
that the motion would not be agreed to, but that
•the call of the committees for reports would be
proceeded with. It was seven weeks since some
of the committees had had an opportunity to pre-
sent reports.
Mr. BAYLY also hoped that the motion would
be voted down. He had some reports which he
desired to make.
The question was then taken, and, by ayes 84,
noes 63, was decided in the affirmative.
CALIFORNIA.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
"mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and
.resumed the consideration of the special message
of the President communicating the constitution
of California.
Mr. MO.REHEAD was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour, (in
•remarks which will be published in the Appen-
dix.)
Mr. M. having concluded,
Mr. PECK obtained the floor, and addressed the
committee, (in a speech which will be published
in the Appendix.)
The first half of his remarks was directed to an
examination of the objections urged against the
admission of California as aState into the Union—
51
a measure of which he declared himself the advo-
cate. He examined the objections which had
beeq urged, disposing1 of them seriatim as present- j
ing, in his judgment, no valid arguments against j
her admission, whether considered with reference j
to their own intrinsic weight, or to the prior action j
of this Government in the admission of new States |
into the Union.
He next proceeded to discuss the territorial
question, arguing the imperative duty of Congress,
in accordance with the ninth article of the treaty,
with the proclamation of General Kearny, &c.,
at the earliest practicable day to establish govern-
ments for the territories—the form of government
to be decided by the majority of Congress. He
expressed his adherence to the Wilmot proviso,
maintaining the clear constitutional power of Con-
gress to adopt it, and glancing at legislative prece-
dents for the exercise of that power.
Mr. WILMOT obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion by
Mr. BOOTH, that the committee rise.
Which being agreed to,
The committee rose and reported progress.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a depo-
sition which had been communicated to him in the
case of contested election in Iowa, for the purpose
of its reference to the Committee on Elections.
No objection being made, the paper was received
and referred to the Committee on Elections.
On motion by Mr. STRONG, (who stated that
depositions were being received from Iowa, and
were soon expected in the case of contested elec-
tion in Pennsylvania,) it was ordered that said
papers when received be referred without further
action to the Committee on Elections.
On motion the House adjourned.
Also, the petition of John PJemmgraud 63 orher'fcitiatenY
of the same place, praying Congress to pfohibU by Jaw sla-
very and the slave trade in aH Ihu "territories of the'tTnited
NOTICE OF A HILL.
Mr. PARKER gave notice that on to-morrow, or pome
subsequent day, lie should a<K leave to introduce a bill emi- i
tied u A bill respecting the National Armories at Springfield
and Harper's Feiry."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. OLDS : The petition of sundry citizens of Fayette
county, Ohio, praying that no State may hereafter be ad-
mitted into the C7nio   unless the constitution of said State
shall expressly piohibit the establishment of slavery in the
limits ot said State.
Also, the pennon of sundry citizens of Fayette county,
Ohio, praying the abolition ot slavery and the slave tiade hi
the District of Columbia, or the removal of the capital to
free territory.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Oxford, Ohio, ask-
ing Congress to prohibit slavery in the territories of the
United Stated
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Fayette county,
Oh'o, asking tiiat when a person is arretted as a fugitive
slave, he j-hali not he dehveied to the claimant except upon
the finding of a jury.
Also, the petition of sundry citizcns of Fayette county,
Ohio, praying Congress to aboltsii slavery and the slave
trade in all the territories of the United States, and to eie-
aterm territonal government without the slavery prohibi-
tion.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of feylvanus Ward and
60 other citizcns of Franklin, Massachusetts, pra.ung thai
slaveiv ami the slave trade maybe expres-lv prohibited bj
act of Conere*s in ail the territones of the United States.
Also, of the same persons, ih. t provision he made by law
that a fugitive slave shall not be delivered to the claimant
i or hi* a«ent, except on the nndmg ot a jury that the &iave is
[ the proptitv ot said claimant.
I Also, o( the same prions, that no State be hereafter ad-
t nutted into the Union, unless the cot^titution of such State
| shall expiesFly prohibit the existence of slavery within its
lumts.
Also, that aH laws sanctioning the slave trade n« the Dis-
trict ofOoluiobia, be repealed; or, in the event ot their non-
repeal, that the, seat of the National Government bert-
rrtoved to some other location.
By Mr. HOWE. The petition of-Tames Kingsley#nd 60
other citizens of Verianeo county, Pennsylvania, piauug
Congress to repeal alt law* h> vvhn h slavery or thes-lave
tiade is anthoi ized* in the city of Washington or the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and that in the event of their non-repeal,
the seat of the National Government may be removed to
some more suitable location.
Also, the petition of James IVT. Bowman and 63 other citi-
zens of the same place, pravnig Congress that no State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union, unless the constitu-
tion of such State shall expressly prohibit the existence of
slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition of James Cook and 64 other citizens of
the same place, praying Congress to provide by law; that'
whenever a person shall be arrested a<? a fugitive sWve in
any State other than that in which he is alleged to be held
to service, he shall not be delivered tt> the claimant or Ills
aacnt, except on the finding of a jury that he is the slave of
the claimant.
By Mr. TRURMAN: The petition of Uri Young and 70
other citizens ot the county oi Warren, State of New York,
praying that the death of a widow after pacing of the act
of the 7th of Jul v, 1838, and before the parsing of the joint
resolution of the 16th of August, 1?42, shall not prevent
her children from receiving the same annuity or pension
which «he might have received bv virtue of the said act and
resolution from the 4Ui of March, 1836, to the day of her
death.
Also, the petition of Albert Conro and 150 other citizens
of the State of New York, praying <br a repeal of the- law
extending the term of the patent for Wood worth's planing
machine.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of William Lewis
and Ruth Smith, clerks of the monthly meeting of the
Society of Friends held at Clear Creek, Putnam county, Il-
linois, against the admission of any more slave States, and1
for the piohibition of slavery in all the territories of the
United States.
By Mr. DOTY: A petition of Thomas McDermot and
others, that no State be admitted unless its constitution pro-
hibits slavery. - .
Al*o, a petition fiom Ira Jones and others, for thetepeal
of laws in favor of slavery in the District of Columbia, or
for the removal of the scat of Government elsewhere.
Also, a petition from Joole Smith and others, for trial by
jury or the claims of persons demanding others as slaves.
Also, a petition to prohibit slavery and the slave trade in
the tenitom e. # _
Bv Mr. EWING: The petition of Joseph H. Rice, of
Tennessee, praying for a land warrant for three thousand
eight hundicd and lorty acres of land at twelve and a half
cents per acre which he was prevented from locating.
Bv Mr. ALBEHTSON: The petition ot Jad Mailby and'
71 other citizens of Vanderburg county, Indiana, praying
Congress to establish a mail-route from Washington, in
Davis comity, by the way of Peietsbtirg, in Pike county',
thence on the new Slate road through the counties of Gib-
son and Vanderbure to Evansville.
By Mr. BINGHAM : The petition of Charles Locke and
38 others, citizens of the township of Perry, Shawassee
county, Michigan, praying that a trial by jury may be al-
lowed to persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, a petition from the same persons, praying that all
laws may he repealed which sanction slavey or the clave
trade in the DUtuct of Columbia.
Also, a petition from the same persons, praying that sla-
very and the slave trade may be expressly prohibited in all
the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of the same persons, praying that no
State may hereafter he admitted into the Union, unless
slavery iseapre««ly prohibited in" its constitution.
By Mr GILMOKE: The pennon of Clarion eoiinty, Penn-
sylvania, for a mail-route from Limestone, Clarion county,
Pennsylvania, to the borough of Clarion, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of citizens of Coalfield courity^Penn-
sylvania, for a post-ioute from Smith's Mills, Gfe^rfield-,
Pennsylvania, to the borough of Cleai field, Pennsylvania,
by Wheatland and Cleai field Creek pus. othce.
By Mr FITCH : Fourseveiai petitions of citizens of Cass,
Miami, Wabash, Kosciusko, Whitley, and Noble couutic*,
Imhana, asking a mail-route from Loaansport, Cass connty,
to Albion, Noble county.
By Mr. SAWTE'.LE : The remonstrance of E. £*. Page
and 33 others, mechanics and lumbermen, of the State of
Maine, against the further extension,-fey act of Congri ss, of
the " Woodworth Patent,"so called, for a planing, tonguing,
and sroov ns machine.
By Mr. GOULD: The petition of merchants, farmers, me-
chanics, physicians, and 1'iwjers, inhabitant* of Oneonta,
Otsego county, New York, tor cheap postage—two cents
l! tor afl prepaid letter* of halt an ounce.
i i By Mr. MATTESON : The petition of Sullivan Bngrmm
.! and 60 other citizens ot Vienna. Oneida county, New York,
11 jn favor of reducing the rate of po>tage to two cents on pre-
i paid letters. ^
! ANo, the petition of Samuel Goodwin and 105 otheK, citi-
1 zens of Sanueis*field, same county, for same purpose.
Al^o, the petition of Stephen Vancliisaraiid iBOotnerSjCit-
il izens of same county and State, in favorof jepeahng the ex-
i tens-ion of Woodwoith's patent for a planing machine.
Bv Mr. KING of Massachusetts: The remonstrance of
il Samuel Cuius and 41 others, citizens of Lynn, Massaehu-
i' sett', against the renewal of Woodworth s patent tor a plan-
IS ' n!Al?o,C th"epetitii i of widow Abigai! Appleton, of Ipswich,
i' MaSo? tl>^petirinn*of J. W. Procter and 25 other citizens
' i 0fM«o tile'pSition *of:b'. if Gerrish and 60 other citizens of
!: Chelsea and North Chelsea, far the same.
If Aho the petition of Nathaniel Scott and 101 citizens of
| j ipgvvich, against the admission of more slave States into the
|j ^ Also the petition of Daniel W.Perkins and 104 other
I ejfjzen's o( Georgetown, Mas.-achusetts, tor the same object,
n Also, the petition ot P. II. Sweeper and 104 other citizens
of South-Reading, for the same object.
Also, the several petitions of Robert Boyes and 120 other
